THE

Statutes at Large,

Anno tricesimo quarto Georgii III. Regis:

Being the FOURTH Session of the Seventeenth Parliament of Great Britain.

Vol. XXXIX. Part II.

A

TABLE

OF THE

STATUTES

PUBLICK and PRIVATE

Passed Anno tricesimo quarto

GEORGII III.

Being the Fourth Session of the Seventeenth Parliament of Great Britain.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Cap. 1. FOR raising the sum of eleven millions by way of annuities.

Cap. 2. For granting to his Majesty certain additional duties upon worts, wash, and other liquors, brewed or made in England, for extracting spirits for home consumption, and upon spirits made in Scotland and imported into England.

Cap. 3. For granting to his Majesty certain additional duties on foreign spirits imported into Great Britain.

Cap. 4. For making perpetual certain duties on foreign spirits, and on sugar, imported into Great Britain.

Cap. 5. To continue the laws now in force for regulating the trade between the subjects of his Majesty's dominions and the inhabitants of the territories belonging to the united states of America, so far as the same relate to the trade and commerce carried on between this kingdom and the inhabitants of the countries belonging to the said united states.

Cap. 6. For the regulation of his Majesty's marine forces while on shore.

Cap. 7. For continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four.

Cap. 8. For granting an aid to his Majesty by a land-tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four.

Cap. 9. For preventing money or effects, in the hands of his Majesty's subjects, belonging to or disposeable by persons resident in France, being applied to the use of the persons exercising the powers of government in France; and for preserving the property thereof for the benefit of the individual owners thereof.

Cap. 10. For repealing the stamp duties on gloves and mittens sold by retail.

Cap. 11. For repealing the duties on the registry of burials, births, marriages, and christenings.

Cap. 12. To indemnify such persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments; and to indemnify justices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for those purposes; and to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whose admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid; and for allowing them time to provide admissions duly damped; to give further time to such persons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attornies and solicitors; for indemnifying deputy lieutenants and officers of the militia, who have neglected to transmit descriptions of their qualifications to the clerks of the peace within the time limited by law; and for allowing further time for that purpose.

Cap. 13. For punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

Cap. 14. For granting to his Majesty certain stamp duties on indentures of clerkships to solicitors and attornies in any of the courts in England therein mentioned.

Cap. 15. For granting to his Majesty certain additional duties on bricks and tiles made in, or imported into, Great Britain.

Cap. 16. For augmenting the militia.

Cap. 17. For regulating the portage and conveyance of letters by the carriage called The Penny Post.

Cap. 18. For granting rates of postage for the conveyance of letters and packets between Great Britain and the islands of Jersey and Guernsey, and within those islands.

Cap. 19. To enable the governor and company of the bank of Scotland further to increase the capital stock of the said company.

Cap. 20. For repealing the duties on paper, pasteboard, mill-board, scaleboard, and glazed paper; and for granting other duties in lieu thereof.

Cap. 21. For granting annuities to satisfy certain navy and victualling bills; and for providing for the regular payment of all navy and victualling bills that shall be issued in future.

Cap. 22. For allowing vessels employed in the Greenland and whale fishery to complete their full number of men, at certain ports, for a limited time.

Cap. 23. For amending and making perpetual an act, made in the twenty-seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the encouragement of the arts of designing and printing linens, cottons, callicoes, and muslins, by vesting the properties thereof in the designers, printers, and proprietors, for a limited time.

Cap. 24. For making certain navigable cuts from the towns of Buckingham, Aylesbury, and Wendover, in the county of Buckingham, to communicate with the grand junction navigation, authorised to be made by an act of the last session of parliament; and for amending the said act.

Cap. 25. For extending the Wyrley and Effington canal.

Cap. 26. For making and maintaining a navigable canal from and out of the canal navigation from Manchester to or near Ashton-under-Lyne and Oldham, in the county palatine of Lancaster, at the intended aqueduct bridge in Dukinfeld, in the county of Chester, to or near to Chapel Milton, in the county of Derby; and a communication by railways or stone roads from thence to Load's Knowl, within Peak Forest, in the said county of Derby, and a branch from and out of the said intended canal to Whaley Bridge, in the said county of Chester.

Cap. 27. For granting to his Majesty certain additional duties on glass imported into, or made in, Great Britain.

Cap. 28. For raising a certain sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four.

Cap. 29. For raising a further sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four.

Cap. 30. For defraying the charge of the pay and clothing of the militia, in that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four.

Cap. 31. For encouraging and disciplining such corps or companies of men, as shall voluntarily inroll themselves for the defence of their counties, towns, or coasts, or for the general defence of the kingdom, during the present war.

Cap. 32. For enabling the commissioners of the stamp duties to stamp bills of exchange and notes in certain cases.

Cap. 33. For making perpetual certain duties of excise on distilleries, and on licences granted to distillers, in Scotland; and for appropriating the said duties.

Cap. 34. For indemnifying all persons who have been concerned in advising or carrying into execution, an order of the lords commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, respecting the exportation of pot ashes or pearl ashes; for preventing suits in consequence of the same; for authorising his Majesty to prohibit the exportation, or carrying coastwise, of pot ashes or pearl ashes; and for making further provisions relative thereto.

Cap. 35. For indemnifying governors, lieutenant governors, and persons adding as such, in the West India islands, who have permitted the importation and exportation of goods and commodities in foreign bottoms.

Cap. 36. To continue several laws relating to the exportation of culm to Lisbon, and to the ascertaining the strength of spirits by Clarke's hydrometer.

Cap. 37. For altering an act passed in the Seventh year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, intituled An act for making the rivers Mercy and Irwell navigable from Liverpool to Manchester, in the county palatine of Lancaster, by incorporating the proprietors of the said navigation; and to declare their respective shares therein to be personal estate.

Cap. 38. For making and maintaining a navigable canal out of and from the Warwick and Birmingham canal, now cutting, or intended to be cut, in the parish of Budbrooke, in the county of Warwick, into the Oxford canal, in the parish of Braunston, in the county of Northampton.

Cap. 39. For making a navigable canal from or near Porthywain lime rocks, in the parish of Llanyblodwell, in the county of Salop, to or near Newtown, in the county of Montgomery; and also certain collateral cuts from the said canal.

Cap. 40. For granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money, to be raised by a lottery.

Cap. 41. To impower the East India company to continue a bond debt of two millions, and to increase the same by a further Sum, as circumstances may require.

Cap. 42. For granting to foreign Ships, put under his Majesty's protection, the privileges of prize ships, under certain regulations and restrictions; for allowing aliens in foreign colonies, surrendered to his Majesty, to exercise the occupations of merchants or factors; and for repealing an act passed in the twelfth year of the reign of his late Majesty, intituled An act for granting a liberty to carry sugars, of the growth, produce, or manufacture, of any of his Majesty's sugar colonies in America, from the said colonies directly to foreign parts, in ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to law; and also so much of an act passed in the fifteenth year of the reign of his late Majesty, as amends the said act.

Cap. 43. To enable subjects of France to enlist as soldiers in regiments to serve on the continent of Europe, and in certain other places; and to enable his Majesty to grant commissions to subjects of France, to serve and receive pay as officers in such regiments, or as engineers, under certain restrictions.

Cap. 44. To continue an act, made in the last session of parliament, for establishing courts of judicature in the island of Newfoundland; and to revive and continue so much of two acts, made in the tenth and sixteenth years of his present Majesty's reign, as relates to regulating the fees of the officers of the customs, and of the naval officers in the British colonies in America, and of the officers of the customs in the island of Newfoundland.

Cap. 45. To enable his Majesty to establish a court of criminal judicature in Norfolk Island.

Cap. 46. For taking of special bail in actions and suits depending in the court of common pleas of the county palatine of Lancaster.

Cap. 47. To amend an act passed in the last session of parliament, intituled An act to provide for the families of persons chosen by lot to serve in the militia of this kingdom, and of substitutes serving the rein; and to explain and amend an act of parliament, passed in the twenty-sixth year of his present Majesty, intituled An act for amending, and reducing into one act of parliament, the laws, relating to the militia in that part of Great Britain called England; and also an act, made in this present section of parliament, intituled, An act for augmenting the militia.

Cap. 48. For granting to his Majesty the sum of two hundred thousand pounds, to be issued and paid to the governor and company of the bank of England, to be by them placed to the account of the commissioners for the reduction of the national debt.

Cap. 49. For granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the consolidated fund; for applying a certain, sum of money therein mentioned for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four; and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament.

Cap. 50. For repealing so much of an act, made in the seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, as directs that no cambrick or lawn shall be imported from Ireland, until the importation of cambricks and French lawns into Ireland shall be prohibited by law; to allow the importation of cambricks and French lawns from the Austrian Netherlands, for a limited time; for making more effectual an act, made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for the more effectual prevention of smuggling in this kingdom; and for preventing the fraudulent relanding of tobacco shipped for exportation.

Cap. 51 For granting to his Majesty certain duties of customs, on slate, stone, and marble.

Cap. 52. For paving, and otherwise improving, the town of Tiverton, in the county of Devon.

Cap. 53. For making and maintaining a navigable canal from and out of the canal of sir John Ramsden baronet, at or near the town of Huddersfield, in the west riding of the county of York, to join and communicate with the canal navigation from Manchester to or near Ashton-under-Lyne and Oldham, at or near the town of Ashton-under-Lyne aforesaid, in the county palatine of Lancaster.

Cap. 54. To impower his Majesty to secure and detain such persons as his Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against his person and government.

Cap. 55. For saving to his Majesty the duty of new subsidy on tobacco, imported into that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Cap. 56. For extending the time limited by an act of this section for delivering in navy and victualling bills.

Cap. 57. For further continuing an act, made in the fifth year of the reign of his late Majesty, intituled An act to prevent the committing of frauds by bankrupts.

Cap. 58. To prevent the removal of suits from the inferior courts in the county palatine of Lancaster, into the court of common pleas of the said county palatine.

Cap. 59. For extending the provisions of an act passed in the twenty-fifth year of his present Majesty's reign, for better examining and auditing the publick accounts of the board of ordnance, the commissioners of the navy, the commissioners for victualling the navy, and the commissioners of sick and hurt.

Cap. 60. To continue so much of several laws, respecting the transportation and imprisonment of offenders, as relates to the removal of offenders to temporary places of confinement.

Cap. 61. For the better observation of the Lord's day, by persons exercising the trade of bakers.

Cap. 62. For enabling his Majesty to raise the sum of two millions five hundred thousand pounds for the uses and purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 63. For allowing the exercise of an invention of a new method of tanning hides and skins.

Cap. 64. For the more effectually repairing of such parts of the highways of this kingdom as are to be repaired by two parishes.

Cap. 65. For better regulating and governing the watermen, wherrymen, and lightermen, upon the river of Thames, between Gravesend and Windsor.

Cap. 66. To enable the lords commissioners of his Majesty's treasury to ascertain what sum shall be paid into his Majesty's exchequer, in full satisfaction of the debt due on the mortgage made by the late John Gardner Kemeys esquire, in trust for the late right honourable Richard Rigby, in case it shall appear to the said lords of that it will be necessary to resort to the mortgaged premises, in order to recover the balance due from the said Richard Rigby to his Majesty.

Cap. 67. For vesting in John Wilkinson esquire, in trust for the assignees of Joseph Freeman and Thomas Grace, a messuage and other hereditaments, in Saint James's Square, purchased by the said Joseph Freeman of Matthias de Gandasequi, an alien; and for discharging the same from the right of the crown, in respect of the alienage.

Cap. 68. For the further encouragement of British mariners; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 69. For the discharge of certain insolvent debtors.

Cap. 70. To exempt ships of war, and private ships or vessels of war, taken as prize, from payment of duty.

Cap. 71. For supplying such of the French islands, as may be in his Majesty's possession, with the several sorts of corn, meal, flour, and biscuit, necessary for the maintenance of the inhabitants of the said islands.

Cap. 72. To enable the commissioners of his Majesty's stamp duties to stamp the paper used for printing newspapers thereon, in sheets of single demy paper instead of sheets of double demy paper.

Cap. 73. For directing the appointment of commissioners, to administer certain oaths and declarations required by law to be taken and made by persons offering to vote at the election of members to serve in parliament.

Cap. 74. For varying some of the provisions in an act of the thirteenth year of his present Majesty's reign, respecting the publick highways, within that part of Great Britain called England, which relate to the performance of statute duty.

Cap. 75. For the better management of the land revenue of the crown, and for the sale of fee farm and other unimproveable rents.

Cap. 76. For vesting certain messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in trustees, for the better securing his Majesty's batteries, and other works, in the counties of Kent and Devon.

Cap. 77. For making and maintaining a navigable canal from or nearly from Bury Bridge, in the parish of Bury, by Hasingden, to or nearly to Church Kirk, all in the county palatine of Lancaster.

Cap. 78. For making and maintaining a navigable canal from the Colder navigation, at or near Sowerby Bridge wharf, in the parish of Halifax, in the west riding of the county of York, to join the canal of his grace the duke of Bridgewater, in the parish of Manchester, in the county palatine of Lancaster; and also certain cuts from the said intended canal.

Cap. 79. For more effectually preserving money or effects, in the hands of his Majesty's subjects, belonging to, or disposeable by, persons resident in France, for the benefit of the individual owners thereof.

Cap. 80. To continue, for a limited time, and to amend an act passed in the last session of parliament, intituled An act to continue, for a limited time, and to amend several acts of parliament for regulating the shipping and carrying slaves in British vessels from the coast of Africa.

Cap. 81. For amending so much of an act passed in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of his late majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An act for ordering the forces in the several counties of this kingdom, as relates to the militia of the city of London; and for the better ordering the same.

Cap. 82. To continue an act, made in the last session of parliament, intituled An act for establishing regulations respecting aliens arriving in this kingdom, or resident therein, in certain cases.

Cap. 83. To explain so much of an act, made in the twenty-eighth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for the further regulation of the trials of controverted elections, or returns of members to serve in parliament, as relates to the time of presenting certain renewed petitions, and taking the same into consideration.

Cap. 84. For erecting a penitentiary house or houses for confining and employing convicts.

Cap. 85. To remove certain difficulties in the execution of the powers vested in the commissioners appointed by two acts, passed in the thirteenth year of the reign of Queen Anne, and in the eleventh year of the reign of King George the First, for making the river Nine or Nen, running from Northampton to Peterborough, navigable, so far as the same relate to the navigation between Peterborough and Thrapston bridge.

Cap. 86. For making and maintaining a navigable canal, with certain railways and done roads, from several collieries, in the county of Somerset, to communicate with the intended Rennet and Avon canal, in the parish of Bradford, in the county of Wilts.

Cap. 87. For extending and improving the Birmingham canal navigations.

Cap. 88. For taking down and rebuilding the parish church of Saint Alkmond, in the town of Shrewsbury, in the county of Salop.

Cap. 89 For paving the footways in the town of Abingdon, in the county of Berks; for better cleaning, lighting, and watching, the streets, lanes, passages, and places, in the said town; for removing and preventing incroachments, obstructions, nuisances, and annoyances therein; and for otherwise improving the said town.

Cap. 90. For making a navigable canal from the river Rennet, at or near the town of Newbury, in the county of Berks, to the river Avon, at or near the city of Bath, and also certain navigable cuts therein described.

Cap. 91. To continue the term, and enlarge the powers, of two acts made in the seventeenth year of the reign of His late majesty King George the Second, and the seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, for continuing the duty of two pennies Scots, or a sixth part of a penny sterling, upon every Scots pint of ale and beer, which shall be brewed for sale, brought into, tapped, or sold, within the town of Borrowstounness, and liberties thereof, in the county of Linlithgow, and for extending the same over the parish of Borrowstounness; for repairing the harbour of the said town; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 92. For making and maintaining a navigable canal from Wisbech river, at or near a place called the Old Sluice, in the town of Wisbech in the isle of Ely and county of Cambridge, to join the river Nene in the parish of Outwell, in the said isle of Ely, and in the county of Norfolk, and for improving and maintaining the navigation of the said river from Outwell church to Salters Load sluice.

Cap. 93. For making and maintaining a navigable canal from the Coventry canal, at or near Marston Bridge, in the parish of Bedworth, in the county of Warwick, to a certain close in the parish of Ashby de la Zouch, in the county of Leicester, and for continuing the same from thence in one line to the limeworks at Ticknall, in the county of Derby, and in another line to the limeworks at Cloudhill, in the said county of Leicester, with certain cuts or branches from the said canal.

Cap. 94. To enable the company of proprietors of the canal navigation from Leeds to Liverpool, to complete the said navigation, and to vary the line thereof, and to raise a further sum of money for those purposes; and for making a navigable branch, therein described, from the intended new line of the said canal.

Cap. 95. To alter and amend an act of the twenty-third year of his present Majesty, for improving the navigation of the river Trent; and for making and maintaining a navigable canal from the said river, in the parish of Beep on, to join the Nottingham canal, in the parish of Lenton, in the county of Nottingham, and also certain cuts on the side of the said river.

Cap. 96. For paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, watering, and otherwise improving and keeping in repair, the streets, squares, and other publick passages and places, which are and shall be made upon certain pieces of ground in the parishes of Saint Pancras, Saint George the Martyr, and Saint George Bloomsbury, or some or one of them, in the county of Middlesex, belonging to the hospital for the maintenance and education of exposed and deserted young children, commonly called The Foundling Hospital.

Cap. 97. For building a new shire hall for the county of Stafford.

Cap. 98. For the better relief, regulation, and employment of the poor, within the town of Bedford, in the county of Bedford.

Cap. 99. To continue the term and enlarge the powers of an act, made in the twelfth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for deepening, cleansing, scouring, preserving, and maintaining, the harbour of Ayr; for enlarging and improving the quays and piers; for erecting docks, breasts, jettees, and piers; and for regulating ships, lighters, and other vessels trading into and going out of the said harbour; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 100. To continue the term, and enlarge the powers, of an act, made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for repairing the roads in the county of Forfar, and for regulating the statute labour within the same; and for repairing several other roads in the said county, and for building a bridge over the river South Esk, near Finhaven.

Cap. 110. to enable his Majesty to grant, in fee simple, certain estates vested in him by reason of the attainders of the persons therein named, to the descendants of such attainted persons.

Cap. 102. For improving the outfall of the river Welland, in the county of Lincoln, and for the better drainage of the fen lands, low grounds, and marshes, discharging their waters through the same into the sea; and for altering and improving the navigation of the said river Welland, by means of a new cut, to commence below a certain place called The Reservoir, and to be carried from thence through the inclosed marshes, and open salt marshes, into Wyberton roads, between the port of Boston, and a place called The Scalp; and for disposing of the bare or white sands, adjoining to the said river; and for building a bridge over the said cut.

Cap. 103. For amending and altering certain acts of parliament, for making and maintaining a navigable canal, from the Coventry canal navigation, to the city of Oxford.

Cap. 104. To amend and enlarge the powers of an act passed in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the better paving, cleaning, and lighting the town of Cambridge, for removing and preventing obstructions and annoyances, and for widening the streets, lanes, and other passages, within the said town.

Cap. 105. For building a new bridge over the river Parrett, within the borough of Bridgewater, in the county of Somerset, and for repairing, maintaining, and extending the quays, in the port of Bridgewater aforesaid; for abolishing the ancient and accustomed duties, and for imposing certain new duties at the port of Bridgewater aforesaid, instead thereof; for regulating the moorings and stations of ships and vessels in the said port; and for imposing a certain toll on horses, carriages, and cattle.

Cap. 106. For paving, and otherwise improving, the town of Abergavenny, and the limits thereof, in the county of Monmouth.

Cap. 107. For taking down and rebuilding the parish church of Tipton, otherwise Tibbington, in the county of Stafford, and for enlarging the cemetery or burial ground belonging thereto.

Cap. 108. For regulating the manner of stocking and using the Marsh Common, otherwise the Salt Marsh, in the parish of Almondsbury, in the county of Gloucester.

Cap. 109. For making and maintaining a navigable canal from the town of Swansea, in the county of Glamorgan, into the parish of Ystradgunlais, in the county of Brecon.

Cap. 110. For embanking, and otherwise fencing from the sea, the lands on the sea coasts of the parish of Abergele, in the county of Denbigh, and Rhydlan Marsh, in the several parishes of Abergele aforesaid, and of Saint Asaph and Rhydlan, and the Franchise of Rhydlan, in the county of Flint, and sundry other marshes, commons, and waste lands, in the said parish of Rhydlan, and in the several parities of Diserth, and Meliden, in the said county of Flint; and to cut and make in or through the same, or some part thereof, one or more aqueducts, or other water-courses and drains; and to inclose, divide, and sell, competent parts of the said several marshes, commons, and waste lands, to defray the expences of the said works, and to raise a fund for the future repair and preservation thereof.

Cap. 111. To enable the rector of the parish of Saint Stephen, in the city of Bristol, for the time being, and the feoffees of the lands, tenements, and hereditaments, belonging to the same parish, to sell, and re-convey to the mayor, burgesses, and commonalty, of the city of Bristol, a certain plot of ground, situate within and belonging to the said parish, and for applying the monies arising by such sale, and certain other monies, to the purposes of an act passed in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for making commodious ways and passages within the parish of Saint Stephen, in the city of Bristol, and for enlarging the burying ground belonging to the said parish.

Cap. 112. For better regulating the harbour of Dover, in the county of Kent.

PUBLICK ACTS not printed in this Collection.

Cap. 113. To enable the trustees for the care of the road through the several parishes of Saint Michael, Saint Alban, Saint Peter, Shenley, Ridge, and South Mims, in the counties of Hertford and Middlesex, to purchase certain buildings and hereditaments for the purpose of making a new road at the entrance into the town of Saint Alban.

Cap. 114. For amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road from Norwich to Aylsham, in the county of Norfolk, and a certain part of the road leading from the said road towards Holt, in the said county.

Cap. 115. To enlarge the term and powers of three acts, passed in the eighteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and the tenth and twenty-eighth years of his present Majesty's reign, for repairing the road from Birmingham, in the county of Warwick, through Elmdon, to a lane leading by the end of Stone Bridge, in the said county.

Cap. 116. For enlarging the term and powers of an act, of the twelfth year of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from the Warwick road, near Solihul, to the guide post in Kenilworth, and from Stone Bridge, to meet the aforesaid road on Balsall Common, in the county of Warwick.

Cap. 117. For enlarging the term and powers of certain acts of parliament, for repairing several roads in the counties of Warwick, Stafford, and Worcester, so far as relates to the Dudley district of the said roads; and for amending certain other roads in the county of Stafford.

Cap. 118. For enlarging the term and powers of two acts of the twenty-sixth year of King George the Second, and the eighteenth year of his present Majesty, for widening and repairing the high road leading from Northallerton to the south wall of the church yard of the town of Thirsk, and from the south-east end of the street called Finkell Street, in Thirsk aforesaid, to and through the town of Easingwold, in the county of York, to a place called Burton Stone, near the city of York, and also the road from Thirsk aforesaid, to Topcliffe, in the north riding of the county of York.

Cap. 119. For enlarging the term and powers of two acts, of the twenty-ninth year of King George the Second, and the thirteenth year of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening several roads leading from the town of Kington, in the county of Hereford, and other roads within the said county; and also for making, amending, widening, and keeping in repair, certain other roads within the said county, adjoining, or lying near to, the roads comprized in the said acts.

Cap. 120. For amending and repairing the roads from a place called Scaddow Gate, in the parish of Ticknall, to the Burton upon Trent and Ashby de la Zouch turnpike road, at or near a place called The Wooden Box, and certain other roads therein mentioned, in the counties of Derby and Leicester.

Cap. 121. For enlarging the term and powers of three several acts, passed in the twenty-fifth and twenty-ninth years of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and the seventeenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the amending and widening of the road from Harrowgate, through Ripley and Ripon, to the north-east corner of Hutton Moor, and from the east end of Kirby Hill Aloor, to the town of Ripon aforesaid.

Cap. 122. For enlarging the term and powers of certain acts of parliament, for repairing the road leading from the town of Ludlow, in the county of Salop, through Woofferton and Little Hereford, to a place called Monk's Bridge, in the said county; and also, from the said town of Ludlow, to a place or house called The Maidenhead, at Orleton, in the county of Hereford.

Cap. 123. For enlarging the term and powers of certain acts of parliament for amending, widening, and keeping in repair several roads leading from the market house, and elsewhere, in the town of Ludlow, in the county of Salop, and also the road leading from the turnpike or side gate, in the parish of Ashford Bowdler, to the turnpike road on the Clee Hill, in the said county; and for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road from The Craven Arms, in the parish of Stanton Lacy, to Bowden, in the said county.

Cap. 124. For amending, widening, altering, diverting, and improving, the road leading from the town of Rochdale, to a place called Edenfield, in the parish of Bury, all in the county palatine of Lancaster.

Cap. 125. For altering, repairing, and widening, the road from Burtry Ford, in the county of Durham, to Alston, in the county of Cumberland, and from Alston aforesaid, by the dyke, to Burnstones, in the county of Northumberland.

Cap. 126. For repairing and widening the road leading from Saint Martin Stamford Baron to Kettering, and from Oundle to Middleton Lane, in the parish or hamlet of Middleton, in the county of Northampton.

Cap. 127. For continuing the term of so much of an act of the twelfth year of his present Majesty, as relates to the road from Carter's Bridge, in the parish of Chatteris, within the Isle of Ely, in the county of Cambridge, to The Forty Feet Bridge, in the parish of Ramsey, in the county of Huntingdon.

Cap. 128. For amending, widening, altering, and keeping in repair, the road from Dunchurch to Southam, in the county of Warwick.

Cap. 129. For repairing the road from Stirling to Dumbarton, and several other roads in the counties of Stirling, Dumbarton, and Perth.

Cap. 130. For enlarging the terms and powers of two acts, made in the twentieth and thirtieth years of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing the high road leading from the north end of the cow cawsey near the town of Newcastle upon Tyne, to the town of Belford, and from thence to Buckton Burn, in the county of Northumberland.

Cap. 131. To continue the term, and enlarge the powers, of several acts of parliament, for repairing the highways between Tyburn and Uxbridge, in the county of Middlesex, and for amending the road leading from Brent Bridge, over Hanwell Heath, through the parishes of Hanwell, New Brentford, and Ealing, to the great western road in the said county, and for lighting, watching, and watering the highway between Tyburn and Kensington Gravel Pits.

Cap. 132. For enlarging the term and powers of an act of the eleventh year of his present Majesty, for repairing the road between The Bear Inn, in Reading, and Puntfield, in the county of Berks, and several other roads in the said county.

Cap. 133. For amending, widening, altering, improving, and keeping in repair, the road from Wolverhampton, in the county of Stafford, to Ivetsey Bank, in the parish of Blimhill, in the said county.

Cap. 134. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of several acts of parliament therein mentioned, so far as the same relate to the repairing and amending of the roads leading from Leeds, through Bradford and Horton, and through Bowling and Wibsey, to Halifax, and also the roads called Bowling Lane and Little Horton Lane, in the west riding of the county of York.

Cap. 135. For more effectually amending, widening, and keeping in repair the roads leading from the town of Tewkesbury, in the county of Gloucester, to the several places therein mentioned, being the first district of roads described in two acts of parliament, passed in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and the fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, and for altering the course of part of the said roads; and also for making, and keeping in repair a road from Simmond's Ford Brook to the turnpike road leading to Evesham, in the county of Worcester, at or near Beckford Inn, in the said county of Gloucester, and from Gotherington to the turnpike road leading from Cheltenham to Stow on the Wold, at or near Sireford Inn, in the said county of Gloucester, and from Stump Cross, in the parish of Didbrock, to the town of Stow on the Wold, in the county of Gloucester aforesaid.

Cap. 136. For enlarging the term and powers of certain acts of parliament for repairing several roads in the counties of Worcester and Warwick, so far as relates to the road leading from the town of Bromsgrove to the town of Dudley, in the county of Worcester, and for making a more commodious road near the town of Dudley.

Cap. 137. For repairing and widening the road from a place called Black Grove, in the parish of Rawreth, over Battle's Bridge, to the town of Chelmsford, in the county of Essex.

Cap. 138. For making and repairing several roads leading across the county of Stirling.

Cap. 139. For making and repairing certain roads in the counties of Clackmanan and Perth.

Cap. 140. For enlarging the term and powers of an act, made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to continue the terms of two acts, made in the twenty-sixth and twenty-seventh years of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, for repairing several roads leading into the city of Glasgow, so far as the same relate to the roads from the city of Glasgow to Yoker Bridge, to Renfrew Bridge, to The Three Mile House, to the town of Airdrie, and from the village of Gorballs to the chapel of Cambuslang, in the counties of Lanerk and Renfrew, so far as respects the road from the toll house in Paisley Lane, at the west side of the entry to the new bridge of Glasgow, by or near Parkhouse, to the east end of the bridge at Renfrew, and from Parkhouse to The Three Mile House in the county of Lanerk; and for more effectually making, repairing, widening, and keeping in repair, the said roads.

Cap. 141. To continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers, of an act passed in the twelfth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening several roads from Aldermaston, in the county of Berks, to Basingstoke, and from Aldermaston aforesaid to the turnpike road from Basingstoke to Andover, at or near Worting, and to the turnpike road leading to Winchester, at Popham Lane, in the county of Southampton.

Cap. 142. To continue the term, and to reduce into one act the powders, of four several acts, passed in the fifth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, and in the ninth and thirty-third years of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and in the fifteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the road from Beaconsfield, in the county of Buckingham, to Stokenchurch, in the county of Oxford.

Cap. 143. For amending, and keeping in repair, the road leading from Lyne Bridge, through Longtown, to the Scotch Dyke, and from Longtown to the bridge over the river of Sark, in the county of Cumberland.

PRIVATE ACTS.

1. AN act for naturalizing Martin Walther Persent

2. An act for naturalizing Augustus William Bodecker.

3. An act for inclosing and otherwise improving certain lands and grounds within the lordship and township of Warter, in the east riding of the county of York.

4. An act for naturalizing Gerard Hullman and William Rudolf.

5. An act for naturalizing Elias Heintz.

6. An act for naturalizing George Benjoin.

7. An act for dividing and inclosing the common and open fields, meadows, commonable lands, and waste grounds, within the parish of Shelton, in the county of Bedford.

8. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the whole year lands, half year or shack lands, commons, and waste grounds, within the parish of Little Dunham, in the county of Norfolk.

9. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain moors, commons, and waste lands, lying and being within the parishes of Chapple Allerton, Biddisham, and Wear, in the county of Somerset.

10. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain common fields, downs, and commonable lands, in the manor and parish of Shilton, in the county of Berks.

11. An act for dividing and inclosing the common and waste grounds, within the manor or township of Clayton-le-Moors, within the parish of Whalley, in the hundred of Blackburn, in the county palatine of Lancaster.

12. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain moors, commons, and waste lands, lying and being in the parishes of Pilton and North Wotton, in the county of Somerset.

13. An act for dividing and inclosing the open common fields, common downs, commons, marshes, and waste lands, within the manors of Preston and Sutton Pointz, in the county of Dorset; and for extinguishing all right of common upon certain inclosed lands within the said manors.

14. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, and other commonable lands and grounds, within the parish of Little Compton, in the county of Gloucester.

15. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain moors, commons, or waste lands, called Little Mark Moor and Summer Leaze; and all the other open, common, or waste lands, in the marior of East Mark, within the parish of Mark, in the county of Somerset.

16. An act for naturalizing John Bergne.

17. An act for naturalizing Daniel Tolkien.

18. An act for naturalizing Christopher Brunswick.

19. An act for naturalizing Hieronimus Heinrich Zobell, commonly called Hieronimus Henry Zobell.

20. An act for naturalizing James Maze.

21. An act for vesting the estate at Little Woodhouse, in the county of York, devised by the will of Jeremiah Harrison gentleman, deceased, in trustees, to sell the same, and apply the money to arise by such sale in the purchase of other lands or hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof.

22. An act for dividing and inclosing the common and open fields, meadows, commonable lands, and waste grounds, in Winwick, in the counties of Huntingdon and Northampton.

23. An act for naturalizing Peter Rilliet.

24. An act for effectuating an exchange between the dean and canons of Windsor and Thomas Stoner esquire.

25. An act for vesting the Settled Estate of Thomas Walsingham Western Clerk, in the County of Sussex, in him and his Heirs, and for settling an Estate of greater Value in the County of Essex in lieu thereof, and in Exchange for the same.

26. An act for vesting the Estates devised by the Will of James Peachey Esquire, in the County of Hereford, in Trustees, to sell or exchange the same, and for Lying out the Money, arising by such Sale or Exchange, in the Purchase of other Hereditaments, to be settled to the Uses of the said Will.

27. An act for amending an Act passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for establishing and regulating a Charity, called Foxley Charity in the County of Northampton, founded by Lady Katherine Leveson.

28. An act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Common Meadows, and Pastures, Commonable and Waste Lands within the Manor and Parish of Longborough in the County of Gloucester.

29. An act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Half Year Lands, Lammas Meadows, Heaths, Foil Lands, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Tuddenham in the County of Suffolk.

30. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, Commonable Heath Grounds, and Waste Lands, within the Manor or Lordship and Parish of Empingham in the County of Rutland.

31. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing a Tract of Common or Waste Land, Part of the Forest of Mendip, lying within the Manor and Parish of East Harptry in the County of Somerset.

32. An act for dividing and allotting the Open and Common Fields, Open Downs, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Lands within the several Manors of Keevil, Idmaston, Fittleton, and Chisenbury de la Folly, in the County of Wilts.

33. An act for dividing, inclosing, and allotting certain Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands lying and being within the Manor and Parish of East Brent in the County of Somerset.

34. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Downs, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Places within the Parish of Quarley in the County of Southampton.

35. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain Open and Common Arabic Fields, and a Common Meadow, within the Manor and Parish of Tintinhull in the County of Somerset.

36. An act for dividing and inclosing certain Open and Common Town Fields within the Manor and Township of Crawcrook, in the Parish of Ryton in the County Palatine of Durham.

37. An act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and Common Grounds within the Lordship or Liberty of Diseworth in the County of Leicester.

38. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds within the Township of Hoyland, in the Parish of Wath upon Hern in the West Riding of the County of York.

39. An act for dividing and inclosing certain Moors, Commons, or Tracts of Waste Land within the Parish and Manor of Chester in the County Palatine of Durham.

40. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of Long Bennington and Foston in the County of Lincoln.

41. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons or Waste Lands, called Claife Heights, or Claife Commons, except a certain Plot of Land, called The Heald, within the Township or Division of Claife, in the Parish of Hawkshead in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

42. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the several Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, a Stinted Pasture, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds in the Parish of East Camell, otherwise Queen Camell, in the County of Somerset.

43. An act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Waste Lands and Grounds within the Manor and Parish of Wendover in the County of Buckingham.

44. An act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Ings, Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds within the Township of Skelton, in the Canon, Fee, Manor, and Parish of Ripen in the West Riding of the County of York.

45. An act to enable Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh Baronet, to take, use, and bear the Surname and Arms of Evelyn.

46. An act to enable Mary Webster Widow, and others, to grant building and repairing Leases of the Estates devised to them by Edward Webster Esquire, in the Parish of Saint John, Southwark, in the County of Surrey.

47. An act for dividing, inclosing, draining, and improving the Open Fields, Ings, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Old Malton in the North Riding of the County of York.

48. An act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands in the Parish of Burford in the County of Oxford.

49. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Carr Lands, Furze Leas, Waste Lands, and other Lands in the Parishes of Saint Mary South Kelsey and Saint Nicholas South Kelsey, within the Manor or Lordship of South Kelsey in the County of Lincoln, and for extinguishing all Rights of Common and Sheep Walks in and over the same.

50. An act for dividing, allotting, exchanging, and inclosing the Whole Year Lands, Open Field Lands, Commonable Marshes, Commons, and Waste Lands within the Parish of Thornham in the County of Norfolk.

51. An act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Pastures, Commons, and Wastes within the Township of Tilthorpe, in the Parish of Kirkbourn in the East Riding of the County of York, and for making a Compensation in lieu of the Tithes thereof, and of the ancient inclosed Lands in the same Township.

52. An act for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields and Downs, Commonable Meadows, and other Open and Commonable Lands and Grounds within the several Tithings of Roundway, Bedborough, Chittoe, and Bishop< Cannings, and in the Parish of Marden in the County of Wilts.

53. An act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures or Commons within the Township of Walkington in the East Riding of the County of York.

54. An act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds in the Parish of Broughton in the County of Huntingdon.

55. An act to enable Thomas Brereton Esquire, and Mary his Wife, and her first and other Sons and their Issue Male, and her Daughter, if she shall have only one, and the issue of such Daughter, to take, use, and bear the Name and Arms of Westfailing, pursuant to the Will of Herbert Westfailing Esquire, deceased.

56. An act to confirm and establish an Award made between the Right Reverend Father in God Spencer Lord Bishop of Peterborough, and the Coheirs of William Ash Esquire, deceased, and other Persons entitled to, and interested in, the several Freehold, Leasehold, and Copyhold Estate, late of the said William Ash, situate and being in Paston, Gunthorpe, and Peterborough in the County of Northampton, (the Leasehold Parts whereof are Parts of the Possessions of or belonging to the See of Peterborough, and the of Parts thereof are held of Manors also belonging to the same See,) in order to divide, ascertain, and determine the respective Parts of the said Estates, and the Boundaries thereof, and to distinguish the Leasehold and of from the Freehold Parts of the same Estates, late of the said William Ash deceased.

57. An act to carry into Execution certain Articles of Agreement entered into between Christopher, late Lord Bishop of Bristol, and Messieurs Benjamin Gott and Harry Wormald, and also to enable the Devisees in the Will of the said late Lord Bishop to renew Building Leases of Parts of his Estate in the Parish of Leeds in the County of York, in Performance of Covenants contained in such Leases, and to grant Building Leases of other Parts of the same Estate, with like Covenants for Renewal.

58. An act for vesting Part of the Settled Estate of William Willson Esquire, and Bridget his Wife, in Trustees, to be conveyed to John Lambton Esquire, on Payment of the Sum of three thousand one hundred and forty-two Pounds seventeen Shillings and Two Pence, and for laying out the same Sum in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof.

59. An act for allowing Timber to be cut upon certain Estates settled by the Will of Bernard Brocas Esquire, and for applying and laying out the Money to arise therefrom in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses.

60. An act to empower the Lord Mayor and Aldermen of the City of London, Governors of Emanuel Hospital in or near Westminster, to extend and increase the Objects of that Charity.

61. An act for empowering Trustees to convey to Sir Joseph Banks Baronet, a Part of the Settled Estates of Elisha Biscoe Esquire, pursuant to his Contract for the Purchase thereof, and to sell or exchange other Parts of the said Settled Estates, and to lay out the Money arising from the Sales in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled, as well as those taken in Exchange, to the Uses of the Estates that shall be so sold or exchanged.

62. An act for establishing and confirming certain Articles of Agreement for an Exchange between the Principal and Scholars of the Kings Hall and College of Brazen Nose in Oxford, and Edward Loveden Loveden of Buscot Park in the County of Berks, Esquire.

63. An act to enable Trustees to sell and dispose of certain Leasehold Messuages and Premises, situate in the Parish of Saint Ann Westminster, devised by the Will of Lumley Arnold Esquire, deceased, and for laying out the Monies to arise thereby in the Purchase of Freehold Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled, as nearly as may be, upon the same Trusts as by the said Will are declared of and concerning the said Leasehold Premises.

64. An act to enable Saint Andrew Saint John Esquire, and, after his Death, other Persons, to grant Leases of his Estate in the Parish of Saint John Wapping, in the County of Middlesex.

65. An act for uniting the Rectory and Parish Church of Saint Nicholas South Kelsey, in the County of Lincoln, with the adjoining Rectory and Parish Church of Saint Mary South Kelsey, from and after the next Avoidance of either Benefice.

66. An act to enable the Trustees of certain Lands in Manchester in the County of Lancaster, called Mayes Charity Lands, to convey in Fee or grant Leases under reserved yearly Rents.

67. An act for vesting Part of the Settled Estates of Sir John Honywood Baronet, in Trustees, to be sold or exchanged, and for applying Part of the Money arising by Sale in discharging Mortgages on other Parts of the Settled Estates, and for laying out the Residue in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses.

68. An act to dissolve the Marriage of Bernard Edward Howard Esquire, with the Right Honourable Lady Elizabeth Belasyse his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

69. An act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Uninclosed Fields, Arable, Meadow, and Pasture Lands, Commons, or Waste Grounds within the several Townships of Elloughton, Brough, and Walby, in the Parish of Elloughton, in the East Riding of the County of York.

70. An act for confirming and establishing the Division, Allotment, and Inclosure of certain Open or Common Fields and Common Field Lands, and a Common Lot Mead, within the Manor and Parishes of Old Sodbury and Little Sodbury in the County of Gloucester.

71. An act for dividing and allotting the several Open Common Fields, Commons, Downs, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds in the Parish of Compton, otherwise Compton Beauchamp, in the County of Berks.

72. An act for dividing and allotting the Open and Uninclosed Fields, Downs, Commons, and other Open and Commonable Lands and Grounds within the Manor of Houghton, in the Parish of Houghton, in the County of Southampton.

73. An act for dividing and inclosing the Commons or Moors and Waste Grounds within the Townships of Feliskirk and Sutton under Whitstoncliffe, in the Parish of Feliskirk in the North Riding of the County of York.

74. An act for dividing and allotting the Open, Uninclosed, and Commonable Lands and Grounds within the Manor of Tolpudle in the County of Dorset.

75. An act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Common Pastures within the several Manors or Districts of Lamport and Hanging Houghton, in the Parish of Lamport in the County of Northampton.

76. An act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields and Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds within the Parish of Akely cum Stockholt in the County of Buckingham.

77. An act to divide, improve, allot, and inclose the Open Fields, Meadows, Commons, Heath Grounds, and other Open and Uninclosed Lands in the Parish of Skillington in the County of Lincoln, and also certain Parts of a Common or Heath Ground, called The Intercommon, within or adjoining to the same.

78. An act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds in the Parish of Arnesby in the County of Leister.

79. An act for dividing, inclosing, and improving the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds within the Manor or Lordship of Belton in the County of Rutland.

80. An act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds within Tower Pillarton, otherwise Nether Pillarton, otherwise Pillardington, in the County of Warwick.

81. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing divers Common Fields, Common Woods, Common Downs, and other Commonable Places within the Manor and Parish of Crawley in the County of Southampton, and of certain Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Places within the Parish of Bishops Sutton in the said County.

82. An act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Wolds, Common, and Waste Ground within the Parish of Wolvey in the County of Warwick.

83. An act for allotting and inclosing the Fields, Moors, and Waste Lands within the Hamlet of Martin in the Parish of Timberland in the County of Lincoln.

84. An act to amend an Act passed in the thirty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands within the Manor and Parish of Mold in the County of Flint.

85. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Common Fields, Half Year Lands, Lammas Meadows, Commons, and Waste Lands within the Parish of Shouldham and Shouldham Thorpe, otherwise Garboise Thorpe, in the County of Norfolk.

86. An act for dividing and inclosing the Lands and Grounds lying and being in a certain Open and Common Field called Portfield, in the Parish of Newport Pagnel in the County of Buckingham.

87. An act for dividing, allotting, inclosing, and improving the Commons, Common Meadows, and Common Fields in the Parish of Wellington in the County of Hereford; and for extinguishing the Right of Common upon certain Common Meadows within the said Parish.

88. An act for dividing allotting, draining, and inclosing the Common and Waste Grounds within the Manor and Township of Tushingham cum Grindley, in the Parish of Malpas in the County of Chester.

89. An act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Fens, Commonable and Waste Lands in the Parish of New Sleaford in the County of Lincoln, and in the Hamlet of Holdingham within the said Parish, and in the Parish of Quarrington in the said County.

90. An act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, Waste, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds within the Parish of Southnewington, otherwise Southnewton, in the County of Oxford.

91. An act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands And Waste Grounds in the Township of Bottesford and Hamlet of Yaddlethorpe, in the Parish of Bottesford in the County of Lincoln.

92. An act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields and Common in the Township of Althorpe in the County of Lincoln, and for draining the same, and certain inclosed Lands within the said Township.

93. An act for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands and Grounds in the several Parishes of Elmore and Brockworth; and also for dividing, inclosing, and allotting a certain Open and Common Field, called Calmsden Field, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, within the Manor of Calmsden, in the Parish of North Cerney in the County of Gloucester.

94. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Common Droves and Waste Lands in the Parish of Fleet in County of Lincoln; and for altering an Act of Parliament, passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for draining, preserving, and improving certain Lands lying in the several Parishes of Spalding, (including the Hamlets of Cowbit and Peakill,) Weston, Moulton, Whapload, Holbeach, Fleet, Gedney, Sutton Saint Mary, and Sutton Saint Nicholas, otherwise Lutton, all in South Holland in the County of Lincoln.

95. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields and Waste Lands within the Common Fields in the Parish of Upton Gray in the County of Southampton.

96. An act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Woodbinds, Commons, and Waste Grounds within the Township, Precincts, or Territories of Sutton Cheney, alias Sutton Chenell, in the parish of Market Bosworth in the County of Leicester.

97. An act for dividing and inclosing the several Common and Waste Lands within the Manor and Parish of Sutton in Ashfield in the County of Nottingham.

98. An act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands within the Parish of Faldingworth in the County of Lincoln.

99. An act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Ings, Common and Waste Grounds within the Parish of Rufforth in the County of the City or York.

100. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields of Baresby and South Croxton in the County of Leicester, and the Open Meadows and Pastures, and other Parcels of Meadow and Pasture Land and Commons, Commonable Places, and Waste Lands used or enjoyed therewith.

101. An act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Moors, Common Pastures, and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds in the Parish of South Witham in the County of Lincoln.

102. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands within the Parish of Ilkeston in the County of Derby.

103. An act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Heath, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds in the Lordships or Liberties of Thornton and Bagworth, in the Parish or Thornton in the County of Leicester.

104. An act for naturalizing John Thuiller.

105. An act for empowering the Judges of the Court of Session in Scotland to sell such Parts of the Lands and Barony of Renton in the County of Berwick, formerly belonging to Sir Alexander Stirling, late of Glorat, Baronet, now deceased, and now descending to Sir John Stirling of Glorat, baronet, his Son, as may be sufficient to pay off the Debts affecting the said Lands and Barony.

106. An act for effectuating an Exchange between James Lord Bishop of Litchfield and Coventry and Sir Richard Hill Baronet.

107. An act for effecting a Settlement of the Freehold and of Estate of Dame Harriot the Wife of Sir John Saunders Sebright Baronet, late Harriot Croftes Spinster, pursuant to Articles executed previous to their Marriage, notwithstanding the Infancy of the said Dame Harriot Sebright.

108. An act to enable Joseph Robinson Pease Esquire, and Anne his Wife, and Robert Copeland Pease Esquire, and the Guardians of the Children of the said Joseph Robinson Pease and Robert Copeland Pease respectively, during their Minority, to grant Building Leases of certain Messuages, Mills, Lands, Grounds, Tenements, and Hereditaments in the Town and County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, and in the Parishes of Sculcoates and Drypool in the County of York.

109. An act to enable the Honourable and Right Reverend James Lord Bishop of Ely, and his Successors, to grant, by several Leases, an Estate in the Isle of Ely, now held under one Lease.

110. An act to enable the Rector of the Parish and Parish Church of Clapham in the County of Surrey, for the Time being, to grant Leases of the Glebe belonging to the said Rectory.

111. An act to enable Thomas Lane Esquire to grant Building, Repairing, and Improving Leases of Estates, devised to him by Henry Bosville Esquire deceased, in the Counties of Kent, Essex, Sussex, and Surrey.

112. An act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Pastures, Commons, and Wattes within the Township of Lund, in the Parish of Lund in the East Riding of the County of York, and for making a Compensation in lieu of the Tithes thereof, and of the Lands already inclosed in the same Township.

113. An act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands within the Parish of Coarse in the County of Gloucester.

114. An act for naturalizing John Anthony Rucker.

END of the TABLE.

THE

STATUTES at Large, &c.

---

Anno regni GEORGII III. Regis, -nee Britannice, Franc ice,

tricesimo quarto.

AT the parliament begun and holder at Westminster, the twenty-fifth day of November, Anno Domini 1790, in the thirty-first year of the reign of our sovereign lord GEORGE the by the grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, defender of the &c. And

from thence continued, by fe prorogations, to the twenty-first day of January, 1794; being the fourth session of the seventeenth parliament of Great Britain.

CAP. I.

An act for raising the sum of eleven millions by way of annuities.

[Feb. 20, 1794.]

Most gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

* your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects the commons of Great Britain in parliament assembled, being desirous to raise the necessary supplies which we have chearfully granted to your Majesty in this section of parliament, have resolved, that the sum of eleven millions be raised by annuities, in manner herein after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority

4* Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. i.

[1794.

Every contri-

of the same, That every contributoV towards raising the said to^be intitled*um ^e^even millions, shall, for everyone hundred pounds con* to an annuity tributed and paid, be intitled to the principal sum of one hundred of 3l. per ann. pounds in annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum person 100L from annum, and to a further principal sum of twenty-five pounds in an^rniuitv'of annuities> after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, re-jl. onasl.trom deemable by parliament j the said annuity after the rate of three Oct. 10, 1793; pounds per centum per annum to commence from the fifth day of and an annul- "January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, and the for^1 years3 annuity after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum to

months from commence from the tenth day of October one thousand seven hun-the said 0&. dred and ninety-three; and shall also be intitled, in respect of' to Paid every such one hundred pounds so contributed, to a further annu-of the^consoli- ltY e^even shillings and five-pence, to continue for a certain dated fund. term of sixty-six years and three months, from the tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, and then to cease; and that the said annuities after the rate of three pounds and of four pounds per centum, and of eleven shillings and five-pence, in respect of each one hundred pounds so to be contributed as aforesaid, shall be charged and chargeable upon, and are hereby charged upon, and made payable out of, the consolidated fund, and shall be payable and transferrable at the bank of England; and the said annuity after the rate of three pounds per cen- turn shall be paid half-yearly, on the fifth day of July and the fifth day of January in every year; and the said annuity after the rate of four pounds per centum shall be paid half-yearly, on the fifth day of April and the tenth day of October in every year; and the said annuity of eleven shillings and five-pence to continue fora certain term of sixty-six years and three months from the said tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, and then to cease, shall be paid half-yearly, on the fifth day of April and the tenth day of October in every year.

II. And whereas, pursuant to> and upon the terms and conditions expressd in the said restation, several persons have, in books opened at the bank of England for that purpof, subscribed together the whole of the said sum of eleven millions to be raised by annuities, and made de- posts of ten pounds per centum on the respective sums by them so subscribed to the said sum of eleven millions to be raised by annuities, with the caf iers of the governor and company of the bank of England; be Contributors therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for such made^d^ofits contr^utors who have made such deposits with the cashier or cast the bank fibers of the governor and company of the bank of England, (which may pay the cashier or cashiers is and are hereby appointed the receiver and remainder of receivers of such contributions, without any other warrant to be tions b^nftaTn ^at behalf), to advance and pay unto the said cashier or snents/*cashiers of the governor and company of the bank of England, the several remainders of the sums by them respectively subscribed towards the said sum of eleven millions, at or before the respective days and times, and in the proportions herein after limited and appointed in that behalf; (that is to say), the further sum of ten pounds per centum on or before the fifteenth day of April one

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. x. 411.

thousand seven hundred and ninety-four; the further sum of ten pounds per centum on or before the sixth day of June then ne*t following; the further sum of ten pounds per centum on or beforb the eighteenth day of July then next following; the further sum of fifteen pounds per centum on or before the twenty-ninth day of August then next following; the further sum of fifteen pounds per centum on or before the seventeenth day of October then next following; the further sum of fifteen pounds/w centum on or before the twenty-eighth day of November then next following; and the remaining sum of fifteen pounds/>*Tovzta; yzon or before the thirteenth day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Guardians it shall and may be lawful for any guardian or trustee having the disposition of the money of any infant, to contribute and pay for or towards advancing the said sum of eleven millions to be raised by annuities in manner aforesaid, and such infant, upon the payment

of such sum or sums subscribed by such guardian or trustee, shall become a contributor within the meaning of this act, and be intitled to have and receive the annuities, advantages, and payments in respebi thereof, in such and the like manner as any other contributor; and the said guardian and trustee, as to the said sum or sums so advanced, is hereby discharged, so as the name of such infant be expressed in the receipt or receipts for such money.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every contributor paying Contributors in the whole of the sums by them respectively subscribed in respebi allowed of the said sum of eleven millions, to be contributed as aforesaid, subscHption* at any time before the twenty-seventh day of November one thou- paid in ad-land seven hundred and ninety-four, shall be intitled to an allow- vance.

ance of so much money as the interest of each sum so paid in advance, for completing his, her or their contribution respecti vely, shall amount unto, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annumy from the day of completing the same, to the thirteenth day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, in respebi of the sum paid on account of the said sum of eleven millions; v

which allowance is to be paid by the said cashier or caftiiers, out of the money to be contributed in pursuance of this act, as soon as such respective contributors, their executors, administrators, successors, and assigns, shall have completed such payment.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Annuities to the several subscribers or contributors, their executors, adminif- bepaidhalf-trators, successors, and assigns, in respebi of the said sum of eleven till^u^scrip-^ millions, shall be intitled to an annuity after the rate of three tionsarecom-pounds^r centum, for every one hundred pounds, by him, her, pleted.

or them respectively advanced and paid, to commence from the fifth day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, until redemption, by parliament, in manner herein after mentioned; and shall also be intitled in respebi of every such one hundred pounds so advanced and paid to a further annuity, after the rate of four pounds per centum in respebi of the additional principal sum of twenty-five pounds, from the tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, until redemption, by parliament,

413 Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. x.

[1794.

in manner herein after mentioned; and shall also be intitled, in respect of every such one hundred pounds so advanced and paid, to a further annuity of eleven shillings and five-pence, to continue for the term of sixty-six years and three months, from the tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, and then to cease; which said respective annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum, and of four pounds per centum, and of eleven shillings and five*pence, shall be payable and paid half yearly, by even and equal portions; (that is to say), the said annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum^ on the fifth day of July and the fifth day of January in every year; and the said annuity, after the rate of four pounds per centum, on the fifth day of April and the tenth day of October in every year; and the said annuity of eleven shillings and five-pence on the said fifth day of April and the said tenth day of October in every year; the first: payment upon the said annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum, to be due on the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four; and on the said annuity, after the rate of four pounds per centum, on the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four; and cn the said annuity of eleven shillings and five-pence on the said fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, but shall not be payable until the respective subscribers or contributors, their executors, administrators, successors, or assigns, shall have completed the whole of the sums by them subscribed for the purchase, of the said annuities.

[Contributors

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every such contributor or contribu-paying the tors, his, her, or their executors, administrators, and assigns, whole of their wh0 ^a]j have paid jnt0 the hands of the said cashier or cashiers by the^times the whole of his, her, or their contributon money, on or before herein specifi- the second day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-ed, to be inti-four, shall be inti tied to have and receive on the fifth day of nuities at\er- ^Pr '^ one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, at the tain periods. - bank of England, the half year's annuity, after the rate of four pounds per centum, and the half year's annuity, after the rate of eleven shillings and five-pence, that shall become due on the said fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four; and that all and every person or persons who shall have completed the whole of his, her, or their said payment or payments on or before the second day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, on or before the seventh day of October ofte thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, or on or before the second day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, respectively, shall be intided on the day next ensuing on which any dividend shall become due by virtue of this act to receive the half year's annuity, after the rate of three pounds per centumy four pounds per centum, or eleven shillings and five-pence, or any of them, which by virtue of this act shall become due on such day respectively, or shall have become due at.any day preceding, and shall not have been paid by virtue of this-add; and that all

4*3

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. i.

and every person or persons who HialI not have completed the whole of their said payments on or before the said second day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, shall, oil completing the same within the time in this act prescribed, be then intitled to receive the whole of one year's annuity on each of the said several annuities by this act granted from the tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety* three, and the fifth day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, respectively, according to the true intent and meaning of this act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all the annuities aforesaid Annuitiespay-shall be payable, and paid, and be transferrable at the bank of able at England; and, as to the said annuities of three pounds per centum> and of four pounds^r centum, shall be subject to such redemption as is herein after mentioned.

VIII. And for the more easy and fare payment of all the several annuities established by this act, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, "That the said governor and company of the bank The bank to of England, and their successors, shall, from time to time, until appoint a ca-all the said annuities shall be redeemed or determined, appoint eountamt. pe-and employ one or more sufficient person or persons within their neral, and the office in the city of London to be their chief or first cashier or ca- treafary to or* fhiers, and one other sufficient person within the same office to be j*er nrioney to their accountant general; and that so much of the monies by this ^{hier to^aft appropriated for the purpose as shall be sufficient from time to

time to answer the said several and respective annuities and other payments herein directed to be made out of the said monies, shall, by order of the commissioners of the treasury, or any three or more of them, or the high treasurer for the time being, without any further warrant to be sued for, had, or obtained in that behalf, from time to time, at the respective days of payment in this act appointed for payment thereof, be issued and paid at the receipt of the exchequer to the said first or chief cashier or cashiers of the said governor and company of the bank of England, and their successors for the time being, by way ofimprest, and upon account for the payment of the said several and respective annuities payable by virtue of this act; and that such cashier or cashiers to Cashier to pay whom the said money shall from time to time be issued, shall, an nui ties with- from time to time, without delay, pay the same accordingly, accountant and render his or their accounts thereof according to the due general to in-course of the exchequer; and that the said accountant gene-i'pect his acral for the time being shall from time to time inspect and exa- C0LUlts* mine all receipts and payments of the said cashier or cashiers, and the vouchers relating thereto, in order to prevent any fraud, negligence, or delay.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the cashier or cashiers of Cashiertogive the governor and company of the bank of England, who shall have receipts for received, or shall receive any part of the said contributions towards the said sum of eleven millions, shall give a receipt or re- assigne^bftore ceipts in writing, to every such contributor, for all such sums, Dec. io, 1794* and that the receipts to be given shall be assignable, by indorsement thereupon made, at any time before the tenth day of December

security, and pay money within five days after received, into the exchequer,

414 Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 1. [1794.

cember one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, and no longer: Cashier to give provided always, That such cashier or cashiers shall give fe--A curity to the good liking of any three or more of the commissioners of the treasury, or the high treasurer for the time being, for duly answering and paying into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, for the publick use, all the monies which they have already received, and shall hereafter receive, from time to time, of and for the said sum of eleven millions, and for accounting duly for the same, and for performance of the trust hereby in them reposed, and shall, from time to time, pay all such monies as soon as he or they shall receive the same, or any part thereof, or within five days afterwards, at the farthest, into, and shall account for the same in the exchequer, according to the due course thereof, deducing the reout such sums as shall have been paid by him or them in pursuance of this act, for which sums so paid allowance shall be made in his or their accounts.

X. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in the

A book to be

countant^ge-0 ce the accountant general of the governor and company of the bank of England for the time being, a book or books shall be in which the names of the contributors shall

nerril's office for entering contributor's names, a duplicate of which shall be

Contributors duly paying their subscriptions to be intitled to their annuities free from taxes.

provided and kept,

be fairly entered; which book or books the said respective contributors, their respective executors, administrators, successors, and assigns, shall and may, from time to time, and at all seasonable transmitted to times, resort to, and inspect, without any fee or charge; and the auditor of that the said accountant general shall, on or before the fifth day x " " of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, transmit an

attested duplicate, fairly written on paper, of the said book or books, into the office of the auditor of the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, there to remain for ever.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That such contributors duly paying the whole sum so subscribed, at or before the respective times in this act limited in that behalf, and their respective executors, administrators, and assigns, shall have, receive, and enjoy, and be inti tied by virtue of this act, to have, receive, and enjoy the said several annuities by this act granted, in respect of the sum so subscribed out of the monies granted and appropriated in this session of parliament for payment thereof, and shall have good and sure interests and estates therein, according to the several provisions in this act contained, as well in respect of the said transferrable annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, and of four pounds per centum per annum, as of eleven shillings and five-pence per annum, payable and transferrable at the bank of England; and that the said several annuities shall be free from all taxes, charges, and impositions whatsoever.

XII. Provided always, That in case any such contributors who have already deposited with, or shall hereafter pay to the said cashier or cashiers, any sum or sums of money, at the time, and in the manner herein-before mentioned, in part of the sum or sums so by them respectively subscribed, or their respective executors,

Subscriptions paid in part, and not completed, to be forfeited.

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. r. 415

administrators, successors, or assigns, shall not advance and pay tohe said cashier or cashiers the residue of the sum or sums lb subscribed at the times and in the manner before mentioned; then* and in every such case, so much of the respective sum or sums so subscribed, as shall have been actually paid in part thereof, to the said cashier or cashiers, shall be forfeited for the benefit of the publick, and all right and title to the said annuities, after the rate of three pounds and of four pounds per centum per annum, and of eleven shillings and five-pence per annum, in respect thereof, shall be extinguished; any thing in this ac! contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That as soon as any contributors, their executors, administra- Asfoonassub-tors, successors, or assigns, shall have completed their payments ^r^tj0.n'\are of the whole sum payable by them respectively, towards the said they may be sum of eleven millions, the principal sum or sums so by them transferred at subscribed and paid respectively, shall forthwith be, ir\ the books the bank, of the bank of England, placed to the credit of such respective contributors, their executors, administrators, successors, and assigns completing such payments respectively; and the persons to whose credit such principal sums shall be so placed, their respective executors, administrators, successors, and alligns, shall', and may have power to assign and transfer the same, or any part, share, or proportion thereof, to any other person or persons, body or bodies politick or corporate whatsoever, in the books of the bank of England; and such sums shall carry the several annuities, after the rate of three pounds and of four pounds per centum per annum respectively, redeemable by parliament, and the annuity of eleven shillings and five-pence per annum for sixty-six years and three months, and then to cease; and shall be taken and deemed to be flock transferrable, according to the true intent and meaning of this act, until redemption of the said annuities, after the rate of three pounds and of four pounds per centum per annum, in such manner as is herein after mentioned, and until the determination of the said annuity of eleven shillings and five-pence per annum at the expiration of the said period of sixty-six years and three months.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all persons who shall be intitled to any of the annuities Annuities to hereby granted in respect of the said eleven millions, and all per- be deemed persons lawfully claiming under them, shall be possessed thereof as of

a personal estate, which shall not be descendible to heirs, nor liable to any foreign attachment by the custom of London, or otherwise; any law, statute, or custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for three or more of the com- Treasury may missioners of the treasury, or the high treasurer for the time be- apply the mo* ing, to issue and apply, from time to time, all such sums of money P^1T as shall be so paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer by C3ct the said cashier or cashiers, to such ferviees as shall then have

416 Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. i.

[1794.

been voted by the commons of Great Britain in this present session of parliament.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Accountant That books shall be constantly kept by the said accountant gene-ke^jTbooksfor ra^or ^me being, wherein all alignments or transfers of all registering sums advanced or contributed towards the said sum of eleven mil-

transfers. lions, shall at all seasonable times be entered and registered

which entry shall be conceived in proper words for that purpose, and shall be signed by the parties making such alignments or transfers, or, if such parties be absent, by their respective attorney or attornies thereunto lawfully authorised, in writing, under his or their hand and seal, or hands and seals, to be attested by two or more credible witnesses; and that the several persons to whom such transfers shall be made, shall respectively underwrite their acceptance thereof, and that no other method of aligning and transferring the said annuities or any part thereof, or any interest therein, shall be good or available inlaw: provided always. Stock may be That all persons polfeied of any share or interest in either of the

dtvicedbywill, fl-QC^s of annuities, or any estate or interest therein, may de-which must be r, r..'. n, 5 J.

entered with vile the same by will, in writing atteited by two or more credi-

the accountant ble witnesses; but that no payment shall be made upon any such

general.

Transfers not to be liable to stamp duty.

devise until so much of the said will as relates to such share, estate, or interest in the said stocks of annuities, be entered in the said office; and that in default of such transfer or devise, such share, estate, or interest in the said stocks of annuities, shall go to the executors, administrators, successors, and assigns$ and that no stamp duties whatsoever shall be charged on any of the said transfers; any law or statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That out of the monies arising from the contributions towards raising the said sum of eleven millions by annuities, any three or more of the commissioners of the treasury.

Treasury to defray incidental expen-cesoutof contributions, and or the high treasurer for th to allow salaries to the cashier and accountant ge-ral.

time being, shall have power to dif-

The 3 per cents, under this act to be

charge all such incident charges as shall necessarily attend the execution of this act, in such manner as to them shall seem just and reasonable, and also to settle and appoint such allowances as shall be thought proper for the service, pains, and labour of the said cashier or cashiers, for receiving, paying, and accounting for the said contributions, and also shall have power to make out of the consolidated fund such further allowances as shall be judged reasonable for the service, pains, and labour of the said cashier or cashiers, for receiving, paying, and accounting for the said annuities payable by virtue of this act, and also for the service, pains, and labour of the said accountant general, for performing the trust reposed in him by this act; all which allowances, to be made as aforesaid, in respect of the service, pains, and labour of any officer or officers of the said governor and company, shall be for the use and benefit of the said governor and company, and at their disposal only.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Thatlill the monies tQ which any person or persons shall become

intided

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. i. 417

intided by virtue of this act, in respect of any sum advanced or added to contributed towards the said sum of eleven millions, on which the said respective annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum. ceijts.; per annum shall be attending, shall be added to the joint stock of annuities transferable at the bank of England, into which the le-veral sums carrying an interest after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, were, by several acts made in the twenty-fifth* twenty-eighth, twenty-ninth, thirty-second, and thirty-third years of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and by several subsequent acts, consolidated, and shall be deemed part of the said joint stock of annuities, subject nevertheless to redemption by parliament, in such manner and upon such notice as in the said act: made in the twenty-fifth year of his said late (Via- jesty's reign, is directed in respect of the several and respective annuities redeemable by virtue of the said act; and that all and every person and persons, and corporations whatsoever, in proportion to the money to which he, file, or they shall become inti tied as aforesaid by virtue of this afte, shall have, and be deemed to have, a proportional interest and share in the said joint stock of annuities at the rates aforesaid.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That and the 4- per all the monies to which any person or persons shall become in- 

titled by virtue of this act, in respect of any sum advanced or ^pgVcents? contributed towards the said sum of eleven millions, on which the said annuity after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum shall be attending, shall be added to the joint stock of annuities, transferrable at the bank of England, into which the several lums carrying an interest after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, were, by two acts made in the twentieth and twenty-fir it years of the reign of his present Majesty, and by several subsequent acts, converted, and shall be deemed part of the said joint stock of annuities, subject nevertheless to redemption by parliament in such manner, and upon such notice as in the said acts are directed in respect of the annuities redeemable by virtue of the said acts; and that all and every person and persons, and corporations \vhatsoever, in proportion to the money to which he, she, or they shall become inti tied as aforesaid by virtue of this act, shall have, and be deemed to have, a proportional interest and share in the said joint stock of annuities, at the rate aforesaid.

XX. And be it further enacted by the auhority aforesaid, That Annuities of

all the said annuities, after the rate of eleven shillings and five- 1 \s: to be

'r r r added to the

pence per annum, to continue lor a certain term or sixty-ux years annaities for

and three months, from the tenth day of October one thousand 99 anq 98 seven hundred and ninety-three, and then to cease, to which any years, person or persons, bodies politick and corporate, shall be intided by virtue of this act, in respect of any sum or sums of money advanced or contributed towards raising the said sum of eleven millions as aforesaid, shall be added to and made one joint stock with certain annuities which, by two acts made in the first and second years of the reign of his present Majesty, were granted and made payable at the bank of England\ for the respective terms

ot

4 1 o

Annuities granted by this act to be paid out of the consolidated fund.

Persons counterfeiting receipts for contributions, ^, guilty of felony-

The bank to continue a corporation till the annuities hereby granted cease.

No fee shall be taken for receiving con-

Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. i.

[1794.

of ninety-nine years, and ninety-eight years, from the fifth days of January one thousand seven hundred and sixty-one, and one thousand seven hundred and sixty-two respectively, and then to cease; and which said respective annuities were consolidated and made one joint stock of annuities by two acts, made in the fourth and the twentieth years of the reign of his present Majesty, and shall be paid, payable, and transferrable at the same time and times, and in like manner with the said annuities granted by the said acts; and so much money shall, from time to time, continue to be set apart, and issued at the receipt of the exchequer to the said cashier or cashiers of the bank of England, as shall be sufficient to satisfy and pay so much of the said annuities, after the respective rates of three pounds per centum per annum, of four pounds per centum per annum, and the annuities hereby granted to continue for a certain term of sixty-six years and three months, from the said tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, and then to cease, together with the charges attending the same, out of the consolidated fund; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or willingly act or assist in the forging or counterfeiting any receipt or receipts for the whole of, or any part or parts of, the said contributions towards the said sum of eleven millions, either with or without the name or names of any person as persons being inserted therein as the contributor or contributors thereto, or payer or payers thereof, or of any part or parts thereof; or shall alter any number, figure, or word therein; or utter or publish as true any such false, forged, counterfeited, or altered receipt or receipts, with intention to defraud the governor and company of the bank of England, or any body politick or corporate, or any person or persons whatsoever; every such person or persons so forging or counterfeiting, or causing or procuring to be forged or counterfeited, or willingly acting or assisting in the forging or counterfeiting, or altering, uttering, or publishing as aforesaid, being thereof convicted in due form of law, shall be adjudged guilty of felony, and shall suffer death as a felon without benefit of clergy.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said governor and company of the bank of England, and their successors, notwithstanding the redemption of all or any of their own funds, in pursuance of the acts for establishing the same, or any of them, shall continue a corporation for the purposes of this act, until all the annuities by this act granted shall be redeemed by parliament, or shall cease as aforesaid; and that the said governor and company of the hank of England, or any member thereof, shall not incur any disability for or by reason of their doing any matter or thing in pursuance of this act.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That no fee, reward, or gratuity whatsoever shall be demanded or taken of any of his Majesty's

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 2. 419

subjects, for receiving or paying the said subscription or tributtons, or contribution monies, or any of them, or for any receipt concern- ^sfcrrhig ing the same, or for paying the said annuities, or any of them, annuities, on or for any transfer of any sum, great or small, to be made in penalty of aol. pursuance of this a ft, upon pain that any officer or person offending, taking, or demanding any such fee, reward, or gratuity, shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of twenty pounds to the party aggrieved, with full costs of suit, to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, wherein no essoin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, injunction, or order of restraint, or any more than one imparlance, shall be granted or allowed.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall be sued, molested, or prosecuted, for any thing done by virtue or in pursuance of this act, such person or persons shall and may plead the general issue, and General issue# give this act and the special matter in evidence, in his, her, or their defence or defences; and if afterwards a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs, shall discontinue his, her, or their action or prosecution, or be nonsuited, or judgement shall be given against him, her, or them, upon demurrer, or otherwise, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him, her, or them, against any such plain- Treble costs, tiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. II.

An act for granting to his Majesty certain additional duties upon worts,

<wash, and other liquors, brewed or made in England, for extra ft -ing spirits for home consumption, and upon spirits made in Scotland and imported into England.

[Feb. 21, 1794.]

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjeefts, the com- Preamble, mons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies to defray your Majesty's publick expences, and making such permanent addition to the publick revenue, as shall be adequate to the increased charge occasioned by any loan to be raised, or stock to be created, by virtue of any aeff or acts for that purpose to be passed in this session of parliament, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several new and additional rates and duties here-in-after respectively mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Kings most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the day on which this act shall have received his The following Majesty's royal afsent, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and ^s^exebb1* paid to and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for to be paidj '

and viz.

4^0

For every gallon of walh made in England from grain, for home consumption, id.: For ever gallon from other British materials, id.:

For every gallon from me- riles or sugar, i d. 2 q.:

For every gallon from foreign materials, except melasses and sugar, 2d.;

For every 96 gallons made by MefT. Bishop from iialb. ofcorn as. 8d. aq.

For every galion, not exceeding 1 to 10 over proof, made in Scotland, and imported into England, 5 d. aq.:

For every gallon of a greater strength, &c.a proportionate additional duty.

Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 2. [1794.

and in respect of the several matters and things herein after mentioned, over and above all duties already imposed for or in respetSfc thereof by any act or acts of parliament, the further duties of excise herein after mentioned; that is to say,

For every gallon of fermented wort, or wash, which shall be brewed or made in that part of Great Britain called England, for extracting spirits for home consumption, from any malt, corn, grain, or tilts, or any mixture with the same, to be paid by the makers or distillers thereof, one penny:

For every gallon of cyder or perry, or any other wash or liquor which shall be brewed or made as aforesaid, from any fort or kind of British materials (except such as are before mentioned'), or from any mixture therewith, for extracting spirits for home consump- tion, to be paid by the makers or distillers thereof, one penny: For every gallon of fermented wort, or wash, which shall be brewed or made as aforesaid, from melasses or sugar, or any mixture therewith, for extracting spirits for home consumption, to be paid by the makers or distillers thereof, one penny halfpenny: For every gallon of wash which shall be brewed or made as aforesaid, from foreign refused wine or foreign cyder, or wash prepared' from foreign materials (except melasses and sugar), or any mixture therewith, for extracting spirits for home consumption, to be paid by the makers or distillers thereof, two-pence: For every ninety-six gallons of wash which iir William Bishop, Angles Bishop, and George Bijloop of Maidstone, or the survivor or survivors of them, shall produce from a weight of malt or other corn, including the bran thereof, and not exceeding one hundred and twelve pounds, the furn of two shillings and eight-pence three farthings, and so in proportion for any greater or lesser quantity of such wash:

For every galion, English wine measure, of spirits, of a strength not exceeding that of one to ten over hydrometer proof, which shall be made or manufactured in that part of Great Britain called Scotland., and imported or brought from thence into that part of Great Britain called England, to be paid by the importer thereof before the landing thereof five-pence halfpenny:

And for every galion, English wine measure, of such spirits, of a greater strength than that of one to ten over hydrometer proof, and not exceeding three per centum over and above one to ten over hydrometer proof, an additional duty in proportion to the surplus strength, to be paid by the importer thereof before the landing thereof.

Duties to be

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That under the ma- such of the duties by this act imposed as shall arise in that part the^co^mir Great Britain called England, shall be under the management sioners of ex- of the commissioners of excise in England for the time being; and die. such thereof as shall arise in that part of Great Britain called

Scotland, shall be under the management of the commissioners of excise in Scotland for the time being.

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 2. 421

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority Wash made in aforesaid, That no wash which shall be brewed or made in that part of Great Britain called England, under and according to the q^q 'f c. 4.6. rules, regulations, and provisions of an act, made in the twenty- for exporta-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for extracting low tion to Scot-wines or spirits for exportation from thence to that part of Great |^nd' not Jia-Britain called Scotland, shall be charged or chargeable with any deer this^d!^ duty or duties of excise granted by this act.

IV. And whereas standing contracts may have been made before the day on which this act shall have received his Majesty's royal cijjent by dftillers and makers of spirits, for British spirits to be delivered after the day on which this act shall have received his Majesty's royal afsent; Hillers deli-be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That such dif- after

tillers and makers of spirits delivering such British spirits after the passing this day on which this act shall have received his Majesty's royal af- ad, on consent in pursuance of such contracts, shall be allowed to add so tra( % made much money as will be equivalent to the duties by this act imposed, hereto, 3may for or in respect of the wort or wash from whence such spirits were add what will extradfed or made, to the price thereof, and shall be entitled by he equivalent virtue of this act to be paid for the same accordingly to the dut*cs>

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Duties to be all the monies from time to time arising by the several new and pahl into the additional rates and duties by this act imposed as aforesaid (the and carried to necessary charges of raising and accounting for the same respect the consoli-tively excepted), shall, from and after the patTing of this act, dated fund, from time to time, be paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer at Westminster; and the said money so paid into the exchequer as aforesaid, shall be carried to, and made part of, the consolidated fund.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the mo- Duties to nies arising, or to arise, of the several rates or duties hereby applied in de-granted, or so much thereof as shall be sufficient, shall be deemed encreafecf1^ an addition made to the revenue for the purpose of defraying the charge occa-increased charge occasioned by any loan made, or stock created, honed by any or to be created, by virtue of any act or acts passed, or to be palied,

in this session of parliament; and that the said monies shall, dur- for ro'years ing the space of ten years next enduing, be paid into the said re- to be kept receipt distinctly and apart from all other branches of the publick Parate from revenues; and that there shall be provided and kept in the office ottler monies, of the auditor of the said receipt, during the said period of ten years, a book or books, in which all the monies arising from the said rates and duties, and paid into the said receipt, shall together with the monies arising from any other rates and duties granted in this session of parliament, for the purpose of defraying such increased charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, upon any account whatever. The powers of

VII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the powers,

directions, rules, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, any other law which, in and by an act, made in the twelfth year of the reign of relating to the King Charles the Second, intituled An act for taking away the excite, to ex-

i c*mte"dtotto

act.

422 Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 3. [1794.

court of wards and liveries, and tenures i 11 capite, and by knights service and purveyance, and for jettling a revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof or by any other law now in force relating to his Majesty's revenue of excise, are provided and established for managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, or recovering, adjudging, or ascertaining, the duties thereby granted, or any of them (other than in such cases for which other provisions are made and prescribed by this act), shall be p radii fed, used, and put in execution, in and for the managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering, and paying the excise duties by this act imposed, and for preventing, detecting, and punishing frauds relating thereto, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if all and every the said powers, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things were particularly repeated and re-enacted in this present act.

CAP. III.

An act for granting to his Majesty certain additional duties on foreign spirits imported into Great Britain.'  [Feb. 21, 1794.]

Most gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain in parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies to defray your Majesty's publick expences, and making such permanent addition to the publick revenue, as shall be adequate to the increased charge occasioned by any loan to be raised, or flock to be created, by virtue of any act or acts for that purpose to be passed in this session of parliament, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several new and additional rates and duties herein after respectively mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority The following of the same, That from and after the day on which this act shall additional du-have received his Majesty's royal assent, there shall be raised, tobe^ aid on ^ev*e<^ collected, and paid to and for the use of his Majesty, his imported fpi- beirs and successors, for and in respect of the several matters and rits; things herein after mentioned, over and above all duties already

imposed for or in respect thereof by any act or acts of parliament, the further duties of excise herein after mentioned; that is to say,

For every gal- For every gallon of single brandy which shall be imported into

Ion of single Great Britain, to be paid by the importer, before the landing brandy, iod.: r, 'r J

3 thereof, ten-pence:

For every gal- For every gallon of brandy above proof, which shall be import-.

Ion of brandy ed into Great Britain, to be paid by the importer, before the land-

j hereof, one billing and eight-pence;

For r al Irr ever7 gabn of rum, spirits, or aqua vitce, of the produce loaoTfpiriU*British colonies or plantations, which shall be imported

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 3. 423

from beyond the seas into Great Britain, to be paid by the im- of the British porter, before the landing thereof, eight-pence: colonies, 3d.

For every gallon of rum, spirits, or aqua vitay above proof, j^otTuclf^" of the produce of the British colonies or plantations, which shall^jrjtg a^ove be imported from beyond the seas into Great Britain, to be paid proof, is. 4d.: by the importer, before the landing thereof, one shilling and four-pence

For every gallon of rum, spirits, or aqua vita, of the produce of the British colonies or plantations, which, on the twelfth day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, shall be in any warehouse in which the same shall have been put, subject and according to the rules, regulations, restrictions, and provisions contained and provided in an act, made in the fifteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, concerning the landing of rum or spirits of the British sugar plantations, before payment of the duties of excise, and lodging the same in warehouses, and which shall, from and after the said twelfth day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, be delivered out of any such warehouse, eight-pence, to be paid by the importer upon demand:

For every gallon of rum, spirits, or aqua vita, over proof, of the produce of the British colonies or plantations, which, on the said twelfth day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, shall be in any such warehouse, and which shall, from and after the said twelfth day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, be delivered out of any such warehouse, one shilling and four-pence, to be paid by the importer, upon demand:

For every gallon of single spirits, or aqua vita, (other than such brandy, rum, spirits, or aqua vita, as aforesaid), which shall be imported from beyond the seas into Great Britain, to be paid by the importer, before the landing thereof, ten-pence:

For every gallon of spirits or aqua vita, (or other than such brandy, rum, spirits, or aqua vita, as aforesaid), above proof, which shall be imported from beyond the seas into Great Britain, to be paid by the importer, before the landing thereof, one shilling and eight-pence.

For every gallon of such spirits warehoused on Feb. 12, 1794* and aftewards delivered, 8 d*

For every gallon above proof so warehoused, and delivered, is* 4 d*

For every gallon of single spirits imported (other than as aforesaid), iod.; and for every gallon above proof, is. 8(L

II. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority afore- Theadditionat said, That the additional rate or duty hereby imposed for or in re- duty on spirits spet of rum, spirits, or aqua vita, of the produce of the British

colonies or plantations, imported into this kingdom, may be i0nies, may lie bonded and secured, and shall be paid and payable in such manner bonded, Sec. only, and under such regulations and relbri&ions as the rates and as the present duties of excise heretofore charged for or in repeeb of such rum, duties, spirits, or aqua vita, may be now bonded and secured, and are by law paid and payable.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Duties to be such of the duties by this act impoied as shall arise in that part of Great Britain called England shall be under the management of the [he commis-commissioners of excise in England for the time being; and such fionevs of ex-thereof as shall arise in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, ode.

Additional d uties on spirits of the British colonies to be allowed on Persons delivering foreign spirits after Feb. 12, 1794, on contracts made previous thereto, may add an equivalent to the duties.

X) uties to be paid into the

424 Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 3. [1794.

shall be under the management of the commissioners of excise in Scotland lor the time being.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the duties by this act imposed for or in respect of rum, spirits, or aqua vitae, of the produce of the British colonies or plantations, shall be allowed on the shipping thereof as {lores to be spent and in them con^umec^ on board, in any voyage to parts beyond the ieas, in the forftores 1 ^ame manner as the former duties imposed thereon now are or hereafter may be directed to be also we'd by law.

V. And whereas fan ding contra As may have been made before The said twelfth day of February by importers or dealers in foreign spirits, for Jack foreign spirits to be delivered after the said twelfth day of February; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That such importers and dealers delivering. such foreign spirits after the said twelfth day of February, in pursuance of such contrails, shall be allowed to add so much money as will be equivalent to the duties by this act imposed, for or in respect of such foreign spirits, to the price thereof, and shall be intitled by virtue of this ail to be paid for the same accordingly.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all the monies, from time to time, arising by the several new and additional rates and duties by this act imposed as aforesaid, (the necessary charges of raising and accounting for the same respectively excepted), shall, from and after the passing of this act, from and Carried to ^nie to be paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer

the confollda- at Westmitift er; and the said money so paid into the exchequer as ted fund. aforesaid, shall be carried to, and made part of the consolidated fund.

Duties to be

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the applied in de- monies arising, or to arise, of the several rates or duties hereby granted, or so much thereof as shall be sufficient, shall be deemed an addition made to the revenue for the purpose of defraying the honed by any increased charge occasioned by any loan made, or hock created, loan of this or f0 be created, by virtue of any act or acts passed, or to be palied, in this session of parliament; and that the said monies shall, during the space of ten years next ensuing, be paid into the said receipt distinctly and apart from all other branches of the publick reve- other monies, nues; and that there shall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the said receipt, during the said period of ten years, a book or books, in which all the monies arising from the said rates and duties, and paid into the said receipt, shall, together with the monies arising from any other rates and duties granted in this session of parliament for the purpose of defraying such increased charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs, or successors, upon any account whatever,

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the powers, directions, rules, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, which, in and by an act made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An act for taking away the court of wards and liveries, and tenures in e^pite, and by

knights

fraying any increased charge occa-

session, and for io years to be kept separate from

The powers of 12 Car. a, c. 24. and of any other law relating to the excise.

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 4.1 4-5

knights service and purveyance, and for settling a revenue upon his to extend to Majesty in lieu thereof or by any other law now in force relating this a<*to his Majesty's revenue of excise, are provided and established for managing* raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, or recovering, adjudging, or ascertaining the duties thereby granted, or any of them, (other than in such cases for which other provisions are made and prescribed by this ac5f), shall be praHfed, used, and put in execution, in and for the managing, raising, levying, collecting* mitigating, recovering, and paying the excise duties by this act imposed, and for preventing, detecting, and punishing frauds' relating thereto, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if all and every the said powers, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in this present act.

CAP. IV.

An act for making perpetual certain duties on foreign spirlts, and oti sugar, imported into Great Britain.

[Feb. 21, 1794O

Most: gracious Sovereign,

Preamble

WHEREAS, by an act, made in the thirty-first year of yoilr

Mfeftfs reign, intituled, Art a8: for granting to his Ma- 3* Geo. 3. c.i jesty additional duties upon worts, wash, and other liquors brewed or made in England, for extrafling spirits for home consumption; upon spirits made in Scotland and imported into England; and upon foreign spirits imported into Great Britain; and to continue certain acts afor discontinuing, for a limited time, the several duties payable in Scotland upon low wines and spirits, and upon worts, wash, and other liquors, there used in the difrillation of spirits, and for granting to his Majesty other duties in lieu thereof; and for better regulating the exportation of British-made spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England and to continue, for a limited time, an act, made in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, to discontinue, for a limited time, the payment of the duties upon low wines and spirits for home consumption, and for granting and securing the due payment of other duties in lieu thereof; and for the better regulation of the making and vending British spirits; " it ivas, among (I other things, enacted, That, from and after the fifth day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, there should be raised, levied, colie ft ed. and paid, to and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs, and successors9 for and in respect of brandy, rum, spirits, or aqua vitse, imported from beyond the seas into Great Britain, over and above allJuties then imposed for or in respect thereof by any act or acts of parliament, the further duties of excise therein mentioned and expressed; and it was by the said act further enacted, That all the monies arising, or to arise by the rates and duties granted by the said act, and paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, after the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, should, together with such other rates Vol. XXXIX. Ff and

3* Geo. 3., c. 49.

33 Geo. 3. c. 3 9r> and

31 Geo. 3.. j5, recited.

Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 4. [1794.

and duties as should be granted by any act or acts of the then session of parliament for that purpose, be a fund for the payment and discharge of the principal sum of eight hundred thousand pounds, part of the sum of one million eight hundred and thirty-three thousand pounds, to be raised by loans or exchequer bills, in pursuance of any act of the same session of parliament, and which were raised by exchequer bills, in pursuance of an act of the same session of parliament, (intituled An act for raising a certain sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for defraying the publick expences occasioned by the augmentation of his Majesty's forces in the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety), together with such interest as should by the said act be directed to be paid or made payable for the said principal sum of eight hundred thousand pounds; and that upon payment of the J'aid principal sum of eight hundred thousand pounds, and all inter ejl to become due there on? or reserving, at the said receipt of exchequer, so much money out of the said fund to be establifed as aforesaid, as should be sufficient to satisfy and discharge the said principal Jam of eight hundred thousand pounds^, and all interest as aforesaid, and publication thereof in the manner to be directed by the said act of the same session of parliament, the said rates and duties by the J'aid recited act imposed, should from thenceforth cease and determine, and be no longes paid or payable: and whereas by an act, made in the thirty-third year oj your Majestfs reign, intituled An act to continue certain duties of excise on foreign spirits imported into this kingdom, for a limited time j and also for continuing certain laws of excise therein mentioned, the said additional rates and duties on foreign spirits imported into Great Britain, granted by the J'aid first recited act of the thirty first year of his present Majestfs reign, unre continued until and upon the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five; and the monies arising thereby, ofter having satisfied the said principal sum of eight hundred thousand pounds, and all interest to become due thereon, in the manner in the said act mentioned, were directed to be carried to, and made part of, the fund called The Consolidated Fund j and the same now remain for the further disposition of parliament: and whereas by another act, made in the thirty-first year c. of your Majestfs reign, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty an additional duty on sugar imported into this kingdom, it was enacted, That, from and after the eleventh day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, there should be raised, levied, colie fled, and paid unto and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, over and above the duties payable by law on and immediately bc- fore the said eleventh day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety -one, the additional duty therein mentionedpn sugars imported or brought'into Great Britain, and not warehoused, and it was, by the said act, further enacted, That, for certain forts of sugar therein mentioned, there should be allowed, on exportation thereof to the exportera certain drazvback therein mentioned; and it was also thereby further enacted, That all the monies arising, or to arise, by the rates and duties granted by the said act, and paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, after the fifth day of April one thoujemd seven hundred and ninety-two, should, together with such other rates and duties as should be granted

1794O Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 4. 427

by any act or acts of the then session of parliament for that purpose, be a fund for the paynjent and discharge of the several principal sums of eight hundred thousand pounds, and one million and thirty-three thousand pounds, amounting to the sum of one million eight hundred and thirty-three thousand pounds^ to be raised by loans or exchequer bills, in pursuance of any act of the same session of parliament* (and which were raised by exchequer bills in pursuance of the said act of the same session of parliament before mentioned), together with fuel? interest as should by the said act be dire died to be paid or made payable, for the said principal sums of eight hundred thousand pounds, and one million and, thirty-three thousand pounds 5 and that, upon payment of the said principal fans of eight hundred thousand pounds, and one million and thirty-three thousand pounds, and all interest to become duejhereon, or reserving at the said receipt of exchequer so much money out of the said fund, to be established as aforesaid, as should be fujfcient to satisfy and discharge the said principal sums of eight hundred thousand poundsi and one million and thirty-three thousand pounds, and interefi as aforesaid and publication thereof in the manner to be clireSled by the said act of the same session of parliament, the said rates and duties thereby imposed should from thenceforth cease and determine, and be no longer paid or payable: we, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, towards 'tailing the necessary supplies, and making such permanent addition to the publick revenue* as shall be adequate to the increased charge fcccafioned by any loan to be raised, or flock to be created, by virtue of any act or acts for that purpose to be passed in this session of parliament, have freely and voluntarily resolved to continue and make perpetual the several and respective rates and duties hereinbefore mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majestythat it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most (excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said duties of The duties excise imposed by the said first recited act, for and in respect of [^firstrmted brandy, rum, spirits, aqua vitee, and also the said duties imposed act on spirits by the said last recited act, for and in respect of sugar imported as imported, and aforesaid, shall be, and are hereby respectively further continued the duties inland made perpetual, and shall be paid to his Majesty* his heirs Jff^backs and successors; and that the said drawbacks allowed by the said allowed on last recited act* shall also be, and are hereby continued and made sugar import-perpetual; any thing in the said recited acts contained to the con- ed by the last, trary thereof notwithstanding: and the said duties and drawbacks |*deperpe-hereby continued and made perpetual, shall severally and respectively be paid and allowed by and to such persons, at such times, and in such manner, and under such penalties and forfeitures, as the said duties were severally and respectively payable by law, and the said drawbacks were directed tQ be allowed under or by virtue of the said acts, or any other act: or acts of parliament in force at and immediately before the passing of this act.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Such part of

all such parts of the said second recited act, for raising a sum Gftiie ^ec(>Pd re" r r^.cited aft as

r f 2 money require6 the

428 Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 5  7. f1794.

treasuryto money by loans or exchequer bills as aforesaid, requiring the

for the a ter comrn^oners of treasury, or the high treasurer for the time

ruination of" to issue their or his orders to the respective of duties repeal- of excise, or to the commissioners of customs for the determination

ed. of any of the said duties hereby continued and made perpetual, and

all directions for the publication thereof, as far as the same relate to

the said duties, shall be, and are hereby repealed.

Duties to be

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That

paid into the aj] t|le m0nies, from time to time arising by the several rates and (xchcoucr .^j*

and carried to duties by this act continued and made perpetual as aforesaid, (the

the conl'oli* necessary charges of raising and accounting for the same respect

dated fund; tively excepted), shall, when and as the same respectively shall take

effect by virtue of this act, from time to time, be paid into the

receipt of his Majesty's exchequer at JVefhninJJer; and the said

money so paid into the exchequer as aforesaid, shall be carried toT

and made part of the consolidated fund.

and to be ap-

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the monies

plied in de- arising, or to arise, from the said rates and duties, when and as the

in created^same respectively shall take effeCl by virtue of this act, or so much

charge occa- thereof as shall be sufficient, shall be deemed an addition made to

honed by any the revenue, for the purpose of defraying the increased charge

loan of this occasioned by any loan made, or stock created, or to be created,

session; and vjrtLie af any a(^ or acts passed, or to be passed, in this session

jor 10 years y r

tobekev't fe- 1 Parliament; and that the said monies, during the space of ten

parate from years next ending, shall continue to be paid into the receipt of

other monies, his Majesty's exchequer at Westminster, distinctly and apart from

all other branches of the publick revenues; and that there shall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the said receipt, a book or books, in which all the monies arising from the said rates and duties paid into the said receipt shall, together with the monies arising from any other rates and duties granted in this session of parliament, for the purpose of defraying such increased charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, upon any account whatever.

CAP. V.

An act to continue the laws now in force for regulating the trade between the luhjeds of his Majesty's dominions and the inhabitants of the terri-. lories belonging to the united states of America, so far as the same relate to the trade and commerce carried on between this kingdom and the inhabitants of the countries belonging to the said united states.

[Feb. 21, 1794.]  Continued to April 5, 1795.

CAP. VI.

An act for the regulation of his Majesty's marine forces while on shore.

[Feb. 21, 1794.]

CAP. VII.

An act for continuing.and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, rrurn, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four.

[Feb. 21, 1794.]  x Geo. 3. c. 3. Continued to June 24, x79J.

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 8, 9. CAP. VIII.

An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four.

[Feb. 21, 1794.]  Four shillings in the pound. In England to raise 1, 989, 673b 7s. lod. iq. In Scotland 47, 954b rs. 2d. Total 2, 037, 627b 9s. od. iq.

429

CAP. IX.

An act for preventing money or effects, in the hands of his Majesty's subjects, belonging to or dispojcable by persons refulent in France, being applied to the use of the persons exercising the powers of government in France; and for preserving the property thereof for the benefit of the individual owners thereof.

[March 1, 1794.]

WHEREAS the persons exercising the powers of government in France have issued an order, compelling all oner chants.

[Preamble.]

hankers, and other persons, who are possessed of any money, funded property, or effects, in the different parts of Europe, to declare all such money, funded property, and effects, in order that the same, by violence, may be taken, and applied for the purpose of maintaining and carrying on the unjujl ivar in which the persons so exercising the powers of government in France are engaged against the greater part of Europe: and whereas the direct and violent seizure, under the said order, of the property of persons, secured to them by the laws of the country in which it is placed, is in itjelf destructive of all commercial credit, and is accompanied by a declaration, that no debts due to the subjects of any of the belligerent powers shall be paid: in order therefore to prevent the effect intended to be produced by theje unjujl and violent measures, and to protest the property of individuals, as far as cir cum [lances will admit; may it please your Majesty that it maybe enabled and declared; and be it enacted and declared by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritqal and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That if any person After March residing or being in Great Britain shall, after the first day of I^1794> jf^n7 March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, and during (^Britain the said war, knowingly and wilfully pay, fend, supply, or deliver, fhadpay or or cause to be paid, sent, supplied, or delivered, either in Great remit any Britain or France, or in any other country, either by payment or rnonry^for the remittance of any bill of exchange, note, draught, obligation, or

ufc of the persons exer-

order for money, or in any other manner whatsoever, any money effing the go-to or for the use of the persons exercising, or who shall exercise vernmer.t in the powers of government in France, or to or for the use of any France, or of persons or person who on the first day of January one thousand ^(id im? with seven hundred and ninety-four, were or was, or at any time since in the limits have or has been, or who, at the time of such act done, shall be of such go-within any of the dominions of France, or any country, territory, vernment on or place, which was on the said first day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, or which shall be during the said he mall be*

\var, and at the time of such act done, under the government of deemed a the persons exercising, or who shall hereafter exercise the powers traitor,

of government in France, every person so offending, being thereof lawfully convicted or attainted, shall be deemed, declared* and adjudged to be a traitor, and shall suffer pains of death, and also lole and forfeit as in cases of high treason.

II. And be it further declared and enabled, That if any person residing or being in Great Britain, shall, aft&r the said first day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, and during the said war, knowingly and wilfully fend, supply, or deliver, or cause or procure to be sent, supplied, or delivered, either in Great Britain or any other country or place whatsoever, any goods, wares, merchandize, or effects whatsoever, to or for the use of the persons exercising, or who shall hereafter exercise the powers of

If any such resident shall fend or deliver, for the use of the persons before mentioned, any goods or effects whatever, he

penalties of j6 R'ic. z

shall incur the government in France, or to or for the use of any persons or person who, on the said first day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, were or was, or at any time fmee have or has been, or at the time of such act done, shall be within any of the dominions of France, or in any other country, territory, or place, which was on the said first day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, or which shall be during the said war, and at the time of such act done, under the government of the persons exercising, or who shall hereafter exercise the powers of government in France, every person so offending, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall incur and suffer the pains and penalties ordained and provided by the statute of provision and praemunire made in the sixteenth year of the reign of King Richard the Second.

If any such resident shall accept, indorse, or undertake for the payment of any bill, note, &c, for the use of the said persons, he shall forfeit double the value

III. And whereas, notwithstanding the prohibition herein-contained, a false credit may be given to bills of exchange, promisory noses, draughts, obligations, or orders for money, by accepting or indorsing the same, or undertaking to become answerable for the payment thereof; be it further enacted, That if any person residing or being in Great Britain shall, after the said first day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, and during the said war, knowingly and wilfully in any manner accept or indorse, c.r undertake to be answerable for the payment, in the whole or in part, of any bill of exchange, promisory note, draught, obligation, or order for payment of money, drawn, indorsed, or negociated by or on account, or for the use of, or on the credit of, or on the credit of the effects of, the persons exercising, or who shall hereafter exercise the powers of government in France, or any persons or person who, on the first day of January one thousand; seven hundred and ninety-four, were or was, or at any time since have or has been, or at the time of such act done, shall be, residing or being in any of the dominions in France, or in any country, territory, or place, which was on the said first day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, or which shall be during the said war, and at the time of such act done, under the government of the persons exercising, or who shall hereafter exercise the powers of government in France, every person so offending shall forfeit and Jose double the value of such bill of exchange, promisory note, draught, obligation, or order, to be recovered and applied as herein after directed, >.V. And

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 9. 431

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any person redding or as he shall being in Great Britain shall, after the said first: day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, knowingly and wilfully, order^for^mo-

in any manner, pay or satisfy any bill of exchange, note, draught, ney drawn,

obligation, or order for money, in part or in the whole, which, &c. since Jan.

since the said first: day of January one thousand seven hundred and

ninety-four, has been, or at any time during the said war shall be aCC0UIjt of

drawn, or accepted, or indorsed, or in any manner negociated in, (-^y of the

or in any manner sent from any part of the dominions of France, person afore-

or any country, territory, or place which was on the said first day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, or at any time during the said war, and at the time of such act done, shall be under the government of the persons exercising, or who shall hereafter exercise the powers of government in France, or drawn, accepted, or indorsed, or in any manner negociated by or for the use of, or upon the credit of, or upon the credit of the effects of,

the persons exercising the powers of government in France, gr of any persons or person who, on the said first day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, were or was, or at any time since have or has been, or who, at the time of such act done,

shall be, in any of the dominions of France, or in any such country, territory, or place as aforesaid, every person so offending shall forfeit and lose double the value of such bill of exchange, note, draught, obligation, or order respectively, to be recovered and applied as herein after directed, and the payment of such bill of and the p.iy-exchange, note, draught, obligation, or order respectively, shall ment of Inch not be effectual against: any persons or person whatsoever who not?artbe might otherwise have demanded the same, or the money thereby ciaim of the made payable; but the demands of all persons whatsoever in ref- person who pedt of the money expressed therein, and every part thereof, shall might other-remain and be in full force, notwithstanding such payment, and mande^to* notwithstanding such bill, note, draught, obligation, or order shall have been paid, delivered up, or cancelled, or any discharge shall be given thereon.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any person residing or If any such being in Great Britain, who had on the said first: day of January resident, who one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, or had or shall have ^ia<i on

t any tirr>e after the said first: day of January one thousand seven shall

hundred and ninety-four, and during the said war, any money, have money, bills of exchange, promisory notes, draughts, obligations, or or- notes, or any (ders for money, feciirities for money, goods, wares, merchandizes, pr effects whatsoever, of or belonging tq the persons exercising, ^-^ns afore-or who shall hereafter exercise the powers of government in said, shall pay France, or to any persons or person who on the said first day of such money, January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, were or was, or at apy time since have or has bepn, or who, at the time esse^S) except of such act done, shall be in any of the dominions of France, or for converting in any country, territory, or place which was on the said first: day them into mo, of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, or at any j^it'he^lMr time during the Xaid war, and at the time of such act done, shall forfeit double v f f $ be, the value'*

43" Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 9. [1794.

be, under the government of the persons exercising, or who shall hereafter exercise the powers of government in France, shall, after the said first day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, knowingly and wilfully pay or otherwise satisfy any such money to any other person, or deliver or otherwise part with such bills of exchange, promisory notes, draughts, obligations, or orders for money, or securities for money, goods, wares, merchandizes, or effects, unless such bills of exchange, notes, draughts,

) obligations, or orders for money, shall be delivered or parted with

for the purpose only of receiving and retaining the money due thereon respectively, and such goods, wares, merchandizes, and effects, shall be delivered or parted with for the purpose only of felling the same, and converting the same into money, to be received and retained by the person or persons so felling the same, every person so offending shall forfeit and lose double the value of such money, bills of exchange, notes, draughts, obligations, orders, securities, goods, wares, merchandizes, and effects respectively, to be recovered and applied as herein after directed; and no payment of any such money, or delivery or disposition of any such purpose afore- bills of exchange, notes, draughts, obligations, orders, or securi-bar th^dHim*es ^or money> nor any payment or discharge of any money for of any person which any such goods, wares, merchandizes, or effects as afore-who might said, shall be fofold as aforesaid, except for the purposes aforesaid, have demand- shall be effectual against any persons or person whatsoever, who ed the same; mjgbt haye demanded the same if such acts had not been done

but the demands of all persons whatsoever in respect of such property shall remain and be in full force, notwithstanding any discharge of any nature whatsoever which may be given for the lame; save only and except that no such demand shall prejudice or affedf: any person who shall have received or purchased such money, bills, notice of their notes, draughts, obligations, orders, securities, goods, wares, being paid^or merchandizes, or effects respectively bona fide, for full consider-?

ation, and without notice that the same was or were paid, fold, delivered, or disposed of respectively contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any act which shall be done by any person, or in any place, by virtue of or in obedience to a licence and authority from his Ma-

and the payment of such money, or parting with such notes or effects, except for the

except where such money, See. has been received, or effects purchased bona fide, without

disposed of contrary to this act.

This act not to extend to any thing done by authority of his Majesty or in jessy, either under his sign manual, or by order in council, or - service* proclamation, or from any persons or person to be authorised by his Majesty, under his sign manual, or otherwise, as his Majesty shall think fit, to give such licence and authority, or to any act which shall be done in his Majesty's service, by any person or persons who shall be employed therein, or to any act which shall be done in aiding or assisting such persons whiift so employed, or to any person employed, or to be employed, in his Majesty's service, who has been, or shall be, during and for the purpose of such employment in any of the dominions of France, or in any country,

territory, or place, which was on the said first day of January one thou fan 4

433

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 9.

thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, or shall be, at any time during the said war, under the government of the persons exercising the powers of government in France,

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any acSlion or suit, either in law or equity, shall be commenced or prosecuted for the recovery of any debt or demand, contrary to the provisions of this act, it shall and may be lawful for the court in which such action or suit shall be commenced, in term time, or any one or more of the judges of such court out of term, in a summary way, to discharge the defendant or defendants arrested on mesne process, and to stay all further proceedings in such action or suit, upon inch terms as to such court or judge respectively shall appear nocellary to enforce the provisions of this act.

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no person shall be subject to any penalty or forfeiture, or to answer for any damage for not paying or not delivering any money, bills of exchange, promisory notes, securities for money, goods, wares, merchandize, or effects, at anytime after the first day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, the payment or delivery whereof, after the first day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, is prohibited by this act.

the payment or delivery whereof after March i, is

IX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing done in obedience to this act shall alter or affect the right, title, or interest of any person whomsoever, to, or in any property whatsoever, real or personal, or any contract or agreement whatsoever, further or other wise than as in this act is expressed.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, imposed by this act, shall be to the King's majesty, his heirs and successors, and shall be sued for and recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland respectively, wherein no essoin, wager of law, stay of proceedings, except by such rule or rules of the court wherein the action or other proceeding shall depend, as shall he thought in justice necessary for special cause to be expressed in every such rule, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed.

If any action shall be commenced for any demand contrary to this act, the court may discharge the defendant, and stay further proceedings.

No person shall be Majesty to any penalty, or answer for any damage, for not paying money or delivering notes or effects after Feb. prohibited. This act: shall not affest: the right to any property, &c. further than herein expressed.

All fines shall be to his Majesty, and may be recovered in any court of record in Westminster* or the court of exchequer in Scotland.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any person shall be committed, for any offence against this act, to any common gaol or other place, there to remain until delivered by due course of law, It shall and may be lawful for any of the justicqs of his Majesty's courts at Westminster, or for any of the barons of the exchequer, being of the degree of the coif, or for the lord justice clerk or any of the commissioners of judiciary in Scotland, if upon application made he shall think it reasonable, to admit such person to bail, he or she giving sufficient security for his or her appearance to answer the matters wherewith he or (lie shall be charged.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That any

Person3 committed for offences against this act may be admitted to bail.

Where offences may be tried.

434

Per fens in-di&ed-to be entitled to the benefit of 7 Gill 3. c. 3. and 7 An 112s, C. 21.

Nothing in this act shall. alter 33 Geo. 3. c.a;

Act may be repealed or altered this session.

[Preamble.]

2S Geo. 3.

C. 55. recited.

From Aug. 1, 1794, the duties imposed by recited a#

Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 10. [1794.

any offence against this act, committed out of this realm, may be alledged, and be laid, enquired of, and tried in any county, shire, or stewartry of this realm; and that any offence against this act, committed within that part of Great Britain called England, may be alledged, and be laid, enquired of, and tried in the county where such offence shall have been committed, or in the county of Middlesex; and that any offence against this act, committed within that part of Great Britain called Scotland, may be alledged, and be laid, enquired of, and tried either before the court of judiciary at Edinburgh, or in any of the circuit courts in that part of the united kingdom; and that all and every person or persons that shall at any time be accused, or indisted, or prosecuted for any offence made or declared to be treason by this act, shall be entitled to the benefit of the act of parliament made in the seventh year of William the Third, intituled An act for regulating of trials in cases of treason and misprision of treason; and also of the provisions made by another act of parliament, passed in the seventh year of Queen Anne, intituled An act for improving the union of the iivo kingdoms.

XIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this act contained, shall be construed or taken in any manner to alter the provisions contained in an act passed in the last feiTion of parliament, intituled An act more effectually to prevent, during the present- war, all traiterous correspondence with, or aid or affifance being given to his Majestfs enemies, or any of such provisions.

XIV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to repeal, vary, or alter this act, or any clause, matter, or thing therein contained, during this present session of parliament.

CAP. X.

An act for repealing the stamp duties on gloves and mittens sold by retail  [March 1794.]

WHEREAS by an act, made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, (intituled An act for granting to his Majesty certain duties on licences to be taken out by persons vending gloves or mittens, and also certain duties on gloves and mittens sold by retail), it was, amongst other things, enacted, Ehat, from and after the first day of Aug u ft one thousand seven hundred and eighty-five, there should be raised, levied, collected, and paid, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, certain stamp duties on every pair of gloves or mittens which should be uttered, vended, or sold by retail in Great Britain, according to the respective prices thereof therein mentioned: may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's ino'ft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the first day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four^ the duties on gloves and mittens sold by retail^ granted by the

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 11. 435

said recited act, (fell cease and determine; and that then and ongloves and from thenceforth all the powers and authorities given and granted, L

and the rules and regulations established and prescribed by the said recited act, in relation to the managing, securing, ascertaining, collecting, recovering, levying, and paying the said duties on gloves and mittens sold by retail, and all penalties and forfeitures in respect thereof, shall also cease and determine; fav6 2nd except such of the said powers, authorities, rules, regulations, penalties, and forfeitures, in the said recited act contained, as relate to the duties on licences to be taken out by dealers in such gloves or mittens by retail; and also save and except in all cases relating to the recovering of any arrears which may remain unpaid of the said duties on gloves and mittens hereby repealed, and to the accounting for the same, or to any penalty or forfeiture which shall have been incurred upon or at any time before the said first day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four; anything herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XI.

An act for repealing the duties on the regijlry of burials, birthss marriages, and chrijienings.

[March 1, 1794.]

WHEREAS by an act made in the twenty-third year of the Preamble, reign of his present Majesty, (intituled An act for granting 23 Geo. 3. to his Majesty astampduty on the regiflry of burials, marriages, c. 67. and births, and christenings), it was enabled. That, from and after the frfl day of October one thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, there should he charged, levied, and paid unto and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, a certain stamp duty upon the entry of any burial\ marriage, birth, or chr'tjlening, in the register of any parish, precinct, or place in Great Britain: and whereas by another act made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his said Majesty, (in-^rented

tituled, An act to extend the provisions of an act, made in the c. 75* reU ^' twenty-third year of his present Majesty's reign for granting to his Majesty astampduty on the regiltry of burials, marriages, births, and christenings, ' to the regiflry of burials, births, and christenings of protestant dissenters from the church of England) \ it was enabled. That the provisions of the said frfl recited act jlmdd pxtend to all his Majesty's protestant subjects, dissenting from the church of *England, in the manner therein mentioned: may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the first day of October one thoistand leven From OS: 1, hundred and ninety-four, the said recited duties shall cease and ^eslrr^ determine; and that then and from thenceforth all the powers by the recited and authorities given and granted, and the rules and regulations acts to pease. prescribed by the said recited abb, or either of them, in relation to the managing, securing, collecting, recovering, and paying

4 Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 12  14. [1794.

the said duties, and all penalties and forfeitures in respect thereof, shall also cease and determine; save and except in all cases relating to the recovering of any arrears which may at that time remain unpaid of the said duties, and to the accounting for the same, or to any penalty or forfeiture which shall have been incurred upon or at any time before the said first day of October one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four; anything herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

This act not

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing vdhht^of anyn ^is contained shall construed to extend to destroy, or register.'in any manner affef, the validity of any register of the births, burials, or christenings of any of his Majesty's subjects, whether members of the church of England, or persons dissenting therefrom, now kept, or hereafter to be kept by any person or persons; but that all such registers may continue to be provided, made, and kept, without stamping the same, at such places, and by such persons respectively, and in such manner, as they lawfully might have been or were accustomed to be provided, made, and kept before the passing of this a6h

CAP. XII.

An act to indemnify such persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments; and to indemnify justices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for those purposes; and to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whose ad millions have been omitted to be stamped according to law, or, having been stamped, have been loft or mifsaid, and for allowing them time to provide admissions duly stamped; to give further time to such persons as have omitted tq make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attornies and solicitors; and for indemnifying deputy lieutenants and officers of the militia, who have neglected to transmit descriptions of their qualifications to the clerks of the peace within the time limited by law, and for allowing further time for that purpose.

[March i, 1794.]

CAP. XIII.

An act for punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

[March 1, 1794.]-Number of forces

60, 244, including 3, 882 invalids.

CAP. XIV.

An act for granting to his Majesty certain stamp duties on indentures of clerkships to solicitors and attornies in any of the courts in England therein mentioned.

[March 28, 1794.]

Most gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies to defray your Majesty's public expences, and make such permanent addition to the public revenue as shall be adequate to the increased charge occasioned by any loan to be raised or stock to be created by virtue of any act or acts for that purpose to be passed in this section of parliament; have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and e gran

Afi

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 14.

grant unto your Majesty the several new and additional rates and duties herein after respectively mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, within the bills of mortality, from and after After Feb 5, the fifth day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety- 1794 four, and in every other part of England and in Wales, from and mortality^ and after the tenth day of February one thousand seven hundred and Feb. io, in ninety-four, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto any other part and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for and in respect of every contract in writing made after the said fifthhe following and tenth days of February one thousand seven hundred and additional ninety-four respectively, whereby any person shall become bound stamp duties to serve as a clerk, in order to his admission as a solicitor or atto be Pa^; torney in any of the courts of law or equity herein after mentioned, in pursuance of the laws now in force for the better regulation of solicitors and attornies, the new and additional rates For every con* and duties following, over and above all other rates or duties trad to serve payable by law upon or in respect of the same; that is to say, For as a clerk m and upon every piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or piece asa* of paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, printed, or written any solicitor or at- such contract made, whereby any person is or shall become bound torney in any to serve as a clerk as aforesaid, in order to his admission as a so- court at West-licitor or attorney in any of his Majesty's courts at Westminster, so^rder*

there shall be charged- a stamp duty of one hundred pounds; and to admission for and upon every piece of vellum or parchment, or sheet or into any court, piece of paper, upon which shall be ingrossed, printed, or written of Srfat ^1-any such contraT made, whereby any person is or shall become cheftTr'^m-bound to serve as a clerk aforesaid, in order to his admission as a caster, or Dur-solicitor or attorney in any of the courts of great sessions in Wales, ham, or in any or in the counties palatine of Chester, Lancaster, or Durham, or court in Eng-in any court of record in England holding pleas, where the debt ^aS where or damage shall amount to forty shillings, and not in any of the the debt shall said courts at Westminster, there shall be charged a stamp duty of amount to 4 os. fifty pounds. 5b

II. And be it further enacted, That no person who by any No such clerk such contract as aforesaid, made after the said fifth and tenth days unlef^Se* of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four respect inc]entUre be tively, as herein-before mentioned, is or shall be bound to serve inrolled, with as a clerk as aforesaid, shall be admitted to be a solicitor or at- an affidavit, torney in any of the said courts, unless the indenture or other writing containing such contract, duly damped according to the

directions of this act, shall be inrolled or registered with the proper officer^ to be appointed for that purpose in the court wherein such person shall propose to be afterwards admitted a solicitor or attorney by virtue of his service under such contract, together with an affidavit of the time of the execution of such contract by such clerk; and in case such indenture or other writing shall not be inrolled or registered in such court within six months next

after

tvefy flick tierk, previous to his being-permitted to practise, shall make an affidavit of the payment of the duty, Sec,

438 Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 14.

after the execution thereof, together with such affidavit of thd time of the execution of such contracf, then and in such case the service of such clerk, under such indenture or writing, shall be % deemed to commence from the time of such inrollment or registry only, and not from the execution of such indenture or writing; any usage or custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every person to be admitted a solicitor or attorney in any of the said courts by virtue of any such contract as aforesaid, made after the said fifth and tenth days of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four respectively, as herein-before mentioned, and service under the same, before he shall be permitted to prac-tife as a solicitor or attorney in such court, or to be inrolled or registered therein, shall make an affidavit of the due payment of the duty by this act: imposed, and shall insert in such affidavit the sum paid in respect thereof, and also shall specify the name and place of abode of the person or persons with whom such contract of service was entered into, the time of the execution thereof* and the time of inrolling or regifitering the same; and in case such person shall have been previously admitted a solicitor or attorney in some other court, shall also specify in such affidavit the court in which he has been so admitted, and the time of his admission therein, and shall cause the same to be duly filed in the court in which he proposes to be so admitted a solicitor or attorney with the proper officer (to be appointed by each such court for receiving and filing such affidavits); and every such affidavit shall be produced and openly read in the court in which such person shall be admitted a solicitor or attorney, before he shall be inrolled or registered therein.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the pacing of this act, in case any person, other than such person who courts of gVeat have been admitted an attorney in one of the courts of great

sessions in sessions in Wales, or of the counties palatine of Chester, Lancaster, Wales, &c, by or Durham, or in some other court of record in England where contradf arior attornies ^ave been accustomally admitted and sworn, by virtue to I he days101* of a contract made before the said fifth and tenth days of Febru- before men- ary one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four respectively, as herein-before mentioned, and a service in pursuance thereof, or who shall have been admitted a solicitor in one of the said courts of great sessions, or of the said counties palatine, or some other inferior court of equity in England, by virtue of a like contract and service, and according to the directions of the several acts now in force for the regulation of attornies and solicitors respectively, shall, in his own name, or in the name of any other person, sue out any writ or process, or commence, prosecute, or

If any person not admitted in one of the

tioned, shall, in his own or another name, sue out any writ, Sec, in the courts at Westminster, without being admitted in one of them,

he shall forfeit defend any action or suit, or any proceedings in any of the said jooh See, courts at Westminster, as an attorney or solicitor, for or in expectation of any gain, fee, or reward, without being admitted and inrolled an attorney or solicitor in one of the said courts at Westminster according to the directions of the several acts in force for the regulation of attornies and solicitors, every such person

4 39

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 14.

+shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds; one moiety thereof to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety, with full costs of suit, to the use of such person who shall prosecute for the said offence by action of debt, bill, plaint, suit, or information in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, wherein no protection, wager of law, nor more than one imparlance shall be allowed and such person is hereby also made incapable to maintain or prosecute any action or suit in any court of law or equity for any

fee, reward, or disbursemejits on account of prosecuting, carry- persons acj

ing on, or defending any such action, suit, or proceeding. mittedin any

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any per- court at West-

son who shall be admitted a solicitor or attorney in any of his minder who Majesty ?s courts at Westminster by virtue of any such contract ^VeJfaic^ as aforesaid, and service under the same, and shall have duly paid IOol. maybe the duty of one hundred pounds by this act imposed, may be ad- admitted in mitted to be a solicitor or attorney in all or any of the courts in an7 other of this act mentioned, without payment of any further stamp duty in pursuance of this act, subject nevertheless to all and every court8 with the provisions prescribed by law with relation to the admission outpayment of solicitors and attornies in such'courts respectively, before the of any further passing of this act. duty; as alia

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That any person persons ad-who shall be admitted a solicitor or attorney in any of the courts mitted in any of great sessions in Wales, or in any court in the said counties pa-

latine, or in any inferior court aforesaid, by virtue of any such wales, See. contract as aforesaid, and service under the same, and shall have who shall have paid the said duty of fifty pounds by this act imposed, may be ad- paid the duty mitted a solicitor or attorney in any of the courts aforesaid (ex- ^h/courts^at^ cept the said courts at Westminster) without payment of any fur- Westminster.) ther stamp duty in pursuance of this act, subject nevertheless to the like provisions and restrictions of former laws in relation to Persons ad-such admissions. mitted in any

VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That any per^ aforesaid by^ fan who shall have been admitted a solicitor or attorney in any of virtue of con-the courts aforesaid, by virtue of any contract bona fide made, and tracts made of his service under the same, actually commenced before the  sr before fifth and tenth days of February one t'noufand seven hundred and mentioned, " ninety-four respectively, as hereinbefore-mentioned, maybe ad- may be admitted a solicitor or attorney in all or any other of the courts mited in any aforesaid, without payment of any stamp duty by this act im-

posed, in such manner and subject to such regulations as he might menof any" have been admitted therein before the passing of this a eft. further duty.

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Articled person, having been articled to any attorney or solicitor for the clerks having-term of five years, and having duly paid the duty by this act im- ^ot b* posed (in case such articles shall have been entered into after the fjbjedtoany said fifth or tenth days of February one thousand seven hundred duty for new and ninety-four respectively), shall, on the event of such attor- contracts with ney or solicitor dying or leaving off his practice, or of such ar- other mailers, tides being cancelled or discharged, or on any other event, before

44 Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 14. [1794.

fore the expiration of such term of five years, enter into any subsequent contract with any other attorney or solicitor to serve him as his clerk for the residue of the said term of five years, such last mentioned contract shall not be subject to or chargeable with any of the duties by this act imposed y any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding;

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That for the more effectual levying.

Duties to be under the care of the commissioners of stan>p duties.

raising, colleHn

and

paying

all

Parchments for contracts

the said duties herein-before granted, the same shall be under the government, care, and management of the commissioners for the time being, appointed to manage the duties charged on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, who, or the major part of them, are hereby required and impowered to employ the necessary officers under them for that purpose, and to cause such new stamps to be provided, to denote the said several new and additional duties respectively, as shall be requisite in that behalf, and to do all other things necessary to be done for putting this act in execution with relation to the said several duties herein-before granted, in the like and in as full and ample a manner as they, or the major part of them, are authorised to put in execution any former law concerning stamped vellum, parchment, or paper.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That t^b^stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, liable to the duties hereby prior to being charged, shall, before the same shall be ingrossed, printed, or ingrossed $ written upon, be brought to the head office for stamping or marking vellum, parchment, and paper, and the said of, by themselves or by their officers employed under them, shall forthwith, upon demand to them made by any person or persons, from time to time, stamp or mark, as this act directs, any quantities or parcels of vellum, parchment, or paper, as shall be brought to them for that purpose, the persons so bringing the same paying to the receiver general of the stamp duties for the time being, or his deputy or his clerk, the several duties payable for the same by virtue of this act. but only one

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where then^am^d any contra<ft mac^e by indentures of different parts*

and the dupli- or duplicates of any such contract, shall be executed by the feve-cate shall be ral parties thereto, it shall be sufficient to ffamp or mark one such part or one such indenture or writing only with the ffamp or mark herein-before required to be provided to denote the said duties before such contract shall be engrossed, printed, or written thereon, and that it shall and may be lawful for the said of to provide one other ffamp or mark, to be put upon such other part or duplicate of such indentures or writing which shall not have been so stamped as aforesaid, and to cause such other part or duplicate of such indenture or other writing, to be stamped or marked therewith, on sufficient proof being made to the satisfaction of the said of, or the major part of them, of the due payment of the duties by this act imposed thereon, at any time after the execution thereof, which ffamp or mark, shall be distinguishable from any other ffamp or mark used or provided ta

stamped after execution, on proof of payment of duty.

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 14. 441

be used by the said commissioners, by virtue of this or any other act of parliament; and every such other part or duplicate of such indenture or other such writing as aforesaid, which shall be duly stamped or marked with such stamp or mark as last -aforesaid, shall be as available in the law, and of the like force and effect in all reipeds whatever, as if the vellum, parchment, or paper, whereon the same shall be ingrossed, printed, or written, had been duly stamped before the ingrossing, printing, or writing the same thereon; any thing in this act before contained to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the same allowance shall be made onpresent payment of the The usual ali said several duties granted by this act, and in such manner as by any former law relating to stamped vellum, parchment, and paper prompt pay-is allowed. ment of duty.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That such stamps as the said of are hereby directed Stamps may and authorised to provide and use, shall and may be altered and a tere*renewed, from time to time, in such manner as any other stamps under the management of the said of are by any former law relating to stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, di- -reded to be altered and renewed; and that all persons who shall have in their custody or possession any vellum, parchment, or paper, marked with any stamp or mark, before, the same shall have been so altered or renewed, shall have the like-remedy and allowance as by any former law relating to stamped vellum, parchment, or paper, is in like cases directed/

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person shall counterfeit or forge, or procure to be Persons coun-counterfeited or forged, any seal, stamp, or mark, to resemble gn^.c any seal, stamp, or mark, directed or allowed to be used by this g^ySQf feJ0-ad, for the purpose of denoting the duties by this act granted, or nV. shall counterfeit or resemble the impression of the same, with an intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs or successors, of any of the said duties, or shall utter, vend, or fell, any vellum, parchment, or paper, liable to such stamp duty, with such counterfeit stamp or mark thereupon, knowing the same to be counterfeit, or shall privately or fraudulently ule any seal, stamp, or mark, directed or allowed to be used by this act, with intent to defraud his Majesty, his heirs and successors, of any of the said duties, every person so offending, and being thereof lawfully con-vided, shall be adjudged a felon, and shall suffer death as in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy.

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Powers, &c. all powers, provisions, articles, clauses, penalties, and forfeitures, ^datWe to^3 and distributions of penalties and forfeitures, and all other matters stair.pduties and things prescribed or appointed by any former act or acts of to extend to parliament, relating to the duties on stamped vellum, parchment, this act.

and paper (and not hereby altered), shall be of full force and effed, with relation to the additional and new rates and duties hereby imposed, and shall be applied and put in execution for the

442 Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 15. [1794.

raising, levying, collecting, and securing the said additional and new fates and duties, according to the true intent and meaning of this act, as fully to all intents and purposes as if the same had severally and respectively been hereby re-enacted, with relation to the said additional and new rates and duties.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Duties to be That the several duties herein-before granted, shall be paid from paid to the re- time to time into the hands of the receiver general for the time offtam^duties being, of duties on damped vellum, parchment, and paper, who shall pay who shall pay the same (the necessary charges of raising, paying, the same into and accounting for the same being deduded) into the receipt of the exchequer. the exchequer, at such time and in such manner as the duties charged on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper are directed to be paid, and the said money so paid into the said receipt as aforesaid, shall be carried to and made part of the consolidated fund. Duties to be

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the applied in de- monies arising or to arise of the several rates or duties hereby created eharg" grantec^ or much thereof as shall be sufficient, shall be deemed es occasioned an addition made to the revenue, for the purpose of defraying the by any loan of increased charge occasioned by any loan made, or dock created this session, or tG be created, by virtue of any act or acts passed or to be passed ^ears^to^en ^e^Ion Par^ament; and that the said monies shall, dur-Icept separate big t^ie space of ten years next ensuing, be paid into the said from other receipt distinctly and apart from all other branches of the publick monies. revenues; and that there shall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the said receipt, during the said period of ten years, a book or books, in which all the monies arising from the said rates and duties, and paid into the said receipt, shall, together with the monies arising from any other rates and duties granted in this session of parliament, for the purpose of defraying such increased charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, upon any account whatever.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall at any time or times be sued, molested, or prosecuted for any thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this act, or of any clause, matter, or thing herein contained, such person or persons shall or may plead General issue. the general blue, and give the special matter in evidence for his or their defence; and if upon the trial a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs become non-Treble costs, suited, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him or them against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. XV.

An pl for granting to his Majesty certain additional duties on bricks and tiles made in} or imported into, Great Britain.,  [March 28, 1794.]

Most gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects the commons of Great Britain in parliament assembled, towards

raising

443

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 15.

raising the necessary supplies to defray your Majesty's publick expences, and making such permanent addition to the publick revenue as shall be adequate to the increased charge occasioned by any loan to be raised, or flock to be created, by virtue of any act or acts for that purpose to be passed in this session of parliament, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several new and additional rates and duties herein after respectively mentioned; and do therefore most humbly be-leech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this act, there shall be raised, The following levied, collected, and paid, to and for the use of his Majesty, his additional du-heirs and successors, for and in respect of the several matters and JnVricks and things herein after mentioned, over and above all duties already tiles made in imposed, for or in respect thereof, by any act or acts of parliament, Great Britain, the further duties of excise herein-ascer mentioned; that is to say.

For every thousand of bricks which shall be made in Great Britain, and so in proportion for any greater or lefTer quantity, one shilling and six-pence

For every thousand of plain tiles which shall be made in Great Britain, and so in proportion for any greater or lefTer quantity, one shilling and ten-pence

For every thousand of pan tiles or ridge tiles which shall be made in Great Britain, and so in proportion for any greater or Idler quantity, four shillings and ten-pence

For every hundred of paving tiles which shall be made in Great Britain, not exceeding ten inches square, and so in proportion for any greater or lesser quantity, eleven-pence

For every hundred of paving tiles which shall be made in Great Britain, exceeding ten inches square, and so in proportion for any greater or lefTer quantity, one fhiiiing and ten-pence: For every thousand of tiles which shall be made in Great Britain, other than such as are herein-before enumerated or described, by whatsoever name or names such tiles are or may be called or known, and so in proportion for any greater or Idler quantity, one shilling and ten-pence.

The said duties upon bricks and tiles respectively to be paid by the maker thereof.

For bricks is. 6d. per 1000;

Plain tiles is. iod. per 1000;

Pan or ridge tiles4s.10d.per 1000:

Paving tiles not exceeding 10 inches square lid; and exceeding 10 inches is. iod. per 100;

and for all other tiles is. iod. perioqo*

II. And whereas it is expedient to allow tiles, made for the foie fur* pose of draining wet or marjhy lands, such tiles being of the description herein after mentioned., to be made free of the duties imposed by an act made in the twenty-seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, arnongf other things, for repealing the several duties of excise, and granting other duties in lieu thereof and also by this act; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and maybe Tiles for

lawful to and for any person or persons whatever to make, for the Z?invngiarT* r r i, r n, '., may be made

lolc purpose of draining wet or marlhy lands, tiles nineteen inches free of any

G g Z and duty.

444- Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 15. [1794.

and three-tenth parts of an inch in length, and thirteen inches and three-tenth parts of an inch in breadth, bent into a semi-elliptical form, the inside of the crown of the arch thereof being not less than seven inches perpendicular from a {trait line drawn from the one to the other side thereof after the same is so bent, and fuel: Tides not being at any part thereof more than five inches distant from each other on the inside, and tiles as nearly of the dimensions and bent as nearly into the form aforesaid as may be, to be used for the purpose aforesaid, without being charged or chargeable with any duty for or in respect of such tiles; any thing in thesaidadl, made in the twenty-seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, or in this act contained, to the contrary thereof.in anywise notwithstanding.

under\he ma* And lt farther enacted by the authority aforesaid, That

nagement of such of the duties by this act imposed, as shall arise in that part of the commit- Great Britain called England, shall be under the management of sioners of ex- the commissioners of excise in England for the time being; and such thereof as shall arise in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be under the management of the commissioners of excise in Scotland for the time being.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the duties by this act imposed, for and in respect of bricks and tiles respectively, shall be drawn back on the exportation of any such bricks and tiles respectively as merchandize to foreign parts, under and subject to the several rules, regulations, restrictions, provisions, fines, penalties, and forfeitures, by any law or laws in force at the time of passing this act, relating to the exportation of bricks and tiles on drawback, provided, settled, or established. The powers of y, And be it further enacted, That all and every the allow-or of any other ances> powers, directions, rules, penalties, forfeitures, clauses? law relating to matters, and things, which, in and by an act made in the twelfth the excise, to year of the reign of King Charles the Second, (intituled An act for taki?ig away the court of wards and liveries, and tenures in ca-pite, and by knights service and purveyance, and for settling a revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof), or by any other law now in force, relating to his Majesty's revenue of excise, are provided and established for managing;, raising, levying, collecting, miti-

cife.

Duties to be

jdrawnbackon

exportation.

extend to this duty.

gating, or recovering, adjudg

or ascertaining the duties

thereby granted, or any of them (other than in such cases for which other provisions are made and prescribed by this act), shall be practised, used, and put in execution, in and for the managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering, and paying the excise duties by this act imposed, and for preventing, detecting, and punishing frauds relating thereto, as fully and effectually to all intents and purposes, as if all and every the said allowances, powers, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in this present act.

The following

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That additional du- there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, to and for the on^mporta- 0aC Majesty, his heirs and successors, for and upon the several

tion:

445

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 15.

goods herein after mentioned, which shall, from and after the passing of this act, be imported or brought into this kingdom from foreign parts, over and above all duties of customs already imposed thereon, the several and respective duties following; that is to say,

For and upon all bricks, by whatever name they now are or For bricks rs. hereafter may be known, the sum of one shilling and sixpence Per ioos for every thousand, and so in proportion for any greater or lester quantity:

For and upon all tiles, commonly called or known by the name Plain tiles (ex* of Plain Tiles (except galley tiles), the sum of one shilling and cept galley ten-pence for every thousand, and so in proportion for any greater ^, 000

or lesser quantity:

For and upon all tiles, commonly called or known by the name F*n or ridge of Pan Tiles or Ridge Tiles, the sum of four shillings and ten- pence t*Ies 4S* for every thousand, and so in proportion for any greater or lesser ^er I000, quantity:

For and upon all tiles, commonly called or known by the name Paving tiles of Paving Tilesy not exceeding ten inches square, the sum of i^nches^"^ eleven-pence for every hundred containing five score, and so in square nd. proportion for any greater or lesser quantity:

For and upon all tiles, commonly called or known by the name and exceeding of Paving Tiles, above ten inches square, the sum of one shilling and ten-pence for every like hundred, and so in proportion for^9

any greater or lesser quantity:

And for and upon all tiles, other than such as are herein-before and for ah enumerated and described, by whatever name or names such tiles ^ce It galley now are or hereafter may be called or known (except galley tiles), tiles) 16. iod, the sum of one shilling and ten-pence for every thousand, and so per 1000. in proportion for any greater or lesser quantity.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said duties herein-before granted upon the importation of such foreign bricks and tiles, shall be under the management and direction of the commissioners of his Majesty's customs in England and Scotland respectively, and shall be paid down in ready money without any discount or deduction whatever; and the said duties shall be raised, levied, collected, recovered, and paid, in the same manner and form, and under such restrictions, penalties, and forfeitures, and by such rules, ways, and methods, as the former duties for such goods are respectively raised, levied, collected, recovered, and paid, as fully and effectually to all intents and purposes as if the said several clauses, powers, directions, penalties, and forfeitures, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the body of this present act.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all the monies from time to time arising by the several new and additional rates and duties by this act imposed as aforesaid (the necessary charges of raising and accounting for the lame respectively excepted), shall, from and after the passing of this act,

G g 3 from

Duties on importation to be under the management of the commissioners of excise, and payable as former duties.

Duties to be paid into the exchequerand carried to the consolidated fund.

Duties to be applied in defraying any in created charge occasioned by any loan of this session, and for 1 o years to be kept fe pa rate from other monies*

Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 16. [1794.

from time to time, be paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer at Westminster; and the said money so paid into the exchequer as aforesaid, shall be carried to and made part of the consolidated fund.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the monies arising or to arise of the several rates or duties hereby granted, or so much thereof as shall be sufficient, shall be deemed an addition made to the revenue, for the purpose of defraying the increased charge occasioned by any loan made, or flock created or to be created by virtue of any act or acts passed or to be passed in this session of parliament, and that the said monies shall, during the space of ten years next ensuing, be paid into the said receipt distinctly and apart from all other branches of the publick revenues; and that there shall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the said receipt, during the said period of ten years, a book or books, in which all the monies arising from the said rates and duties, and paid into the said receipt, shall, together with the monies arising from any other rates and duties granted in this session of parliament for the purpose of defraying such increased charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, upon any account whatever.

X. And whereas funding contra As may have been made before the passing of this act, by makers of bricks and tiles, to be delivered after the faffing of this a A; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That such makers of bricks and tiles, delivering such bricks and tiles after the passing of this act in pursuance of such contracts, shall be allowed to add so much money as will be equivalent to the duties by this act imposed for or in respect of the bricks and tiles, and shall be entitled by virtue of this act to be paid for the same accordingly.

CAP. XVI.

An Act for augmenting the militia.

[March 28, 1794.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS, by an Act made in the twenty-sixth year of the 26 Geo. 3. c. reign of his present Majesty^ intituled An act for amending,

307. recited, and reducing into one act of parliament, the laws relating to the militia in that part of Great Britain called England^ it is, amongst other things, enacted, That the number cf private men to be raised by virtue of the said aAj in that part of Great Britain called England, the dominion of Wales, and town of Berwick upon Tweed, shall confifi of the numbers therein particularly mentioned: and whereas, in the present situation of publick affairs, it is highly necessary and expedient that the number of the militia forces should be augmented \ be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the n^nt' aut^or^y That if any person or persons, properly

cept^offers to" qualified according to the laws now in force, shall offer to his ftife volunteer Majesty's lieutenant of any county to raise one or more company

For bricks, and tiles delivered after passing this act, or contracts previous thereto, an equivalent to the duty- may be added.

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 16. 447

or companies, to be added to the regiment or battalion of any C0Panies* county or riding, it shall and maybe lawful for his Majesty's olun-"

lieutenant to accept such offers and to appoint such officers ac- teers to regi-cordingly; and that it shall likewise be lawful for his Majesty's ments, &c. lieutenant to accept and cause to be inrolled any number of volunteers, not exceeding such number as his Majesty may, from time to time, during the continuance of this act, think proper to authorise, to be added as privates to the establishment of such regiment or battalion as aforesaid, and to give to such officers raising companies or privates as aforesaid, such temporary rank not above the rank of lieutenant colonel, as his Majesty {halt direcft; and such lieutenant shall certify to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, the names and ranks of such officers within fourteen days after they shall be so appointed; and in case his Majesty, his heirs or successors, shall, within fourteen days after such certificate laid before his Majesty, his heirs or successors, signify his or their disapprobation of any person to be such officer in the militia, his Majesty's lieutenant shall not grant a commission to such person, but shall grant commissions to such persons so appointed, who shall not be disapproved of by his Majesty, his heirs or successors, within fourteen days as aforesaid, or of whom his Majesty, his heirs or successors, shall sooner signify his or their express approbation; and on the certificate of his Majesty's lieutenant, or of the commanding officer of the regiment or battalion to which such company or companies shall be annexed, that such company or companies are actually raised, such company or companies shall be entitled to the same allowance of bounty, subsistence money, arms, and cloathing, as the rest of his Majesty's militia forces in this kingdom.

II. And be it further enacted, That all volunteers who shall Volunteers t# be inrolled and added as privates to the establishment of each tQ

regiment or battalion as aforesaid, shall be entitled to the same bounty, &c# allowance of bounty, subsistence money, arms, and cloathing, as as the rest of the rest of his Majesty's militia forces in this kingdom; and that the militia, his Majesty's lieutenant shall, from time to time, as he shall find most convenient, certify to his Majesty the number of volunteers who shall have been so accepted and inrolled as aforesaid; and that all persons who shall engage to serve either in companies or as volunteers, to be added as privates as aforesaid, in pursuance of this act, shall be enlisted to serve till such time as the militia shall be disembodied, or till such earlier period at which his Majesty shall think fit to reduce the said volunteer companies, or to discharge the said privates.

III. And be it enacted, That when any such companies, or Regiments so volunteers to be added as privates, shall be added to any regi- ^otTo^e^ ment, such addition shall not make it necessary to separate such macie two bat-regiment into two battalions, but such regiment shall remain and talions. continue one regiment.

IV. And whereas, by the herein-before recited act of the twenty-sixth year of his present Majesty's reign, it is enacted, That when the militia shall be drawn out and embodied, an addition shall be made to the

44$ Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 17. [1794.

number of serjeants and corporals, so that there shall be on* serjeant A certain pro- and one corporal to every twenty men: be it enacted, That for every nou^commis twenty men who shall be inrolled and added as privates to the fioned officers establishment of each regiment or battalion as aforesaid, there to be added, shall be allowed one serjeant and one corporal; and that it shall be lawful to add one serjeant to act as serjeant major, and one other serjeant to act as quarter master serjeant, to each battalion confiding of four hundred private men and upwards, over and above such proportion of serjeants and corporals as aforesaid.

V. And whereas by the herein-before recited act of the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty^ it is among other things enacted, That the churchwardens or overseers of the poor of any parish, tithing, or place, shall, with the consent of the inhabitants, taken at a vefry in the manner therein mentioned, allow to any volunteer or volunteers, to serve in the militia of any county or place, the sum of six pounds each, to serve in the militia for such parish, tithing, orjplace: and whereas it is proper that the churchwardens or overseers of the poor of any parish, tithing, or place, should be impowered to allow a fur-

Parish officers therfum; be it therefore enacted, That such churchwardens and fen^of the^in over^eers and they are hereby impowered, with such con-

habitants may ^ent as aforesaid, to give to any volunteer or volunteers, inrolled allow iol. to by virtue of the said act, any sum or sums of money not exceeding volunteers. ten pounds each, such sum or sums of money to be raised and recovered in the same manner, and with the like power of appeal as is directed by the said act; any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every the rules, regulations, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, contained in the aforesaid act of the twenty-dxth year of his present Majesty's reign, or in any other act that shall be paded in this session of parliament, relative to the raising, training, paying, cloathing, embodying, and calling out the militia, shall be applied, practised, and put in execution, with respect to the additional volunteer companies, or volunteers added as privates as aforesaid, by this act directed to be raised, in as full and ample manner as if the said several rules, regulations, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, were herein again at large repeated and re-enacted in the body of this present act, save and except so far as the same are altered by any provisions contained in this act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That this act shall be and continue in force until the first: day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

CAP. XVII.

An act for regulating the portage and conveyance of letters by the carriage called The Penny Post.

[March 28, 1794.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS every letter sent by the penny post from London or Westminster, the borough of Southwark, or the respective suburbs thereof and delivered to any person at any place out of the

Powers of recited act, &c. to extend to this act.

Continuance of act.

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 17. 449

cities of London and Westminster, the borough of Southwark, the respective suburbs thereof is subject to the charge of one fenny, 1 cwr and above the penny paid upon putting every such letter into the penny post office: and whereas, towards dfraying the expence of a more frequent and speedy delivery of letters by the fenny post, it is reasonable that letters conveyed by the said carriage called The Penny Post, from places out of the said cities and borough, and the suburbs thereof to places within those cities and borough, a?d the suburbs thereof should be charged withjhe payment of an additional penny in like manner: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of I(* addftjona$ this act, it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty's post- letter^sent by master general, and his deputy and deputies, officer and officers, the Penny Po& by him thereunto sufficiently authorised, to demand, have, re- from anyplace ceive, and take for the conveyance of every letter originally sent without to any by the said carriage called The Penny Post, and not first passing London,* by the general post from any place out of the cities of London and Westminster* Westminster, the borough of Southwark, and the respective suburbs Southwark* thereof, to any place within the said cities and borough, and the suburbs thereof respectively, the sum of one penny in addition to the sum of one penny now payable for the conveyance of every such letter.

II. And whereas a penny per letter for every letter originally sent by the penny post (and not first passing by the general post), to any place within the delivery of the penny post is now paid on putting every such letter into a penny post office: and whereas it may be convenient that the postage of letters should be paid in one sum, either on putting in the same or on delivery thereof, at the option of the persons sending the same; be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be optional in the person and persons sending any letter or letters originally by the penny post (and not first passing by the general post), either to pay the postage of every such letter or not, as he or they may think proper, on putting the same into any penny post office, and that where the postage shall be paid by the person sending the same, such letter shall be delivered free from any other rate or duty of postage.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and maybe lawful to and for his Majesty's postmaster general, and his deputy and deputies, officer and officers, to demand, have, receive, and take for the conveyance of every letter originally sent by the penny post, (and not first passing by the general post), the postage whereof shall not be paid on putting the same into a penny post office, the several rates or sums of money herein after mentioned; (that is to say),

For the conveyance of every letter sent from any place within Rates, the cities of London and Westmin/hr, the borough of Southwark, and the respective suburbs thereof, to any other place within the

fa ure

Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 17. [1794.

same cities and borough, and the suburbs thereof, the sum of one penny:

And for the conveyance of every letter sent from any place within the same cities and borough, and the suburbs thereof, to any place out of the same, the sum of two-pence

And for the conveyance of every letter sent from any place out of the said cities and borough, and the suburbs thereof respectively, to any place within the same, or from any place out of the said cities and borough, and the suburbs thereof, to any other place out of the same, the sum of two-pence.

id. to be paid on putting letters into the penny to be forwarded by the general poll.

IV. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend to exempt letters put into a penny poll: office to be forwarded by the general poll, from the payment of the duty now chargeable thereon on putting the same into such penny post, but that the sum of one penny a letter for each letter put into a penny post office to be forwarded by the general post, shall be pftid upon putting the same into a penny poll office as heretofore; any thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the sum of one penny per letter, payable upon the delivery of every letter originally passing by the general post, directed to any person at any place or places beyond the delivery of the inland or foreign department of the general post office, and within the delivery of the penny post, shall be paid on delivery by the penny post, in the manner directed by an act, made and passed in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, (intituled An act to alter certain rates of postage, and to amende explain, and paid agreeable cn\arge fenjcral provisions in an adty made in the ninth year of the reign of Queen Anne, and in other aPts relating to the revenue of the poji office) any thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

VI. And -whereas the conveyance of letters by the penny post is by law limited to ten English miles dislant from the general post office in London: and whereas it may be expedient to extend the conveyance of letters by the Jaicl post beyond that distance in certain cajes y be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty's postmaster genera], for the time being, at any time after the passing of this act, at his and their discretion to extend the conveyance and deli-yond 10 miles very of letters by the said carriage called The Penny Pofty beyond

The id. for letters passing originally by the general post to places out of its limits of delivery and within those of the penny post, to b<

10 5 Grto. 3 c. 25.0

The delivery of letters by the penny post may be extended be-

from the general post office.

'The powers of this act to extend to act places where penny post offices are or shall be established

the distance of ten English miles from the said general post office in London; any law, tlatute, custom, or usage to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every the powers, authorities, and regulations herein contained, with respect to the post called The Penny Pofty estabbshed within the cities of London and Westminstevy and borough of Southv warky and the respective suburbs thereof, shall extend and be applied to the several cities and towns, and the places adjacent thereto

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. iS. 451

respectively, in which penny post offices are already established, or hereafter maybe established, within Great Britain and that the postmaster general, for the time being, shall and may in his discretion extend the conveyance and delivery of letters by the penny post beyond the distance of ten English miles from such cities and towns in which penny post offices are already or may hereafter be established, and that the same rates of portage hereby made payable, shall and may be received in such cities, towns, and places respectively.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That The surplus the surplus which shall remain at the end of each quarter of all at theemjTof monies arising by the said rates and duties by this act granted, each quarter after defraying the additional expence of the more frequent deli- to be deemed very of letters by the penny post, shall be, and be deemed part part of the of the revenue of the general letter office, or post office, or office Jhe^enerd of postmaster general, and shall be carried to and made part of post office, the consolidated fund.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons shall at any time or times be sued, molested, or prosecuted, for any thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this act, or of any clause, matter, or thing herein contained, such person and persons shall and may plead the general issue, and give General issue. the special matter in evidence for his or their defence; and if upon the trial a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him or them* Treble costs. against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. XVIII.

An act for granting rates of postage for the conveyance of letters and packets between Great Britain and the islands of Jersey and Guernsey, and within those islands.

[March 28, 1794.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it hath been found necessary for the convenience and improvement of trade and commerce, and for the more speedy conveyance of letters and packets between Great Britain and the islands of Jersey and Guernsey, and from thence to the islands of Alderney and Sark, to establish one or more packet boats between the port of Weymouth in the county of Dorset, or such other port in Great Britain, as his

Majestf s postmaster general for the time being shall appoint, and the ports of Jersey and Guernsey or one of them $ be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for Postage may his Majesty's postmaster general, and his deputy and deputies by him* thereunto sufficiently authorised, to and for the use of his tween Great Majesty, his heirs and successors, at any time after the parting of Britain and this act, to demand, have, receive, and take for the port and Jersey or conveyance of all and every the letters and packets that shall be Guernsey, or carried or conveyed by packet boats from or to the port of Wey- pey and J

mouth Guernsey.

452 Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 18. [1794.

mouth aforesaid, or from or to any other convenient port in the kingdom of Great Britain, to or from any of the ports of Jersey and Guernsey aforesaid, or either of them, and to or from the ports of Jersey from or to the ports of Guernsey (over and above all other rates payable for such letters or packets), according to the rates and sums in sterling money hereafter mentioned, the same being rated either by the letter or by the ounce; that is to say.

Rates.

Post offices and roads may be established in Jersey and

Guernsey, and the like rates taken for inland postage as in England.

Powers of9 Anne, c. 10.

6 Geo. r. c. 21.

26 Geo. z* c. 13.

For every single letter two-pence:

For every double letter four-pence

For every treble letter six-pence

And for every ounce eight-pence

And so in proportion for every packet of deeds, writs, or other things.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty's postmaster general, at any time after the passing of this act, to establish poll offices and poll: roads within the said islands of Jersey and Guernsey, or any of them, wherever it shall appear to him to be necessary and convenient for the benefit of trade and correspondence so to do; and that it shall and may be lawful for such postmaster general, and his deputy and deputies by him thereunto sufficiently authorised, to and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, to demand, have, receive, and take, for the inland port or conveyance of all letters and packets, sent or conveyed by the poll within the said islands of Jersey and Guernsey, or any or either of them, such rates of postage, in proportion to the number of miles or stages such letters and packets are carried or conveyed by the pod, as now are respectively settled, established, and ascertained, to be paid for the inland port or conveyance of letters and packets, within that part of Great Britain called England.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the establishment of one or more packet boats, between Great Britain and the said islands of Jersey and Guernsey, all and every the clauses, provisions, powers, privileges, advantages, disabilities, penalties, and methods, for the recovery of the same, and all other matters and things contained in an act, made in the ninth year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, intituled An act for establishing a general post office for all her Majesty's dominions, and for settling a weekly sum out of the revenues thereof for the service of the war, and other her Majesty's occasionsr (and not repealed or altered by any subsequent law); as also in an act, made in the sixth year of the reign of his majesty King George the First, intituled An act for preventing frauds and abuses in the publick revenues of excfle, customs, stamp duties, post office, and house money, so far as the said act relates to the post office; as also in an act, made in the twenty-sixth year of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for the more effectually preventing the fraudulent removal of tobacco, by land or ivater, and for the ease of thefair trader in tobacco, and for ascertaining the rates payable.

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 18, 4

lie for the portage of certain letters, and for amending and explaining the laws relating to the sale of spirituous liquors by retail, so far as the said act relates to the post office; as also in an act, made in the fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An 4 Geo. 3. act for preventing frauds and abuses, in relation to the fending and L* 2^' receiving of letters and packets free from the duty of post age; as also in an zGt, made in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, 5 Geo. 3. intituled An act to alter certain rates of p of age, and to amend\ ex- c* ^5* plain, and enlarge, several provisions in an act, made in the ninth year of the reign of fhieen Anne, and in other acts relating to the revenue of the post office; as also in an act, made in the seventh 7 Geo. 3. year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for c- S*.amending certain laws relating to the revenue of the post office; and for granting rates of post age for the conveyance of letters and packets, between Great Britain and the Isle of Man, and within that if and; as also in an act, made in the twenty-second year of the reign of 22, Geo. 3. his present Majesty, intituled An act to enable the commander in chief c. 7" of his Majesty's forces, and the secretary to the commander in chief of his Majesty's forces, to send and receive letters and packets free from the duty of postage; as also in an act, made in the twenty-third % 3 Geo. 3. year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to enable c' the adjutant general of his Majesty's forces, and the comptrollers of army accounts, to send and receive letters and packets, free from the duty of post age; and likewise in an act, made in the twenty-fourth 24 Geo. 3. year of the reign of his present majesty, intituled An act for grant- f*c. 37, trig to his Majesty certain additional rates of postage, for conveyance of letters and packets by the pof within the kingdom of Great Britain, for preventing frauds in the revenue, carried on by the conveyance of certain goods in letters and packets, and for further preventing frauds and abuses in relation to the sending and receiving of letters and packets free from posage, or in any other acct relating to the post office, or any other shall extend, and be deemed and construed to extend to the said ^fthe^oft islands of Jersey and Guernsey, and to each and every of them, and office, to ex-to all his Majesty's subjects within the same illes, as fully and efrec- tend to Jersey tually in every respect, as if the said several isles, and his Majesty's anc^ Guernsey* subjects therein, had been expressly included in the said several acts, or in any of them.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Surplus of the surplus which shall remain at the end of each quarter, of all ^ch monies arising by the said rates and duties by this act granted, after quarter to be defraying the additional expence of conveying letters between this deemed part kingdom and the islands of Guernsey and Jersey, shall be, and be or the revenue deemed part of the revenue of the general letter office, or post office, or office of postmaster general, and shall be carried to, and made part of the consolidated fund.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall be sued, molested, or prosecuted, for any thing done by virtue or in pursuance of this act, such person or persons shall and may plead the general issue, and give this act General issue. and the special matter in evidence in his, her, or their defence or defences; and if afterwards a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall discontinue his,

454

[Treble costs.]

Ad 1695.

Ad 14. Geo. 3,

Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 19. [1794.

her, or their action or prosecution, or be nonsuited, or judgement shall be given against him* her, or them, upon demurrer or otherwise, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him, her, or them, against such plaintiff or plaintiffs*

CAP. XIX.

An act to enable the governor and company of the bank of Scotland further to increase the capital stock of the said company.

[March 28, 1794.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act of the parliament of Scotland, made in the year one thousand six hundred and ninety-five, intituled An act for erecting a bank in Scotland, a joint stock amounting to the sum of twelve hundred thousand pounds Scots, that isy one hundred thousand pounds sterling, was allowed to he raised by the company thereby established, for carrying on and managing a publick bank; and certain persons therein mentioned were authorised to appoint a book for receiving the subjeruptions of such persons as were willing to become adventurers in the said joint stock: and by the said act it was declared., that cne thousand pounds Scots should be the lowefi, and twenty thou-find pounds Scots the highest sum which any person should be allowed to subscribe: and by the said act it was also declared, that all and every the persons subscribing and paying to the said stock as, aforesaid should be one body corporate and politick) by the name of The Governor and Company of the Rank of Scotland; under which name they should have perpetual succession, and should have a common feat: and by the said act it was directed, that within three months after the aforesaid subscriptions should be endedy the persons in the said act named) or any two of them, should appoint a certain day, and make due intimation of the same, that such and so many of the adventurers, and none other, as should each of them have subscribed for one thousand pounds or upwards in the said book of the joint stock, might elect and choose by a majority of votes, which were to be given one vote for every one thousand pounds Share in the stock, a fit person of the subjeri-bersy who had subscribed for himfilf at leaf for eight thousand pounds, to he governor of the said bank; and another fit person of the jubferibers, who should have subscribed for himfilf at leaf for six thousand pounds y to be deputy governor of the said bank; and also twenty-four other fit persons, who should have subscribed each of them for himself at leaf for three thousand pounds in the said joint stock, to be dir eft ors of the said bank; and certain other rules and regulations were thereby prescribed for the better ?nanaging and ordering the affairs of the said bank; and in pursuance of the aforesaid act the said bank vjas soon after efiablijhedy and has ever since continued: and whereas by an act of the parliament, of Great Britain, passed in the fourteenth year of his present Majestfs reign, intituled An act to enable the governor and company of the bank of Scotland to increase the capital stock of the said company, it was enacted, That within one month after the passing of the said act, or as soon after as might be, the court of ordinary directors of the said bank should appoint a book to be opened and kept at the office of the said bank 6^ Scotland, for receiving subscriptions for an additional capital

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 19. 455

or joint stock, to the extent of twelve hundred thoustand pounds Scots, or one hundred thousand pounds sterling money, and no more; in which book every person or persons possessed of a Share or shares of the original capital stock of the said bank of Scotland should be intitled to subscribe for as much of the said new or additional flock as he, she, or they should be possessed of, of the old or original flock, at the time of his, her, or their subscribing, and no more, or for a lesser number of shares thereof, if such person or persons flould so think proper: and by the said act it was further declared, that no proprietor should hold more than twenty shares of the old flock, or more than forty shares of the old and nezu together: and it was also by the said act further declared, that after the additional capital should be completed, no proprietor should be elected governor unless he had, upon the original and newflock together, paid in the fan of sixteen thousand pounds Scots; nor deputy governor unless he had, upon the original and new flock together, paid in twelve thousand pounds Scots; nor director unless he had, upon the original and nezu flock together, paid in six thousand pounds Scots; and that from and after the said period, no proprietor should be intitled to give his vote in the election of a governor, deputy governor, or director, or in any question in any general meeting, who was not possessed of two thousand pounds Scots of old or new flock, or old and new flock together, and who had not actually paid in the said two thousand pounds; and that every proprietor should have a vote for each two thousand pounds which he had actually paid in; provided always that no proprietor should ever be intitled to more than twenty votes: and whereas by another act of the parliament p/'Great Britain, passed in the twenty- Ad 24 Geo. 3. fourth year of his present Majestf s reign, intituled An act to enable the governor and company of the bank of Scotland further to increase the capital stock of the said company, it was enacted, That within one month after the passing of the said act, or as soon thereafter as might be, the court of ordinary director s of the said bank should appoint a book to be opened and kept at the office of the said bank of Scotland, for receiving subscriptions for an additional capital or joint stock to the extent of twelve hundred thousand pounds Scots, or one hundred thousand pounds sterling money, and no more; in which book every person or persons possessed of two or more shares of the capital stock of the said bank of Scotland at the time should be intitled to J'ubftribe for a proportional flare of the said nezu or additioal flock, cor-ref ponding to the flares Jb possessed by such perj'on or persons at the time of his, her, or their subscribing, and no more \ that is to say, that each proprietor then holding two flares of the flock should be intitled to subscribe for one Share of the nezu or additional stock, and no more; and jo in proportion: and it was by the said last recited act further enacted.

That it should be lazvful to the majority of a general meeting of the proprietors of the said bank to call for the whole or any part of the additional [lock, at such times and in fuel) proportions as they should think proper, provided that no subscriber should be called upon to pay up more than his just proportion of one hundred thousand pounds sterling, the amount of the then additional flock, corresponding to the nu?nber of flares subscribed for by hhn; but it should not be in the power of any subscriber to pay up the wfyole or any part of the then additional flock, until the

45^ Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 19. [1794.

same should be called for by a majority of a general meeting ofproprie-tors: and it was thereby further enacted, That no subscriber of the then additional flock should be intitled to draw any part of a dividend, either upon his old or new flocks until he had paid up his proportion of any call of flock that had been ordered by a majority of a general meeting of proprietors 5 and each subscriber of the then new flock failing to pay his proportion of such call should be charged with the legal interef upon it until the same was paid, and should have no vote at elections or general meetings while the same remained unpaid: anditwas there-by further enabledThat after the said additional flock had been completely paid iny no proprietor sould be elebled governor unless he should be possessed of twenty four thousand pounds Scots, nor deputy governor unless he should be possessed of eighteen thousand pounds Scots, nor director unless he should be possessed of nine thousand pounds Scots of the flock of the said governor and companyand that after the said additional flock had been completed, no proprietor should be intitled to give his vote in the ele biion of a governor, deputy governor, or director, or in any quefion in a general meeting, who was not possessed of three thousand pounds Scots of focky and who had not actually paid in the said three thousand pounds Scots; and that every proprietor should have a vote for each three thousand pounds Scots which he had ablu-ally paid in; and that no proprietor should ever be intitled to more than twenty votesy either in the annual election of governor, deputy governor, and directors, or in any question whatever that might occur or be ? made the subject of discussion at any general meeting of proprietors: and whereas by another abl of the parliament of Great Britain*puffed in A&jz Geo. 3. thirty-second year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act

to enable the governor and company of the bank of Scotland further to increase the capital stock of the said company, it was enable dy That within one month after the first day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, or as Jo on after as might bey the court of ordinany directors of the said bank should appoint a book to be opened and kept at the office of the said bank a/'Scotl a nd, y#r receiving subserip-tions for an additional capital or joint /lock to the extent of three millions six hundred thousand pounds Scots, or three hundred thousand poundsflerling money, and no morc\ in which book every person or persons poss.jfed of a fare or fares of the capital /lock of the said bank for the time should he intitled to subscribe for as much of the new or additional fock as hey fey or they should be possessed of at the time of subscribing, and no morey or for a Laffer number of fares, if such p erf on or persons so thought proper: and it was by the said last in part recited act further enabled, That it sould be lawful to the majority of a general meeting of the said proprietors to call for the whole any part of the new or additional Jlocky in such proportions as they sould think proper; provided that no subscriber sould be called upon to pay up more than his just proportion of three hundred thousand pounds sterling, the amount of the nevJ flock, corresponding io the number of new fares subscribed for by him; but it sould not be in the power of any subscriber to pay up the whole or any part of the new additional fock, until the same sould be called for by a majority of a general meeting of the proprietors: and it was thereby further enacted, That no subscriber of the then additional stock

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 19. 457

should be intitled to draw any part of a dividend., either upon his old or ncvo stock, until he had paid his proportion of any call of flock that had been ordered by a majority of a general meeting of proprietors; and each subscriber of new flock failing to pay his proportion of such call should be charged with the legal interest upon it until the same was paid and should have no vote at elections or general meetings while the same remained unpaid; and certain other rules and regulations ivere by the last recited act prescribed for the better ordering and managing the affairs of the said bank: and whereas the gradual augmentation of the capital of the said bank fl/'Scotland has been of great benefit to the nation; and it would be offill more benefit, and tend to the further advancement of agriculture, commerce, and manufactures, and be otherwise beneficial and expedient, that the capital stock of the said bank should be Jl ill further increased, fio as not to exceed in the whole the [urn of Uuelve millions Scots, or Gne millionJlerling: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That within one A subscription month after the first day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, or as soon after as may be, the court of ordinary direc- additional ca-tors of the said bank shall appoint a book to be opened and kept at pital. the office of the said bank of Scotland, for receiving subscriptions for an additional capital or joint stock, to the extent of four millions- eight hundred thousand pounds Scots, or four hundred thousand pounds sterling money, and no more'; in which book every person or persons possessed of three or more shares of the present capital stock of the said bank of Scotland shall be intitled to subscribe for two shares of the said new or additional stock, corresponding to the shares so possessed by such person or persons at the time.of his, her; or their subscribing, and no more.

II. And, in order that no person or persons possessed of flock in the said bank of Scotland may be deprived of the benefit thereby intended

them; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall be in Proprietors the power of every proprietor of the present capital stock of the may subscrib* said company, by a writing under his, her, or their hands, to au- P10*y. thoriie any person he, she, or they shall think proper, tosubscribe for him, her, or them; and the subscription of the person so authorised (had be equally effectual as if the proprietor who gives such authority had subscribed with his, her, or their hands.

III. And be it further enacted, That the privilege and prefer- Time limited ence of subscribing to the new or additional stock hereby given forlublcrip-to the proprietors of the "present capital stock of the said bank Lion*

shall be limited to three months from the time of opening the subscription book above mentioned; and after the expiration of the said term, in case any share or Glares of the said new or additional stock shall not have been subscribed for the said fabferip-tion book shall be (hut, and a general meeting of the proprietors calied, upon such notice as a court of ordinary directors shall think fit

at

whicri meeting the

(bare

shares not subscribed

for, shall be sold to the highest bidder, provided such bidder be a

i-Icw shares un subscribed for are to be proprietor dispoitd of.

Gain onfhares to be applied to the use of the bank.

If shares are

to be subscrib edfor.

Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 19. [1794.

proprietor of the present capital stock of the said bank, or be authorised and empowered to purchase for a person who is a proprietor of the capital stock, by a writing under his, her, or their hands.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in case any premium or gain be received upon or by the said sale or Tales, the same shall be applied for the benefit of the governor and company of the bank of Scotland.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any share or shares of the

notahdisposed new flock shall not be sold at the said general meeting of proprie-

tors, then an^ in that case the subscription book shall be imme-tiontobeagam'..n, a.r r

opened. diately again opened, and it mall be in the power or any person or persons to subscribe for such a number of shares as he, she, or they shall choose.

General meeting of proprie-

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to the majority of a general meeting of the said proprietors to

for^evv^ock ca^or w ^ 01 any Part new or additional flock to

be subscribed for in manner above directed, at such tim'es and in such proportions as they shall think proper; provided always that no subscriber shall be called upon to pay more than his just proportion of four hundred thousand pounds fteLding, the amount of the new flock corresponding to the number of shares subscribed for by him; but it shall not be in the power of any subscriber to pay up either the whole or any part of the new additional flock, until the same shall be called for by a majority of a general meeting of the proprietors.

No proprietor

VII. And be it further enacted, That no subscriber of new flock

of new ft ock to ke bitided to draw any part of a dividend, either upon his

drsLVv r divi v*' m.

old or new flock, until he has paid his proportion of any call of flock that has been ordered by a majority of a general meeting of proprietors; and each subscriber of new flock failing to pay his proportion of such call shall be charged with the legal interest upon it, until the same be paid, and shall have no vote at elections or general meetings while the same remains unpaid.

VIII. And it is hereby enacted, That a certificate, under the hand of the accountant of the said bank, certifying that a call or in^a^, ftnftrn" ca^s^ave not been paid by any of the persons who have subscribed persons failing themselves to the said new flock, or by any of the persons for to pay in their whom any other person, empowered as aforesaid, has subscribed calls. to the said flock, shall, when produced with this act to the court of session, be a sufficient warrant to the said court for issuing letters of horning against such person or persons, for the call or calls unpaid by them, at the instance or suit of the treasurer of the said bank.

General meet-

IX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall ing of proprie- be in the power of any general meeting of the proprietors of the tors to said bank of Scotland, at any time after the subscription for the

by^ublick or l'a^ new flock, to dispose by sale, publick or private, or by sub-pri vate sale, or scription or other wise, as they shall think proper, of such part or by iubfcrip- parts thereof as they shall judge expedient, in such towns, coun-t: orij in such tjec? and districts, where the said governor and company of the

bank

dend till his call is paid in.

Court of session to issue

1794O Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 20; 459

bank of Scotland have or shall have branches or banking offices, places where subject to such regulations and limitations as shall be made by the ^nches or^ court of ordinary directors of the said bank at Edinburgh, and banking of-shall be acceded to by the persons to whom the said additional flees.

Hock shall be disposed of.

X. And it is hereby provided and declared, That the said act Former atfts of parliament of Scotland, in the year one thousand six hundred Xre^" and ninety-five, excepting so far as the same is altered by the said altered by this acts of the fourteenth, twenty-fourth, and thirty-second years of ad.

his present Majesty, and also the said act of the fourteenth of his present Majesty, excepting so far as the same is altered by the said acts of the twenty fourth and thirty-second of his present Majesty, and the said other acts of the twenty-fourth and thirty-second of his present Majesty shall remain in full force in all points, excepting in so far as the same are altered by this act.

[Publick act.]

XI. And lastly, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall be deemed a publick act, and shall be judicially taken

notice of by all judges, justices, and others whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XX.

An act for repealing the duties on paper, pasteboard., millboard., scale-boardy and glazed paper; and for granting other duties in lieu thereof  [April 4, 1794.]

Most gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an adty made in the twenty-seventh year of the 3 ft reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for repealing 27 Geo. 3. c. the several duties of customs and excile, and granting other du- I3> and ties in lieu thereof, and for applying the said duties, together with the other duties composing the publick revenue; for permitting the importation of certain goods, wares, and merchandize, the produce or manufacture of the European dominions, of the French king into this kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed monies remaining in the exchequer for the payment of annuities on lives, to the reduction of the national debt; certain duties of customs are imposed upon paper, pajleboardsy millboards, ami scaleboards imported into Great Britain; and by the J'aid adfy and another act ? made in the twenty-seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty^ intituled An act for making allowances to the dealers % 1 ^eo; 3-in foreign wines'for the stock of certain foreign wines in their 319 recitc* possession at a certain time, upon which the duties on importation have been paid; and for amending several laws relative to the revenue of excise; certain duties of excise are imposed upon all papers^ pajieboardsy millboards, and scaleboards, mads in Great Britain: we, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain in parliament assembled, thinking it expedient to repeal the said duties of customs and excise, and to grant other duties in lieu thereof, do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be* it enacted by the King's most excellent

460 Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 20. [1794.

majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament Duties impof- assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and ed by recited after t^e fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-ae, repea e, four5 the said duties of customs and excise shall respectively cease and determine, and be no longer paid or payable, save and except in all cases relating to the recovering or paying any arrears thereof respectively, which may at that time remain unpaid, or to any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, fines, penalties, or forfeitures relating thereto, which may have been incurred at any time before, or on the said fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred the duties on and ninety-four: provided always nevertheless, That nothing in

ban^i/T See conta^nec^ extend, or be deemed or construed to

langmgs, uc. exten(^ <-0 repea} the duties of excise by the said recited acts, or either of them, imposed, for or in respect of paper printed, painted, or stained in Great Britain, to serve for hangings or other uses, or the duties of customs for or in respect of such paper imported into Great Britain; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, in lieu and instead of the said respective duties of customs and excise hereby repealed, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto his Majesty, his heirs and sucessors, the several duties of customs and excile herein after respectively mentioned; (that is to say),

excepted

and the following duties to be paid

For writing, drawing, printing, &c. paper imported iod. and for such papers made in Great Britain, 2d. aq. per lb.

For coloured and whited brown papers imported 4d. and for such made in Great Britain, id. per lb.

For brown paper imported ad. and for such made in Great Britain, aq. per lb.

For every pound weight avoirdupois of paper, fit or proper, or that may be used for or applied to the uses or purposes of writing, drawing, and printing, or either of them, and of all elephant papers, and all cartridge papers, which shall be imported into Great Britain, whether by the East India company or other wise, a custom duty of ten-pence; and for every pound weight avoirdupois of all such papers which shall be made in Great Britain, an excise duty of two-pence halfpenny:

For every pound weight avoirdupois of coloured papers, and whited brown papers (other than and except elephant and cartridge papers), fit and proper for the use or purpose of wrapping up goods, and not fit or proper, or capable of being used for or applied to the uses or purposes of writing, drawing, and printing, or either of them, which shall be imported into Great Britain, whether by the East India company or otherwise, a custom duty of four-pence; and for every pound weight avoirdupois of all such papers (except as aforesaid) which shall be made in Great Britain^ an excise duty of one penny:

For every pound weight avoirdupois of brown paper, fit and proper for the use or purpose of wrapping up goods, and not fit or proper, or capable of being used for or applied to the uses or purposes of writing, drawing, and printing, or either of them, which shall be imported into Great Britain, whether by the East India company or otherwise, a custom duty of two-pence; and

1794O Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 20.

for every pound weight avoirdupois of such brown paper, which shall be made in Great Britain, an excise duty of one halfpenny: ^fort"of

For every pound weight avoirdupois of every fort or kind ^papPr import-paper, not herein-before enumerated or described, which shall be ed iod. and imported into Great Britain, whether by the East India company for every other or otherwise, a custom duty of tcn-pence; and for every pound Q^itahr weight avoirdupois of such non-enumerated paper, (other than exrept sheat- and except papers commonly called and known by the names of ing and But-Sheating Paper, and Button Paper, or Button Board), which shall ton, 2d. 29. be made in Great Britain, an excise duty of two-pence halfpenny: Per

For every one hundred weight of pasteboard, millboard, and Forpafle^mill, scaleboard, which shall be imported into Great Britain, whether f^porte^aos by the East India company or otherwise, a culiom duty of twenty anci ior such shillings; and for every one hundred weight of pasteboard, mill- made in Great board, and scaleboard, which shall be made in Great Britain, an Britain ios.6d. excise duty of ten shillings and sixpence, and so in proportion for cwt* any greater or lefTer quantity of the same respectively:

For every one hundred weight of glazed paper for cloathiers For glazed pa^ and hot prefers, which shall be imported into Great Britain, whether by the Eojl India company or otherwise, a custom duty maje ia of twelve shillings; and for every one hundred weight of glazed Great Britain paper which shall be made in Great Britain, an excise duty of fix 6s* Per cwt* shillings, and so in proportion for any greater or lefTer quantity:

For every pound weight avoirdupois of printed, painted, or For paper for stained paper for hangings, which shall be imported into Great pQ^t-dTd^er Britain, whether by the East India company or otherwise, over {5. '1

and above all other duties of customs imposed thereon, an additional custom duty of sixpence, and so in proportion for any greater or leiTer quantity:

And for every hundred weight of books, whether bound or And for boobs unbound, which shall be imported into Great Britain, whether t1*

by the East India company or otherwise, over and above all other cwtT* duties of customs imposed thereon, an additional custom duty of one pound three shillings and four-pence, and so in proportion for any greater or lefTer quantity:

Which said several custom duties upon paper, pasteboard, mill- Duties to be board, scaleboard, and glazed paper respectively imported into P'uc* ^ie Great Britain, shall be paid by the importers thereof respectively; mai-ers, and the said several duties of excise upon paper, pasteboard, mill-board, scaleboard, and glazed paper, made in Great Britain, shall be paid by the makers thereof respectively.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Duties to be such of the said duties of customs by this act imposed as shall arise or become due in that part of Great Britain called England, comiiuf-shall be under the management of the commissioners of the cuf- Honers of customs in England for the time being, and such thereof as shall toms and ex-arise or become due in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, yi(e respect, shall be under the management of the commissioners of the cuf- lVc j: pms in Scotland for the time being; and that such of the excise

462 Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 20. [1794.

duties by this act imposed, as shall arise or become due in that part of Great Britain called England, shall be under the management of the commissioners of excise in England for the time being, and such thereof as shall arise or become due in that part of Great Britain called Scotlandr, shall be under the management of the commissioners of excise in Scotland for the time being.

The different

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That classes of pa- paper fit or proper, or that may be used for or applied to the Per* uses or purposes of writing, drawing, and printing, or either of them; and also all elephant papers, and all cartridge papers, which shall be made in Great Britain, shall be denominated, deemed, and taken to be papers of the first class within the meaning of this act; that all coloured papers and all whited brown papers (not being elephant or cartridge papers), which shall be made in Great Britain, lit and proper for the use or purpose of wrapping up goods, and not fit or proper or capable of being used for or applied to the uses or purposes of writing, drawing, and printing, or either of them, shall be denominated, deemed, and taken to be paper of the second class within the meaning of this act; that all brown paper which shall be made in Great Britain, fit and proper for the use or purpose of wrapping up goods, and not fit or proper or capable of being used for or applied to the uses or purposes of writing, drawing, and printing, or either of them, shall be denominated, deemed, and taken to be paper of the third class within the meaning of this act; that every fort or kind of paper, not enumerated or described in any of the three classes herein-before mentioned (other than and except papers commonly called and known by the names of Sheating Paper, and Button Paper, or Button Board), which shall be made in Great Britain, shall be denominated, deemed, and taken to be paper of the fourth class within the meaning of this act; and that ail paste-board, millboard, scaleboard, and glazed paper for cloathiers and hot preffers, made in Great Britain, shall be denominated, deemed, and taken to be of the fifth class within the meaning of this act.

Makers of pa-

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That per, paste- all and every maker and makers of paper, pasteboard, millboard, make a^entr fca^ekarch or glazed paper, before he, she, or they shall make with the ex-^any paPer> pasteboard, millboard, scaleboard, or glazed paper, cife officer of shall, from time to time, make true and particular entry in writ-their mills, &c. ing of every mill, workhouse, warehouse, storehouse, room, and other place, by him, her, or them respectively intended to be made use of in or for the making, drying, or keeping paper, pasteboard, millboard, scaleboard, or glazed paper, or any materials proper to be made into paper, pasteboard, millboard, scaleboard, or glazed paper respectively, and of all vats, prestes, utensils, and vessels by him, her, or them intended to be used in or for the making paper, pasteboard, millboard, scaleboard, or glazed paper, at the office of excise within the compass or limits whereof such mill, workhouse, warehouse, storehouse, room, and other Penalty for place respectively shall be situate; and if any such maker or negkdt. makers shall neglect to make any such entry, he, file, or they

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 20. 463

shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds, together with all the paper, pasteboard, millboard, scaleboard, and glazed paper respectively, and all the materials proper to be made into paper, pasteboard, millboard, scaleboard, or glazed paper respectively, which shall at anytime be found in any mill, work-house, warehouse, storehouse, room, or other place, used in or for the making, drying, or keeping of paper, pasteboard, mill-board, scaleboard, or glazed paper, whereof no such entry shall be made, and also all such vats, prefies, utensils, and vessels, whereof no such entry shall be made.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That All paper, &c. all paper, pasteboard, millboard, scaleboard, and glazed paper ^rtain^whatsoever, made in Great Britain^ shall be made up by the quantities, maker or makers thereof in manner herein after mentioned; that

is to say, All such paper when made, shall be immediately made up into quires, each such quire to consist of twenty-four sheets, and such quires shall immediately afterwards be made up into reams or bundles, each such ream to consist of twenty such quires, and each such bundle to consist of forty such quires; and all such pasteboard, millboard, scaleboard, and glazed paper respectively, shall be immediately made up into pareels, each such parcel containing even dozens of sheets, and not less than twenty-four nor more than seventy-two sheets each parcel and all quires, reams, and bundles of paper, and all parcels of pasteboard, millboard, scaleboard, or glazed paper, shall within the meaning of this act be deemed to consist of such quantities respectively, and of no other; and if any such maker or makers of paper, pasteboard, Penalty for millboard, scaleboard, or glazed paper, shall neglect so to make default, up such paper, pasteboard, millboard, scaleboard, or glazed paper, or shall at any time make up any paper, pasteboard, millboard, scaleboard, or glazed paper, made in Great Britain, contrary to the directions aforesaid, such maker and makers shall for each and every such offence forfeit the sum of fifty pounds, and also all the paper, pasteboard, millboard, scaleboard, and glazed paper, respectively, made up contrary to the directions of this act.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Notice to be all and every maker and makers of paper, pasteboard, millboard, S^en to^the^ scaleboard, or glazed paper, whose mill or mills, or workhouse when papPr of workhouses is or are situate in any city or market town, who &c. is intend* shall have any paper, pasteboard, millboard, scaleboard, or glazed ed to be paper, to be weighed and charged with duty, shall give or cause welghed.

to be given to the officer of excise under whole Survey such maker or makers shall then be, twenty-four hours previous notice in

writing, of the particular hour and time of the day when such

paper, pasteboard, millboard, scaleboard, or glazed paper shall be to be weighed and charged with duty; and ail and every other

maker and makers of paper, pasteboard, millboard, scaleboard,

or glazed paper, who shall have any paper, pasteboard, millboard,

scaleboard, or glazed paper, to be weighed and charged with duty, shall give, or cause to be given, forty-eight hours previous Q^certo at

UOtice in writing in like manner; and the officer or officers of tend, and the

H h^excise paper, &c. % q

464 Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 20. [1794.

be produced excise shall, from time to time, attend agreeably to such notice

manner herein *verb anc* w^en an(l fon as officer or officers shall so specified. attend, such maker or makers, or his, her, or their servant or servants, shall produce and bring to such officer or officers all the paper, pasteboard, millboard, scaleboard, and glazed paper respectively, for or in respect whereof the duty is then intended to be charged, Vvrhich paper, pasteboard, millboard, scaleboard, and glazed paper shall be brought, inclosed or tied up in manner herein after mentioned; that is to say, All such paper shall be inclosed and tied up with strong thread or firing in several covers or wrappers containing one ream or bundle of paper each, and not more or less; and all such pasteboard, millboard, scaleboard, and glazed paper respectively, shall be tied up with strong thread or firing in such parcels as aforesaid, and that the different parts of such thread or firing shall pass over and cross each other at the middle of the ream or bundle of paper or parcel of pasteboard, millboard, scaleboard, and glazed paper respectively; and where the different parts of such thread or firing shall cross each other, the same shall be passed from thence over and across the ends and fides of such ream or bundle of paper, or parcel of pasteboard, millboard, scaleboard, or glazed paper respectively; and on each cover or wrapper, produced or brought to such officer or officers, there shall already be denominated, marked, written, or printed by the maker or makers of such paper, or by his, her, or their servant, in large and legible characters, and in words at length, the class of the paper inclosed in each such coyer or wrapper, dist in which of the said four first classes herein-before mentioned, the duty for or in respect of such paper is chargeable, together with the true number of such ream or bundle of paper, according to the numbers of such reams or bundles of paper, of each such class made by such maker or makers at such mill during the then current quarter of a year, commencing and to be computed from the fifth day of January, the fifth day of jfpril) the fifth day of July^ or the tenth day of October^ as the case may require, in each year^such number to be taken progressively, beginning one, two, and so onwards according to the number of reams or bundles of paper of each such class made at such mill in each such quarter of a year; and that on each such parcel of pasteboard, millboard, scaleboard, and glazed paper respectively, there shall in like manner, before the same shall be produced or brought to such officer or officers, be denominated, marked, written, or printed, in large and legible characters, and in words at length, the description of such pareel, and whether such- parcel is pasteboard, millboard, scaleboard, or glazed paper, and the number of sheets in each such pareel, together with the true progressive number of such parcel of pasteboard, millboard, and scaleboard, or glazed paper, made by such maker or makers at such mill during the then current quarter of a year, commenc-If paper, See, ing as aforesaid 5 and in case any maker or makers of paper, du ^mthe millboard, scaleboard, or glazed paper, shall not, at

uce 111 e the hour and time mentioned in such notice, produce to such

officer

proper manner, fresh notice to be given.

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 20. 465

officer or officers, all the paper, pasteboard, millboard, scaleboard, and glazed paper, for or in respect whereof any duty is then to be charged, such paper, pasteboard, millboard, scaleboard, and glazed paper respectively, being tied up, and the proper class and other the matters herein-before prescribed marked, written, or printed on the cover or wrapper of each such ream or bundle of paper, and on each such parcel of pasteboard, millboard, scaleboard, and glazed paper respectively, according to the directions of this act, then every such notice shall be and is hereby declared to be null and void, and every such maker or makers of paper, pasteboard, millboard, scaleboard, or glazed paper, shall be obliged to give a fresh and like notice before such paper, pasteboard, millboard, scaleboard, or glazed paper, shall be taken an account of or charged with duty, and before he, (lie, or they shall remove, carry, or fend away, or suffer to be removed, carried, or sent away any such paper, pasteboard, millboard, scaleboard, or glazed paper, from the mill where the same shall be made.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Commission-the said commissioners of excise, or the major part of them re- ers of excite spedlively, shall from time to time provide proper stamps, devices, stamps

or labels, for stamping or marking of all paper, pasteboard, mill-board, scaleboard, and glazed paper respectively, made in Great Britain, for or in respect whereof any duty of excise is by this act imposed, and shall cause such stamps, devices, or labels, to be distributed to the respective officers of excise for the purpose herein after mentioned; and the said stamps, devices, or labels respectively, or any of them, shall or may be altered or renewed from time to time as the said commissioners of excise respectively, or the major part of them respectively, shall think fit.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Penalty for if any person or persons whatsoever shall counterfeit, or cause to s be counterfeited, any stamp, device, or label, provided or directed to be used in pursuance of this act, or shall counterfeit, forge, or resemble the mark or impression of any such stamp or device upon any cover or wrapper of or belonging to, or used with or upon, any label affixed to any ream, bundle, or quantity of paper, or upon any pasteboard, millboard, scaleboard, or glazed paper, or shall have in his, her, or their custody or pofiession any such counterfeit stamp or device, knowing the same to be counterfeited, or shall have in his, her, or their custody or possession, or shall utter, vend, or fell, any paper with a counterfeit or forged mark rfellingpsper

a fru-or

or impression or any lucn stamp or device on the cover or wrapper of such paper, or on any label affixed thereto, or hny pasteboard, millboard, scaleboard, or glazed paper, with a counterfeit or forged mark or impression of any such stamp or device upon such pasteboard, millboard, scaleboard, or glazed paper, or upon any label affixed thereto, knowing the same to be so counterfeited or forged, or shall, upon any ream, bundle, or quantity of paper, which has not been duly entered with the proper officer or officers, and charged with the duty of excise imposed for or in respect of such paper, knowingly put or place any cover or wrapper having

' thereon

with a forged mark,

Directions to excise officers for stamping paper, &c.

Penalty for defacing marks on wrappers, &c.

Officers may take out fam-

Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 20. [1794.

thereon such counterfeit or forged mark or impression, or any such counterfeit label, or shall knowingly wrap or cover any ream, bundle, or quantity of paper, in any cover or wrapper used before as a cover or wrapper to any other quantity of paper, or shall knowingly affix, tie up, put, place, or'add, any pasteboard, mill-board, fealeboard, or glazed paper, having thereon the impression of any such stamp or device, or any label, whether such stamp, device, or label shall be true or counterfeit, to any pasteboard, millboard, fealeboard, or glazed paper, which has nor been duly entered with the proper officer, and charged with the duty of excise imposed for or in respect! thereof, then and in every such case, every such person so offending therein shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That when and so soon as the officer or officers of excise, attending to charge such paper, pasteboard, millboard, fealeboard, or glazed paper, shall be satisfied that the several conditions before speci-jfied have been fully complied with, according to the directions of this act, and shall have also ascertained the true quantities and weights of all such paper, pasteboard, millboard, fealeboard, and glazed paper respectively, such officer or officers shall forthwith stamp or mark each and every such ream and bundle of paper, and every such parcel of pasteboard, millboard, fealeboard, and glazed paper, for or in respect! whereof a duty of excise is by this act imposed, with the proper stamp or device to denote the duty of excise imposed for or in respect! of such paper, pasteboard, mill-board, fealeboard, and glazed paper respectively, being duly charged, or shall affix to each and every such ream or bundle of paper, or to every such parcel of pasteboard, millboard, fealeboard, and glazed paper, a proper label to denote the like duty being so charged; and such officer or officers shall forthwith also write his or their Christian and surnames on each and every such ream or bundle of paper, and on each and every such parcel of pasteboard, millboard, fealeboard, and glazed paper respectively, together with the date, day, and year in which the duty was charged for or in respect! thereof respectively; and if any person or persons shall wilfully deface, obliterate, or alter, any of the respective matters or things herein-before prescribed to be denominated, marked, written, or printed on the cover or wrapper of any such ream or bundle of paper, or upon any such pasteboard, millboard, fealeboard, or glazed paper, or any part thereof, after the respective stamps, marks, or labels shall have been put thereon by the officer or officers of excise, or shall wilfully deface or obliterate any impression of any such stamp or mark, or shall wilfully deface, obliterate, or alter, any such Christian or surname of any such officer or officers, or any part of such Christian or surname, or any such date, or any part thereof, the person or persons so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any officer or officers of excise, at

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 20. 467

all times, to untie and open any ream or bundle of paper tied up pies, and may-in any wrapper or cover having either of the aforesaid classes of founcfo?a*dif paper denominated, marked, written, or printed thereon, and to ferent class take thereout, by way of sample, one or more sheet or sheets of than marked paper, not exceeding one sheet out of each quire, paying for such on the wrap-sheet or sheets of paper so taken (if demanded) the market price Per> thereof; and if such officer or officers shall discover in any ream or bundle of such paper, any paper or papers of a different class than that which shall be denominated, marked, written, or printed on the cover or wrapper in which such paper shall be inclosed, then, and in such case, every such ream and bundle respectively shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of excise, and the person or persons who shall have mark- Penalty for ed, written, or printed any such false class on any such cover or ^afs ^ifwrap-wrapper shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of fifty per. pounds.

XIf. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every maker and makers of paper, pasteboard, mill-board, scaleboard, or glazed paper, shall, once in every six weeks, trieg the" make a true entry in writing at the office of excise within the excise office limits whereof such paper, pasteboard, millboard, scaleboard, or every fix glazed paper shall be made, of all the paper, pasteboard, mill- weeks of the board, scaleboard, and glazed paper respectively by him, her, or ^tlties them made, within such six weeks respectively; which entries shall contain the true classes of all such paper according to the said four classes herein-before mentioned, the number of reams and bundles of paper, and the real weights of the reams and bundles of paper respectively of each such class, and also the real number of pareels, and the quantity and weight of all such pasteboard, millboard, scaleboard, and glazed paper respectively, for or in respect whereof a duty of excise is by this act imposed, on pain to forfeit for every neglect of such entry the sum of fifty pounds; which entries shall be verified upon oath by the makers of such paper, pasteboard, millboard, scaleboard, and glazed paper respectively, or his, her, or their chief workman or servant employed in making the same; provided that no such maker or hut shall not makers shall be obliged to go further than the market town next to

to the place where such paper, pasteboard, millboard, scaleboard, than^he^ext and glazed paper respectively shall be made, for the making of market town, such entries as aforesaid, which oaths shall and may be administered by the proper collector, surveyor, or supervisor of excise, without any fee or charge for administering the same.

_ J # O O

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every maker or makers of paper, pasteboard, mill- Within fix board, scaleboard, or glazed paper, shall, from time to time, within six weeks after he, she, or they shall make, or ought to made, the have made such entry, of the paper, pasteboard, millboard, duty to be scaleboard, or glazed paper, by him, her, or them made as afore- Pajd on pe-said, pay and clear off all the duties of excise for all paper, paste- am ount'

t?oerd, millboard, scaleboard, or glazed paper by him, her, or '

them

fficer, &c.

468 Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 20.

[1794."

them respectively made, upon pain of forfeiting double the amount of such duties.

Nopaper, &c.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That until an^cVed no ma^er or ma^ers of paper, pasteboard, millboard, scaleboard, or count"shall be paper, shall remove, carry, or fend away, or suffer to be remo-

taken by the ved, carried, or sent away, from the mill where the same shall be made, any paper, pasteboard, millboard, scaleboard, or glazed paper by him, her, or them made, until the proper officer shall have taken an account thereof; nor shall remove any such paper in any less quantity than in a ream or bundle, nor any such pasteboard, millboard, scaleboard, or glazed paper, in any less quantity than the entire parcel in which the duty was charged, nor until every such ream and bundle of paper, and every such parcel of such pasteboard, mill-board, scaleboard, and glazed paper respectively, shall have been duly weighed and charged, and stamped, marked, or labelled, as herein is directed, nor shall remove, carry, or fend away, or suffer to be removed, carried, or sent away any such paper, without having thereon the cover or wrapper in which such paper was charged with the duty, nor any such paper, pasteboard, millboard, scaleboard, or glazed paper, without the impression of the officer's stamp or label, nor without the officer or officers Christian and surnames, together with the day and year when such duty in respect thereof was charged, and the several matters herein-before in that behalf prescribed being marked, written, printed, or fixed on such cover or wrapper of paper, or on such pasteboard, mill-board, scaleboard, and glazed paper respectively, on pain of forfeiting the sum of fifty pounds for every such offence, and every such ream or bundle of paper, together with the package containing the same; and all such pasteboard, millboard, scaleboard, and glazed paper respectively, that shall be found removing or removed contrary to the directions of this acct, shall be forfeited, together with the horses or other cattle, carriages, boats, barges, or other vessels used in removing or carrying the same, and shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of excise.

Penalty for default.

No paper, Sec, to be removed

till 24 hours after weighing.

XV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That nomaker or makers of paper, pasteboard, millboard, scaleboard, or glazed paper, shall remove or convey away any paper, pasteboard, millboard, scaleboard, or glazed paper, from the mill or other place where the same shall have been weighed by the officer or officers of excise, for the purpose of charging the duty, before the expiration of twenty-four hours next after the same shall have Paper, See. been so weighed; and all and every maker and makers of paper,

weighed to be pasteboard, millboard, scaleboard, and glazed paper respectively, from other shall, from time to time, keep all such paper, pasteboard, mill-pareels, that board, scaleboard, and glazed paper respectively, which shall have the supervisor been so weighed, separate and apart from all other paper, paste-rnay re-weigh boarc|5 millboard, scaleboard, and glazed paper for the space of twenty-four hours from the time when the same shall have been so weighed, unless the same shall sooner have been re-weighed by the surveyor or supervisor of excise, to the end that such surveyor or supervisor may have an opportunity to re-weigh the same after

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 20. 469

such officer or officers; and if upon the re-weighing any such paper, pasteboard, millboard, scaleboard, or glazed paper, any additional weight shall be found, such paper, pasteboard, mill-board, scaleboard, or glazed paper shall be liable to, and chargeable with the said respective rates and duties of excise by this act: imposed for or in respect of such paper, pasteboard, millboard, scaleboard, or glazed paper, according to such last mentioned weight; and if any such maker or makers shall remove, or cause Penalty for or suffer to be removed, any such paper, pasteboard, millboard, default, scaleboard, or glazed paper, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, or shall not keep all paper, pasteboard, millboard, scaleboard, and glazed paper respectively, which shall have been weighed, separate and apart from all other paper, paste-beard, millboard, scaleboard, and glazed paper respectively, in manner herein-before directed, the maker or makers of such paper, pasteboard, millboard, scaleboard, or glazed paper so offending, shall, for each and every such offence, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds*

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing On 48 hours in this act contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to Previus no-extend, to hinder or prevent any maker or makers of paper from ^may^be fending such paper from the mill where the same shall be made, removed from upon forty-eight hours notice in writing being previously given one mill to

to the officer of excise under whose survey such maker or makers rno^heIto shall then be, to any other mill to be sized or finished fit for use, certificate011 in order that such officer may attend and take an account thereof, from the of* and provided that fitch paper be removed with a proper certifi- ficer, &c. cate from such officer, expressing the class and quantity of such paper, and that when such paper shall have been so removed to the mill, or place where the same is to be sized or made fit for use, the same shall be at such mill or place under the like directions as to stamping, marking, labelling, and all matters and things as if such paper had been finished and sized at the mill where made; and such maker or makers shall, for the breach of any of the directions aforesaid, be subject to the like penalty as he, she, or they would have been subject to if the said paper had not been removed.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every maker and makers of paper, pasteboard, mill- l^tper, board, scaleboard, or glazed paper, shall at all times keep all the ^g^parlee paper, pasteboard, millboard, scaleboard, and glazed paper re- from that u'n-ipeftively, by him, her, or them respectively made, which shall. stamped; and have been charged and stamped, marked, or labelled as aforesaid, one class apart, by the officer or officers of excise, separate and apart from all ^t^ran* paper, pasteboard, millboard, scaleboard, and glazed paper, which shall not have been charged and stamped, marked, or labelled by the officer or officers of excise, and shall also keep all paper which shall have been so marked, stamped, or labelled of one class, separate and apart from all other such paper so marked, stamped, or labelled of any other class, on pain that all and every such maker and makers offending therein, shall, for each and every such offence, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

Officers may enter mills, &c. and take an account of paper made, and make a report to the commissioners of excise, leaving a copy with the maker if demanded*

Penalty for not leaving such copy.

Makers to keep scales and weights for the use of the officer, on penalty of iool.

Penalty for providing false weights or scales, &c.

Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 2o.

[1794.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the officers of excise, or any or either of them, from time to time, and at all times by day or by night, but if in the night, then in the presence of a constable or other lawful officer of the peace, to enter into all and every the mills, workhouses, warehouses, storehouses, rooms, and other places, entered or made use of by any maker or makers of paper, pasteboard, millboard, scaleboard, or glazed paper, in or for the making, keeping, or drying paper, pasteboard, millboard, scaleboard, or glazed paper, or materials proper to be made into paper, pasteboard, millboard, scaleboard, or glazed paper, and by weighing, tale, or otherwise, as to such officer or officers shall seem meet, to take an account of the kinds and quantities of the paper, pasteboard, millboard, scaleboard, and glazed paper, which shall have been made by such maker or makers, from time to time, and shall thereof make a report or return in writing to the said commissioners of excise respectively, or to such person as they shall respectively appoint to receive the same, leaving or giving a true copy of such report under his hand, with, for, or to such maker or makers (if such copy shall be demanded in writing), and such report or return of the officer or officers shall be a charge upon such maker or makers respectively; and if any such officer shall refuse to give or leave a true copy of his report, in writing, at the time of taking such accounts, such copy being demanded as aforesaid, such officer shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of forty shillings to such maker or makers.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every maker and makers of paper, pasteboard, mill-board, scaleboard, or glazed paper, shall, and he, she, and they respectively are hereby required to keep sufficient and just scales and weights, at the place or places where he, she, or they shall make, or produce to be charged, any paper, pasteboard, millboard, scaleboard, or glazed paper, and also to permit and suffer any officer or officers of excise to use the same for the purpose of ascertaining the duties of excise, imposed by this act for or in respedof such paper, pasteboard, millboard, scaleboard, or glazed paper; and if any such maker or makers of paper, pasteboard, millboard, scaleboard, or glazed paper, shall neglect to keep such scales and weights, or either of them, or shall not permit or suffer any officer or officers of excise to use the same for the purpose aforesaid, he, she, or they, shall, for each and every such offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds; and if any such maker or makers of paper, pasteboard, millboard, scaleboard, or glased paper, shall, for the weighing of any such paper, pasteboard, mill-board, scaleboard, or glazed paper, provide or make use of, or cause or procure or suffer to be provided or made use of, any false, unjust, or inefficient scales or weights, or shall practise any art, device, or contrivance by which any such officer or officers may be hindered or prevented from, taking the just and true weight of any such paper, pasteboard, millboard, scaleboard, or glazed paper, then and in every such case such maker or makers of paper,

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 20. 471

pasteboard, millboard, scaleboard, or glazed paper, shall, for each and every such offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, together with all such false, unjust, or insufficient scales and weights respectively, and the same shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of excise.

XX. And be it further enacted, That all and every maker Makers to and makers of paper, pasteboard, millboard, scaleboard, or glazed

paper, shall, when and so often as he, she, or they shall be there- ing paper> unto required by the officer or officers of excise under whose survey he, she, or they, shall then be, or by any surveyor or supervisor of excise, bring or cause to be brought and put into and taken out of the scale, all paper, pasteboard, millboard, scaleboard, and glazed paper respectively, belonging to such maker or makers, and which such officer or officers shall be desirous to weigh and take an account of, or which such surveyor or supervisor shall be desirous to re-weigh; and shall also, on the request of such officer or officers, or surveyor or supervisor, by themselves respectively, and with a sufficient number of their servants, aid and assist, to the utmost of their power, such officer or officers in weighing and taking an account of, and such surveyor or supervisor of exqife, in re-weighing all such paper, pasteboard, millboard, scaleboard, and glazed paper respectively, of such maker or makers, on pain pena]tTrf0r of forfeiting for every neglect or refusal thereof, the sum of fifty negledU pounds.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all surveyors, supervisors, and officers of excise, shall in Officers to the weighing and re-weighing of all paper, pasteboard, millboard, scaleboard, or glared paper, for the purpose of charging the -in favour of duty of excise thereon, give the turn of the scale in favour of the the crown, crown, and in lieu thereof shall allow the makers of such paper, allowing the pasteboard, millboard, scaleboard, or glazed paper, two pounds m^cwt* weight avoirdupois upon each and every one hundred pounds of ^er CV. such paper, pasteboard, millboard, scaleboard, or glazed paper respectively so weighed, and so in proportion for any greater or lefTer quantity.

XXII. Provided always nevertheless, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no such maker or makers of paper, but no weight pasteboard, millboard, scaleboard, or glazed paper, shall, in the tess thaiI 1 lb. weighing of any paper, pasteboard, millboard, scaleboard, or glazed onbenafty'of paper, for the purpose of charging the duty of excise thereon, i0fing the make use of, or cause, permit, or fuller to be used, any weight allowance, less than a pound weight, on pain of forfeiting the said allowance

any thing herein-before contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding-i

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any paper, pasteboard, millboard, scaleboard, or Paper, &c. glazed paper, made in Great Britain, shall be fraudulently depo- fraudulently iited, hid, or concealed in anyplace or places whatsoever, with hid to be for-an intent to defraud his Majesty of any of the duties by this abb teited* 'imposed, for or in respect thereof, all such paper, pasteboard, millboard, scaleboard, and glazed paper respectively shall be forfeited,

pa

per, Sec. so concealed, on warrant for so doing.

472 Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 20. [1794.

feited, together with the packages containing the same, and shall fb^clTfo^a anc* m^Y ^e*ze<^ by any ^cer or officers of excise; and the

A c pa- better to enable such officer or officers to discover such paper, pasteboard, millboard, fealeboard, and glazed paper respectively so forfeited, if any such officer or officers of excise shall have cause to suspef that any such paper, pasteboard, millboard, fealeboard, or glazed paper, shall be so deposited, hid, or concealed, in any place or places whatsoever, then and in every such case if such place or places shall be within the limits of the chief office of excise in London, upon oath made by such officer or officers, before the commissioners of excise for the time being, or any two or more of them, or before one or more justice or justices of the peace of the county, city, or liberty where such place or places shall be, or in case such place or places shall be in any other part of Great Britain, upon oath made by such officer or officers before one or more justice or justices of the peace for the county, riding, shire, division, or place, where such officer or officers shall suspect the same to be deposited, hid, or concealed, setting forth the ground of his or their suspicion, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said of, or any two or more of them, or the justice or justices of the peace respectively, as the case may require, before whom such oath shall be made, if they or he shall judge it reasonable, by Special warrant or warrants, under his and their respective hands and Seals, to authorise and impower such officer or officers by day or by night, but if in the night, then in the presence of a constable or other lawful officer of the peace, to enter into all and every such place or places, where he or they shall so suspect such paper, pasteboard, millboard, fealeboard, or glazed paper respectively, to be so deposited, hid, or concealed, and to Seize and carry away all such paper, pasteboard, millboard, fealeboard, and glazed paper respectively, which he or they Avail then and there find so forfeited, together with the packages containing the same; and the person or persons in whose custody or possession the same shall be found. shall forfeit the Sum of fifty pounds.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, No stationer That no stationer or stationers, or dealer or dealers in paper, ffitoVis^oifef ^a^ bring, or receive into his, her, or their custody or possession, Aon anypaper any paper made in Great Britain which shall not at the time of made in Great such stationer or stationers, or dealer or dealers receiving the Britain but in same into his, her, or their custody or possession be an intire ream cm ire or j3Unc]]e paper? and inclosed in a cover or wrapper having thereon the impression of the officer's stamp or label denoting the duty of excise by this act imposed, to have been charged for or in respect of such paper, nor without the officer or officers Christiaa and Surnames, together with the day and year when such duty was charged, and the class directed to be marked, written, or printed at the time of such duty being charged, being on such cover or wrapper, on pain of forfeiting the sum of fifty pounds, together with all such paper which shall be so received by any such stationer or statioqers, or dealer or dealers in paper contrary

to

Penalty for such concealment*

an intire ream, &c.

Penalty for default.

473

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 20.

to the directions of this act, and all such paper shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of excise.

XXV. And be it farther enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no stationer or stationers, or dealer or dealers in paper, nor Nowrapperto any other person or persons whatsoever, Avail restore, return, re- be returned to deliver, or fend, or procure, permit, or suffer to be restored, re- emaver^ turned, re-delivered, or sent to any maker or makers of paper, nor to any mill, workhouse, storehouse, room, or other place, to any such maker or makers belonging, nor to any other place or places whatever, to or for the use of any maker or makers of paper, any wrapper or cover v/hich has been before used as a wrapper or cover to any paper, and marked, stamped, or labelled with the mark, stamp, or label directed by this act to be used, to denote the duties of excise imposed for or in respeef of any sort of paper being charged, but that ail and every stationer and stationers, or dealer and dealers in paper, shall, and they are respectively required, upon opening any ream or bundle of paper, forthwith to but on open-destroy, or cause to be destroyed, the wrapper or cover in which such paper was inclosed, and the impression of the mark or stamp, e e roye or the label put thereon by the officer or officers of excise, according to the directions of this act; nor shall any maker or makers Maker not to of paper receive, or cause, procure, permit, or suffer to be re- Receive any ceived, restored, returned, re-delivered, or sent to him, her, or uh wrapper, them, or to be kept or deposited at any mill, workhouse, storehouse, room, or other place to him, her, or them belonging, or at any other place to or for his, her, or their use, any such wrap^ per, cover, or label which has been before used as a cover, wrapper, or label to any quantity of paper, or in or with which any paper, pasteboard, millboard, (caleboard, or glazed paper has been removed, carried, or sent away by any maker or makers of Penalty on paper, on pain that every such stationer or dealer, or maker of fending1 Sor paper shall forfeit, for every such offence, thefumof one hundred maker receiv-pounds, together with every such wrapper, cover, or label, and the ing used wrap-fame shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of excise. Pers*

XXVI. Provided always nevertheless, That nothing herein- Penalty not to before contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to ex- extencl topa-tend, to instict the said penalty of one hundred pounds, for or on and Returned account of the not destroying or returning any wrapper or cover as difiiked. which hath been opened containing therein the same identical

ream or bundle of paper which was removed, carried, or sent away by the maker or makers thereof, and which is returned to him, her or them, on account of the same being disliked and refused by the person or persons to whom tire same was sent, or for or on account of the not destroying or returning any label affixed to such wrapper or cover; any thing herein-before contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstand'ing.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid*

That all the paper, pasteboard, millboard, fealeboard, and glazed Paper mated* paper, and all the materials and utensils for the making thereof, in^liable to the custody of any maker or makers of paper, pasteboard, mill- thfe*duti4 and board, fealeboard, or glazed paper, or of any person or persons to to peqaltfcs.

47 4

Paper made ir Great Britain may be expor ted, and a drawback allowed on certain conditions, See,

Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 2b.

[1794.

the use of or in trull for any maker or makers, shall be liable and subject to, and the same respectively are hereby made chargeable with, all the debts and duties for paper, pasteboard, millboard^ fealeboard, and glazed paper respectively made, in arrear and owing by such maker or makers, for any paper, pasteboard, millboard, fealeboard, or glazed paper, so made by him, her, or them, or in' his, her, or their mill, workhouse, warehoust, or other place, and shall also be subject and liable to satisfy all penalties and forfeitures incurred by such maker or makers, or other person or persons using such mill, workhouse, warehouse, or other place for any offence again! this act, relating to the said duties on paper, pasteboard, millboard, fealeboard, and glazed paper respectively, and it shall and may be lawful in all such cases to levy such debts, duties, and penalties, on such paper, pasteboard, millboard, fealeboard, glazed paper, materials, and utensils, or any of them, and toy use such proceedings as may lawfully be done in relation to papery pasteboard, millboard, fealeboard, or glazed paper, in case the debtors or offenders were the true and lawful owners of the same.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, 1 That it shall and may be lawful to and for ahy person or persons who shall have actually paid the duties by this act imposed, for or in respect of paper made in Great Britain, and to and for any other person and persons who shall buy, or be lawfully intitled unto any such paper from the person or persons who actually paid the duties for the lame, to export such paper to any parts beyond the seas by way of merchandize, tinder, subject, and according to the rules, regulations, re ft ri chons, provisions, fines, penalties, and forfeitures, slave'and except the oath herein after in that behalf required), so far as the same respectively are applicable thereto, which are contained, provided, settled, or established, in or by an act made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for directing the officers of excite to examine and certify the exportation ofexcifeabie commodities, or in or by any other act or acts of parliament relating to the exportation of paper made in Great Britain on drawback in force at and irrimediately before the passing of this act, save and except that in lieu and instead of that part herein after mentioned, of the oath or affirmation required by the said act of the twenty-fifth year aforesaid, to be made by the exporter, or his clerk or manager, that he believes the duties upon such commodities had been fully paid, such exporter, or his clerk or manager, ifiall make oath that he believes the duties of excise by this act imposed to have been fully paid for such paper, and thereupon a drawback of the said duty by this act imposed for or in respect of such paper shall be allowed; and the said several rules, regulations, restrictions, provisions, fines, penalties, and forfeitures (except as aforesaid), so far as the same respectively are applicable thereto, shall be in full force, and shall be, and the same are hereby directed to be observed, practised, applied, and put in execution upon such exportation of any such paper, as fully and effectually to all intents and purpose^ as if the same respectively had been re-enacted in the body of this act.

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. 2d;

XXIX. Provided always nevertheless, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That nothing in this act contained shall extend., Drawback not or be 'deemed dr construed to extend, to intitle any person or persons whatsoever to any such drawback for or in respect of any such per be inclosed paper, unless the officer of excise, who shall attend to fee such pa- in the wrapper per packed up in order to be exported, shall then find such paper in which it inclosed in the cover or wrapper in which the same was charged with duty, with the impression of the officer's stamp, and his 1 tX^' iC' Christian and surname, with the date of the charge of the duty for or in respect of such paper, and the class thereof, together with the several matters herein-before prescribed and directed to be marked, written, or printed, remaining on such cover or wrapper; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for such officer, ' who shall attend to fee such paper packed up as aforesaid, and such officer is hereby required to take off, or cause to be taken off, or to fee taken off, all and every the impressions of the officer's stamp or label from every ream or bundle of such paper intended to be packed up in order to be exported, before the same is packed up in order to be exported; any thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Thai:

It shall and may also be lawful to and for any person or persons using Printers of or exercising the trade or business of a printer or bookseller ih Great booksellers Britain, to export any printed books, either unbound, or bound ^o^ks oncer-with any materials respectively liable to any duties of exerse, and tain condi-for which the duties of excise imposed for or in respect: thereof tions* have been paid, and printed on paper of the first class herein-before mentioned, and for all which paper so to be exported the duty by this act imposed shall have been paid, to any parts beyond the seas, by way of merchandize^ under, subject, and according to the rules, regulations, restrictions, provisions, fines, penalties, and forfeitures, save and except the oaths herein after respectively required), so far as the said rules, regulations^ restrictions, provisions, fines, penalties, and forfeitures respectively, can or may be applied thereto, which are contained, provided, settled, or established, hi or by the said act made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty aforesaid, save and except that in lieu and inPcead of that part herein after mentioned of the oath or affirmation required by the said act, to be made by the exporter, -or his clerk or manager, that he believes the duties upon such commodities have been fully paid, such exporter* or his clerk or manager, shall, in case such printed books unbound shall be to be exported, make oath that he believes the duty of excise by this act imposed to have been fully paid for such paper, and also that he believes that no drawback has been before received by any person or persons whatever, for or in respsdt of such paper or any part thereof; and in case such printed books bound vfith any such materials as aforesaid, shall be to be exported, then such exporter or his clerk or manager, shall make further oath, besides the oath before mentioned, that he believes the several duties of excise by any act or as: s of parliament imposed for or in respect of

476 Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c/20.

[1794c/

the materials of which the binding is composed to have been paid; and that he believes that such book or books has not or have not? before been sold to any person or persons, not using or exercising' the trade or business of a printer or bookseller; and in case fuclf book or books shall be printed in the Latin, Greek, oriental, or northern languages, such exporter, or his clerk or manager, fha 11 -j' over and besides the several matters herein-before directed to be sworn to, make oath that he believes that the said book or books Was not or were not printed within the universities of Oxford znd Cambridge, or either of them, by permission of the vice chancellors of the same respectively, nor within the imiverfides of Scotland, or any of them, by permission of the principals of the same drawback to respectively, and that a drawback of two-pence per pound weight f ^h^x^oftall avGirduPis be avowed for and in respect of such printed

iibn exP0lta" books unbound or bound with such materials as aforesaid, under and subject to the said several rules, regulations* refiridions, provisions, fines, penalties, and forfeitures, (except as is in this behalf before excepted); an'd which rules, regulations, refiridions; provisions, fines, penalties; and forfeitures, (except as aforesaid), so far as the same respectively can or may be applied to the exportation of such printed books, shall be extended to the same respectively, and shall be in full force, and the same are hereby directed to be observed, practised, applied, and put in execution; upon such exportation cf such printed books, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the same respectively had been re-enacted in the body of this act.

Such draw-

XXXI. Provided always nevertheless* That nothing in this allowed\inlel^ conta^ne<^ extend, or be deemed or confirued to extend; the water intitle any person or persons whatsoever to any such drawback

mark be visible for or in respect of any such printed books, unless the paper therein the paper, of shall have visible in the fubfiance thereof a mark commonly books* &fn ca^ec* a Water Mark) of the date of the present year of our Lord in printed in the r^e flowing figures 1794, or in like manner of some subsequent universities, year of our Lord; nor for or in respect of the paper of any books &c. in the Latin, Greek, oriental* or northern languages, printed

within the two universities of Oxford and Cambridge, or either, of them, by per million of the vice chancellors of the same respectively, or within the imiverfities of Scotland, or any of them, by permission of the principals of the same respectively; nor for or in respect ofbibles, testaments, psalm books, or books of common prayes, printed in the universities of Oxford and Cambridge, or either of them, by permission of the vice chancellors of the same respectively; nor for or in respect of bibles* testaments, psalm books, books of common prayer, confession of faith, or larger or shorter catechisms, printed by the King's printers in England and Scotland respectively; nor for or in respect of any other printed books which have ever been before sold to any person not using and exercising the trade or business of a printer or bookseller: Nothing here- provided also, That nothing in this act contained shall extend ton to, a^e1f: deprive any person or persons of any drawback to which he, she,

fr'iporf ation of or they wou^ have been intitled if this act had not been made,

on

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 202 4fjj

on the exportation of paper which shall he made in Great Britain, paper charged and charged with duty 'before the passing of this act, but that every such drawback shall be allowed; any thing in this act con- this act. 1 tained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XXXII. And, for preventing frauds in the exportation of paper cn drawback, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Books with-That if any printer, bookseller, or other person, shall, in any out the water package or parcel of books intended for exportation on drawback, mai'k> See. put put or pack up any book or books, the paper whereof shall not tatioiTon^01> have visible in the substance thereof such water mark as aforesaid, drawback to or any book or books which shall have been previously sold to any be forfeited* person or persons not using or exercising the trade or business of a pi-inter or bookseller, or any book or books which shall have been before exported, or any book or books in the Latin, Greek, oriental, or northern languages, or any bible, testament, psalm book, or book of common prayer, confession of faith, pr larger or Shorter catechism, printed within the universities of England and Scotlandr, or any of them, by permission of the vice chancellors and principals of the same respectively, or any bible5 testament, psalm book, book of common prayer, confession of faith, or larger or shorter catechism, printed by the King*s printers in England and Scotland respectively, then, and in such case, all and every such package or pareel, and all the books of every kind therein contained, shall be forfeited, and the same shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of customs or excise.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any person or persons Stationers using or exercising the trade or business of a (rationer in Great may export Britain, to export any ruled account books made of paper of the ^oks^n^er" fird clas hereinbefore mentioned, bound with any materials re- tain co?idi- speftivcjy liable to any duties of excise, -(for all which paper so to tions

; be exported the duty by this act imposed shall have been paid), to any parts beyond the seas, by way of merchandize, under, subject, and according to the rules, regulations, restrictions, provisions, fines, penalties, and forfeitures, save and except the oaths herein after respectively required), so far as the Laid rules, regulations, restrictions, provisions, fines, penalties, and forfeitures respectively, can or may be applied thereto, which are contained, provided, settled, or established in or by the said act made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, save also and except that in lieu and in (lead of that part herein after mentioned of the oath or affirmation required by the said add to be made by the exporter, or his clerk or manager, that he believes the duties upon such commodities have been fully paid, such exporter or his clerk or manager, shall make oath that he believes the duty of excise by this act "imposed to have been fully paid for such paper, and also that he believes that no drawback has been before received by any person or persons whatever, for or in respect of such paper or any part thereof, and that ke believes the same have not before been sold to any person or persons not using or exercising the trade or business of a flationer, and that a drawback of two-

I*3 pence

be allowed on such exportation

but not unless the water mark be viable, &c.

478 Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 20. [1794.

drawback to pence per pound weight avoirdupois shall be allowed for and in respect of such ruled account books bound as aforesaid, under and subject to the said several rules, regulations, restrictions, provisions, fines, penalties, and forfeitures, (except as is in this behalf before excepted); and which rules, regulations, restrictions, fines, penalties, and forfeitures, (except as aforesaid), so far as the same respectively can or may be applied to the exportation of such ruled account books, shall be extended to the same respectively, and shall be in full force, and the same are hereby directed to be observed, practised, applied, and put in execution upon such exportation of such ruled account books, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the same respectively had been re-enacted in the body of this adh

XXXIV. Provided always nevertheless, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be deemed or confirmed to extend, to intitle any person or persons whatever to any such drawback for or in respect of any such ruled account books, unless the paper thereof shall have vifibie in the substance thereof a mark, commonly called a Water Mark, of the date of the present year of our Lord in the following figures 1794, or in like manner of some subsequent year of our Lord, nor lor or in respect of any ruled account books which have ever been before sold to any person not ufirrg and exercising the trade or bufmeds of a ffationer.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

prooFofpaper That if any question shall arise whether any paper is really and cla^marked ^Gna fi^e or belonging to the class marked, written, or printed,

on the cover on cver or wrapper containing the same (although such pa-tolie upon the per should appear to have been entered or kept in the officer's

books, as being of or belonging to such class), the proof of such paper being really and bona fide of and belonging to the class marked, written, or printed on the cover or wrapper containing the same, jffaail lie upon the owner or claimer of such paper by the paths of two or more credible witnesses, being skilful and experienced persons, competent to decide by examination thereof,

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons whatsoever shall assault, oppose, moled, obstruct, or hinder any officer or officers of excise in the due execution of this act, or of any of the powers or authorities given by this act, all and every such person or persons so offending shall, for every such offence, several iy forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds.

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That for the encouragement of learning, so much money as shall from time to time be paid for the duties of excise granted by this act for any quantities of paper which shall be used in the printing any books in the Latin, Greek, oriental, or northern languages, within the two universities of Oxford and Cambridge, or either of them, by permifhon of the vice chancellors of the same respectively, shall and may be drawn back and repaid in manner following; (that is to say), the chief manager of the prpfs in each of the said universities shall and may from time to ti me

make

owners.

Penalty for obstructing officers.

Duties on paper used in printing Latin books, &c. in the universities of England, may be drawn back in the manner herein speci-: fied;

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 20. 479

to make proof, by oath in writing, before the vice chancellor, who is hereby impowered to administer the same, expressing therein the kinds and quantities of the paper so used, and how much the excise duties thereof payable by this act doth amount to; which said oath in writing, certified by the vice chancellor, and produced to the lord treasurer, or of of the treasury for the time being, the said lord treasurer, or of of the treasury for the time being, fshall forthwith, from time to time, issue his or their orders or warrants to the respective commissioners of excise, to cause payment to be made of such money as the excise duties payable by this act for the paper so used in the printing of the said books in the said universities as aforesaid shall amount to; the same payment to be made without fee or charge whatsoever, and without delay, to such person or persons as the said respective vice chancellors shall authorise and apfooint to receive the same, out of any of the excise duties upon paper arising by this act; any thing in this act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That for the encouragement of learning, so much as shall as also for such from time to time be paid for the duties of excise granted by this act for any quantities of paper which shall be used in the printing ties of Scot-any books in the Latin, Greek, oriental, or northern languages land, within the universities of Scotland, or any of them, by permission of the principals of the same respectively, shall and may be drawn back.and repaid in manner following, (that is to say), the chief manager of the press in each of the said universities, shall and may from time to time make proof, by oath in writing before the principal (who is hereby impowered to administer the same), expressing therein the kinds and quantities of the paper so used, and how much the excise duty thereof payable by this acte doth amount to; which oath, in writing, being certified by the said principal, and produced to the lord treasurer, or the lords of of the treasury for the time being, shall forthwith from time to time issue his or their orders or warrants to the respective commissioners of excise, to cause payment to be made, of so much monies as the excise duties upon the paper so used in the printing of the said books, in the said universities of Scotland shall amount to; the same payments to be made without any fee or charge whatsoever, and without delay to such person or persons as the said respective principals shall authorise and appoint to receive the same, out of any of the excise duties upon paper arising by this act in Scotland; any thing in this act contained, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIX. Andwher eas it is expedient that an allowance should he made for all paper used in printing hibles, testaments, psalm books, books of common prayer, and confession of fait\ and the larger and shorter catechism; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the lord high Treasury to treasurer, or the lords commissioners of his Majesty's treasury for order a draw-the time being, upon being satisfied that the duty of excise by

this act imposed had been fully paid for any quantity of paper of ufg j in print-

I i the ing bibks, Sec.

4-So Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 20. [1794.

the first ckfs herein-before mentioned used in the universities of Oxford and Cambridge, or either of them, by permission of the vice chancellors of the same, or used by the King's printers in England and Scotland respectively, in the printing of bibles, testaments, psalm books, books of common prayer of the church of England, the book commonly called or known in Scotland by the name of the Confession of Faith, or the larger or shorter catechism of the church of Scotland; to issue his or their, orders or warrants, from time to time, authorising and directing the commissioners of excile in England and Scotland respectively, out of the duties by this act imposed for or in respect of paper made in Great Britain, to pay and allow to such vice chancellors and King's printers respectively, or to the person or persons by them respectively authorised to receive the same, a drawback or allowance of two-pence per pound weight, for all such paper used as aforesaid.

Conditions on

XL. Provided always nevertheless. That nothing in this act

which such contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to

drawbacks are

to be allowed - intlt!e any person or persons whatever, to any such drawback or

allowance, for or in respect of any such paper used in the printing any such bibles, testaments, psalm books, books of common prayer, confession of faith, or the larger or shorter catechism, unless the said paper shall have visible in the substance thereof a mark, Commonly called a Water Mark, of the date of the present year of our Lord, in the following figures 1794, or of some subsequent year of our Lord, nor unless the chief manager of the press in such universities respectively, or such King's printers in England and Scotland respectively, shall at least forty-eight hours before any such paper is begun to be prepared for printing, give or cause to be given to the proper officer of excise, a notice in writing of the intention to print such paper, specifying in such notice the number of reams or bundles of such paper so intended to be printed, and whether the same is to be printed for bibles, testaments, psalm books, common prayer books, books of confession of faith, or the larger or shorter catechism, of what size the intended impression or edition of such book intended to be printed is to be, and of how many copies the intended impression or edition thereof is to consist, nor unless all such paper shall, on such officer's attendance, be produced to him, inclosed in the original covers or wrappers in which the same was charged with duty, with the impression of the officer's (lamp and his Christian and surname, and the date of the charge of the duty, with the cl-afs of such paper, and the several matters herein-before prescribed and directed to be marked, written, or printed, remaining on such covers or wrappers respectively, nor unless such chief managers or King's printers respectively, shall provide good and sufficient feales and weights, and permit and assist such officer to use the same for the purpose of ascertaining the true quantity and weight of such paper, nor unless the chief manager of the press in'such universities respectively, or such King's printers respectively, shall, in like manner, within one month next after the whole of such impression or edition shall have been printed off, dried, and finish-

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 20. 4S1

ed, give or cause to be given to the proper officer of excise forty-eight hours notice in writing of such impression or edition being printed off, dried, and finished, and thereupon such officer shall attend and inspedf, examine, and weigh the whole of such impression or edition unbound and in sheets, and shall thereupon give and deliver to such chief manager of the press or King's printer, as the case may require, a certificate in writing of his having so done, specifying therein the name of such book, together with the size thereof, and the number of copies of which such impression or edition consists, and the weight of the paper on which the same is printed, but if such weight shall exceed the weight of the paper actually produced to and taken account of by the proper officer previous to the printing thereof as aforesaid, then and in such case such last mentioned weight shall be inserted in such certificate, and the allowance shall be made for no greater quantity or weight than the weight specified in such certificate; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLI. Provided also, That no such allowance shall be made for or in respect of any such paper used in the printing any such which inch bibles, testaments, psalm books, books of common prayer, con- drawbacks are session of faith, or the larger or shorter catechisms, unless the to be allowed, chief manager of the press in such universities respectively, or such King's printers respectively, shall make and subscribe on the back of such certificate such oath in writing as is in each respective case herein after prescribed; that is to say, the chief manager of the press in the said universities of Oxford and Cambridge respectively, shall make oath before the vice chancellors of the said universities reflectively, (which oaths they the said vice chancellors respectively are hereby authorised and impowered to administer), of the quantity and weight of the paper actually made use of in the printing of any such impression or edition of the bible, testament, psalm book, book of common prayer, confession of faith, or larger or shorter catechism, as the case may be, and that such chief manager of the press believes the duty by this act imposed for or in respect of such paper used in the printing of the impression or edition mentioned in such certificate, has been fully paid, and that no drawback or allowance has been before claimed or paid for or in respect of such paper, or any part thereof; and the King's printers in England and Scotland respectively, shall make oath before the commissioners of excise, or any two or more of them, in England and Scotland respectively, (which oath they the said respective of are hereby authorised and impowered to administer), of the quantity and weight of the paper actually made use of in the printing of any such impression or edition of the bible, testament, psalm book, book of common prayer, confession of faith, or larger or shorter catechism, as the case may require; and that such King's printer believes the duty by this act imposed for or in respect of such paper used in the printing of such impression or edition has been fully paid, and that no drawback or allowance has been before claimed or paid for or

482 Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 20. [1794.

in respect of such paper, or any part thereof, and that the whole of the said impression or edition of such bible, testament, psalm book, book of common prayer, confession of faith, or larger or shorter catechism, has been printed by him or them at his or their usual and ordinary printing house, on his or their own account, under and by virtue of the exclusive patent, authority, or privilege belonging to him or them as such King's printer, and for his or their foie and entire benefit, profit, emolument, and advantage.

XLII. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That pafie-Britaii^oY^oarc^ m Great Britain, wholly of paper, which shall have

per which shall Pa*l(^ the duties charged and chargeable by this act:, shall not be have paid the charged with any further or other duties by virtue of this act, duty not liable upon the parting or annexing together the sheets of such paper, and its receiving thereby the denomination of pasteboard or parted paper.

XLIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Persons taking That any person or persons who shall be convicted of wilfully a false oath to taking a false oath, in any of the cases in which an oath" is required to be taken, by virtue of this or any other act or acts of parliament in force immediately before the passing of this act, in order to obtain any drawback or allowance by this act granted, shad be liable to the pains and penalties to which persons are liable for wilful and corrupt perjury.

XLIV. And whereas it is expedient that foreign paper should not he alloiued to be imported in any less quantity than d ream; be it Foreign paper therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any foreign imported in paper, from and after the fifth day of April one thousand seven than^a reanf hundred and ninety-four, shall be imported or brought into the forfeited. kingdom of Great Britain, in any less quantity than a ream, each such ream containing twenty quires, and each quire thereof twenty-four sheets, the same shall fie forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of the customs.

XLV. And, in order to secure the due payment of the duties imposed by this act upon the importation of foreign paper -> be it further Officers of the enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the officer or officers of customs at the t}ie customs, at the port or place where any foreign paper shall be ruion toft amp imported, shall cause such paper, whether in a ream or exceeding foreign paper, a ream, to be marked, stamped, or sealed, in such manner as the and the commissioners of his Majesty's customs, or any four or more of them in England, or the commissioners of his Majesty's customs in Scotland., or any three or more, of th^m for the time being, shall of think fit to direct; and the said commissioners of the customs in

Pasteboard made in Great

to further charge.

be liable to the penalty for perjury.

to provide ft amps, &c.

England and Scotland reflectively shall, and they are hereby authorised and required to provide proper stamps, marks, or seals, for marking, damping, or sealing all foreign paper imported, to denote the charging the duties thereon, and the same to cause to be distributed to the proper officers of the customs, for the purposes in this act mentioned, which officers are hereby enjoined and required to mark, damp, or seal the same, in such manner as the said of respectively shall frorq time to time think

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 20; 483

fat to direct, which stamps, marks, or seals, to be provided in pursuance of this act, may be altered or renewed, from time to time, as the said respective of shall from time to time think fit to direct.

XLVI. And be it farther enabled by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons whatever shall, with intent to de- Penalty for fraud his Majesty of his jufh duties, wilfully cut out, obliterate, or deface, or wilfully suffer to be cut out, obliterated, or defaced,9

the stamp, mark, or seal, put by any such officer or officers of the customs, upon such foreign paper, to denote the proper charging of the duty on such paper, every such person or persons shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds for every ream or other parcel of paper on which the /tamp, mark, or seal, put by any such officer or officers, shall be so wilfully cut out, obliterated, or defaced.

XLVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no- Thisa&not to thing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to ex- alters Geo. 3. tend, to alter or vary or in anywise affect any of the provisions contained in an act passed in the thirty-second year of the reign of his present Majesty, (intituled An act for more effectually securing the duties upon foreign printed, painted, or flamed paper imported into Great Britain).

XLVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons whatsoever, shall counterfeit, or Penalty for cause to be counterfeited, any stamp, mark, or seal provided by the said commissioners of the customs in England and Scotland re-, spedHvely, in pursuance of this act, or shall counterfeit, forge, or referable the mark or impression of any such stamp, mark, or seal, upon any paper, or shall have in his, her, or their custody or possession any such counterfeit stamp, mark, or seal, knowing the same to be counterfeited, or shall have in his, her, or their custody or possession, or shall utter, vend, or fell any paper with a counterfeit or forged mark, or impression of any such stamp, mark, or seal, thereon, knowing the same to be so counterfeited or forged, or shall, upon any ream or quantity of foreign paper, which has not been duly entered with the proper officer or officers, of the customs, and charged with the duty of customs by this act imposed for or in respect of such paper, knowingly'put or place the impression of any such counterfeit or forged stamp, mark, or seal, or shall knowingly affix upon any ream or quantity of such paper, any stamp, mark, or seal, which shall have been before affixed, marked, stamped, or sealed upon any other ream or quantity of foreign paper, then, and in every such case, every such person so offending therein, shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds.

XLIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That after the duties of excise by this act imposed for or in te- An allowance specft of any paper, pasteboard, millboard, scaleboard, or glazed paper, made in Great Britain, shall have been paid, if any such intend-

paper, pasteboard, millboard, scaleboard, or glazed paper, shall ing'by water happen to be damaged by the casting away or linking of the barge within this

or kingdom, to

484 Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 20. [1794.

bepaldoncer- or vessel in which the same shall be transported from one part of 'ustice^attheC ^nS^om to another within the same, that the justices of the quarter fef- peace of the county, riding, shire, or division, where such acci-ftons. dent shall happen, shall at the next general quarter sessions to be

held for such county, riding, shire, or division, upon proof of such damage and of payment of the duties as aforesaid, determine and settle the quantity of the damage done to such paper, mill-board, pasteboard, fealeboard, or glazed paper, by the calling away or sinking of such barge or vessel, apd an allowance to be made in respect thereof, and to give a certificate under their hands and seals, or under the hands and seals of any two or more of them present at such sections, of the sum allowed, which allowance shall bear the same proportion to the whole of the duties so paid as the said damage shall appear to bear to the value of such paper, pasteboard, millboard, fealeboard, or glazed paper, before the same was so damaged; upon producing of which certificate to the officer appointed to collet): the said duties, he shall repay or allow to the proprietor or proprietors of such paper, pasteboard, millboard, fealeboard, or glazed paper, out of the duties paid for the same, so much money as the sum certified by the said justices shall amount unto, or in default thereof, that such proprietor of proprietors shall and may dedudf the allowance so certified out of the next or any other subsequent monies becoming due from such proprietor or proprietors, for or in respect of the duties imposed by this act? for or in respect of any paper, pasteboard, millboard, fealeboard, or glazed paper, by him, her, or _them, made in Great Britain.

L. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the autho-Noticeofin- rity aforesaid, That where any such loss or damage shall happen tention to^ap-as the person or persons, who shall sustain the same,

allowance to shall, three days at the leaf!: before the next general quarter fef-be given to the fions, give or leave notice in writing thereof with the collector collector commissioners of excise of the distridf or collection where such loss or damage excise. shall happen, and of his, her, or their intention of applying at

the next general quarter sessions of the peace, for such allowance in respect of such damage or loss,

LI. And whereas Jlanding contrails may have been made before the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety four by makers of or dealers in paper, for serving publick offices, societies, or private persons with paper, to be delivered in point of time after the said fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety four \ On paper de- be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That such livered after makers of, or dealers in paper serving such paper, after the said oifcont rafts4* ^ay dprilone thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, in

prior thereto, pursuance of such former contradfs, shall be allowed to add a sum an equivalent equivalent to the excess of duties by this act imposed for or in re-to the duty spect of such paper, over and above the duties hereby repealed, to toYhe orice^ the cntradf price of such paper, and such makers and dealers 1*shall be entitled by virtue of this act, to be paid for the same accordingly.

LII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 20. 4^5

all fines, penalties, and forfeitures imposed by this act, relating How penalties to paper, pasteboard, millboard, scaleboard, and glazed paper ay respectively, made in Great Britain, shall be sued for, recovered, to^e^pplied. levied, or mitigated, by such ways, means, or methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated by any law or laws of excise, or by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminflet, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland respectively, and that one moiety of every such fine, penalty, or forfeiture shall be to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him or them who shall inform, discover, or sue for the same.

LIII. And whereas it is expedient to repeal a certain act made in the twenty-first year of the reign of his present Majesty, (intituled,

An act for repealing the present duties upon paper, pasteboards, millboards, and scaleboards, made in Great Britain, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof) \ be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said act made in the twenty-hrft Geo. j. c. year of the reign of his present Majesty shall be, and the same is repealed, hereby repealed.

LIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Powers of all and every the powers, directions, rules, penalties, forfeitures, exteml

'clauses, matters, and things, which, in and by an act, made in to this act. the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, (intituled An act for taking away the court of wards and liveries, and tenures in capite, and by knights service and purveyance, and for settling a revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof), or by any other law now in force, relating to his Majesty's revenue of excise upon beer, ale, and other liquors, are provided and established for managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, or recovering, adjudging, or ascertaining the duties thereby granted, or any of them, (other than in such cases for which other penalties or provisions are made and prescribed by this act), shall be practised and put in execution in and for the managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering, and paying the said duties of excise upon paper, pasteboard, millboard, scaleboard, and glazed paper respectively hereby granted, as fully and effectually as if all and every the said powers, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in this present act.

LV. And be it further enacted, That the several duties of cuf- Duties of customs by this act imposed shall (except where any alteration is expressly made by this act) be managed, ascertained, raised, le- be raised astlre vied, collected, recovered, answered, and paid, in such and the duties repeallike manner, and in or by any or either of the means, ways, or ed were raised, methods, by which the duties of customs upon paper, pasteboard, millboard, scaleboard, and glazed paper respectively, by this act respectively repealed were or ought to be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, recovered, answered, and paid; and that all paper, pasteboard, millboard, scaleboard, and glazed paper respectively, for or in respect whereof any d uty of customs is by this

46 Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 26. [1794.

aft imposed, shall be, and the lame are hereby made subject and liable (except where any alteration is expressly made by this act J to all and every the conditions, rules, regulations, restrictions, provisions, and forfeitures respectively, to which goods, wares, or merchandize in general were subject and liable by any act or acts of parliament in force, at and immediately upon the commencement of this act, respecting the revenue of customs; and all and every fine, penalty, or forfeiture, of any nature 6r kind whatsoever, for any offence whatsoever committed against or in breach of any act or acts of parliament in force, at and immediately before the commencement of this act, made for securing the revenue of customs, or for the regulation or improvement thereof, and the several powers, directions, clauses, matters, and things therein contained, (unless where expressly altered by this act), shall and the same are hereby respectively directed and declared to extend to, and the same respectively shall be applied, practised, and put in execution, for and in respect of the said duties of customs by this act imposed, in as full and ample manner to all intents and purposes whatsoever, as if all and every the said acts, clauses, conditions, rules, regulations, restrictions, pro-tdiions, powers, directions, fines, pains, penalties, forfeitures, -matters, and things respectively, were particularly repeated and .^re-enacted in the body of this act.-

ttiar ^with ^VI. Provided always, That nothing in this act shall extend, t he duties1, any or construed to extend, to charge with the duties of customs of the afore- any of the aforesaid articles which shall be imported from the Ifie laid articles of Man, under the conditions, regulations, and restrictions of an thTme o^lan at^> ma^e the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, under 5 Geo. (intituled An act for the better securing and further improvement

3. c. 43. of the revenues of customs, exeije, inland and salt duties; and for encouraging the linen jiianufacture of the Isle of Man; and for allowing the importation of several goods, the produce and manufacture of the said ijlcind, under certain rejlrictions and regulations).

LVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful

Penalty on importing for sale, books

for any person or persons whatsoever, to import or bring into

first printed in this kingdom, for sale, any book or books first composed, writ--this kingdom ten, or printed, and published in this kingdom, and re-printed and re-printed in - any other country or place whatsoever, and if any person or in^any other, persons shall import or bring, or cause to be imported or brought^' into this kingdom, for sale, any printed book or books first composed, written, or printed and published in this kingdom, and reprinted in any other country or place as aforesaid, or shall knowingly fell, publish, expose to sale, or have in his, her, or their possession for sale, any lurch book or books* then every such book and books shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of customs or excise, and the same shall be forthwith made wafie paper $ and further, that every person and persons so offending, being duly conviefted thereof, shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of ten pounds, and double the value of each and every copy of such book or books which he, she, or they shall so import or bring, or cause to be imported or brought

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 20. 4

into this kingdom, or shall knowingly sell, publish, expose to sale, or cause to be sold, published, or exposed to sale, or shall have in his, her, or their portession for sale, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act; and the commissioners of customs Commission-in England and Scotland respectively, (in case the same shall be and excise^may seized by any officer or officers of the cuflcrhs), and the com- reward their inissioners of excise in England and Scotland respectively, (in case officers seizing the same shall be seized by any officer or officers of excise), shall such books, also reward the officer or officers who shall seize any such books which shall be so made waste paper of, with such sum or sums of money as they the said respective of shall think fit, not exceeding the value of such books; such rewards respectively to be paid by the said respective of out of any money in their hands respectively arising from the duties by this act ini-posed: provided, That this act shall not extend to any book that Exception to has not been printed or re-printed in this kingdom within twenty

years before the same shall be imported, nor to any book reprinted abroad and inferred among other books or Crafts to be sold therewith in any collection where the greatest part of such collection shall have been first composed or written abroad.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That all the monies arising Duties to be by the duties by this act imposed (the necessary charges of raising exchequer^2 and accounting for the same excepted) shall from time to time be paid into the receipt of his MajeilVs exchequer at Westminster\ and the said money so paid into the said receipt of exchequer as aforesaid, shall be carried to and made part of the consolidated fund; and that at the end of every quarter of a year after the 1 $>75h to be passing of this act, that is to say, on the fifth day of April, the thereoTitquar-fifth day of July, the tenth day of October^ and the fifth day of terly, and the January in every year, there shall be fit apart at the said receipt, remainder to out of the monies arising from the rates and duties granted by he applied in this act, the sum of eighteen thousand seven hundred and fifty an

pounds, being one fourth part of the average yearly produce for charge occa-three years next before and ending on the fifth day of January iioned by any one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, of the rates and loan of this duties upon paper, pasteboard, miilboard, scaleboard, and glazed ^lon' paper, which are repealed by this act; and that after fitting apart such quarterly sums as aforesaid, the remainder of the monies arising from the said rates and duties granted by this act, shall be deemed an addition made to the revenue for the purpose of defraying the increased charge occasioned by any loan made or flock created or to be created by virtue of any act or acts passed or to be parted in this session of parliament, and that during the space of ten years next ensuing, there shall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the said receipt, a book or books, in which all the surplus monies arising from the said rates and duties, and paid into the said receipt shall, together with the monies arising from any rates and duties granted in this session of parliament for the purpose of defraying such increased charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, upon any account whatever.

48'S

Limitation of actions.

fecncral issue.

[Treble costs.]

Commencement of act.

[Preamble.]

Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 21. [1794.

LIX. And be it further enacted By the authority aforesaid, i"hat if any action or suit shall be brought or commenced against any person or persons, for any thing by him, her, or them, done by virtue or in pursuance of this act, such action or suit shall be commenced within three months next after the matter or thing done, and shall be laid in the proper county, and the defendant or defendants in such action or suit shall or may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and if afterwards a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall discontinue his, her, or their action or suit, or be nonsuited, or judgement shall be given against him, her, or them, upon demurrer or otherwise, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him, her, or them, against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

LX. And be it further enacted, That this act shall commence and take effect, as to all such matters and things therein contained, in respect whereof no special commencement is hereby di-reded or provided, from and immediately after the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four.

CAP. XXI.

An off for granting annuities to satisfy certain navy and viClualli?ig bills; and for providing for the regular payment of all navy and victualling bills that fall be issued in future.

[April 4, 1794.]

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain in parliament assembled, having taken into our serious consideration the present state of the debt of your Majesty's navy, and being desirous to make some provision towards satisfaction thereof, have resolved, that all persons interested in or intitled unto any bills payable in the course of the navy or victualling offices, which were made out on or before the thirty-first day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, who should, on or before the twelfth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, carry the same, after having had the interest due thereupon computed and marked upon the said bills at the navy or victualling offices respectively, to the office of the treasurer of his Majesty's navy, to be marked and certified by him or his paymaster and cashier to the governor and company of the bank of England, should be intitled in respect of the same to one hundred and one pounds capital stock for every one hundred pounds contained in such certificates, and so in proportion for any greater or lesser sum, the said capital stock to be attended with annuities after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, to be paid and payable at the times and in the manner herein mentioned; we, your Majesty's most faithful commons, do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty.

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 2 1. 489

by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That all persons interested in or Navy or yio intitled unto any bill or bills payable in the course of the navy or ^n^out^be victualling offices, which were made out on or before the thirty- fore March 31, firfb day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, 1793, with in-who shall, on or before the twelfth day of April one thousand tereftto March seven hundred and ninety-four, carry the same, after having had the interest thereupon computed up to the first day of March one the resprdive thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, and marked upon the offices, carried said bills at the navy or victualling offices respectively, to the of- to the navy lice of the treasurer of his Majesty's navy, shall have in exchange for the same from such treasurer, or his paymaster or cashier, a changed for certificate to the governor and company of the bank of England, certificates to for the amount of the principal and interefc computed thereupon, the bank, in-

and the persons that shall be so possessed of any such certificates to IOTj*

nn r 1 r, r-i J, i stock per iool.

shall, upon delivery thereof to the said governor and company, be intitled in respect of the same to the sum of one hundred and one pounds capital stock for each one hundred pounds contained in such certificates, and so in proportion for any greater or lesser sum, which said capital stock shall be attended with annuities after the rate of five pounds per centum per annmn, to commence from the fifth day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, and shall be paid and payable at the bank of England at the times and in the manner herein mentioned.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Holders of it shall and may be lawful to and for any person or persons, natives or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate, who shall be possessed tobef0 mari^ of, interested in, or intitled unto any bill or bills payable in course ed. out of his Majesty's offices of the navy or victualling, which were respectively made out in the said respective offices on or before the thirty-first day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, to deliver such bill or bills to the respective treasurers of the said offices, to be marked, computed, and certified in such manner as is herein after mentioned at any time on or before the twelfth day or April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, and at such place or places as shall have been appointed by notice given, in The London Gazette, and other publick papers for that purpose,

in. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the interest which became due on the said Interest on first day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four bills to be f for and in respect of the said navy and victualling bills, shall be themf before computed and marked upon the said bills at the navy and visual- delivery at the ling offices respectively before the same arc delivered to the trea- n^vy office, surer of his Majesty's navy, and the proper officer and officers of his Majesty's navy and victualling offices respectively, is and are hereby authorised and required to compute and mark the interest as aforesaid upon every such bill which shall be tendered to him or them for that purpose. f

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the^Tvta*Vox. XXXIX..Kk it receive La

490

bills, mark and cancel them, and make forth certificates.

Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. it.

[1794.

it shall and may be lawful to and for the treasurer of his Majesty's navy for the time being to take in and receive from all and every person or persons, natives or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate, who is or are or shall be possessed of, interested in, or intitled unto, any such navy or victualling bills, all the said bills which any such person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, shall, on or before the said twelfth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, deliver to such treasurer; and the said treasurer, or his paymaster and cashier, is and are hereby authorised and required to mark and cancel every such bill, and make forth and sign the certificate herein directed to be made out in lieu of the said bills, cates toTntitle And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That

to an annuity and every person and persons, bodies politick and corporate, of5l. per cent, who shall deliver any such bill or bills to the said treasurer as per ann. from aforesaid, upon producing such certificates as are hereby directed Jan. 1, 1794, to ke ma(je forth by the said treasurer in lieu of such bills, shall, in respect of the principal fuin hereby granted for every sum of one hundred pounds, and so in proportion for any greater or lesser sum, have and be entitled to an annuity after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, to commence from the said fifth day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, and to be paid or payable to such person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, or such as he, she, or they shall appoint, his, her, or their executors, administrators, successors, or assigns respectively, which said annuities shall be in lieu of all other interest for or in respect of such bills, and shall be payable half-yearly at the bank of England, at two of the most usual days of payment in the year; that is to say, the fifth day of July and the fifth day of January in every year; the first payment thereof to become due or the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four; and that all persons and corporations intitled to any such, annuity or annuities aforesaid, and his, her, and their administrators, successors, and assigns respectively, and all persons and corporations lawfully claiming under him, her, or them, shall have good, sure, absolute, and indefeasible estates and interests in the said annuities, according to the tenor and true meaning of this act, until the redemption thereof in the manner herein di-which fiiatl be rented, and shall be possessed thereof as of a personal estate which shall not be descendible to heirs, nor liable to any foreign attachment by the custom of London or otherwise; any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding; and that all the said annuities shall be free from all taxes, charges, and impositions whatsoever.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said annuities, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, shall be charged and chargeable upon, and payable out of, the consolidated fund, after paying, or reserving sufficient to ^000, 000 pay? au such sums of money as have been directed by any former per cents?be*a(^ or a<^s parliament; and that the said annuities shall be ir-paid off. redeemable until twenty-five millions of the publick debt, bearing interest; after the rate of either three pounds per centum per

annum

personal estate, and free from taxes.

Annuities payable out of the consolidated fund, and irredeemable,

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 491

annum, or four pounds per centum per annum, shall have been redeemed and paid off,

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That

Upon the delivering in of such navy or victualling bills by any person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, the treasurer of cate for the his Majesty's navy, or his paymaster and cashier, shall, and they amount of are hereby authorised and required forthwith to give a certificate, such b^lls^and^ signed by him or them, for the principal sum or sums contained ^be'sdiign-in such bills, and also for the interest which shall have been com- edbeforeAug. puted and marked as aforesaid to be due on the said first day of 30, 1794* and March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, to such per- be free son or persons, bodies politick or corporate, or his, her, or their duties. assigns, and all such certificates shall be assignable by indorsement thereupon, made at any time before the thirtieth day of August one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, and no longer; and no such certificate or assignment thereupon shall be charged with any stamp duties whatever, and that the interestfo computed and marked on every such bill shall be added to the principal sum contained in every such bill respectively, and the amount of such principal and interefi certified in manner before directed shall be the principal sums for which the person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, delivering such bills, shall he intitled to such capital stock as aforesaid, after the rate of one hundred and one pounds for every one hundred pounds contained in such certificates, and so in proportion for any greater or letter sum, to be attended with an annuity after the said rate of five pounds per centum per annum.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any infant or infants shall have become intitled to any of Guardian^ the said bills, in such case the guardian or guardians, trustee or fortfene? trustees of such infant or infants, shall or may, and he, she, or fit of infants, they is or are hereby impowered, for the benefit of such infant or infants, to deliver up to such treasurer all such of the said bills to which such infant or infants shall be so intitled; and such infant and infants, upon such guardian or guardians, trustee or trustees, delivering up such bill, shall be intitled to such an annuity as aforesaid as fully as any other person or persons whatever; and the said guardian or guardians, trustee or trustees, shall be discharged from the same, so as the name of such infant be expressed in such certificate or certificates; any thing herein contained, or any law, usage, or custom, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

IX. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all persons who, as executors, administrators, Executors, trustees, committees of idiots or lunaticks, or persons of unsound mind, depositaries, or mortgagees, shall be or become pottTefied theirpofihtTicm of, interested in, or intitled unto, any of the said bills, shall and in trust, may deliver up such bills as they shall be respectively possessed of, interested in, or intitled unto, to such treasurer as aforesaid, to be cancelled and certified as aforesaid; and as to executors or administrators, the capital stock of annuities which they shall be

Bank to receive certifi-

may be trans-fcrred, &c.

Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 21. [1794.

respectively inti tied to in respect of the said bills so by them delivered up, and the dividends from time to time arising therefrom* shall be assets in their hands in the same manner as the said bills were or would have been had they not been so delivered up; and as to trustees, committees, depositaries, and mortgagees, the capital stock of annuities which they shall be respectively inti tied unto, for and in respect of such trull or mortgaged bills which they shall so deliver up to such treasurer as aforesaid, and the dividends from time to time arising therefrom, shall be subject and liable to the same trulls or equity of redemption as such bills were or would have been had they not been so delivered up for such annuity as aforesaid.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said governor and comer edit for ioif PanY the bank of England, and their successors, or such person principal, for*or persons as they shall appoint for that purpose, and he and they every xool. is and are hereby respectively authorised and required to take in therein, which and receive all and every of the certificates to be ma.de out in

lieu of the said bills as aforesaid, in pursuance of the directions of this act, and upon the receipt of every such certificate shall, and he and they is and are hereby required forthwith to give credit in a book or books to be prepared for that purpose, for the principal sum of one hundred and one pounds for every sum of one hundred pounds contained in such certificates so brought to him or them as aforesaid, and so in proportion for any greater or lelfer sum; and the persons, bodies politick or corporate, to whose credit such principal sums shall be entered in the said book or books, his, her, or their executors, administrators, or assigns, shall and may have power to assign and transfer the same, or any part, share, or proportion thereof, to any other person or persons, bodies politick or corporate whatsoever, in other books to be prepared and kept for that purpose; and the said governor and company for the time being shall also, on or before the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, transmit an attested duplicate, fairly written on paper, of the said book or books first herein-before mentioned, into the office of the auditor of the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, there to remain for ever.

XI. And, for the more easy and fire payment of the annuities established by this act, it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said governor and company of the bank of England and their successors shall from time to time appoint and employ one or more sufficient person or persons, within their office in the city of London, to be their chief or first cashier or cashiers, and one other person or persons within the same office, to be their accountant general; and that so much of the monies, from time to time, being in the receipt of the exchequer, of the

to be issued at consolidated fund, by this act made applicable for that pur-

for paytnentof P0^ as be Efficient to answer the said annuities, shall, by the annuities. order of the commissioners of the treasury, or any three or more of them, or the high treasurer for the time being, without any further or other warrant to be sued for, had, or obtained, in that behalf.

Bank to appoint an accountant general.

Treasury to order money

4 93

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 21.

behalf, from time to time, at the respective days of payment in this act appointed, be issued and paid at the said receipt of exchequer to the first or chief cashier or cashiers of the said governor and company of the bank of England, and their successors for the time being, by way of imprest and upon account for the payment of the said annuities > and that such cashier or cashiers, to whom Cashier to pay the said monies shall from time to time be issued, shall from time out delay*1*' to time, without delay, apply and pay the same accordingly, and render his or their accounts thereof according to the due course of the exchequer.

XII. And it is hereby also enacted, That the said accountant Accountant general for the time being shall from time to, time inspect and examine all receipts and payments of the said cashier or cashiers, fhjtrs ac_ and the vouchers relating thereto, in order to prevent any fraud, counts, negligence, or delay.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all the monies intended to be converted into annuities by virtue of this shall be deemed, reputed, and taken to be one 5]/perQ capital or joint (lock, on which the said annuities, after the rate cents, efta-of five pounds per centum per annum, shall be attending, and shall blithed by 24 be added to and made part of the joint Hock of annuities with and shall be redeemable at the same time and in like manner as c.

the annuities carrying an interest after the rate of five pounds per 3Z, centum per annum, established by an act made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for granting annuities to satisfy certain navy, victuallings and transport bills, and ordnance debentures; and by another act of the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for granting annuities to satisfy certain navy, victualling, and transport bilks and ordnance debentures % and that all and every person or persons and corporations whatsoever, in proportion to the money to which he, she, or they shall become intitled as aforesaid by virtue of this adh, shall have, or be deemed to have, a proportional interest and share in the said stock of annuities at the rate aforesaid; and that the said whole capital or joint stock, or any share or interest therein, and the proportional annuity attending the same, shall be assignable and transferable as this act directs, and not otherwise; and that there shall constantly be kept Book to be in the office of the said accountant general for the time being, kept for enter-within the city of Londons a book or books, wherein all assign- ingUanstis0 ments or transfers of the said whole capital or joint stock, or any part thereof, and the proportional annuity attending the same at the rate aforesaid, shall be entered and registered; which entries shall be conceived in proper words for that purpose, and shall be signed by the parties making such alignments or transfers, or if any such party or parties be absent, by his, her, or their attorney or attornies thereunto lawfully authorised by writing under his, her, or their hands and seals, to be attested by two or more credible witnesses, and that the person or persons to whom such transfers shall be made shall respectively underwrite his, her, or ifteir acceptance thereof, and that no other method of aligning

Annuities may be devised.

Bank to continue a corporation till annuities are redeemed*

or transferring the said flock, and the annuities attending the same or any part thereof, or any interest therein, shall be good and available in law, and that no stamp duties whatsoever shall be charged on the said transfers, or any of them.

XIV. Provided always, That all persons possessed of any share or interest in the said joint stock of annuities, or any estate or interest therein, may devise the same by will in writing, attested by two, or more credible witnesses, but that no payment shall be made upon any such devise until so much of the said will as relates to such eslate, share, or interest, be entered in the said office, and that in default of such transfer or devise as aforesaid, such share, estate, or interest shall go to the executors, administrators, sucessors, and assigns.

XV. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said governor and company of the bank of England and their successors, notwithstanding the redemption of all or any of their own funds, in pursuance of the acts for establishing the same, or any of them, shall continue a corporation for the purposes of this act till all the said annuities shall be redeemed by parliament; and the said governor and company, or any member thereof, shall not incur any disability for or by reason of his or their doing any matter or thing in pursuance of this act.

XVI. And it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no fee, reward, or gratuity whatsoever, shall be demanded or taken for computing and marking the interest on the said bills, or for receiving, taking in, or cancelling the said bills, or any of them, or for granting certificates in lieu thereof as aforesaid, or for issuing the monies for paying the said annuities, or any of them, or for any transfer of any fumv great or small, to be made in pursuance of this act, upon pain that any officer or person offendingby taking or demanding any fee or gratuity contrary to this act shall, for every offence, forfeit the sum of twenty pounds to the party grieyed, to be recovered with all costs of suit by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, wherein no essoin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, injunction, or order of restraint, or any more than one imparlance, shall be granted or allowed.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the reward per-^authority aforesaid, That the commissioners of the treasury, or in The^xecu- any three or more of them now being, or the high treasurer, or

any three or more of the commissioners of the treasury for the time being, shall have power, and they are hereby authorised, out of the said consolidated fund, to reward all such persons as shall be anyways employed in the execution of this act, for their service, pains, and labour, and also to defray such incident charges as shall necessarily attend the same, and also to settle and appoint such allowances as they shall think proper, for the service, pains, and labour of the cashier or cashiers of the said governor and company of the bank of England, for receiving, paying, and accounting for the said annuities made payable by this afh, and also for the

service^.

Penalty for taking fees for marking

Treasury may

tion gf this

act.

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 22. 495

service, pains, and trouble of the said accountant general of the said governor and company, for performing the duty and trust incumbent on or reposed in him by this a ft, all which allowances to be made as aforesaid, in respect to the service, pains, and labours of any officer or officers of the said governor and company of the bank of England, shall be for the use and benefit of the said governor and company, and at their disposal only; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding,

XVIII. And whereas it is expedient to provide for the regular payment in course atfated periods of all navy and victualling bills that shall be issued in future; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid

That from and after the fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred From April and ninety-four, all bills registered in the course of the navy and 5>794, navy* victualling shall be made payable on a certain day, to be expressed ^Hin^bills in each particular bill, which day shall not be later than fifteen shall be made months from the date of such bill, and that the interest on such payable on a bills as usually carry interest shall commence from the day on certain day, which the said bills shall be registered, and shall be paid at such c* stated periods as shall be indorsed in writing on such bill at the time of issuing the lame.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall at any time or times be sued, molested, or prosecuted for anything by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this act, or of any matter or thing therein contained, such person or persons shall and may plead the general issue, General issue* and give the special matter in -evidence for his or their defence; and if a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall discontinue his or their action, or be nonsuited, or judgement shall be given against him or them upon demurrer or otherwise, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs to him or them awarded against such plaintiff or Treble costs, plaintiffs.

CAP. XXII.

An act for allowing vessels employed in the Greenland and whale fishery to complete their full number of men, at certain ports, for a limited time.

[April 4, 1794.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act of parliament, made in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, (intituled An 26 Geo. 3. c. act for the further support and encouragement of the fisheries 4X> and carried on in the Greenland Teas and Davis's Sir eights,) continued and amended by another act, made in the thirty-second year of his present Majesty, (intituled An act to continue and amend several laws c*

relating to the encouragement of the fisheries carried on in the 27, 9 Greenland seas and Davis's Streights; and to amend the laws now in force for the encouragement of the fisheries carried on in the seas to the southward of the Greenland seas, and Davis's Streights); amongf several other particular regulations and restrictions therein mentioned, it is enacted, That every ship of the burthen of two hundred tansy defined for thej'aidfijkeryyfloall and is thereby obliged to have on board

496 Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 22. [1794.

twenty-eight men, hefides the master and surgeon; and every ship of larger burthen an increase of fix men for every fifty tons above the said two hundred tons: and whereas during the present hostilities, it may be difficult, in some cases, for the masters or owners of such ships to be provided with their full complement of men, at the port from whence such fijips are fitted and cleared out for the said fishery: for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the Vessels not^authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth day of March the^conf ne t^ou^anc^'even hundred and ninety-four, and during the conti-ment of men nuance of the present hostilities with France, it shall and may be pursuant to lawful for any ship or vessel which is not provided with the full com-recited acts, plement of men, pursuant to the directions of the said recited acts, at

Pit0f t^ie Port from whence such ship or vessel shall be fitted and cleared

may^omplde out> to Proceed from thence to any of the ports in the forth of Clyde, the number or in Lough Ryan, or to Lerwick in the isle of Shetland, or to Kirkwah at certain in the Orkneys, and complete the number of men there; provided

Entitled to" the number wanted doth not exceed three common men for every

bounty on fifty tons burthen of such ship or vessel, but not otherwise; and

certain con- upon return of such ship or vessel from the said fishery, such men ditions. may be landed and set on shore at any of the ports in the forth of

Clyde, or in Lough Ryan, or at Lerwick, or Kirkwall aforesaid $ and upon the matter or owners of such ship or vessel producing to the proper officer of the customs at the port of his arrival in Great Britain a certificate under the hand of the collector and comptroller of the customs at any of the ports aforesaid, as the case may be, (which certificate they are hereby enjoined and required to give to the master of such ship or vessel), certifying the number and the names of the men that were on board such ship or vessel at the time of her arrival at any of the said ports, together with the number and names of the men so taken on board such ship or vessel at any of the said ports, and the number and names' of the men that were landed and set on shore there respectively,

upon the return of such ship or vessel from the fishery; and the master and mate of such ship or vessel making oath before the collector and comptroller at the port of their arrival in Great Britain, that the men so taken on board as aforesaid proceeded from thence on the said fishery, and continued on board during the time such ship qr vessel was employed in that business, the master or owners of such ship or vessel shall be intitled to the bounty granted by the said act passed in the thirty-second year of his present Majesty, in the same manner as they would have been intitled thereto, in case the full complement of men had been taken on board at the port from whence such ship or vessel was fitted and cleared out, and had returned on board such ship or vessel to such port in Great Britain; provided all the other regulations and restrictions required and directed by the said recited acts have been duly complied with and performed; any thing in the said recited acts contained to the contrary notwithstanding,

497

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 23.

CAP. XXIII.

An act for amending and making perpetual an act made in the twenty-seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the encouragement of the arts of designing and printing linens, cottons, callicoes, and muslins, by vesting the properties thereof in the designers, printers, and proprietors, for a limited time.

[April 4, 1794.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS an act was made in the twenty-seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, (intituled An act for the 27 Geo. 3. encouragement of the arts of designing and printing linens, cottons, callicoes, and muslins, by vesting the properties thereof in the designers, printers, and proprietors, for a limited time); which said act was, by another act made in the twenty-ninth year of 29 Geo. 3. the reign of his present Majesty, continued fro?n the expiration thereof until the first day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four: and whereas the said first recited act hath by experience been found to Expedient to be useful and beneficial: and whereas it is expedient that the time limited extend time by the said first recited act for vesting the property of new and original

patterns for printing linens, cottons, callicoes, or muslins, in the designers, printer S) and proprietors thereof should be extendedfor a longer time: may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the first day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, every person who shall invent, design, and print, or cause to be invented, designed, and printed, and become the proprietor of any new and original pattern or patterns for printing linens, cottons, callicoes, or muslins, shall have the sole right and liberty of printing and reprinting the same for the term oEthree months., to commence from the day of the Term further first publishing thereof which shall Ee truiyprmted with the name extended. of the printer or proprietors at each end of-everyfuftTpiece of^CA /&. AfcP linen, cotton, calico, or muflirT; and thatlFany callico printer, linen draper, or other person whatsoever, from and after the said first: day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, within the time limited by this act, shall print, work, or copy, such original pattern or patterns, or cause to be printed, worked, or copied, such original pattern or patterns, or shall print or reprint, or cause to be printed or reprinted, any such pattern or patterns, and shall publish, fell, or expose to sale, or in any other manner dispose of, or cause to be published, fold, or exposed to sale, or in any other manner disposed of, any linen, cotton, callico, or muslin, so printed, (without the consent of the proprietor or proprietors thereof first had and obtained in writing, signed by him or them respectively in the presence of two or more credible witnesses), knowing the same to be so printed or reprinted without the consent of the proprietor or proprietors of such pattern, then eve^ ry such proprietor or proprietors shall and may, if the offence be committed in England^ by and in a special aft-ion upon the case, to be

brought

498 Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 24, 25.

[1794."

brought against the person or persons so offending, recover such damages as a jury on the trial of such action or on the execution of a writ of inquiry thereon, shall give or affess, together with costs of suit, in which no wager of law, essoin, privilege, or protection, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed: and that in all other respectsthe said first recited a ft, and all the clauses, matters. Ad made per- and things therein contained, (except so far as the same is varied petual. by this act), shall be, and the same is hereby made perpetual.

CAP. XXIV.

An act for making certain navigable cuts from the towns of Buckingham, Aylesbury, and Wendover, in the county of Buckingham, to communicate with the Grand Junction Navigation, authorised to be made by an act of the last session of parliament; and for amending the said act.

[March 38, 1794.]

[Publick act.]

Ad 33 Geo. 3. c. 80, recited. Power to make new cuts. Plans and books of reference of the cuts deposited with clerks of the peace to remain there. Not to deviate more than one hundred yards from the line described in the plans. Restrictions respecting the mansion house, &c. of Mr. Sheppard at Thornton in Buckinghamshire. Company obliged to change the road in Alton fields, if required. Company empowered to sell lands not used for the navigation. Ten proxies may be voted by one proprietor. Committees to be appointed annually in June, and three to be a quorum. Forfeitures of shares for not answering the calls repealed. Shares of persons not answering calls may be sold. Company not obliged to admit land owners to shares, but under certain conditions. Company may allow five per cent, interest to proprietors paying up their subscriptions before called for. Regulation for transferring shares. Proprietors to be taxed for lands and buildings.

CAP. XXV.

An act for extending the Wyrley and Ellington canal.

[March 28, 1794.]

Ad 3 % Geo. 3. c. 81, recited. New subscribers added. Company impowered to extend the canal. Plan deposited with clerks of the peace to remain there. Company restrained from taking the waters, &c. that supply lord Mountrath's mills. To prevent too great an influx of water into the marquis of Donnegall's pools, &c. No water to be taken from the Birmingham or Staffordshire canal. Restriction respecting water in the mines in the manor of Gofcott. Proprietors may raise seventy-five thousand pounds. Rates of tonnage. For all coals, (except flack for burning limestone) coak, iron, See. and other minerals conveyed upon the said canal, and shall enter- the Wyrley and Ellington canal, and not passing through a lock at Catshill, nine-pence a ton. For coals, &c. conveyed by the intended canal, and not passing through a lock to be erected at Cati-hill, nine-pence a ton. For coals, &c. for which i}ine-pence a ton has been paid upon the Wyrley and Ellington canal, or upon the said intended canal, and shall afterwards pass through any lock erected at Catlhill, the further sum of one shilling and three-pence a ton. For all coals. See. produced or gotten from or out of any lands situate below the lock at Catshill, and carried upon any part of the canal between Catlhill and Huddlefford, two shillings a ton. For all flack or small coal for burning lime, &c. conveyed by the said canal, and not passing through a lock to be erected at Catlhill, sixpence. For all lime for which sixpence a ton shall have been paid upon the Wyrley and Ellington canal, or upon the intended canal, and shall afterwards pass any lock erected at Catlhill, the further sum of nine-pence a ton. Exemption. All coals, &c. for which nine-pence a ton shall have been paid upon the Wyrley and Ellington canal, shall afterwards be allowed to pass upon any part of the said canal (except through the lock at Catlhill) without being liable to the payment of any

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 26.

rate whatsoever. All coals, &c. for which nine-pence or sixpence a ton shall have been paid upon the intended canal, shall afterwards be allowed to pass upon any part of the Wyrley and Efiington canal without payment of any rate. Power to vary the rates. No higher rate to be taken by virtue of the recited act for lime, (lack of coal. Sec. than sixpence a ton.

Power to enforce payment of subscriptions. Proprietors of shares in the present Wyrley canal to receive five pounds per cent, per share interest, and profits to be divided amongst all the proprietors under this and the former act. Company obliged to purchase shares of proprietors who shall not be satisfied with the extension. To protect Lichfield conduit pipes.

[Publick act.]

Not to cut canal until 50, 0001. is subscribed, and ten pounds per cent. paid. Compensation to be made for tithes. Mr. Hufiey impowered to make a cut to the canal. Expences of this act, and making surveys, Scc. to bt paid out of the money first subscribed.

CAP. XXVI.

An act for making and maintaining a navigable canal from and out of the canal navigation from Manchester to or near Afiiton-under-Lyne and Oldham, in the county palatine of Lancaster, at the intended aqueduCl bridge in Dukinfield, in the county of Chester, to or near to Chapel Milton, in the county of Derby; and a communication by railways or (lone roads from thence to Load's Knowl, within Peak Forest, in the said county of Derby; and a branch from and out of the said intended canal to Whaley Bridge, in the said county of Chester.

[March 38, 1794.]

Proprietors names. Incorporated by the name of u The Company of Proprietors of the Peak Forest Canal.79 Canal to be called (< The Peak Forest Canal, " Power to make canal. Power to make rollers or inclined planes, Sec. Houses and gardens not to be injured. Plan and book of reference to be authenticated by the speaker of the house of commons, and deposited with clerks of the peace for the counties of Chester and Derby, and clerk of the company. Not to deviate more than one hundred yards from the line laid down in the plan. Land owners omitted in the book of reference not to obstruct making the canal. Company may adopt either of the two lines near Marple Dale laid down in the plan.

Directing how the towing path through the lands of George Hyde Clarke esq; and Mr, Samuel Oldknow, shall be made. The company not to take any water from the rivers, brooks, Sec. near the line of the canal, except in times of flood. Gauge weirs to be erected across the brooks. Two agents to be appointed by the company to regulate and keep in repair tunnels, gauges, &c. and justices at the sessions may remove agents and appoint others. For repairing damage done to the channel and works made to preserve the mill waters. Compensation to be made for damages done by breach of reservoir or other works. Breadth of canal and towing paths to be twenty-four yards. Where roads are injured others to be made. No buildings to be erected on the towing paths, except for the navigation. Power to take water from mines. To oblige proprietors of fire engines to lift their water into the canal. For protection of the estates of Foster Bower esq; and the reverend Simon Jacfon. To impower Mr.

Hodgson to make cuts, Sec. under the canal. Bodies politick, Sec. impowered to sell and convey lands. Company to purchase land cut off, less than half an acre or twenty yards in breadth, and land separated by the canal, or to make a communication. For preserving copyhold rights.

Satisfaction to be made for damages done in making canal, and if the parties cannot agree, the price to be settled by of or a jury. Commissioners for settling differences. Fourteen days notice to be given of meeting of of, On application of the proprietors or land owners, of may meet. Proceedings of of to be entered in a book, and a clerk appointed, Commissioners to settle differences, but a jury to be summoned in certain cases. Notice of injury to be given to the proprietors, before complaint to the of Persons guilty of perjury may be prosecuted, Verdict of value of land, and

500 Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 26. [1794.

damages, to be ascertained separately. Verdict to be recorded, and lands vested in the proprietors. Verdicts of juries may be removed by certiorari. Purchase- money belonging to corporations, &c. to be laid out to the same uses. Compensation to be made for tithes. For paying off mortgages for lands used for the navigation. Satisfaction to be made by annual rent, where the title is doubtful. Mines, &c. reserved to lords of manors and others, but not to be worked to prejudice the navigation, and the company's agents may enter mines to view the works. Proprietors fcnay raise ninety thousand pounds. Money to be divided into nine hundred (h ires, of one hundred pounds each, and deemed personal estate. Names of proprietors to be entered in a book, and tickets of their shares delivered to them. Subscribers to have a vote for every share, not exceeding five votes to each subscriber, nor five for proxies. Proprietors may raise sixty thousand pounds more, if necessary, by mortgage. Interest of money borrowed to be paid in preference to the dividends. Mortgagees not to vote on account of having lent money. First general assembly to be on the fifth of June, 1794, and to meet the first Thursday in June in every year. Committee to be appointed, who may make bye laws, &c. General afifemblies for chusing committees to consist of forty shares. Assembly of proprietors may be convened upon twenty-one days' notice. Officers to the company to be appointed. Powers of the committee to make calls. Subscribers to have notice before their shares are forfeited. The committee to be under the controul of general assemblies. Books of accompts to be kept. On the death of subscribers before ihare completed, executors may do it. Shares may be disposed of Rates of tonnage. For every ton of limestone, three halfpence per mile. For every ton of Hone (except limestone) lime, coals, and other minerals, two-pence per mile. For every ton of dung, clay, sand and gravel, not passing through a lock, one penny per mile. For every ton of dung, clay, sand and gravel, passing through a lock, two-pence per mile. For every ton of timber, goods, and merchandize, &c. three-pence per mile. Canal to be measured, and stones set up. Recovery of rates. Rates maybe altered. Three-pence per ton wharfage for ten days, and one halfpenny a day after. Company impowered to lease the rates. Power to fix the price of parcels not exceeding five hundred pounds weight. Mailers of boats to give an accompt in writing of particulars of lading. Forty cubit feet of oak, alh, elm or beech timber, or fifty cubit feet of fir or deal, balk, poplar, or other timber, to be deemed one ton weight. If any difference concerning weight, collectors may weigh or measure boats, &c.'Navigation to be free upon payment of rates. Vessels under fifteen, or ten tons, not to pass locks without consent of proprietors. Regulations of vessels passing locks. To prevent lock keepers, &c. giving any preference. Mailers to put their names on the outside of their boats. Weight of the lading of vessels to be marked, and vessels to be gauged. Mailers or owners of boats to be answerable for damages. Works damaged by the floods to be1 repaired by the company. Drains to be made to convey water from the land adjoining, and watering places for cattle. For fencing off towing paths, and making bridges, &c. Swivel and draw-bridges to be shut and fattened after vessels shall have passed through them, on penalty of five pounds. In case the company do not fence off the towing paths, and make bridges, land owners may do it at the company's expence. Lords of manors and land owners may erect warehouses, &c. on their lands. If not done in six months after notice, the company may build. Three-pence per ton for the use of private wharfs for ten days, and one halfpenny a day after. Power for owners of mines to make railways for conveying coals, &c. to the canal. Cuts may be made to communicate with the canal, but not without consent of land owners. Company of proprietors, or committee, to regulate the navigation. Boats sunk to be weighed up. Five pounds penalty for overloading and obstructing- the navigation, or opening locks, See. Persons wilfully destroying the works, to be punished as for petit larceny. Canal not to be under the power of commissioners of sewers, and howto be rated. Rights of lords of manors, and land owners, to fisheries, reserved. Land owners may use pleasure-boats. To compel payment of subscriptions, Majority of proprietors may make future application

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 27. 501

plications to parliament for power to open other communications with the canal. Recovery of forfeitures. Persons aggrieved by irregularity in distress, to recover special damage. Damages not provided for to be settled by the of Proceedings not to be quashed for want of form.

[Publick act.]

[General issue.]

Appeal. Limitation of actions. Treble edits.

CAP. XXVII.

An act for granting to his Majesty certain additional duties on glass vnported intoy or made in Great Britain.

[April 17, 1794.]

Most gracious Sovereign,

[Preamble.]

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain in parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies to defray your Majesty's publick expences, and making such permanent addition to the publick revenue as shall be adequate to the increased charge occasioned by any loan to be raised, or stock to be created, by virtue of any act or acts for that purpose to be passed in this section of parliament, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several new and additional rates and duties herein after respectively mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same,

+That, from and after the passing of this act, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, to and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for and in respect of the several matters and

things herein after mentioned, over and above all duties already Additional

imposed for or in respect thereof by any act or acts of parliament, duties to be

the further duties of excise herein after mentioned; that is to Pald:

say,

For every square foot superficial measure of French plate glass, For French which shall be imported into Great Britain, the sum of eight-pence three farthings, and so in proportion for any greater or lester 3^per f00^; quantity

For every hundred weight of French flint glass, or French ena- For French me!, stained, or paste glass, or French phial glass, which shall be ^int &c* imported as aforesaid, the sum of fourteen shillings and six-pence, Per*

and so in proportion for any greater or lesser quantity:*

For every hundred weight of French window glass, (not being For French spread glass), whether flashed or otherwise manufactured, and window glass commonly called or known either by the name of Crown Glass or of German Sheet Glass, which shall be imported as aforesaid, the cwL sum of nine shillings and eleven-pence, and so in proportion for any greater or lesser quantity:

For every hundred weight of plate glass and other glass ma- and for plate nufactures not herein-before particularly enumerated or described, (and not being spread window glass, commonly called Broad windoW glass Glass) nor bottles other than phials), which shall be imported into See.) 14s. per Great Britain, and so in proportion for any greater or lesser quan- ewt* tity, the fuiiTof fourteen shillings;

The

02

For materials used in making plate glass, &c. in Great Britain ios. 8d. 3q. per. cwt.

and for materials used in making window glass (not being spread glass) 8s. 3q. per cwt.

Duties to be under the management of the commissioners of excise.

Additional drawbacks to be allowed on exportation of glass made in Great Britain.

For plate glass, 8d. 3q. per foot.

For flint glass &c. 14s. 6d. per cwt.

For window glass, (not being spread glass), 9s. 1 id. per cwt.

Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 27. [1794.

The said several duties upon glass imported to be paid by the importer thereof, before the landing thereof:

For every hundred weight of materials or metal or other preparations whatsoever, by what name soever the same are or may be called or known, that shall be made use of in Great Britain in the making of all plate glass, or in the making of flint glass, or enamel, stained, or paste glass, or phial glass, and so in proportion for any greater or lesser quantity, ten shillings and eight-pence three farthings:

For every hundred weight of materials or metal or other preparations whatsoever, by what name soever the same are or may be called or known, that shall be made use of in Great Britain in the making of all window glass (not being spread glass), whether flashed or otherwise manufactured, and commonly called or known either by the name of Crown Glass or of German Sheet Glass, and so in proportion for any greater or lesser quantity, eight shillings and three farthings.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That such of the duties by this act imposed as shall arise in that part of Great Britain called England shall be under the management of the commissioners of excise in England for the time being; and such thereof as shall arise in that part of Great Britain called Scotland shall be under the management of the commissioners of excise in Scotland for the time being.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this act, there shall be paid the following additional drawbacks for and upon all glass which shall be made in Great Britain, and exported as merchandize to foreign parts; that is to say.

For every square foot superficial measure of plate glass which shall be made in Great Britain, from materials or metal, or other preparations, for which the duties by this act imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and exported as merchandize to foreign parts, the sum of eight-pence three farthings, and so in proportion for any greater or lesser quantity:

For every hundred weight of flint glass, or enamelled, stained, or paste glass, or phial glass, which shall be made in Great Britain, from materials or metal, or other preparations, for which the duties by this act imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and exported as merchandize to foreign parts, the sum of fourteen shillings and sixpence, and so in proportion for any greater or lesser quantity:

For every hundred weight of window glass snot being spread glass) whether flashed or otherwise manufactured, and commonly called or known either by the name of Crown Glass or of German Sheet Glass, which shall be made in Great Britain, from materials or metal, or other preparations, for which the duties by this act imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and exported act

merchandize

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 27. 503

merchandize to foreign parts, the sum of nine shillings and elevenpence, and so in proportion for any greater or lesser quantity.

Which said drawbacks shall be paid and allowed out of the duties Drawbacks to

of excise by law imposed, under, subject, and according to the ber^jJee

rules, regulations, restrictions, and provisions, contained and ^ Geo. ^. c.

provided in and by an act, made in the twenty-sixth ydar of the 77> &c.

reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to limit a time for the repayment of the duties on male servants and carriages, by the commissioners of excise; and also on horses, waggons, wains, and carts,

by the commissioners of/lamps; and for the amendment of several laws,

+relating to the duties under the management of the commissioners of excise, or by any other act or acts of parliament now in force, relating to the exportation of glass on drawback.

IV. And whereas by an act, made in the twenty -seventh year of the a 7 Geo. 2. reign of his present Majesty, among/} other things, for repealing the c* duties of excise, and granting other duties in lieu thereof certain duties of excise were imposed on the materials or metal, or other preparations whatsoever, that/hould be made use of in Great Britain, in the making of plate glass: and whereas by another act, made in the7 Geo. 3. same fe/Jion of parliament, intituled An act for granting to his c* an

Majesty certain duties on glass imported into Great Britain, and for altering the mode of charging the duties on glass made in Great Britain; it was enacted, \That in lieu of the duty of excise then chargeable and payable for or in respect of any materials or met a/ or other preparations, made use of in Great Britain, in the making of cast plate glass, there should be paid to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, at and after the rate of one pound one shilling and five-pence halfpenny per hundred iv eight, for all cast plate glass which should be made in Great Britain, and which should be squared into plates of a superficies not lefts than one thousand four hundred and eighty-five inches, and of a thickness according to their superficies as therein-after mentioned and described: and whereas divers rules, regulations, restrictions, and provisions, were by the said act, and another act made in the twenty- Geo. 3. c*

eighth year of the reign aforesaid for amending several lazus relative to 371 recited* the revenue of excise, made, established, imposed, and provided, for and in respect of the making and manufacturing offuel? cast plate glass, for ascertaining, charging, raising, and securing, the said duty thereon, and for breaking cast plate glass manufactured contrary to the directions of the said acts in certain cases: and whereas it is expedient to repeal the said last mentioned duty, together with the said rules, regulations, re-Jlriftions, and provisions, and to revive the duty granted by the said first recited act; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, Duty imposed from and after the passing of this act, the said duty, together with on Pla*e the said rules, regulations, restrictions, and provisions, shall be, ^ Geo. and the same are hereby repealed; save only and except in all8. and the cases relating to the recovering any arrears of the said duty, regulations of which may at that time remain unpaid, or to any fine, penalty, tha.t and or forfeiture, fines, penalties, or forfeitures, relating the reta; and ^ Geo. for $lfo saving and excepting so far as the said rules, regulations, re- making itj  y strictions, repealed.

504 Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 27. [1794.

strictions, and provisions respectively, or the fines, penalties, or forfeitures, imposed for any breach thereof respectively, may be applied to any case relating to cast plate glass, which shall have been made at any time before the passing of this act, and for and in respect whereof all and singular the said rules, regulations, restrictions, provisions, fines, penalties, and forfeitures respectively, shall, and the same are hereby directed to be and remain in full force, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if this act had not been made; any thing herein-before contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Duty imposed

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That,

t)11 recitecf att ^rom an<^ a^ter Pa^ng of this act, the duty of excise which 27 Geo. 3. c. was granted by the said first recited act for or in respect of the

13. revived, materials or metal, or other preparations, made use of in the and payable, making of cast plate glass, shall be, and the same is hereby revi-bove the ad ve^> anc* ma<^e chargeable and payable over and above the several ditional duties additional duties by this act imposed for and in respect of the maunder this act. terials or metal, or other preparations, made use of in Great Britain, in the making of cast plate glass, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the said last recited act had not been made; any thing in the said last recited act contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

Revived duty

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That &; c agreeable ^ut7 ^y this act revived shall from time to time be raised, re-to acts in ceived, levied, recovered, secured and paid, by such ways and force, respect- means, and under such management, and under such penalties and forfeitures, and with such power of adjudging and mitigating 0 s a 8* penalties and forfeitures, and with such other powers, and subject to such allowances, drawbacks, rules, and directions, and in such methods, manner, and form, (except where otherwise expressly directed by this act), as by any act or acts of parliament now in force concerning the duties imposed for or in respect of the mate-, rials, metal, or other preparations, made use of in the making of glass, or for or in respect of the paying or allowing a drawback upon glass is directed or prescribed, and that such acts respectively, and all the clauses, penalties, forfeitures, powers, authorities, rules, directions, matters, and things therein, (except as aforesaid), for the raising, receiving, levying, recovering, securing, or paying the said duties, for or in respect of the materials or metal, or other preparations, made use of in the making of glass, or for or in respect of the paying or allowing any drawback upon glass, are and shall be continued, practised, and put in execution for and in respect of the duty by this act revived, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the same were particularly repeated and re-enacted in this act.

17 Geo. 3. c.

VII. And whereas by an act, ? made in the seventeenth year of 39, recited. the reign of his said present Majesty, for repealing several rates and duties upon glass, imposed by an afly made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his late Majesty, and for granting to his Majesty other rates and duties upon glass in lieu there ofy and for the better colic fling the duties upon glass> it was enacted and provided,

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 27. 505

That, in pots used for the making of plate glass, an allowance should be made to the makers of one fourth part of the metal or other materials contained therein, and of four inches deep at the bottom: and whereas it is expedient to alter the said allowance with respect to such pots used for the making of all plate glass; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in lieu and In lieu of instead of the said allowance in all pots containing more than one allowance by hundred weight used for the making of blown plate, or cast plate o^nfaterials glass, the following allowances shall be made to the makers of for making such glass; that is to say, One third part of the metal or other plate glass, materials contained therein, and of four inches at the bottom of certain other every such pot ufpd for the making of blown plate glass, and one bemadeefox half of the metal or other materials contained therein, and of four pots contain-inches at the bottom of every such pot, used for the making of ing more than call plate glass; and the respective commissioners of excise in 1 cwt* England and Scotland respectively are hereby authorised and required to make the respective allowances by this a St directed; any thing in the said last recited act contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding; which allowances are hereby declared to be in full compensation for all waste, damage, or loss whatsoever, except the allowance by the said act of the nineteenth year of the reign of his late Majesty made and provided, where pots used for the preparing and mixing of metal, and other materials for making of glass, shall crack or break.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Officers may it shall and may be lawful to ajid for the officers of excise under njeafurecaft whose survey any maker or makers of caff: plate glass shall be Pjate & a s* from time to time, and' at all times, to inspect, examine, and measure, as to such officers shall seem meet, all caff: plate glass in the custody or possession of such maker or makers; and that no Directions maker or makers of caff plate glass shall at anytime set the about the gauge at less than a quarter of an inch above the surface of the SaL1Se in^ table, for the purpose of calling any plate glass; nor shall he, she, ma'inSlc* or they, have or keep in his, her, or their custody or possession any caff plate glass, the medium thickness whereof, after the rough and irregular edges are cut off*, shall be less than a quarter of an inch; but every such maker of caff plate glass shall, in the Cast plate presence of the officer of excise under whose survey such maker glass of less shall be, immediately, upon being requested so to do by such officer, break into small pieces, to the satisfaction of such officer, thicknefe to all caff place glass which shall be of less thickness than as afore- he broke, on said, so as to render such glass unfit for any purpose but that of penalty of 50k remelting; and if any such maker shall neglect or refuse so to break any such caff plate glass, or shall have or keep in his, her, or their custody or possession any such cast plate glass of less thickness than as aforesaid, such maker and makers shall, for each and every such offence, forfeit the furn of fifty pounds.

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Monies to be all the monies from time to time arising by the several new and P; ^nto ttle additional rates and duties by this act imposed as aforesaid, (the carriec! to necessary charges of raising and accounting for the same respect- the consolida- tively ted fund.

50 6

Duties (except those revived) for io years, to be paid into the exchequer apart, and kept separate from other monies.

Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 27. [1794.

tively excepted), shall, from and after the passing of this act, from time td time, be paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer at Westminster, and the said money so paid into the exchequer as aforesaid shall be carried to and made part of the consolidated fund.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the monies arising or to arise of the Several rates or duties hereby granted, or so much thereof as shall be sufficient, (except the duties on materials or metal made use of for making call plate glass hereby revived), shall be deemed an addition made to the revenue, for the purpose of defraying the increased charge occasioned by any loan made, or flock created or to be created, by virtue of any act or acts passed, or to be palied, in this session of parliament, and that the said monies shall, during the space often years next ensuing, be paid into the said receipt, distinctly and apart from all other branches of the publick revenue; and that there shall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the said receipt, during the said period of ten years, a book or books in which all the monies arising from the said rates and duties, and paid into the said receipt, shall, together with the monies arising from any other rates and duties granted in this session of parliament for the purpose of defraying such increased charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, upon any account whatever.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all and every the powers, directions, rules, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, which, in and by an act, made in the twelfth year of the

relating to the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An act for taking away the court of wards and liveries, and tenures in capite, and by knights service and purveyance, and for settling a revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof or by any other law now in force relating to his Majesty's revenue of excise, are provided and established, for managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, or recovering, adjudging, or ascertaining, the duties thereby granted, or any of them, (other than in such cases for which, other provisions are made and prescribed by this act), shall be practised, used, and put in execution, in and for the managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering, and paying the excise duties by this act imposed, and for preventing, detecting, and punishing, frauds relating thereto, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if all and every the said powers, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in this present act.

XII. And whereas, in order to deter workmen^ servants, and other persons, employed in glass manufactoriesy from putting metahy tnateri-ally and prepare lions y into the pots used for the making of glass after the gauge taken by the officer of the metaly or preparations therein, it is expedient to inipose a penalty on every such workman y servanty or other per fortyfo offending; be it therefore enacted by the authority

Powers of Car. 2. c. 24 and of all other laws

excise, to extend to this

aft.

Penalty for 'pulling into

aforesaid, Thar, from and after the passing of this act, if any workman

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 27. 57

workman or servant of, or any other person employed by, any V^ts any ma-maker or makers of glass, shall, after a notice in writing has been o^fresh no" given by such maker or makers of glass to any officer or officers tjcej after the of the division or place where such glass is intended to be made* gauge has of the filling or charging any pot with metal or preparation for been taken by the making of glass, and after a gauge taken by the officer of the the officer, metal or preparation in such pot, put into such pot any metal* material, or preparation whatsoever, without a fresh notice in writing, every such workman, servant, or other person, shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of forty shillings; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the commissioners of excise, or any three or more of them, within the limits of the chief office of excise in London, and to or for any two or more justices of the peace in other parts of Great Britain, residing near to the place where any such offence shall be committed, on confession of the party, or on proof by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, to convict every such workman, servant, or other person, so offending; and every such workman, servant, or other person, so convicted, shall immediately, on such conviction, pay into the hands of the proper officer of excise the said sum of forty shillings for every such offence of which he shall be so convicted; and on any such workman, servant, or other person, refusing or neglecting to pay the said sum of forty shillings for every such offence of which he shall be so convicted, such of or justices of the peace, so convicted as aforesaid, shall, by warrant or warrants under their hands and seals respectively, commit every such workman, servant, or other person, so convicted, to the common gaol or house of correction of the county, riding, division, city, or liberty respectively, there to remain for the space of fourteen days from the day of such commitment; and no such workman, servant, or other person, so committed, shall be discharged until payment be made of the said sum of forty shillings for every such offence of which he shall be so convicted, or until the expiration of the said fourteen days.

XIII. Provided always, That nothing herein-before contained Act hot to af-

shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to repeal, alter, which

or afsect, any penalty or penalties to which any maker or makers persons would of glass would, if this act had not been made, have been liable have been K-by virtue of or under any act or acts of parliament in force imme- able before diately before the passing of this act, but that all and every maker PaA*nS

or makers of glass shall (fill remain and continue liable to all and singular such penalty and penalties for any offence or offences committed contrary to such act or acts of parliament; any thing herein-before contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Commence-this act shall commence and take effect as to all such matters and ment *a<*things therein contained, in respect whereof no special commencement is hereby directed or provided, from and immediately after the passing of this act.

LU CAP.

50 Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 28  31. [1794.

[Preamble.]

Corps or companies of volunteers to be intitledto pay, and subject to military discipline on certain occasions;

CAP. XXVIII.

An act for raising a certain sum of money, by loans or exchequer bibs, foF the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four.

[April 17, 1794.]

Commissioners of the treasury may raise , oooo, ooool. by loans and exchequer bills, before January 5, 1795, in like manner as is prescribed by the malt ad of this session concerning loans, See. The ckuses, See. in the said act relating to loans or exchequer bills, (exception) extended to this act. Exchequer bills so issued not to be received again in payment of any taxes, nor exchanged before April 6, 1795. Action not to lie for such refusal. Principal and interest, with charges, to be repaid out of the next supplies; and if sufficient supplies be not granted before July 5, 1795, to be charged on the consolidated fund. Monies so issued to be- replaced out of the first supplies. Bank of England authorised to advance the said sum on the credit of this act j an act 5 & 6 Gul. Sc Marise notwithstanding.

CAP. XXIX.

An act for raising a further sum of money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety four.

[April 17, 1794.]

Commissioners of the treasury may raise 1, 500, 000b by loans and exchequer bills, before January 5, 1795, in manner as by the malt ad of this session is prescribed. See. The clauses in the said act relating to loans ojr exchequer bills, (exception) extended to this act. Exchequer bills so issued not to be received again in payment of any taxes; nor exchanged before April 6, 1795. Action not to lie for such refusal. Money lb raised to be repaid out of the next parliamentary aid; and if sufficient supplies be not granted before July 5, 1795, to be charged on the consolidated fund. Monies so issued to be replaced out of the first supplies. Bank of England authorised to advance the said sum on the credit of this act; an act 5 & 6 Gul. Sc Marias notwithstanding.

CAP. XXX.

An act for defraying the charge of the pay and cloathing of the militia, in that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four.

[April 17, 1794.]

CAP. XXXI.

An act for encouraging and disciplining such corps or companies of met?, as shall voluntarily inroll themselves for the defence of their counties, towns, or coasts, or for the general defence of the kingdom, during the present war.

[April 17, 1794.]

WHEREAS the ut m of exertions are now requisite for encreafrng the military force in this kingdom: be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That any corps or companies of volunteers who now are, or shall hereafter be formed, in any counties or towns in Great Britain, during the continuance of the present war, under officers having commission from his Majesty, or from the lieutenants of counties, or others who may be specially authorised by

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 31. 509

his Majesty for that purpose, and who shall at any time, on being called upon, by special diredffon of his Majesty, in case of adiual

+Invasion, or appearance of invasion, voluntarily march out of their respective counties or towns, or shall voluntarily assemble within the same to repel such invasion, or who shall voluntarily march on being called upon, in pursuance of an order from his Majesty, or from the lord lieutenant or sheriff of the county, to act within the county or the adjacent counties, for the suppression of riots or tumults, shall in such cases be entitled to receive pay in such manner, and at such rates, as the officers and soldiers of his Majesty's regular forces do now receive; and shall, during the time of their being continued in such service, and so receiving pay as above, be subject to military discipline as the rest of his Majesty's

regular and militia troops; provided always, That no officer or but not to be

soldier of any volunteer corps shall be liable to be tried or punished volunteer^i

by any court martial at any time, unless such court martial be cers#

+composed entirely of officers serving in volunteer corps, formed as aforesaid, such court martial to be assembled by warrant under his Majesty's sign manual, or by warrant from some general or other officer duly authorised to hold courts martial.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all Volunteer mayors, bailiffs, constables, tithingmen, headboroughs, and other

chief magistrates and officers of cities, towns, parishes, tithings, and drummers and places, and (in their default or absence) for any one justice to be billettecL of the peace inhabiting within or near any such city, town, parish, tithing, or place, (but for no others); and they or he are or is hereby required to quarter and billet the serjeants, corporals, and drummers, of such corps or companies as aforesaid, and their horses, in inns, livery stables, alehouses, victualling houses, and all houses of persons felling brandy, strong waters, cyder, wine, or metheglin, by retail, upon application made to any such mayors, bailiffs, constables, tithingmen, headboroughs, or other chief magistrates or officers, by his Majesty's lieutenant, or by the officer commanding the said corps or companies.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Penalty for if the officer commanding any such corps or company as afore- not delivering said shall discharge from such corps or company any person who whendif shall have been inlisted or inrolled as aforesaid; and if such per- charged.

son shall refuse or neglect, on being required by such commanding officer, to deliver up any arms, accoutrements, or cloathing, which shall have been entrusted to his custody, every person so refuting or neglecting shall, on being convicted thereof before any justice of the peace of the county within which such corps or company shall have been formed, forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds, to be levied by distress and sale of the offender's goods and chattels by warrant under the hand and seal of such justice, rendering the overplus (if any) on-demand, after deducting the charges of such distress and sale, to the person-whole goods and chattels shall have been so distrained and fold; and for want of sufficient distress, such justice is hereby required to commit such offender to the common gaol of the county, riding, or place,

510 Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 32. [1794.

where the offence shall have been committed, for any time not exceeding one month; and the monies arising by such penalty shall be paid to the treasurer of the county, riding, or place, where such offence shall have been committed, to be applied as part of the flock of such countyv riding, or place.

Commissioned

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That aHed^n^fer- comm^oned officers of the said corps, who shall be disabled vice, entitledn actual service, shall be entitled to half pay; and all non-com-to half pay, &c. missioned officers and soldiers so disabled, to the benefit of Chelsea hospital; and the widows of commissioned officers killed in the service, to a pension for life.

Volunteers

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That rve^fn ffie n Person w or inrolled in any corps or com-

militia* pany of volunteers as aforesaid shall, during the time that he is

serving in the said corps or company, be liable to serve personally, or provide a substitute to serve in the militia, provided he shall produce to the deputy lieutenants, assembled at the subdivision meetings, holden in the several counties, for the purpose of hearing appeals against the militia lift returned from each parish, an affidavit of his having been inrolled as aforesaid, and a certificate signed by the commanding officer of the said corps or company, that he has for the space of six weeks, immediately preceding such subdivision meeting, punctually attended at all such times and places, as may have been agreed upon for the exercise of such corps or company.

Continuance

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That this act shall of this act. have continuance during the present war, and no longer.

[Preamble.]

31 Geo. 3. c. 25.

CAP. XXXII.

An act for enabling the commissioners of the stamp duties to stamp bills of exchange and notes in certain cases.

[April 17, 1794.]

WHEREAS by an act, made and passed in the thirty-first year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for repealing the duties now charged on bills of exchange, promissory notes, and other notes, drafts, and orders, and on receipts; and for granting other duties in lieu thereof; certain stamp duties were imposed on bills of exchange, promissory notes, and other notes respectively; and it was thereby enacted, "That all vellum, parchment, and papery* before any bill of exchange, promissory note, or other note, liable to any stamp duty by the said act imposed, should be ingrossed, printed, or written thereof should be brought to the head office for stamping such vellum, parchment, and papery and that it should not be lawful for the commissioners for managing the duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and papery or their officers, to stamp any vellum, parchment, or papery at any time after any bill of exchange, promissory note, or other note, draft, or order, should be written thereon, under any pretence whatsoever: and whereas cases may have arisen wherey through fraud or imposition, innocent persons may have taken such securities without stamps, or without stamps of the proper denomination or value, and the bona fide holders of such securities may be prevented

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 32. s11

from recovering their just demands by reason that the same, not being stamped in pursuance of the said recited a 1, cannot be given in evidence in any of his Majesty's courts; and it is therefore expedient to give relief in the cases and wider the circumstances herein after mentioned: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for Holders of any person or persons, who, on the first day of January one thou- c^a  e^.c# sand seven hundred and ninety-four, was or were the holder or on jan* I? holders of any bill of exchange, promissory note, or other note, 1794, liable to draft, or order, liable to anystampduty by virtue of the said re- stamp duty by-cited aft, which shall not have been stamped, or which shall have ^d^not stampt been ilamped with a stamp of a lower denomination or value than or improperly, is required by the said act, to produce the same, or cause the may before same to be produced, at any time before the first day of January Jan. i> 1795* one thousand seven hundred and ninety-hye, to the of frai^eiiUn appointed to manage the said duties at the head office of {lamps tention have*in Middlesex, or to such officer or officers as the said commis- them stampt, sioners, or the major part of them, shall, by writing under their hands, appoint for such purpose; and the said of, or the major part of them, are hereby respectively impowered and required to examine, upon oath or solemn affirmation, all and every person and persons producing such bill of exchange, promissory note, or other note, draft, or order, and also such other person and persons as shall be tendered to them respectively, to give evidence touching the same, and all persons whom such of, or the major part of them, shall think necessary to be examined touching such bill of exchange, promissory or other note, draft, or order, so produced; and upon due proof made to the satisfaction of such of, or the major part of them, that the person or persons by whom or on whole behalf such bill of exchange, promissory, or other note, draft, or order, as aforesaid, shall be produced, was or were possessed of the same on the said first day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, and that the same came into his, her, or their hands, upon a precedent valuable consideration, without fraud or collusion, and as the true and lawful proprietor thereof, and also upon i

proof made to the satisfaction of such of, or such officer or officers as aforesaid, that such bill of exchange, promissory note, or other note, draft, or order, was taken by such holder or holders thereof as aforesaid, without such {lamp, as is required by the said act, through fraud or impositionj without any fraudulent intention in such holder or holders thereof to evade the payment of the said duties by the said act imposed; and if all and every such person and persons as aforesaid, who shall be thereunto required, shall fully answer all lawful questions relating to such bill of exchange, promissory note, or other note, draft, or order, put to him, her, or them, by the said of, or the major part of them., to the satisfaction of such of,

t> 1 4 then.

512 Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 32. [1794.

then and in such case it shall and may be lawful for the said of,

Commission- or the major part of them, to diredd the proper officer

ers oj stamps or officers and such officer or officers is and are hereby required, mav order

such bills, &c. llPon Payment of the duty payable on such vellum, parchment, or to be staropt paper, by the said recited add, and the sum of ten pounds over on payment of and above the said duty, to mark or (damp such bill of exchange, the duty, and promissory note, or other note, draft, or order, with the proper mark or stamp, and to give a receipt for the duty and sum of ten pounds so paid on the back of such bill of exchange, promissory note, or other note, draft, or order; and every such bill of exchange, promissory note, or other note, draft, or order, so stamped, shall have and be deemed of the like force and validity in the law, as if the same had been duly stamped according to the directions of the said recited add; and every person or persons procuring such bill of exchange, promissory note, or other note, draft, or order, to be stamped as directed by this act, shall be and is hereby indemnified, freed, and discharged, from and against all penalties and forfeitures incurred by reason of such bill of exchange, promissory note, or other note, draft, or order, not having been duly (damped according to the directions of the said add.

Commission-

II. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons offire^head" w^10m fiud of shall judge necessary to be examin-distributors of ecfi touching any such bill of exchange, promissory note, or other stamps to exa- note, draft, or order, as aforesaid, shall reside out of the limits of mine witnesses the head office or (damps in Middlesex, and the said of thelirmtTof0^ fit to dispense with the examination of such person or the head office Persons before the said of, it shall and may be lawful of stamps, &c. for the said of, or the major part of them, by writing under their hands, to which a copy of such bill of exchange, promissory note, or other note, draft, or order, shall be annexed, to require by name any of their head distributors of stamps to examine such person or persons touching such bill of exchange, promissory note, or other note, draft, or order, on oath or affirmation, (which oath or affirmation every such distributor is hereby impowered to administer), and such distributor shall cause such examination to be reduced into writing, at the costs of the person or persons requiring such bill of exchange, promissory note, or other note, draft, or order, to be (damped, and shall also cause such examinations respectively to be signed by the persons so examined respectively, and shall transmit the same to the said of at the colds of such person or persons as aforesaid; all which costs the said of, or the major part of them, or their officer or officers specially to be appointed by them for such purpose, shall ascertain and settle at such reasonable sum as shall be reqiiilite for the expence and trouble to which such distributor may be put in taking and returning such examination.

Persons giving

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That tobcfuVedUo^an7Per^on or persons, upon examination upon oath or affirma-the penalties tion before the said of, or any other person or persons ior perjury. authorised by this act to administer such oath or affirmation, touching any of the matters aforesaid, shall wilfully and corruptly

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 33. 513

give false evidence, or shall wilfully and corruptly swear, affirm, or alledge, any matter or thing which shall be false or untrue, every such person or persons so offending, and being thereof duly conviiled, shall be, and is and are hereby declared to be subject and liable to such pains and penalties as by any law now in being persons convicted of wilful and corrupt perjury are subject and liable to*

CAP. XXXIII.

An act for making perpetual certain duties of excise on dif'tileries, and on licences granted to distillers, in Scotland y and for appropriating the said duties.

[April 17, 1794.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act made and passed in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act 33 Geo. 3. c. for the regulation of distilleries in Scotland., and the exportation recited, of British-made spirits from England to Scotland\ and from Scotland to England., for a limited time, certain excise duties were imposed upon the contents of fills used.or employed in making or difilling of low wines or spirits, and for the rectifying) compoundings or mix-ings spirits or strong waters in certain parts of Scotland; and also on licences to be taken out by such difiller r, rectifiers, and compounders, of spirits for exportation from Scotland to England; and also upon licences to be taken out by difillers of spirits within the highlands of Scotland; which duties were dire died to be carried to the consolidated fundy and to continue in force until and upon the firs day of December one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament: may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said duties and duties of excise, imposed by the said recited act, shall be and are hereby thereby im- continued and made perpetual, and that the same shall severally Posed mj*de and respectively be paid and payable by such persons, at such^P 'times and in such manner, and under such penalties and forfeitures, as the said duties were payable under or by virtue of the said ail, or any other ail or acts of parliament in force at and immediately before the passing of this act, and shall continue to be paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer at Westminsters (the charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted), and to be carried to, and made part of, the consolidated fund.

II. And whereas by the said recited act the several rates and duties, imposed by any act or acts of parliament then in force upon low wines or spirits for home consumptions or upon woriSs wajhs and other liquor used in Scotland in the dif illation of spiritSs and upon licences required to be taken out by any dtfillers or makers of spirits in Scotland, ivere discontinued from and after the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three \ be it further enacted by he authority aforesaid, That, at the end of every quarter of a terjy out of 1 ' year duties,

5*4 Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 34. [1794.

year after the passing of this act, (that is to say), On the fifth day of April> the fifth day of July, the tenth day of October^ and the fifth day of January, in every year, there shall be set apart at the said receipt, out of the monies arising from the rates and duties which are continued and made perpetual by this act, the sum of nine thousand pounds, being one-fourth part of the average yearly produce for three years next before, and ending on the fifth day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, of the rates and duties upon low wines or spirits, and upon licences for distilling spirits, in Scotland, which were discontinued by the said and the re- recited act; and that, after setting apart such quarterly sums as dreme^an^a^ore^a^> the remainder of the monies arising from the said rates addition to the anc^ duties, continued and made perpetual by this act, shall be revenue for deemed an addition made to the revenue for the purpose of de-defraying any fraying the increased charge occasioned by any loan made, or of^i^rdfion11 createc* or to be created, by virtue of any act or acts passed, or to be passed, in this session of parliament; and that, during the space of ten years next ensuing, there shall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the said receipt, a book or books, in which all the said surplus monies arising from the said rates and duties, and paid into the said receipt, shall, together with the monies arising from any rates and duties granted in this session of parliament, for the purpose of defraying such increased charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors3 upon any account whatever.

CAP. XXXIV.

An act for indemnifying all persons who have been concerned in advising or carrying into execution, an order of the lords commissioners of his Majests treasury, resptiding the exportation of pot ashes or pearl ashes \ for preventing suits in consequence of the same; for authorising his Majesty to prohibit the exportation, or carrying coastwise, of pot ashes or pearl ashes; and for making further provisons relative thereto.

[April 17, 1794.]

Preamble, re-

WHEREAS it appears that a very unusual quantity of pot citing that pot and pearl ash has of late been exported or entered for exporta-intended for ilon io France> tn neutral vessels, which there is reason to suppose was exportation to intended for the purpose of increasing the production of salt petre in France have that country, to be afterwards manufactured into gunpowder: and been ft opt. whereas the exportation, or carrying out of the ports of this kingdom, of certain cargoes of pot and pearl ash has been stopped by order or orders from the lords commissioners of his Majests treasury, and by the officers of his Majests customs: and whereas the said orders and proceedings may not be frictly jufifed by law, but were so much for the service of the publick, and so necessary for preventing his Majestfs enemies from being supplied with articles that contribute to the manufacturing of naval and military fores, that they ought to be justified by act of parliament: and whereas it is expedient that his Majesty should be invefed with the power to prohibit the exportation of poi

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 34- 5*5

and pearl ashy and of other articles which, though not Jiricily naval or military stores, may, by some process, be converted into or made useful in increasing the quantity of naval and military stores: be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That all personal actions and suits, indiCl- Actions for ments, informations, and all prosecutions and proceedings whatsoever, which have been, or shall be prosecuted or commenced void, against any person or persons, for or by reason of any act, matter, or thing, advised, commanded, appointed, or done, or forborne to be done, in relation to the said orders or proceedings, or of any contract or agreement not performed by reason or by means of, or in obedience to, such orders or proceedings, be, are, and shall be, discharged and made void by virtue of this act; and that if any action or salt shall be prosecuted or commenced against any person or persons, for or by reason of any such act, matter, or thing, so advised, commanded, appointed, or done, or forborne to be done, or such contrail or agreement not performed, he, she, or they, may plead the general issue, and give this ail and the special matter in evidence; and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs, in In such ac-any action or suit so to be prosecuted or commenced after the tions, prose-eleventh day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-^ter

four, in that part of Great Britain called England, shall become defendant to* nonsuit, or forbear further prosecution, or suffer discontinuance, have double or if a verdict pass against such plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defend-costs. ant or defendants shall recover his, her, or their double costs, for which he, she, or they, shall have the like remedy as in cases where costs by law are given to the defendant; and if any such action or suit shall be commenced or prosecuted after the said eleventh day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, the court before which such action or suit shall be commenced or prosecuted shall allow to the defender the benefit of the discharge and indemnity hereby provided; and shall further allow to him his double costs of suit, in all such cases as aforesaid.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That I11 actions al-if any action or suit hath been already commenced against any ready com-person or persons, for any such act, matter, or thing, To advised, J^n^aiits ma'^ commanded, appointed, or done, or forborne to be done, or on a^]yto the^ account of any such contract or agreement not performed, it shall court to stay and may be lawful for the defendants or defenders in such actions proceedings, or suits respectively, in whatever courts in Great Britain such ^c* actions or suits shall have been commenced, to apply to such court or courts respectively, to stay all proceedings therein respectively, by motion in a summary way, and such court or courts are hereby required to make order for that purpose accordingly; and the court or courts making such order shall award and allow to the defendants or defenders respectively double costs of suit, for which they shall respectively have the like remedy as in cases where the costs are by law given to defendants or defenders.

His Majesty may prohibit the exporting or carrying coastwise pot or pearl ash, &c.

der to forfeit treble the value, &c.

516 Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 35. [1794.

III. And be it further enacted, That his Majesty may, by proclamation or order in council, when he, shall fee cause, and for such time as shall be therein expressed, prohibit the exporting, or carrying coastwise, or the attempting to export, or carry coastwise, any pot or pearl ash, or other articles which shall be judged by his Majesty to be capable of being converted into naval or military stores, or made useful in increasing the quantity of naval or military stores.

and if export-

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, for^to such frra anc^ a^ter Puffing of this act, all pot and pearl ash, and prohibition0it articles which shall be prohibited to be exported by procJama-may be seized, tion or order in council as aforesaid, and which shall be exported, and the often- transported, carried, or conveyed, or laden or laid on board of any ship, vessel, or boat, in order to be exported, transported* carried, or conveyed, out of this kingdom, or coastwise, contrary to any such proclamation of his Majesty, or order of his Majesty in council, shall be forfeited, and shall or may be seized by any officer or officers of the customs, and all and every person or persons offending therein, shall forfeit treble the value of such articles as aforesaid respectively, as shall be so exported, transported, carried, or conveyed, out of this kingdom, or coastwise, or laden or laid on board of any ship, vessel, or boat, for either of those purposes; and such ship, vessel, or boat, together with her guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel, shall be forfeited* and the same shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of His Majesty the customs; provided always, That his Majesty may, by special

may make licence under his sign manual, or in any such order in council or

as ion proclamation, make such exception with respect to the exporta-

think proper, tion, or carrying coastwise, of any pot or pearl ash, or other articles as aforesaid, and such regulations concerning the manner of exporting, or carrying the same coastwise, as to him, with the advice of his privy council, shall appear to be proper, specifying the said articles, and also the place or places to and from which the same shall or may be so exported or carried coastwise.

Act may be

V. And be it further enacted, That any part of this act may pealed this^ alterec^ varied, or repealed, by any act or acts to be made ia iellion. this present session of parliament.

CAP. XXXV.

An act for indemnifying governors, lieutenant governors, and persons acting as such, in the West India islands, who have permitted the importation and exportation of goods and commodities in foreign bottoms.

[April 17, 1794.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act passed in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majesty King Charles the Second,

[13 Car. 2. c. 18.]

intituled An act for the encouraging and increasing of shipping and navigation, and by other acts of parliament now in force, no goods or commodities whatsoever can be imported into, or exported out of, any lands, islands, plantations, or territories to his Majesty belonging, or in his possess ony or which may hereafter belong unfo, or be in the possession of his Majesty,

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 35. 517

his heirs and successors, in Asia, Africa, or America, in any other ship or ships, vessel or vessels whatsoever, but in such ships or vessels as do truly, and without fraud, belong only to the people of Great Britain, or of any of the territories thereof in the manner and under the penalties, and subject to the exceptions and regulations, in the said acts respectively contained: but whereas, notwithstanding the said aids, certain of his Majesty's governors or lieutenant governors of the islands in the West Indies, or persons aiding as such, have found iherr^ jives under the necessity of openings with the advice of their respective councils, the ports of the said isands, for a limited time, for the importation of certain articles of provisions and lumber for the supply of the said isands, in foreign bottoms, and in like manner for the exportation of certain articles, the produce of the said isands, in return for the same: and whereas the if and ^Tobago and certain parts of the if and of Saint Domingo have been surrendered to his Majesty, and are now in his Majests possession, at the time of which surrender it was stipulated and agreed, that the importation of provisions, cattle, grain, and wood of various kinds from the united fates of America, and from other parts of America and the West Indies, and the exportation of certain articles therein enumerated, being the produce of the said islands, should be allowed for a limited time, in the foreign bottoms and vessels therein described: and whereas such importation and exportation as aforesaid are contrary to the said acts of parliament, but being permitted, either from the necessity of the occasion, or by virtue of the articles of capitulation, in consequence of which the said if and of Tobago, and certain parts of the said if and of Saint Domingo, were so surrender ed to his Majesty, and put into his Majestys possesson, the same ought to be jufifed by an aid of parliament; and all persons filing, advising, or aiding under, or in obedience to, any order or permission of any of the said governors or lieutenant governors of the failI isands, or persons aiding as such, and all persons concerned in any importation or exportation as aforesaid, should be respectively jufified, be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That all personal Suits for hav-anions and Ants, indictments, informations, and all prosecutions and proceedings whatsoever, which have been or shall be here- portation or after prosecuted or commenced against any person or persons for importation having issued or advised any such order or permission, at any time of provision, after the second day of February one thousand seven hundred and ^ndsin the ninety-three, and before the passing of this act, or for any act West Indies, done by reason of any such order or permission, or relating to any in foreign bot-such exportation or importation in consequence of such order or ^nce

permission, be, are, and shall be, discharged and made void by virtue of this act; and that if any action or suit shall be prosecuted or commenced against any person or persons, for or by reason of any such act, matter, or thing, so advised, commanded, appointed, or done, or forborne to be done, he, she, or they, may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence; and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs in any action

5x8 Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 3 37. [1794.

or suit so to be prosecuted or commenced in that part of Great Britain called England, or in the said West India islands* shall become nonsuit* or forbear further prosecution* or suffer discontinuance* or if a verdbft pass against such plaintiff or plaintiffs* the defendant or defendants shall recover his* her* or their double costs* for which he, (he* or they shall have the like remedy as in cases where the costs by law are given to defendants; and if any such action or suit as aforesaid shall be commenced or prosecuted in that part of Great Britain called Scotland the court before which such action or suit shall be commenced or prosecuted shall allow to the defender the benefit of the discharge and indemnity hereby provided* and shall further allow him his double costs of suit in all such cases as aforesaid.

Defendants

II. And be it also enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if may apply to any action or fujt hath been already commenced against any per-such^aions76 ^on or Persons> for any such matter, or thing* so advised. Hayed, &c. commanded, appointed* or done, or forborne to be done* it shall and may be lawful for the defendants or defenders in such action or suit respectively* in whatever court in Great Britain, and in the said West India islands, such action or suit shall have been commenced* to apply to such court or courts respectively to stay all proceedings therein respectively, by motion in a summary way* and such court or courts are hereby required to make order for that purpose accordingly; and the court or courts making such order shall allow and award to the defendants or defenders respectively double costs of suit, for which they shall respectively have the like remedy as in cases whete the costs are by law given to defendants or defenders.

CAP. XXXVI.

An act to continue several laws relating to the exportation of culm to Lisbon, and to the ascertaining the strength of fpiiits by Clarke's hydrometer.

[April 17, 1794.]

Act 31 Geo. c. 15. for encouraging the exportation of culm to Lisbon* and 13 Geo. 3. c. 70. for continuing the said act, further continued to March 25, 1795. So much of 27 Geo. 3. c. 31. as directs that spirits shall be deemed of the strength denoted by Clarke's hydrometer continued to June 1, 1797.

CAP. XXXVII.

An act for altering an act passed in the seventh year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, intituled An act for making the rivers Mersey and Irwell navigable from Liverpool to Manchester, in the county palatine of Lancaster, by incorporating the proprietors of the said navigation; and to declare their respective shares therein to be personal estate.

[March 28, 1794.]

[Publick act.]

Act 7 Geo. 1. c. 15, recited. Proprietors incorporated by the name of "The Company of Proprietors of the Mersey and Irwell Navigation." Property of navigation. See. vested in the company of proprietors, and shares deemed personal estate. The proprietors inverted with the powers of the former act,

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 38. 519.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An act for making and maintaining a navigable canal out of and from the Warwick and Birmingham canal, now cutting, or intended to be cut, in the parish of Budbrooke, in the county of Warwick, into the Oxford canal, in the parish of Braunston, in the county of Northampton.

[March 28, 1794.]

Proprietors incorporated by the name of "The Company of Proprietors of the Warwick and Braunston Canal Navigation.'" To make a navigable canal from any part of the Warwick and Birmingham canal, in the parish of Budbrooke, within the distance of one thousand five hundred yards of a certain bridge, at a place called the Saltisford, in the parish of Saint Mary in Warwick, and from thence through a part of the parish of Budbrooke, and through the parishes, hamlets, See. of Saint Mary and Saint Nicholas in Warwick, Lemington Priors, Radford Semele, Offchurch, Long Itch-ington, Bafcote, Burdingbury, Lemington Hastings, Hill, Broadwell, otherwise Bradwell, Granborough, Wofcote, otherwise Woolfcote, and Willoughby in the county of Warwick, and Braunston in the county of Northampton. Map and book of reference authenticated by the speaker of the house of commons to be allowed in evidence. Waste water of the Warwick and Birmingham canal to run into the intended canal. For preventing loss of water by the junction with the Warwick and Birmingham canal. Line of canal through the lands of Henry Christopher Wife, esq; described. Water not to be taken from the priory mill, Sec, nor the rivers Avon or Leam. No relervoir to be made on the grounds of Mr.

Knightley or Mrs. Leigh. Line of canal through lands of Griffin's charity,

Matthew Wife and Francis Wheeler, esquires described. Sixpence per ton to be paid by the company for lime stone got in the lands of sir William Wheeler and Francis Wheeler, esq. Water not to be taken from the stream which supplies the farm house of John Clarke, esq. Not to deviate from the line laid down in the plan without consent. Land owners omitted in the book of reference not to obstruct making the canal. Breadth of canal not to exceed thirty yards. After the canal Sec. set out, the land so let out may be sold and conveyed to the company. Satisfaction for lands to be made in gross sums or by annual rent. If parties cannot agree, satisfaction to be settled by of or a jury. Yearly rents charged on the rates. Commissioners shall fix the price of lands. If parties are diffa.tisfted with the determination of the of, the value to be ascertained by a jury, whose verdict is to be final. If parties are unable or unwilling to treat, a jury to ascertain the value. Twenty pounds penalty on sheriffs, and five pounds on jurymen making default. Expences of of and jury. Persons requeuing juries to enter into a bond to prosecute. Notice of injury to company of proprietors before complaint to of Upon payment, or tender of purchase money, company to enter to make canal. Verdicts, Sec. to be recorded, and lands become vested in the company. Company to be taxed for lands, Sec. in proportion as adjoining lands. Purchase money to be laid out to the same uses. Commissioners to settle proportions of money to be paid to persons inter -efted. Compensation to be made for tythes. If costs and damages not paid in four months, the same may be levied by distress. Commissioners to appoint a clerk. To prevent destroying works. Proprietors may raise one hundred thousand pounds, to be divided into a thousand shares of one hundred pounds each. No person to have more than fifteen shares. Additional sum of thirty thousand pounds may be raised, if necessary. Five pounds per cent, interest to be paid to the subscribers out of the money raising whilst the works are carrying on. Subscribers to have a vote for each share. General assembly for choosing a committee. Committee to be under controul of general assembly. General assemblies to consist of two hundred and fifty shares. Powers of general assembly and committee. Subscribers forfeiting shall have personal notice, and the forfeiture mull be declared at a general assembly. General assemblies may remove committee men, make bye laws, Sec, On death of subscribers before shares completed,

Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c.

[1794.

executors allowed to contribute. How ffiares may be disposed of; Officers to be appointed. Books to be kept by the committee. Rates of tonnage. For all coals, iron, timber, and other things carried any distance on the canal, not exceeding eight miles, and passing a lock or locks, two-; pence per ton a mile. For coals, &c. carried for more than seven, and not more than fifteen miles, two-pence per ton for the first seven miles, and one penny per ton for every mile beyond the seven and not exceeding thirteen miles. For coals, &c. not passing a lock, one penny halfpenny per ton per mile. For coals, &c. carried the whole or any part of the canal more than thirteen miles, one penny halfpenny per ton per mile. Lime and limestone to pay only half the above rates. Free stone to pay one penny halfpenny per ton per mile, and empty boats going for free stone not liable to rates. Wharfage in certain cases. Company may alter rates* Matters of boats. &c. to give an account in writing to the collectors of goods on board. Weight of the lading of vessels to be marked, boats to be gauged. One hundred and twenty pounds to be deemed an hundred weight. Collectors may weigh goods. Navigation to be free on payment of rates. Owners and occupiers of lands may use boats, not more than five feet broad, not passing a lock or carrying for hire, without payment of rates. Roads to be made by the side of the canal where it paffies through common field land. Drains to be made for lands adjoining. Towing paths to be ffiparated from the adjoining lands. Gates, bridges, &c. to be made, and in case of failure of to do it. The company neglecting to repair works, land owners may do it. Works damaged by floods to be repaired by the company. Coals, &c. found in digging the canal may be taken by the owners of land. Method of getting mines under the canal. Method of discovering when mines are working under the canal. Mines to be got by the owners, unless the company make satisfaction. Owners of mines may make cuts into the canal, and collateral cuts through their own lands. Owners of lands may erect bridges. Company retrained from making or taking down buildings, &c. Land owners, &c. may erect warehouses on their own land, but if not within twelve months alter notice the company may build. Rates of wharfage and cranes may be erected. Boat-matters or owners answerable for damage done by their crew. Proper places to be made for boats to turn in Vessels lying lb as to obftvuct the navigation to be removed. Five pounds penalty for overloading and obstructing the passage of the canal, or throwing ballad into it. Penalty for injuring locks, gates, &c. not less than twenty shillings, nor more than five pounds.' Regulation for vessels passing locks. Canal not to be under the power of commissioners of sewers. Preserving rights of lords of manors and copyhold rights. Rights of lords of manors and land owners to fisheries. Persons on board boats having nets, &c. not qualified, to forfeit five pounds. Commissioners to give fourteen days notice of meeting, and hold them when requested by the company. Power to hold special meetings for ascertaining damages. Meetings of commissioners to be held within live miles of the canal. For-recovering lands in case the canal shall not be completed or disused. Compelling subsevibers to pay. Recovery and application of penalties. Proceedings not to be quashed for want of form. Damages not provided for to be settled by of Persons aggrieved by irregularity in distress to recover only the special damage. Appeal to quarter sessions. The Oxford canal company to take the following rates of tonnage: For coa!3 navigated out of the intended canal into the Oxford canal, two shillings and nine-pence per ton. For all other goods, &c. (except lime and limestone and manure) navigated out of the intended canal into the Oxford canal, or out of the Oxford canal into the intended canal (except such as shall be bona fide navigated from the Coventry canal, or from any intermediate place between the Coventry canal and the intended canal into the said intended canal) four shillings and four-pence per ton. For lime and limestone which ill all pass out of the intended canal into the Oxford canal, sixpence per ton; but not to take any more tonnage for coals or goods going out of the intended canal into the grand fundtioncanal, or vice versa. To prevent the evasion of tonnage. Tonnage to be paid within fix miles of the junction with the Oxford canal, and aftop gate to be erected there. Boat matters, &c. to give an account of goods on board; from whence brought, and where bound to.

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 39.

[Publick act.]

[Treble costs.]

[General issue.]

Goods, &c. navigated on the intended canal only, not to pay any tonnage to the Oxford company. Willoughby wharf guaranteed. If a reduction of the tonnage on the Oxford canal north of Braunston shall be made, then the tonnage hereby granted to the Oxford company shall be reduced in proportion. Top water to be kept six inches higher than the Oxford canal at the junction, according to the present first lock wier on the canal north of Braufl^on, and a flop lock to be erected. Tonnages granted to the Oxford canal company to go in aid of the guaranteeship. Oxford canal company impowered to reduce the tonnage, and raise it again. Bridges to be built over the Oxford canal for horses and haling boats to pass over. Limitation.of addons.

CAP. XXXIX.

An act for making a navigable canal from or near Porthywain lime rocks, in the parish of Llanyblodwell, in the county of Salop, to or near Newtown, in the county of Montgomery; and also certain collateral cuts from the said canal.--[March 28, 1794.]

Proprietors incorporated by the name of "The Company of Proprietors of the Montgomeryshire Canal." Canal to be called "The Montgomeryshire Canal, " and made navigable from Porthywain lime rocks, in the parish of Llanyblodwell, to the town of Pool, and from thence by Berriew and Garth mill, to or near the river Severn, opposite to the east side of the town of Newtown, and also collateral cuts. Power to make roliers, inclined planes, &c. Houses, gardens, See. not to be injured. Not to take any water from Lledan Brook, Countrey House Brook, or Livior Brook, except the water of Lledan for twenty-four hours every week, and the water of the said brooks during four years for puddling. Certain mills to be purchased by the company, if injured. Plan deposited with the clerks of the peace for the counties of Salop, Denbigh, and Montgomery, to remain there. Breadth of the canal and towing paths to be twenty-four yards. No building to be erected on the towing paths, except for the navigation. Bodies politick, &c. impowered to convey lands, &c. Compensation for lands may be made in gross sums or by rents. If parties cannot agree, the price to be settled by the commissioner or a jury. Commissioners to appoint a clerk. Commissioners may hold special meetings, and meetings to determine disputes, to be held within fix miles of the place where the matter arises. Commissioners to examine witnesses, and settle disputes. If parties are dissatisfied with determination of of, value to be ascertained by a jury. Twenty pounds penalty on iherisis, and five pounds on jurymen, making default. Expences of of, witnesses and jury, by whom to be paid. Persons requesting juries, to enter into bond to prosecute. Notice of injury to be given to the proprietors before complaints to the of Compensation for tythes. Verdict of value of lands and damages to be ascertained separately. Power to enter and take pofifeflion of lands, on payment or tender of purchase-money. Verdicts to be recorded. Purchase-money belonging to corporations, &c. to be paid to the same uses. Commissioners to settle proportion of the money to be paid to the several persons interested. Proprietors to raise seventy-two thousand pounds, to be divided into shares of one hundred pounds each. Proprietors to receive five pounds per cent, until the canal is finished.' Proprietors to have a vote for every one hundred pounds. Proprietors may raise an additional sum of twenty thousand pounds by mortgage. First general assembly. to be held at the town of Pool, on the seventh day of July, 1794. And a general assembly to be held on the first Monday in July yearly, to chuse a committee, &c. Twenty-one days notice of meeting of l'pecial assemblies of proprietors. General assembly to appoint officers. Powers of the committee, and regulations respeefting the same. Committee to make calls. No advantage to be taken of forfeiture without personal notice. On the death of subscribers before share completed, executors may do it. Shares may be sold. Names of proprietors to be entered in a book by the clerk, and tickets of their ihuarcs delivered to them. Rates, For lime stone, one Vol, XXXIX M m penny

Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 40. [1794.

[Publick act.]

[Treble costs.]

[General issue.]

penny halfpenny per ton per mile. For coal, culm and lime, two-pence farthing per ton per mile. For all other (lone, pig iron, brick, timber, tiles, Hates, gravel, (and, lead ore, iron ore, and all other raw materials, three pence per ton per mile. For bark, cordwood, coak, charcoal, lead, wrought iron, baulk and deals, three-pence halfpenny per ton per mile. And for all other goods, four-pence per ton per mile. The following rates for passing upon the canal between Livior Brook, on the wefteitt side of the township of Garthmill and Newtown. For lime stone, two-pence farthing per ton per mile. For coal, culm and lime, three-pence per ton per mile. For stone, pig iron, brick, timber, tiles. Hates, gravel, sand, lead ore, iron ore, and all other raw materials, five pence per ton per mile. For bark, cordwood, coak, charcoal, lead, wrought iron, baulk, and deals, five-pence halfpenny per ton per mile. And for all other goods, sixpence per ton per mile. Rates may be altered. Fifty cubicle feet of round, or forty cubick feet of square oak, ash, elm, or beech timber, and fifty cubick feet of fir ordeal, baulk, poplar, birch, or other timber, to be deemed a ton weight. One hundred and twenty pounds of coal, coak, culm, lime, free stone and lime stone, and one hundred and twelve pounds of all other commodities, to be deemed an hundred weight. Rates upon lime stone, coal, and lime, to be reduced one farthing per ton per mile, when the clear profits of the canal amount to ten pounds per centum. If the profits should afterwards be less than eight pounds per centum, the rates to be again raised. Matters of boats to give an account of their lacting, on penalty of twenty shillings a ton. Navigation to be free on payment of rates. Passage boats not to be. navigated but upon terms to be fixed by the of Drains to be made to convey water from the lands adjoining, and watering places for cattle^ Towing paths to be fenced off, &c. If bridges, &c. made by the company insufficient, land owners may make others at their own expence. Swivel or draw bridges to be (hut after vessels have passed. Works damaged by floods to be repaired by the company. Company may cleanse adjoining water courses at the land owners expence. Lords of manors and land owners may erect wharfs, &c. but if not done in twelve months after notice, the company may build wharfs, &c. Company of proprietors not to use private wharfs. Mailers to put their names on the outside of boats. Weight of the lading of vessels to be marked. Boat owners to be accountable for damages done by their crew. Committee to regulate the navigation. Regulations of vessels passing the locks. Lock keepers not to give undue preference. Canal not to be under the power of commissioners of sewers, and how to be rated. Lords of manors' right of fishery preferred. Land owners may use pleasure boats on the canal. Mines reserved to lords of manors, and other proprietors. Company's agents to be at liberty to enter lands or mines to view the works. Land owners, See. may make rail-ways to mines, lime stone quarries, furnaces, Sec. Cuts may be made to mines, Sec. with content of land owners. Subscribers compelled to pay their subscriptions. Compensation to be made by the company for the diminution of tolls at certain turnpikes, and may remove the gates and toll houl'es if necessary. Directions respecting a feeder from the river Tannat, in case of a communication with the Ellesmere canal. Majority of proprietors may make future applications to parliament for power to open communications with the canal. Recovery of forfeitures. Persons aggrieved by irregularity in di ft refs, to recover only the special damages. Appeal. Proceedings not to be quashed for want of form, nor removed by certiorari. Limitation of actions.

CAP. XL.

An act for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money, to be raised by a lottery.

[May 9, 1794.]

740, 666b 13s. 4d. to be raised by a lottery, and subscribers to deposit iL 1 os. 4d. for each ticket. All persons who have made deposits, pursuant to the resolution of the house of commons, are required to pay the remainder of

their

5*3

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 40.'

their subscriptions at the times following, viz. al. by May 23, 1794 2l. by

July a8;  al. by September 5;  3l. by October 24;  4l. by November ai;  and the remaining 4l. by January 13, 1795; and the contributors for each 18L 10s. 4d. advanced, shall be intitled to such lot upon each fortunate ticket as is herein mentioned; and those that pay contributions before November 20, to be allowed discount at 3l. per cent, per annum, and to h^ive lottery tickets delivered at 181. 10s. 4d. each. Cashier to give security to the l'atisfaction of the commissioners of the treasury, and to pay all monies received into the exchequer. Commissioners of the treasury impowered to apply the money paid in by the cashier. 500, ooool. the amount of the prizes, to be paid out of any supplies granted this session. Managers and directors of the lottery to be appointed by the treasury. Method of the lottery books. Managers to examine the books, with the tickets, and deliver them to the cashiers of the bank, taking a receipt for the same.

Cashiers to return the books, with the undisposed of tickets, and an account of money received and paid in Undisposed tickets to be delivered into the exchequer. Tickets of the middle columns to be rolled up, and fattened with thread or silk, and cut off indent wife into a box marked with the letter ( A), and put into another box, to be locked up and sealed. Books to be prepared with two columns, on each of which 40, 000 tickets are to be printed. The number and value of the fortunate

tickets.-----'Two prizes of 20, 000k 2 of 10 ooool.--2 of 5, 000l.---3

of 2, ooool.-----7 of 1, ooool. 10 of 500l.---50 of iool.---60 of 50l.---

and 11, 100 of 20l.--1, ooool. to the first drawn ticket, and i, ooool. each

to the first drawn ticket upon 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22,

23, 24> 25, 26, 27, 28, and 29 days of drawing, and 1, ooool. to the last;

drawn.---181. each to the owners of the first: 9, 000 tickets drawn blanks.

Tickets in the outermost column of the last mentioned books to be rolled up and tied, and cut off into a box marked with the letter (B), Sec, Publick notice to be given of putting the tickets into the boxes. Lottery to begin drawing on February 16, 1795. Method to be observed in drawing, &c. Number of the fortunate tickets, and the Turns, to be printed. Disputes to be adjusted by the managers. Penalty on forging tickets, Sec. felony without benefit of clergy. Offenders (not in prison) discovering persons guilty, to receive a pardon, and 50l. reward. No attainder for such offences to make corruption of blood, Iofs of dower, or dilherifon of heirs. Managers to be sworn. The oath.

I A.B. as a manager and director of the lottery to be draVvn in pursuance of an act of parliament, made in the thirty-fourth year of his Majesty's reign, do swear, That I will faithfully execute the trust reposed in me; and that I will not use any indirect art or means, or permit or direct any person to use any indirect art or means, to obtain a prize or fortunate lot therein, for myself, or any other person whatsoever; and that will do the utmost of my endeavours to prevent an undue or sinister -practice to be done by any person whatsoever; and that I will, to the best of my judgement, declare to whom any prize, lot or ticket, of right does belong, according to the true intent and meaning of the said act.

Cashier may receive the sums subscribed before receiving the lottery book, giving a note for the same; which shall entitle the bearer to a ticket for every 181. 10s. 4d. paid. After May 23, 1794? the cashier may deliver tickets not exceeding in value half of the sum actually subscribed; and shall give receipts for the residue of such Turns, after, deducing the value of the tickets To delivered. Contributors not making good their payments within the times limited, forfeit their deposits, and the tickets to be returned to the managers, Sec. Commissioners of the treasury may reward the managers, Sec, as they shall think fit'. The 500, 0001. for the payment of the fortunate tickets, to be charged^on any supplies granted this session; and shall be paid to the proprietors, without any deduction, on July 1,

1795) &c. Managers to give notice of the times for exchanging tickets for certificates. Certificates to be numbered, &c. and signed, Sec. Commissioners of the treasury impowered to defray the incidental expences attending the execution of this act. No fees to be taken for receiving or

5 M

Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 40. [1794.

paying contribution monies for receipts, Sec. on penalty of twenty pounds. No person to take down the numbers of the tickets at the time of drawing, unless employed as a clerk, or licensed so to do. Persons so licensed by the commissioners of stamps, shall provide books, which shall be stamped on every leaf. Commissioners to grant such licences only on account of licensed lottery offices, and only one for each. Five pounds penalty on unlicensed persons taking down or publishing the numbers of tickets drawn, Sec. On complaint, the magistrates of London may grant warrants for apprehending offenders. Persons in the actual coriimilTion of such offence, may be apprehended by any person, and carried before a magistrate, who may commit the offender, if the penalty be not paid. Application of penalties. Fifty pounds penalty on persons summoned as witnesses not appearing. Commissioners shall not be required to grant a licence for dealing in lottery tickets, unless it shall appear that the party is able to answer the penalty required by law, and he shall have deposited a certain number of tickets, &c. Persons to whom licences are granted to give bond agreeably to 22 Geo. 3. c. 47. At the end of twelve months after expiration of licences, the of may give up bonds, or put them in suit. Licences of persons neglecting to deposit, or divide into /hares fifty tickets, to be void, and the defaulters to be published in the Gazette, Sec. In cases where licences under 22 Geo. 3. c. 47. are declared void, in such cases licences granted after the commencement of this act shall be void, for offences against this act, or 27 Geo. 3. c. 1. Licences may be refused to persons convicted. Twenty pounds penalty on persons continuing on their houses the words " Licensed to deal in Lottery Tickets, " after expiration of their licences, Sec. Executors, &c. may be authorised to carry on business for the residue of the terms of licences. No tickets to be divided into any other ffiares than halyes, quarters, eighths, and sixteenths, on penalty of fifty pounds. Application and recovery of penalties.

j^OTTERY for the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four.

(AnHalf) Ticket, No.

(or as the Ihart may be)

46 The bearer of this share will be entitled to one part of such

beneficial chance as shall belong to the ticket numbered as above, in the lottery to be drawn by virtue and in pursuance of an act passed in the thirty-fourth year of his present Majesty's reign."

[Treble costs.]

Persons counterfeiting /hares, Sec. guilty of felony. Persons having in their custody any register or lift of tickets, but as in this act particularised; or keeping any place for examining tickets, to forfeit fifty pounds. On complaint on oath of offences against 27 Geo. 3. c. 1. whereby the parties may be liable to punishment as rogues, justices may authorise persons employed by the commissioners of stamp duties to break open houses, Sec. Persons discovered in such houses, concerned in carrying on illegal transactions, to be punished as rogues, and may be arrested, Sec. Persons ob-ftriidting officers may be fined, imprisoned, and whipped. Addons to be prosecuted in the name of the attorney general, or an officer appointed by the commissioners of the stamps. Where the amount of penalties filed for is not inserted in writs, the defendant to be served with a copy of the process, and not arrested, &c. Offenders adjudged rogues and vagabonds may be committed to gaol, and no appeal, nor removable by certiorari. General blue.

---

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 41. 525

CAP. XLI.

An act to impower the East India Company to continue a Bond Debt of Two Millions, and to increase the same by a further Sum, as Circumstances may require.

[May 9, 1794.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the last session of Parliament,

[33 Geo. 3. c. 47, recited.]

intituled, An act for placing the stock called East India Annuities under the management of the governor and company of the Bank of England, and ingrafting the same on the three pounds per centum reduced annuities, in redemption of a debt of four millions two hundred thousand pounds owing by the publick to the East India Company, and for enabling the said company to raise a sum of money by a further increase of their capital stock, to be applied in discharge of certain debts of the said company, it was amongst other things enacted, that it should be lawful for the said company, with the consent of the commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury or any three of them, or the high treasurer for the time being, at any time or times thereafter to open books and receive subscriptions for enlarging their then present capital stock or fund of five millions to any sum not exceeding the further sum of one million, so as to make their whole capital stock the sum of six millions; and that the said company should, out of the monies to arise by the said subscriptions, in the first place apply so much thereof as should be sufficient for the purpose in reducing their bond debt in Great Britain to the sum of one million five hundred thousand pounds, and after such reduction made or a sufficient sum set apart and reserved for that purpose, that the said company should and might apply and dispose of the residue of the monies arising by the said subscriptions in the discharge of such other debts due or coming due from them as they should think fit: and it was thereby also enacted, that after the said bond debt should have been so reduced to one million five hundred thousand pounds as aforesaid it should not be lawful for the said company again to increase the same beyond that amount, unless with the approbation of the board of commissioners for the affairs of India for that purpose in writing first had and obtained, and that the whole increase to be made to the said bond debt should in nowise exceed the sum of five hundred thousand pounds: and whereas the said company have accordingly received subscriptions in the manner by the said act directed, whereby their capital stock hath been increased to six millions, and the said company have, out of the monies arising by the said subscriptions, paid, bought up or otherwise discharged bonds to the amount of one million one hundred and fifty thousand five hundred and seventy-five pounds or thereabouts, and have set apart a sufficient sum for the purchase or discharge of as many more bonds as will reduce the said debt to two millions: whereas in the present state of the affairs of the said company it will be for their convenience and advantage that, instead of applying any further part of the money which hath arisen by the said subscriptions in or towards a further reduction of their said bond debt beyond the sum already set apart as aforesaid, the company should be permitted to apply the same to the general purposes of their commerce,

526 Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 42. [1794.

and to continue on foot the said bond debt of two millions, and it is also expedient that the said company should be permitted to increase their said bond debt by a further sum not exceeding one million, as circumstances may require: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same,

[Company may continue their bond debt of 2,000,000l. and borrow a further sum of 1,000,000l.]

That it shall and may be lawful for the said company to keep on foot and continue their said bond debt in Great Britain at the aforesaid amount of two millions, and to apply the surplus monies of the said subscriptions remaining, after reducing or setting apart a sufficient sum to reduce the said bond debt to the amount aforesaid, to and for the general purposes of their trade and commerce; and further, that it shall and may be lawful for the said company, by and with the approbation and consent of the board of commissioners for the affairs of India for the time being, at any time or times hereafter to borrow upon and issue bonds under their common seal for any further sum or sums of money not exceeding in the whole the sum of one million, for the purposes of their trade, as circumstances may require, any thing contained in the said Act or in any other Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XLII.

---

An act for granting to foreign ships, put under his Majesty's protection, the privileges of prize ships, under certain regulations and refrictions; for allowing aliens in foreign colonies, surrendered to his Ma-jefy, to exercise the occupations of merchants or factors; and for repealing an act passed in the twelfth year of the reign of his late Majesty, intituled An act for granting a liberty to carry sugars, of the growth, produce, or manufacture, of any of his Majesty's sugar colonies in America, from the said colonies directly to foreign parts, in ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to law; and also so much of an act passed in the fijtee?ith year of the reign of his late Majesty, as amends the said act.

[May 9, 1794.]

[Preamble,

WHEREAS, in consequence of articles of capitulation, whereby certain foreign colonies, or parts of foreign colonies, have been, or may hereafter be, surrendered to his Majesty, during the present war, certain foreign ships and vessels may have been put, or may be put, under his Majesty's protection: and whereas the said J.hips and vessels, not being taken and condemned as lawful prize in any court of admiralty, cannot, by the laws nozu in force be regifered as prize ships, and be entitled to the privileges and advantages of such ships: and whereas it is juf and expedient that flips or vessels, which fall have been or may be so put under his Majestfs protection, should be admitted, in like manner as prize ships, to the privileges and advantages of British ships or vessels, under certain regulations and restrictions: be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal? and commons, in this y present

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 42. 527

present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That all foreign ships and vessels heretofore owned by the subjects Vessels of his late mod: christian Majesty, which, in consequence of any the|^tejrrench > such capitulation, shall have been or maybe so put under his Ma- king, put un-jesty's protection, at the time of, or in consequence of, the fur- der his Ma-render of any foreign colony, or part of any foreign colony, to his jesty's protec- Majesty, shall and may be registered in like manner as ships

taken and condemned as lawful prize may, by the laws now in privileges of force, be registered, and shall, by virtue thereof, become entitled British vessels, to the privileges and advantages of British.i ships or vessels, under under certain the regulations and restrictions herein after mentioned: provided ie^r^c>ns* always, That no such ship or vessel shall be so registered but upon producing a certificate, under the hand and seal of the person who commanded in chief, by sea or by land, at the time when such foreign colony, or part of foreign colony, was surrendered to his Majesty, or in case of the death or departure of any such officer before such certificate shall have been so given, then upon a like certificate under the hand and seal of the person who shall command in chief, by sea or by land, at such colony, or part of foreign colony, testifying that such ship or vessel was put under the protection of his Majesty at the time of, or in consequence of such surrender; and upon oath being taken and subscribed, before the person or persons authorised to make such registry, and grant such certificate of registry, respectively, (which they are hereby respectively impowered to administer), by the owner of such ship or vessel', if such ship or vessel is owned by or belongs to one person only, or, in case there shall be two joint owners, then by both of such joint owneis, if both shall be reftdent within twenty miles of the port or place where such register is required, or by one of such owners, if one or both of them shall be reftdent at a greater distance from such port or place, or if the number of such owners or proprietors shall exceed two, then by the greater part of the number of such owners or proprietors, if the greater number of them shall be reftdent within twenty miles of such port or place as aforesaid, not in any case exceeding three of such owners or proprietors, or by one of such owners, if all shall be reftdent at a greater distance, declaringrin the form and manner herein after directed, that such ship or vessel is wholly owned by natural-born British subjects, or by aliens that have been naturalised or made denizens, or by persons who have become British subjects by virtue of some capitulation as aforesaid, and have taken the oath of fidelity and allegiance to his Majesty in consequence of such capitulation, or by any or either of the before-mentioned descriptions of persons, and none other: provided also, that such registry shall Where re-not be made, nor certificate of such registry be granted, for any ofihch ship or vessel that has been or may be lo put under his Majesty's grTnted^protection in the istand of Saint Domingo, but at the port of King- 6 Jfon, in the istand of Jamaica \ nor for any ship or vessel that has been or may be so put under his Majesty's protection, in any of the French leeward islands, but in the port of Rofeauy in the istand of Dominica 3 and that the said port of Kingjhn3 in the istand of

528 Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 42.

[1794'-

Jamaica, and the port of Roseau, in the island of Dominica, shall respectively, for the purpose of such registry, be deemed and taken; to be the port to whidi such ship or vessel belongs.

II. And be it further enacted, That the oath before directed to be taken shall be in the form and manner following

Form of oath cc T A.B. of [place of residence and occupation], do make oath, to be taken A That the ship or vessel [name], of [port or place], whereof suchreeiftry [master's name], is at present maseer, being [kind of built, burthen,

'*&c. as described in the certificate of the filrveying officer], was [when and where built, or if prize, capture and condemnation, or if put under his Majesty's protection, when and where]; and that I the said A.B. [and the other owners names and occupations, if any, and where they respectively reside, videlicet, town, place, or parish and county, or if member of or resident in any factory in foreign parts, or in any foreign town or city, being an agent for or partner in any house or copartnership actually carrying on trade in Great Britain or Ireland, the name of such factory, foreign town, or city, and the names of such house or copartnership,] am [or are] foie owner or owners] of the said vessel, and that no other perfion or persons whatever hath or have any right, title, interest, /bare, or property, therein or thereto; and that I the said A.B. [and the said other owners, if any] am [or are] truly and bona fide a subject or subjects] of Great Britain, and that the said A.B. have not [nor have any of the other owners to the best of my knowledge and belief] taken the oath of allegiance to any foreign ft ate whatever [except un.ier the terms of some capitulation, describing the particulars thereof], or that fmce my taking [or his or their taking] the oath of allegiance to [naming the foreign fetes respectively to Which he or any of the said owners shall have taken the fame], aitd prior to the passing of an act in the twenty-fexth year of the reign of King George the Third., intituled An act for the further increase and encouragement of shipping and navigation, / have [or, he or they hath or have] become a subject [or, subjects] of Great Britain, [either by his Majesty's letters patent as a denizen or denizens, or, naturalized by act of parliament, as the case may be, naming the dates of the letters of denization, or the act or acts of parliament for naturalization, respectively,] or [as the case may be] I have [or, he or they hath or have] beco?ne a denizen [or, denizens, or naturalized subject or subjects, as the case may be,] of Great Britain, by his Majestfs letters patent, or by an act of parliament, puffed fence the firfe day of January one thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, [naming the times when such letters of denization have been granted respectively, or the year or years in which such act or acts of naturalization have passed respectively], or, that I A.B. and the other owners, if any, having become British subject or subjects by virtue of a capitulation [describing the particulars thereof as to place, date, and parties] have, or he or they hath or have taken the oath of fidelity and allegiance to his ?ntijefey the King of Great Britain, [describing the times when, the place where, and before'" whanf}

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 42. 529

whom taken], in consequence of such capitulation; and that no foreigner directly or indtreflly hath any Share, or part, or interest, in the said ship or vessel"

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Such vessels such ship or vessel, being registered and having a certificate of ^y.exPor^ registry as aforesaid, and being navigated as Britishb ships are now as herefn spe-or may hereafter be required by law to be navigated, to export cifted. from any such colony, or part of foreign colony, so surrendered, to his Majesty, to any of the Rrttish dominions in Europe, to any of the British colonies, plantations, or islands, in America, or the West Indies, to any foreign islands in the West Indies, not belonging to any sovereign or state at war with his Majesty, to the territories of the united states of America, to all other parts of the continent of America, and the islands adjacent to the western islands commonly called the Azores, and Madeira and Canary Islands., to the coast of Africa and the islands adjacent, and to none other place whatever; and also to import into any such foreign colony, or part of foreign colony, so surrendered to his Majesty, from any of the aforesaid dominions, colonies, plantations, territories, coast, or islands, and from none other place whatever, such goods and commodities respectively, and none other, as any B British-buWt ship or vessel may by law import or export to and from the aforesaid dominions, colonies, plantations, territories, coast, and islands respectively; and such exportation and importation respectively shall be made in like manner, and under and subject to the like duties, conditions, regulations, and restridftons, and subject to the like penalties and forfeitures for the breach thereof, as if such exportation or importation was made in any British-built ship or vessel.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful Majesty, for his Majesty, by and with the advice of his privy council, at

any time, on the arrival of any such ship or vessel in any port of vessel in any Great Britain, upon application to him made, and upon considera- port of Great tion of such circumstances as.shall satisfy his Majesty of the expe- Britain, may diency thereof, to authoriseany such ship or vessel, (without payment ^Vedftered of any duty whatever for the said ship or vessel, or the fails and as a prize other necessary tackle, apparel, and furniture thereof), to be re- ship. giftered, and to have a certificate thereof, as in the case of a prize ship, in any port in the kingdom of Great Britain, and such ship or vessel so registered shall in such case be entitled to all the privileges and advantages which belong by law to ships taken and condemned as lawful prize.

V. And, in order to prevent disaffected or suspedied persons, who have resided in any such foreign colony, or part of foreign colony which has been or may be so surrendered to his Majesty from bbtaining admission into any part of his Majesty's dominions in any ship or vessel whatever, among the mariners who may be employed to navigate the same, or

as passengers on board thereof be it further enacted, That, from From July 23, and after the twentieth day of July one thousand seven hundred794> no sub-and ninetyffour, no person heretofore a subject of his late most christ.ian Majesty, being a white person or mulatto, or free negro, to be on board

shall any such

53 Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 42. [1794.

vessel bound shall be employed to navigate any ship or vessel, bound from any 's ^ore, gn colony, or part of foreign colony, to any part of his dominions, Majesty's dominions, or be conveyed as a passenger.on board thereof, from any such foreign colony, or part of foreign colony, unless such person shall produce a certificate, under the hand and seal of the person who commands in chief as aforesaid in such

foreign colony, or part of foreign colony, or at the port or place therein, from whence such ship or vessel shall fail, testifying that

allegiance to his

unless he pro duce a certificate of his having taken the oath of fidelity, &c.

on penalty on such person has taken the oath of fidelity and the matter. Majesty, and that no negro Have belonging to any person whatsoever, heretofore a subject of his late most christian Majesty, shall be so employed or conveyed, but upon a certificate under the hand, and seal of his master, (which master shall have taken the oath of fidelity and allegiance as aforesaid), certifying the good character of such negro Have, and testifying that his conduct has been such that he may be lafely admitted into the ports of his Majesty's dominions; which certificate shall be indorsed by the person who commands in chief his Majesty's troops or vessels at the port or place from whence such ship or vessel shall fail, signifying that he has no reason to doubt of the truth thereof, upon pain that the master or other person having the charge or command of any such ship or vessel, shall forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds for every person employed or conveyed in his ship or vessel, who has not such certificates respectively.

l % Car. 2. c.

VI. And whereas, by an act passed in the twelfth year of the reign j8, recited. of King Charles the Second, intituled An act for the encouraging and increasing of shipping and navigation, it is enacted, that no alien, or person not born within the allegiance of our sovereign lord the King, his heirs and successors, or naturalized or made a free denizen, shall exercise the trade or occupation of a merchant or factor in any lands, if anas, plantations, or territories, to his Majesty belongings or in his possessioris or which might thereafter belong unto or be in the possession of his Majesty^ his heirs and successors, in Asia, Africa, or America, upon pain of the forfeiture and loss of all his goods and chattels, or which are in his possession: be it enacted, That every person although an alien born, and not naturalized nor made a free denizen, who shall reside in any island or place which has fur- Majesty in the rendered, or which shall hereafter surrender to his Majesty, and West Indies be in his Majesty's possession in the West Indies, and who shall have taken the oath of fidelity and allegiance to his Majesty, according to the terms of the capitulation under which such island or place shall have surrendered, shall be, and shall from the time of such surrender be deened to have been entitled to exercise the trade or occupation of a merchant or factor, in any such island or place; any thing in the said act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

12 Geo. 1. c.

VII. And whereas an act vaas passed in the twelfth year of the 50, and reign of his late Majesty, intituled An act for granting a liberty to

carry sugars, of the growth, produce, or manufacture of any of his Majesty's sugar colonies in America, from the said colonies diredfly to foreign parts, in ships built in Great Britain, and navigated

Aliens refid-ing in any place surrendered to his

may act as merchants or factors.

531

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 43.

vigated according to \a.w, 'which att was to continue and be in force for five years, to be reckoned from the twenty-fifth day of September one thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine, and from thence to the end of the "next session of parliament; and which has been since further cont'mued by several acts of parliament, and is now in force: and whereas, by an aid passed in the fifteenth year of his late Majesty's I5 c'

reign, intituled An act to revive several acts for the punishment 9

of persons destroying turnpikes or locks, or other works erected by authority of parliament, and for other purposes therein mentioned; and to continue several acts relating to rice, to frauds in the customs, to the clandestine running of goods, and to copper ore of the British plantations; and for extending the liberty -given by the act of the twelfth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for carrying sugar of the growth of the British Sugar colonies in America, to Ships belonging to any of his Majesty's subjects residing in Great Britain, and navigated according to law; and for the more effectual preventing the cutting of Star or bent; sugar of the growth of the British sugar colonies in America, was permitted to be carried from the said colonies dire Ally to foreign parts, in ships belonging to any of his Majesty's subjectts residing in Great Britain, and navigated according to lavac and whereas, in order to secure the bringing into the ports of his Majesty's dominions in Europe, sugar, the produce of such parts of the West Indies, as have lately or may hereafter come into his Majfiy's possession, it is expedient that the same should be repealed: be it enacted, That the Said act an<^ the for-passed in the twelfth year of his late Majesty's reign, and so much ^the^atfer^ of the said act passed in the fifteenth year of his late Majesty's repealed, reign as relates to carrying sugar, of the growth of the British sugar colonies in the West Indies, from the said colonies directly to foreign parts, in Ships belonging to any of his Majesty's subjects residing in Great Britain, and navigated according to law, be, and the same are hereby repealed.

CAP. XLIII.

An act to enable subjectts of France to enlifi as soldiers in regiments to serve on the continent of Europe, and in certain other places; and to enable his Majesty to grant commissions to subjectts of France, to serve and receive pay as officers in such regiments, or as engineers, under certain refit ill ions.

[May 9, 1794.]

[Preamble,

WHEREAS, during the present war between Great Britain and France, it may be expedient to raise regiments to serve on the continent of Europe, or in the dominions of his late most Christian majesty; and to enlist as soldiers in such regiments, such persons who were subjects of his late most Christian majesty as fall,* be willing to enlist themselves in his Majesty's service; and to enable certain numbers of them to serve and receive pay as officers in such regiments, and as engineers, under restri Actions; be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords Spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That

Europe, &c.

Such officers not entitled to half pay, nor any inch soldier liable to penalty for professing the popish religion.

Such troops

532 Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 43. [1794.

Subjects of the That it shall be lawful for all such persons who were subjects of his late French ]ate most Christian majesty, as shall be willing to serve his Ma-lht and ccept to as soldiers, and to accept commissions. or letters of

commissions service from his Majesty, his heirs and successors, or from persons to serve on the duly authorised by his Majesty to grant the same, (which corn-continent of mifllons it shall be lawful to grant), to serve as officers or as engineers in any part of the continent of Europe, or in the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, and Sark, or in any part of the'dominions of his late most Christian majesty: provided, That no such officer or soldier shall be enabled by this act to serve as an officer, or engineer, or soldier, in any place, except on the continent of Europe, or in any of the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, and Sark, or in any part of the dominions of his late most Christian majesty: provided also, That no such officer, when he shall be reduced, shall be entitled to receive half pay: provided also, That no such person as aforesaid shall be liable to any pain or penalty for having enlisted as a soldier in any such regiments as aforesaid, by reason of his having profefted the popish religion, and not having declared the same at the time of his enlisting.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case it may be landed shall be deemed necessary or expedient to bring any such troops as tai^for^r* aforesaid to any port or place in Great Britain, for the purpose of tain'purposes, rendezvous, or with a view to operations abroad, and it shall be &c. j deemed necessary or expedient to land such troops in any part of Great Britain, for health or exercise, it shall be lawful so to do, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding: provided always, That such troops so landed shall not be marched into the country to any distance greater than five miles from the sea coast: provided also, That notice of landing such troops shall, within fourteen days afer such landing, be given to both houses of parliament, if parliament shall be then assembled; and if not, then within fourteen days after the next meeting of parliament.

but no more HI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That there shall never than 5, 000 to be at any one time within this kingdom a greater number of be in the persons who shall have been enlisted under the authority of this kingdom at a(c^ than ve tj-)OUfanc[ men.

IV. Provided always, and be it further declared and enabled. That all and every such officers and soldiers respectively shall, whilst in his Majesty's service as aforesaid, be subject and liable to such articles of war as his Majesty shall think ftt to establish for the better government of such forces and for bringing offenders against the same to justice, and for constituting courts martial, with power to try, hear, and determine, any crimes or offences by such articles of war, and inflict penalties by sentenceor judgment of the same: provided always, That no officer or soldier shall, by such articles of war, be subject to any punishment extending to life or limb, for any crime which is not expressed to be so puniftaable by an act of this lection of parliament (intituled An act for punishing mutiny and desertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters) \ nor for such crimes as are expref-

any manner or under any

one time,

Officers and soldiers to be liable to such articles of war as his Majesty shall establish, &c.

fed to be so punishable in the said act, in

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 44, 45- 533

any regulations which shall not accord with the provisions of the said act: provided also, That every-person who shall be enlisted as a soldier under the authority of this act, shall be attested in such manner as his Majesty shall direct by such articles of war, and not otherwise; and that such officers and soldiers respectively shall take such oath for their fidelity, during their continuance in his Majesty's service, as his Majesty shall in like manner direct, and no other.

V. And be it further enacted, That this act shall be in force Continuance and have continuance during the said war, and from the end a<^-thereof to the end of the then next session of parliament.

CAP. XLIV.

An act to continue an act, made in the last session of parliament, for establishing courts of judicature in the island of Newfoundland; and to revive and continue so much of two acts, made in the tenth add sixteenth years of his present Majesty's reign, as relates to regulating the fees of the officers of the customs, and of the naval officers in the British colonies in America, and of the officers of the customs in the island of Newfoundland.

[May 9, 1794.]

Act 33 Geo. 3. c. 76. continued to June 10, 1795. So much of 10 Geo.

3. c 37. as relates to regulating fees of officers of customs, and naval officers in America; and so much of 16 Geo. 3. c. 47. as relates to fees of officers of customs, in Newfoundland, revived and to continue in force five years.

CAP. XLV.

An act to enable his Majesty to establish a court of criminal judicature in Norfolk Island.

[May 9, 1794.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act, made and passed, in the twenty seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to 27 Geo. 3. c* enable his Majesty to establish a court of criminal judicature on 2, 9 recited, the eastern coast of New South Wales, and the parts adjacent; it is enacted, That his Majesty may, by his commission under the great seal, authorise the person to be appointed governor, or the lieutenant governor in the absence of the governor, of the eafern coast of New South Wales, and the islands adjacent thereto, to convene, from time to time, as occasion may require, a court of judicature, for the trial and punifment of all such outrages and misbehaviours, as if committed within this realm would be deemed and taken, according to the laws of this realm, to be treason, or misprfion thereof felony, or misdeme'anor,

'which said court shall proceed to try such offenders after the manner ' therein mentioned: and whereas from the increased number of persons in Norfolk Istand, being one of the said Ifands adjacent to the said eafern coaf of New South Wales, and from the delay and difficulty attending the conveyance of prisonen from the said Norfolk Island to his Majesty'settlement on the said eafern coaf of New South Wales, the due execution of the said act hath been greatly retarded and impeded: for remedy thereof, and to the end that the benefits of the said act may be more effectually extended to his Majesty's settlement on Norfolk Istand; be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the

lords

534 Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 46. [1794.

lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parli-

His Majesty ament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That his

UieVcutenant ^-aJe % maY> by h*s commission under the great seal, authorise

governor of C lieutenant governor, or person for the time being administer-

ISTorfolk ing the government of his Majesty's settlement in Norfolk If and,

lstand, to con- to convene, from time to time, as occasion may require, a court

-^of judicature for the trial and punishment of all such outrages

and misbehaviours, as if committed within this realm would be

deemed and taken, according to the laws of this realm, to be

treason, or misprision thereof, felony, or misdemeanor; which

court shall consist of the judge advocate, to be appointed in and

be members for ^\s Majesty's settlement in Norfolk If and, together with four out, and bow 1 /u, ii____

vene a court of judicature for trial of offenders:

who are to

be members

they are to proceed.

Provost marshall to execute the judgment of the court.

Unless four members concur in adjudging capital

officers of his Majesty's forces by sea or land, and shall proceed to try all persons who shall offend in any of the premises, by calling such offenders respectively before them, by causing the charge against him, her, or them respectively, to be read over, which charge shall always be reduced into writing, and shall be exhibited to the said court by the judge advocate, and byexa^ mining witnesses upon oath, to be administered by such court, as well for as against such offenders respectively, and afterwards adjudging by the opinion of the major part of the persons composing such court, that the party accused is or is not (as the case shall appear to them) guilty of the charge, and by pronouncing judgment therein (as upon a conviction by verdict) of death, if the offence be capital, or of such corporal punishment, not extending to capital punishment, as to the said court shall seem meet.

II. And be it further enacted, That the provost marffiall or other officer to be for that purpose appointed by such lieutenant governor, or person for the time being administering the government of his Majesty's settlement in Norfolk If and as aforesaid, shall cause due execution of such judgment to be had and made, under and according to the warrant of such lieutenant governor, or person for the time being administering the government of his Majesty's settlement in Naif oik If and as aforesaid, under his hand and seal, and not otherwise: provided always, That execution shall not be had or done on any capital convict or convicts, unless

proceedings to be transmitted to his Majesty. Court to be a court of record.

offenders, the four persons present in such court shall concur in adjudging him, her, or them', so accused and tried as aforesaid, to be respectively guilty, until the proceedings shall have been transmitted to his Majesty, and by him approved.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said court shall be a court of record; and shall have all fu^h powers as, by the laws of England, are incident and belonging to a court of record.

CAP. XLVI.

An act for taking of spedal bail in all ions and suits depending in the court of common pleas of the county palatine of Lancaster.

[May 9, 1794.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it hath been found inconvenient that no person is impowered to grant commissions for the taking and receiving

recognizances

535

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 46.

recognizances of bail in actions and suits commenced or depending in the court of common pleas> otherwise called The court of session for the county palatine of Lancaster, held before his Majesty's justices there: for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and The chancel-after the passing of this act, the chancellor of the duchy and for or vice county palatine of Lancaster, or his vice chancellor for the said chancellor of county palatine for "the time being respectively, shall and may, by one or more commission or commissions, under the seal of the may authorise said county palatine, from time to time, as occasion may require, persons to impower such and so many person and persons, ' (other than com- take bail in mon attornies or solicitors), as he, or either of them, shall think a(^ns debt and necessary, in the said county palatine of Lancaster, to take Colfnty and receive all and every such recognizance or recognizances of court, See. bail or bails, as any person or persons shall be willing and desirous to acknowledge or make, before any person so impoweredMn any action or suit depending, or hereafter to be depending, in the said court, in such manner and form, and by such recognizance or bail piece, as special bails are usually or by law ought to be taken, which said commissions shall be made out by the prothonotary of the said court, upon, a bat or warrant from the said chancellor, or vice chancellor for the time being, and which said recognizance or recognizances, bail piece or bail pieces, so taken as aforesaid, together with an affidavit made of the due taking of the recognizances of such bail or bail piece, by Some credible person present at the taking thereof, or being one of the people called Quakers, by his affirmation, and which affidavit or affirmation the person foimpowered to take the said recognizance or recognizances of bail or bails shall be, and hereby is authorised to receive and take and to administer the oath or solemn affirmation, as the case may require, shall, within ten days after the taking such bail, be transmitted to the office of the prothonotary of the said county, there to be bled of record, upon payment of the sum of eleven shillings and eight-pence; and which recognizance of bail or bail piece, so taken and transmitted, shall be of full force and effect; and the following fees, and no more, shall be paid for each of the said lad: -mentioned commissions, and for taking the acknowledgements of the bail and affidavits, or affirmations respecting the same; (to wit),

The sum of three shillings for the bat or warrant: Pees,

The sum of eight shillings and six-pence for making out the commission, bebdes the King's duty and parchment: '

The sum of bve shillings for the seal:

The sum of six shillings for taking every such acknowledgement or bail piece

And the sum of one Shilling for the taking of the affidavit or affirmation of the due taking thereof.

Prothonotary or his deputy may take bail

536 Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 46. [1794.

Justices of the

II. And be it farther enacted by the authority aforesaid, That make rules *ls Majesty's justices of the said court, for the time being, shall for justifying an(^ maY make such rules and orders for the junifying of such bail, &c. bails, and making the same absolute, as to them shall seem meet, so that it may not be necessary for the cognizor or cognizors of any such bail or bails to appear in the said court to justify him or themselves, but that the same may be determined by affidavit or affidavits, (or being made by any of the people called Quakers, by affirmation or affirmations), duly taken before any commissioner to be appointed as aforesaid), or before the prothonotary of the said court for the time being, or his officiating deputy ex officious as officers of the said court, and without any commission for that purpose), touching the value of the respective estates, and other necessary qualifications of such cognizor or cognizors; and for the swearing of each such affidavit, or taking such affirmation, shall be received the sum of one shilling and no more.

III. Provided also nevertheless. That nothing in this act contained shall prevent the prothonotary of the said court for the as heretofore! tame being, or h*s officiating deputy, from taking and receiving ex officio, and as officers of the said court, recognizances of bails in actions or suits commenced or hereafter to be commenced in the said court, in such manner as he and they have done, or by law might do, if this act had not been made.

Persons swear-

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons

ing falsely to wh0 shall make any affidavit or affirmation of the due taking of the fametC>e- t'le recognizance of any bail, or for the justification of any bail, nalties as or otherwise in relation thereto, in any suit or action depending, would have or to be hereafter depending, in the said court, shall falsely swear, been incurred or falsely affirm in or by his or their said affidavit or affirmation r^corTat respectively, every such person and persons shall incur and be lia-Westminster. ble unto the like pains and penalties as he, she, or they, would have incurred and been liable unto, if such affidavit or affirmation had been made and taken in open court, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster,

Persons repre-

V. And be it further enacted, That any person or persons who fenting others shall, before any person or persons impowered by virtue of this act as aforesaid, to take special bail or bails, represent or perforate any other person or persons, whereby the person or persons so represented or penonated may be liable to the payment of any to be fuin or sums of money for debt or damages to be recovered in the same suit or action wherein such person or persons is or are represented or personated, as if he, she, or they had really acknowledged and entered into the same, being lawfully convicted thereof, shall be adjudged, e (teemed, and taken to be, a felon or felons, and suffer and incur the same pains, penalties, and forfeitures, as persons convicted of the like offences are liable to, by virtue of an act passed in the fourth year of the reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled An act for taking special bails in the country upon a ft ions and suits depending in the courts of King's bench, common pleas, and exchequer, at Westminster.

who may thereby be liable to the payment of money, deemed felons.

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 47. 537

CAP. XLVII.

An act to amend an act passed in the last session of parliament, intituled An act to provide for the families of persons chosen by lot to serve in the militia of this kingdom, and of substitutes serving the rein; and to explain and amend an act of parliament, passed in the twenty-sixth year of his present Majesty, intituled, ' An act for amending, and reducing into one act of parliament, the laws relating to the militia in that part of Great Britain called England \ and also an atI, made in this present session of parliament, intituled An act for augmenting the militia.

[May 9, 1794.]

WHEREAS, in and by an act passed in the last session of par-

[Preamble.]

liament, intituled An act to provide for the families of 33 Geo. 3. persons chosen by lot to serve in the militia of this kingdom, and c. 8, recited, of substitutes serving the rein; and to explain and amend an act of parliament, passed in the twenty-sixth year of his present Majesty, intituled, c An act for amending, and reducing into one act of parliament, the laws relating to the militia in that part of Great Britain called Englandj provison is made for the relief of the families of militia men chfen by lot, and of corporals, drurmners, and fifers, serving in the militia, in the cases in the said act mentioned; hut no provison is made therein for the families ofserjeants serving in the said militia: therefore be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the like allow- Like allowances shall be made to the families of serjeants serving in the ancestobe militia as by the said act is directed to be made to the families of r

corporals, drummers, and fifers, serving the rein, such allowance jeantSj as arg to be ordered, paid, and reimbursed, by such persons in such man- given by the ner as is directed by the said act, and by this act, with respect to recited act to the allowances made to the families of such corporals, drummers, the tallies of and fifers. corporals, &c.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That The families of if the colonel or commanding officer of any regiment of militia ^nS shall discharge any militia man, whether principal or substitute, mendischarg-at his own request, on his producing another man to serve in his edattheirown Head, and such militia man shall produce such person, who shall request enq be sworn and inrolled accordingly, the wife and family of such titled to relief, person so produced, inrolled, and sworn, shall be entitled to the same relief as the wives and families of every other substitute is by the said act, and this act, entitled to.

HE And be it further enacted, That if any churchwarden or Penalty on overseer of the poor shall, on demand made, in pursuance of any parish officers order of any justice or justices of the peace, for the payment of !L0* pay-ng

money m pur-

any lum or money, by virtue of the said act of the last lenion ot fuance of or* parliament, or of this act, and after the producing of the said order aers of juf-to him, refuse or neglect to pay and satisfy the sum or sums of tices>

53 Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 47. [1794.

money directed to be paid in or by such order, every such churchwarden or overseer of the poor, so refilling or neglecting to make such payment, shall, for every such neglect, forfeit the funi of five pounds, to be recovered upon the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, or by the confession of the party accused, before the justice making such order, or any other justice of the peace, of the county, riding, division, city, or place, where the offence shall be committed; which said justice is hereby authorised and required, upon any information exhibited, or complaint made in that behalf, to summon the party accused, and to examine into the matter of facfi and upon due proof thereof as aforesaid, to give judgement for such penalty, to be levied by distress and sale of the offender's goods and chattels, in case the same shall not be forthwith paid, by warrant under the hand and seal of such justice causing the overplus, if any, after deducing the charges of such diilrefs and sale, to be rendered to the party; and the penalty so adjudged shall be paid, one moiety thereof to the party aggrieved, and the other moiety to the poor of the parish.

Persons ag

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall find grieved may himself aggrieved by any such order of any justice or justices of 3 uarte/fe^ Peace> ^or t'^e Payment of any fitch sum of money as aforesaid, iions.*it ffisfi and may be lawful for such person to appeal to the justices of the peace, at the next general or quarter sessions of the peace, for the same county, riding, division, city, or place, when any demand, in pursuance of such order, shall be made as aforesaid, who are hereby impowered to hear and finally determine the same, and it shall be lawful for the said justices at such sessions to award and order, where they shall see occasion, the payment of such sum and sums of money which such appellant, as churchwarden or overseer of the poor, ought to have paid in pursuance of such order* made by virtue of the said act of the last session of parliament, or this act, and hath neglected to pay in manner aforesaid.

V. And whereas the treasurers of the several counties, ridings, cities, towns, divisions, and places, in England, necessarily incur and have extraordinary trouble, labour, and expence, in transaiding and

negotiating the business and duty of their respective offices whilst the

militia is embodied and in actualservice; anf as the law now Jlands,

no adequate recompense or satisfaction, in many cases, is or can be made

Quarter fef- or given to them for the same: be it therefore enacted, That it

Rons may or- anc] may lawful to and for the justices of the peace for every county m England\ riding, city, town, division, and place,

at any general quarter sessions of the peace to be held for each respective county, riding, city, town, division, and place, to order and direct such recompence and satisfaction as they shall think just and reasonable to be made or given to such treasurers, for their extraordinary trouble, labour, and expences aforesaid, for such time and in such manner as they shall think proper, to be paid or allowed out of the publick stock or treasure of every such county, riding, town, division, and place, respectively.

VI. And whereas by an ablj made in this session of parliament^ in-tit tiled} An act for augmenting the militia, certain powers are given

pence for trouble of conuty treasurers, &c.

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 48, 49. 539

for augmenting the number of the militia forces, to continue for a limited time; be it further enacted, That, during the continuance 34 Geo. 3. of the said act, it shall and may be lawful for any serjeant, drum-^i^oluiitC<* mer, or other person, serving his Majesty, being the reunto au- j.ee"s mav\>e thorised by his or their superior officer or officers, to beat up in beat up for, any city, town, or place, for volunteers, to serve as privates in to serve in any company to be added to the regiment or battalion of militia of any county or riding in pilrfuance of the said act, without incurring or being liable to any penalty or forfeiture for so doing; any thing in an act, made in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An dl for amending, and reducing into one act of parliament, the laws relating to the militia in that part s/'Great Britain called England, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted, That every volunteer who Volunteers to shall be inrolled and added as a private to the establishment of take the fol* any reigment or battalion of militia of any county or riding, in A s pursuance of the said act of this session of parliament, shall take the following oath

I A.B. do fncerely swear, That I will be faithful, and bear* true Oath*

allegiance, to his majesty King George; and I do swear that lam a protestant, and that I will faithfully serve in the militia within the kingdom of Great Britain, for the defence of the same, during the co?itinuance of the present war with France, or for any lesser time, until his Majesty shall order and direct my discharge.

Which oath shall and may be administered by the persons respect Who may ad* tively authorised and directed to administer the oaths appointed to miniiter it. be taken by persons chosen by ballot to serve in such militia, or by any justice of the peace for the county or riding where such volunteer shall have been inlisted.

CAP. XLVIII.

An act for granting to his Majesty the sum of two hundred thousand pounds, to be issued and paid to the governor and company of the bank of England, to be by them placed to the account of the commissioners for the reduction of the national debt.-[May 9, 1794.]

CAP. XLIX.

An act for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the consolidated fund; for applying a certain sum of money therein mentioned for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four; and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this feUion of parliament.--[May 9, 1794.]

2, 697, 000l. may be issued out of the consolidated fund; which may be raised by loan, or exchequer bills, on the credit of the said fund. Money lent on security of this act not to be rated to any tax. Tallies of loan to be struck, &c. Orders for repayment to be registered and paid in course.

No fee to betaken for registering, &c. on penalty of treble value and costs, and also lol's of place* For undue preference in registering, &c. liable to action. Not to be deemed undue preference which orders of the same date brought the same day, are entered first, so they are all entered;

Nnj'nor

540

Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 49. [1794.

nor if subsequent orders are paid before prior ones not brought for payment, if money be reserved to discharge them. Orders assignable. Treasury may order the ium hereby granted to be raised by exchequer bills, in the manner prescribed by the malt act of the present session; the provisions of which act (except such as charge the bills on the malt duties, and limit the rate of interest) to extend to this* Bills and interest, &c. to be discharged out of the consolidated fund. Bank may advance money on the credit of this act. 231, 8411.16s. lod. fur pi us of the consolidated fund, on April 5, 1794. Monies raised by the land tax, malt act, loans, 2, oooo, ooool. Further loans, 1, 500, 0001. annuities; lottery. 231, 841k 16s. lod. surplus of the consolidated fund, 011 April 5, 1794; 2, 697, 000k hereby granted out of the consolidated fund, shall be applied (with the residue of the sale of French prizes) to the uses hereafter expressed. 5, 525, 331k ns. 3d. naval services 1794* 701, 736k 3s* 8d. for land service of the ordnance

for 1794- 576k 19s. 5d. for land service of the ordnance prior to Dec. 31, 1783. 925k 4s. 3d. for land service of the ordnance in 1792. 611, 419l.

ns. 8d. for do. in 1793. 30, 350k 3s. 6d. for sea service of do. in 1793.

200, 000k granted to the king of Sardinia. 6, 436, 500k 9d. 2q. granted for land forces in 1794. 1, 492, 812k 12s. 2d. for 60, 244 effective men,

officers, Scc. in Great Britain, &c. 677, 682k 12s. 4d. for forces in the plantations, Gibraltar, and New South Wales. 50, 279k 13s. 4d. for difference between British and Irish establishments of regiments in the West Indies, Gibraltar and the fleet. 8, 323k 17s. 10s. 2q. for regiments in the East Indies. 219, 5001 for recruiting, contingencies, See. 210, 000k for levy money. See. for augmentation to the land forces. 97, 389k is. id. for general, ftass, and hospital officers. 39, 118k 16s. 7d. for supernumerary officers. 64, 790k 18s. 3d. to the paymaster general, secretary at war, &c. 146, 843k 10s. iod. for reduced officers of land forces and marines. 156k 9s. 2d. for reduced privates, See. of the horse guards. 3, 000k for officers late in the service of the States General. 55, 092k 10s. for reduced officers of the British American forces, and 4, 907k 10s. for allowances to them. 9, 931k 19s. 3d. for widows' pensions. 151, 742k 5s. iod. for Chelsea hospital. 687, 420k 14s. for militia and fencibles, and 160, ooool. for their contingencies, See. 93, 653k 3s. 9d. for cloathing the militia. 185, 667k 15s. 6d. for corps transferred from the Irish to the British establishment, and augmentations in 1793. 538, 8741^01* 18, 000 Hanoverians. 304, 309k to the Landgrave of Heffie Caffiel.* 102, 073k to the Landgrave of Heffie Darmstadt. 24, 067k to the Margrave of Baden. 300, 117k 16s. 6d. for fencible cavalry. 808, 805k 14s. 4d. for extraordinary expences of land forces for 1793. 2, 000, 000k for paying oft' exchequer bills made out under 33 Geo. 3. c. 17. 2, 000, 000k for paying off further exchequer bills

made out under 33 Geo. 3. c. ^8. 1, 500, 000k for paying off further exchequer bills made out under 33 Geo. 3. c. 32. 46, 619k 13s. 7d. issued

in pursuance of the addrefies of the house of commons. 6, 450k granted for the civil establishment of Upper Canada, from December 31, 1793, to December 31, 1794* 5, 315k for the like at Nova Scotia, from January 1,

1794, to January 1, 1795. 4, 400k for the like at New Brunswick in America, from June 24, 1794, to June 24, 1795. 1, 900l. for the like at

the island of Saint John in America, from January 1, 1794, to January 1,

1795. 1.800k for the like at the island of Cape Breton in America, from

June 24, 1794> to June 24, 1795- 1, 344k is. 6d. for the charge of salaries

of the governor and civil officers of the island of Newfoundland, from April r, 1794, to April 1, 1795. 4, 250k for the civil establishment of the Bahama ifsands, from January t, 1794, to January 1, 1795. 580k for the

1 alary of the chief j office of trie Bermuda or Somers islands, from June 24, 1794, to June 24, F79G 6ocl. for the fahry of the chief Suffice of the island of Dominica, from January 1, 1794, to January 1, 1795. 4, 795k

8s. 2d. for the civil establishment of New South Wales, from October 10, 7793, to October 10, 1794- 13, 000k for forts in Africa. 4, 5001. for

roads and bridges in the highlands of Scotland. 465k ns. iod. aq. issued to marquis of Salisbury lor rendering the house of peers more commodious. 27, 692k 4s. 6ck 2q on account of the French refugees. 3, 3761.8s. for works at the fleet prison. 9, 275k 6s. 9ci. for works at Somerset place.

i 4k J5S. 4d. issued on account of the co mini hioners for auditing publick

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 50. 541

lick accounts. 2, 1 iil. is. issued for discharge of debts contracted by Mr.

Tally, consul at Tripoli. 1, 084b 15s. issued to MefTrs. Marsh and Spranger, as a compensation for enquiring into Losses on the Musquito ffiore. 669l. 9s. 1 id. issued to Mr. Nugent, a<sting surveyor general of lands at Cape Breton. 1, 504b 10s. 6d. issued to the bishop of Qubec, See.

537b 12s. 6d. to the commissioners for enquiring into the laws of Jersey.

248b 18s. to Samuel Starbuck, junior. 19, 500b for the relief of American sufferers. 14, 585b 10s. 6d. issued for his Majesty's serviceabroad. 2, 043b issued to the commissioners of the land revenues. 211, 295b 6s. 8d. 2q. for part of orders for relief of American sufferers. made out pursuant to 28 Geo. 3. c. 40. 56, 796b 7s. 6s. for the like pursuant to 30 Geo. 3. c. 34.

10, 749b 3s. 8d. for the expences of the trial of Warren Hastings esq;

19, 820b 8s. iod. for provisions, &c, sent to New South Wales. 11, 393b 4s. 8d. to Duncan Campbell esq; for convicts on the River Thames.

13, 576b 17s. 8d. 2q. to James Bradley esq; for convids in Langston and Portsmouth harbours. 18, 844b 12s. 4d. for expences of the mint.

200, 000b towards the reduction of the national debt. 5, 000! to the Levant company. 15, 277b 9s. 7d. 3q. issued from the civil list between February 14, 1794, and the fifth of April following. 3, 000b to the board of agriculture. 475, 022b 13s. iod. 2q. for deficiency of grants in 1793. Supplies to be applied for the purposes before mentioned. Rules to be observed in the application of the sum granted for half pay. By 33 Geo. 3. c. 72. 156, 797b 18s. 4d. was appropriated to be paid to reduced officers for 1793. The overplus of which sum may be disposed of to officers maimed, &c. as his Majesty shall direct,

CAP. L.

An act for repealing so much of an act, made in the seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, as directs that no cambrick or lawn shall be imported from Ireland, until the importation of cambricks and French lawns into Ireland shall be prohibited by law; to allow the importation of cambricks and French lawns from the Austrian Netherlands, for a limited time; for making more effectual an act, made in the twenty fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for the more effectual prevention of smuggling in this kingdom; and for preventing the fraudulent relanding of tobacco shipped for exportation,  [May 9, 1794.]

WHEREAS by a certain clause contained in an act passed in

[Preamble.]

the seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, 7 Geo. 3. c. 43 An act to amend and enforce the acts of the eighteenth, twenty- clause 5, re-first, and thirty-second, years of the reign of his late majesty c*ted

King George the Second, for the more effectual preventing the fraudulent importation and wearing of cambricks and French lawns, it was enacted, That no cambrick or lawn whatsoever should be imported from the kingdom of Ireland into any part of Great Britain, until the importation of cambricks and French lawns into the kingdom of Ireland flooulcl be prohibited by latvy upon pain of forfeiting the said goods, and the further penal sum of five pounds, for every.piece of cambrick or lawn so imported: and whereas it is expedient that the said clause in the said recited aCi flould be repealed: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and com-pions, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority

N n 3 ot

542 and repealed

Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 50. [1794.

of the same. That the said clause in the said recited act shall be, and the same is hereby repealed.

II. And whereas it is expedient to allow the importation into Great Britain of cambricks and French lawns from the Austrian Netherlands, under the same rules, regulations, and refriSlions, as the importation of cambricks and French lawns was allowed by virtue of an act passed in the izventyseventh year of the reign of his present Mail Geo. 3. c. jessy^ intituled An act for repealing the several duties of customs 33, reci e, and excjpCj and granting other duties in lieu thereof, and for applying the said duties, together with the other duties composing the publick revenue; for permitting the importation of certain goods, wares, and merchandize, the produce or manufacture of the European dominions of the French king into this kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed monies remaining in the exchequer, for the payment of annuities on lives, to the reduction of the national debt: be it therefore enacted by the authority andcombncks aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any person or per-

fawns1 ma"^be ^ons to ^mPort ^ntQ any Port of Great Britain, from any port or from place within the Austrian Netherlands, any cambricks or French the Austrian lawns, on payment of such and the like duties as were due and Netherlands, payable on the like goods, as the same are respectively described he^uS$nin^an"^'et forth 'm die table marked (C), annexed to the said retable (C) an- cited aft, passed in the twenty-seventh year of his Majesty's reign; nexed to that and the exporters of any cambricks or French lawns, on which act, &c. the duties charged by this act shall have been paid, shall be en-

titled, on the due exportation thereof, to such drawbacks as are described and set forth to be allowed on the like goods, in the said table marked (C), annexed to the said recited act: provided but if not im- nevertheless, that nothing in this act shall extend, or be construed

ported in Bri- to extend, to permit or allow, during the time limited by this:

acr, the importation of any cambricks or French lawns, other

than in I?n7//7>- built ships or vessels, owned, navigated, and re-

giftered, according to law, being of the burthen of sixty tons or upwards, and other than in bales, cases, or boxes, covered with

sack cloth or canvas, each of which bales, cases, or boxes, shall

contain one hundred whole pieces, or two hundred demi or half

pieces, of cambricks or French lawns; and in case any cambricks

or French lawns shall be imported in any other way, form, or

manner, or in any less quantity, the same shall and are hereby

declared to be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any officer

r, ., or officers of his Majesty's customs.

ported HI. And it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That

portation and the importers or proprietors of any cambricks or French lawns, warehoused, which shall have been imported into Great Britain for exporta-be hereafter^ t'on* an<^ lodged according to lav/ in a warehouse belonging to imported, may ^1S Majesty, or which shall, after the pasting of this act, be law-be received fully so imported, shall, after the pasting of this act, be at liberty, into the cuf- to take and receive the same into their own custody and posses-im^orter^un ^lon'mPorters or proprietors first making a regular entry deicertain^e- of all such cambricks or French lawns with the proper officer of gulations. the customs, and paying such duty for the faine as cambricks and

French

tish-built ships, &c. to be forfeited.

543

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 50.

French lawns are by this act made subject and liable to; and the said duties of customs hereby imposed, and the drawbacks thereof hereby allowed, shall and may be respectively managed, ascertained, levied, collected, answered, paid, applied, recovered, and allowed, except where any alteration is expressly made by this act, in such and the like manner, and in and by any of the ways,

'means, or methods, by which the duties of customs, and the drawbacks thereof imposed and allowed on the like goods by the before-recited a ft, of the twenty-seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, were or might be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, applied, recovered, and allowed; and the said goods shall be, and the same are hereby made subject and liable to all and every the conditions, regulations, rules,restrictions, and forfeitures, to which the like goods were subject and liable to by any act or acts of parliament in force on and immediately before the passing of this act, except where any alteration is expressly made by this act; and all and every pain, penalty, fine, or forfeiture, for any offence whatever committed against or in breach of any act or acts of parliament in force on and immediately before the passing of this act, made for securing the revenue of customs or for the regulation or improvement thereof, and the several clauses, powers, and directions therein contained, (unless where expressly altered by this act), shall and are hereby directed and declared to extend to, and shall be respectively applied, practised, and put in execution, for and in respect of the several duties of customs, and drawbacks of duties of customs hereby charged and allowed, (as far as the same are applicable thereto), in as full and ample manner, to all intents and purposes whatever, as if all and every the said acts, clauses, provisions, powers, directions, fines, pains, penalties, and forfeitures, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the body of this act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That so much of this act as Continuance relates to the importation and exportation of cambricks and

French lawns from the Austrian Netherlands^ shall continue and 0 cambricks be in force until the first day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

V. And whereas, by an act made In the twenty-fourth year of the

reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the more effectual prevention of smuggling in this kingdom, it is -a

other things, enacted, cThaty from and, after the first day her one thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, if any officers of his Majesty's navy, or in the service of the customs or excise, being on shore, or going on board, or being on board, or returning from on boardy any ftipy boaty or vessel within the limits of any of the ports of this kingdom^ or within four leagues from the coasts thereof shall be hindered, opposed, obstructed, or assaulted, in the due execution of his or their office or duty, by any person or persons whatsoever, either in the day time or nighty all and every person or persons so hindering, opposing, obstructing, or assaulting, the said officer or officers, in the due execution

amongii

of Octo- Geo. 3*

J /. n a "I

officer

fess. a. c. 47.

of his or their duty, and all such as shall act in his or their aid or assistance, shall and may be carried land conveyed before one or more of his Majesty's justices of the peace, residing near to the place where such offence shall be committed, to be dealt within the manner directed by the said act: and whereas doubts have arisen upon the true meaning of certain parts of the said recited clause: be it further enacted by the authority a fore said, That if any officer or officers of his Majesty's navy, or in the service of the customs or excise, being on shore, or going on board, or Persons obit rutting officers of the navy, customs; or excise, in

being on board, or returning from on board, any ship, boat, or the exercise of vessel, within the limits of any of the ports of this kingdom, or their duty liable to punishment

within four leagues from the coasts thereof, or within the difiance herein after particularly specified, shall be hindered, opposed, obstructed, or assaulted, in the due execution of his or their office or duty, by any person or persons whatsoever, either in the day time or night; or if any person or persons, acting in the aid or assistance of such officer or officers, shall be so hindered, opposed, obstructed, or assaulted, all and every person or persons so hindering, opposing, obstructing, or assaulting, the said officer or officers in the due execution of his or their duty, or so hindering, opposing, obstructing, or assaulting, any other person or persons, adfing in the aid or assistance of such officer or officers; and also all and every person and persons aiding and assisting any such person or persons in the commission of any such offence, shall and may be carried and conveyed before one or more of his Majesty's justices of the peace residing near to the place where such offence shall be committed, and such justice or justices shall, if he or they fee cause, commit such person or persons to the next county gao)^ there to remain until the court of oyer and terminer, great session, or gaol delivery, or until such person shall be delivered by due course of law \ and in case an indictment shal] be'found against him or them, he or they shall plead thereto, without having time to travcrfe the same, as is usual in cases of misdemeanors; and being duly convicted thereof, shall, by order of the said court before whom such offender shall be convicted, be sentenced to hard labour on the river Thames, or other navigable river in that part of Great Britain called England, for any term not exceeding three years, according to the directions of an act passed in the nineteenth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act to explain and amend the laws relating to the transportation, imprisonment, and other punishment, of certain offenders, and as is by the said act directed for the punishment of persons convicted of grand larceny \ or such court may order such offender to be committed to the common gaol or house of correction for any term not exceeding three years.

VI. And whereas, by the said act passed in the twenty fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for the prevention of fnuggling in jhis kingdom, it is also enabled. That all vessels, belonging in the whole or in part to any of his Majesty's subjects, called cutters, luggers.) Jkallops, or wherries, (of what built joever), and all vessels belonging as aforesaid, of any other description, whoso

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 50. 545

bottoms are clench work, unless they shall be square rigged, or fitted as Jiloops, with (landing bowsprits; and all vessels belonging as aforesaid, the length of which shall be greater than in the proportion of three feet and an half to one foot in breadth; and all J, hips or vessels belonging as aforesaid, armed for reffiance, (other-wife than is therein-after excepted), which. JJjall be found within the limits or difiance therein described, shall be forfeited, together with all the goods [if any) which shall be laden thereon, and all their guns, tackle, and furniture: and it was by the said act provided, That nothing therein contained should extend, or be confirned to extend, to prevent any flnp or vessel. from having on board two carriage guns of the calibre not exceeding four pounds, and finall arms not exceeding two muskets for every ten men: be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That so much of the said recited pro- Clause 5, of viso as extends to permit any cutter, lugger, shallop, wherry, 24 Geo. 3. c* smack, yawl, or boat, herein after mentioned, to have arms on extends0* board, shall, from and after the first day of July one thousand cutters, &c. seven hundred and ninety-four, be and the same is hereby re-repealed from pealed. Ju]y794-

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, From July t, from and after the first: day of July one thousand seven hundred ^794^certain and ninety-four, every cutter, lugger, shallop, wherry, smack, fors^e(j0 J or yawl, belonging in the whole or in part to any of his Majesty's found within subjects, of which the bottom is clench work, unless such cutter, certain dif-lugger, shallop, wherry, smack, or yawl, shall be square rigged, tances*

or fitted with a {landing bowsprit, the heel of which shall be fixed to the main deck by an iron clasp, such clasp to be without bitts, securely bolted through the bowsprit and beam of the said deck, and the said bowsprit to be {leaved or elevated at least two inches in every foot from the straight line of the range of the deck, and rigged with a fixed flay for the jibb to work upon, which flay shall be not less than a two inch rope for a vessel of twenty tons, and shall increase in lize not less than half an inch for every other ten tons, and the said bowsprit to be without any traveller, or other materials, to conduct the jibb out and in upon the said bowsprit, and without any flying jibb set thereon, in any manner whatever, which shall be found or discovered to have been within the limits of any of the ports of this kingdom, or within the distance of four leagues from the coast thereof, or within the distance herein after particularly specified, shall be forfeited, together with all the goods laden thereon, and all her guns, tackle, and furniture.

VIII. And whereas, by the laius nowin force, vessels found at anchor, or hovering, within the limits of any of the ports of this kingdom, or within four leagues of the coast thereof or which shall be discovered to have been within the said limits or dfiance, are, under certain circumstances, subject to forfeiture: and whereas it is expedient, for the better prevention of the clandestine importation and run-tjing of prohibited goods, and goods liable to duties, to extend the pro-vfions of such laws in the manner herein after expressed: be it there-fore further enabled by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after having on

546

board liquors. See. in illegal quantities* See and found ho Tiering within certain limits, to; be forfeited:

affo open boats of cer-Sain, dei'erip-

310 ii.

after the first day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, if any ship or veiie!, having on board any brandy or other

spirituous liquors, in any vessel or calk which shall not contain sixty gallons at the least (except only for the use of the seamen

then belonging to and on board such flxip or vessel, not exceeding; two gallons for each seaman), or having on board any wine in

calks, (provided such ship or veil'd having wine on board shall not exceed sixty tons burthen), or having on board six pounds weight of tea, or twenty pounds weight of coffee, or having on board any tobacco or snuff, which, taken together or Separately* shall exceed one hundred pounds weight, or having on board any goods whatsoever liable to forfeiture by any act off parliament upon being imported into Great Britain, shall be found at anchor, or hovering, or shall be discovered to have been within the limits or distance herein after particularly mentioned, described, and set forth; (that is to say). Within a supposed straight line from JValney I ft and, in the county of Lancaster, to Great Qrmf-heady in the county of Denbigh; within a supposed straight line from Burdfey If and, in the county of Carnarvon, to Strwnble Head, in the county of Pembroke; within a supposed straight line from The Linardy in the county of Cornwall, to The Pratt, in the county of Devon; within a supposed straight line from The Pralf in the county of Devon, to The Bill of Portland\ in the county of Dor jet; within a supposed straight line from Cromer, in the county of Norfolk, to The Spurn Plead, in the county of York; within a supposed straight line from Flamborough Head, in the county of York, to The Staples, in the county of Northumberland $ within a supposed straight line from The Mull of Galloway y in Scotland., to the point of Yyre, in The Isle of Man; such ship or vessel not proceeding on her voyage, (wind and.weather permitting), unless in case of unavoidable necessity and distress of weather, (of which, necessity and distress the mailer, or other person having or taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel, shall give notice and make proof before the collector, or other chief officer of the customs, of any port within the limits of which such ship or vessel {brail be found, immediately after the arrival of such ship or vessel within the limits of such port); then not only all such goods, but also the ship or vessel on board which they shall be found as aforesaid, with all her guns, furniture, ammunition* tackle, and apparel, shall be forfeited.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That* from and after the first day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, in case any open boat which shall be built for rowing or failing, or for rowing and failing, belonging in, the whole or in part to any of his Majesty's subjects, and being of the length of fourteen feet, and under the length of eighteen feet* to be measured by a straight line from the fore part of the stem, to the act side of the transum or stern poll: aloft, and the depth of which shall be greater than in the proportion of one inch and one quarter of an inch to every foot in length, such depth to be taken hom the upper part of the plank next the keel3 to the top of the

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 50. 547.

upper strake, whether such upper strake shall be fixed to the boat, or shall be used as a loose or shifting wafji strake, shall be found either upon the water within any port of the kingdom of Great Britain, or member or creek thereof, or within four leagues of the coast of Great Britain, or within the distance herein particularly described, or in any place upon land in Great Britain, such open boat shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of the customs or excise, unless such boat shall have plank of three quarters of an inch thick, and her timbers one inch and an half square, and not more than nine inches distant from timber to timber; and if any such boat by this act de-dared to be forfeited shall be found on board, or shall belong to they shall beany cutter, lugger, shallop, wherry, smack, or yawl, such cut- long, ter, lugger, shallop, wherry, smack, or yawl shall also be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of the customs or excise.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to subject to forfeiture any boat commonly wiac

called A Wbale Boat, belonging to any ship or vessel, employed

in the fisheries carried on to the Greenland Seas or Davis's Streigbtsy or in any fishery to the southward thereof, which shall not be employed or made use of in any way whatever but in the said fisheries, and which, after the return of the said ship or vessel to any port of this kingdom, shall be laid up out of use, according to the laws now in force for the regulation of the said fisheries.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, From July* from and after the first day of July one thousand seven hundred &c94f0underS* and ninety-four, if any cutter, lugger, shallop, wherry, smack, within certain yaw], or boat, belonging in the whole or in part to any of his limits, having Majesty's subjects, shall be found or discovered to have been on board arnis within the limits of any of the ports of this kingdom, or within tion without

"the distance of four leagues from the coast thereof, or within the licence, to be distance herein particularly described, having on board any arms forfeited, or ammunition whatever, except by licence from the lord high admiral or the commissioners of the admiralty for the time being, as herein after mentioned, every such cutter, lugger, shallop, wherry, smack, yawl, or boat, shall be forfeited, together with all the goods, (if any), which shall be laden thereon, and all her guns, tackle, and furniture, and the same shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of the customs or excise: provided always, That this act shall not extend, or be construed to extend, Exception* to any ship or vessel on a voyage from any part of America, or the East or West Indies, or Africa, or the Mediterranean, lb as to subject the same to forfeiture for having spirits, tea, coffee, or tobacco or snuff, on board; nor to forfeit any cutter, lugger, shallop, wherry, smack, yawl, or boat, belonging to or employed in the service of his Majesty's navy, victualling office, ordnance, customs, excise, or post office; nor to any such vessel as aforesaid, or lighter which shall be used solely on any rivers, canals, or inland navigations; nor to any cutter, lugger, shallop, wherry,

smack.

54-8 Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 50. [1794.

smack, yaw!, or boat whatever, the owner of which shall have a licence from the lord high admiral of Great Britain* or the com- 1 missioners of the admiralty for the time being, or any person authorised by them to grant the same, such licence being obtained and entered agreeably to the said recited act of the twenty-fourth year of his present Majesty, and being actually on board such cutter, lugger, shallop, wherry, smack, yawl, or boat, at the time of her being detained or examined by any officer or officers of the customs or excise, and produced to him or them, on demand, during such detention or examination; nor to subject to forfeiture any ship or vessel for having arms or ammunition on board which shall have been regularly entered and cleared at any ctiftom house in any of his Majesty's dominions, as merchandize or for the use of his Majesty's (lores or garrisons, and which shall be regularly (lowed in the hold of such ship or vessel; nor to forfeit any cutter, lugger, shallop, wherry, lmack, yawl, or boat, which shall bona fide be wholly and iolely employed in the cod, herring, mackerel, or other fisheries, carried on from Great Bri-tainy and shall have on board a sufficient quantity of hooks and lines, or nets, for properly carrying on the said fisheries respectively, and shall clear out at some port in Great Britain for such fisheries respectively.

Forfeitures

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That covered, any cutter, lugger, shallop, wherry, smack, yawl, boat, or goods, according to forfeited and seized by virtue or under the authority of this act* recited act of shall and maybe prosecuted, and the forfeitures thereupon re-34 Geo. > covered and applied, in like manner as any other vessels are or

may be prosecuted, and the forfeitures thereupon recovered and

applied, by virtue of the said recited act of the twenty-fourth year of his present Majesty.

XIII. And whereas by an act, made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for repealing the duties on tobacco and snuff, and for granting new duties in lieu 29 Geo. 3. c. thereof, it is amongf other things enacted, That no tobacco,

8, recited; ftther manufactured^ or unmanufactured, after the same shall have been shipped for exportation in or on board any ship or vessel in pursuance and according to the directions of the said act, shall be unshipped for any purpose whatever, or fall be relanded in this kingdom (unless in case of necessty or dislrefs, to

save the ftnp and goods from perishing) under certain forfeitures in the said a Cl mentioned-y which provison hath been found insufficient to prevent the fraudulent relanding of such tobacco: snd from july'be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and 2, j 794' per- after the first: day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-Sng, l&c to- four, all and every person or persons who shall unship or re-land, hacco shipped or cause or procure to be unshipped or re-landed, any such.to-for exporta- bacco, contrary to the true intent and meaning of the said recited 11netotofbr^ or w affixing or otherwise concerned in such un-

tt-i-V treble the shipping or relanding the same, or to whose hands the same shall value, &c. knowingly come after such unshipping or relanding thereof, over and above all other penalties and forfeitures, shall forfeit treble

the

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 51; 549

the value of such tobacco, to be estimated at the best and highest price which tobacco of the best quality shall fell for in London at the time when such forfeiture shall be incurred; and if any proprietor, consignor* or consignee^ of such tobacco^ or the maftef, or any other person belonging to or on board any such ship or vessel, in or on board which any such tobacco shall have been so shipped for exportation, shall aftift in or connive at such unship-ping or relanding any such tobacco, every such proprietor, con-iignor, or consignee, master, or other person, (over and above all other penalties and forfeitures), shall, for every such offence* forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds.

CAP. LI.

An act for granting to his Majesty certain duties of customs, on fate, fone, and marble.

[May 9, 1794.]

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the

[Preamble.]

commons of Great Britain in parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary supplies to defray your Majesty's publick expences, and making such permanent addition to the publick revenue, as shall be adequate to the increased charge occasioned by any loan to be raised, or stock to be created, by virtue of any act or acts for that purpose, passed or to be passed in this section of parliament, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty, the several custom duties herein mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most: excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth From July^day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, there f9^9 shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto and for the use to^paid of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, the duties of customs For British herein mentioned; that is to say; On all slate and stone of the slate and stone p-roduftion of Great Britain, (except as herein after is provided), co^-

which shall be brought coastwise by sea, from any port or place cen^ of the* within the kingdom of Great Britain, to any other port, or to value, any place within the limits of any other port within the said kingdom, a duty of twenty pounds for every one hundred pounds, of the true and real value thereof; which duty shall be paid by the proprietor or proprietors, or consignee or consignees, in ready money, to the collector of his Majesty's customs at the port or place where such goods shall be intended to be landed, and before the same, or any part thereof, shall be unshipped.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, Present duties from and after the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred oa Hate and and ninety-four, the duties of customs now payable on fiate and j^one^t stone, (being of the production of the jft ands of Guernsey, Jersey, &c.\o ceale, Alderney, Sari? and Man, or either of them), shall cease, deter- and aol. per

mine, cent. of the

550 Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 51. [1794.

value to be mine, and be no longer paid or payable* and that indead and in paid on its im-j{eu thereof, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, Great BritSn> unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, on all slate and stone, of the production of the said islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, or either of them, which shall be imported or brought into the kingdom of Great Britain, from and after the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, a duty of customs of twenty pounds for every one hundred pounds of the true and real value thereof; which duty shall be paid in ready money to the collector of his Majesty's customs, at the port where the same shall be so imported, although such (late or stone may be accompanied with a certificate or other document, ascertaining that such goods are of the production of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man respectively; any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding,

Value to be

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That ascertainedac- the value of (late or stone according to which the duties by this ^ Geo to c a<^ imPfed are to be raised, levied, collected, and paid, shall be'3* # ascertained according to the true and real value and price thereof, on shipboard, at the port and place where the same shall be brought for the purpose of being landed, by the declaration of the importer, proprietor, or consignee, in such manner and form, and under all or any or either of such rules, regulations, and restrictions, (so far as the same are applicable and can be. put in execution), as are directed to be observed in cases of goods subject to duty according to the value thereof, by an act passed in the twenty-seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for repealing the several duties of customs and excisey and granting other duties in lieu thereof, and for applying the said duties, together with the other duties composing the publick revenue; for per-missing the importation of certain goods, wares, and merchandizey the produce or manufacture of the European dominions of the French king, into this kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed monies remaining in the exchequery for the payment of annuities on livesy to the reduction of the national debt; and all the powers and authorities contained in the said act, so far as they relate to goods sub-je6b to duty according to the value thereof, shall be extended and applied to the goods, for or in respect whereof a duty is imposed by this act, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes whatever, as if the same were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the body of this present act.

Duties to be

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That under the ma-t^e pa*Icj duties shall be under the management of the commit--the comm if- hners of his Majesty's customs in England and Scotland respectiioners of cuf- tively, and the same shall be raised, levied, collected, paid, and toms. recovered, in such and the like manner, and by such and the like

ways, means, methods, regulations, penalties, and forfeitures, (so far as the same are applicable and can be put in execution), as any duties of customs on goods imported, or on goods brought coastwise, may now by law be raised, levied, collected, paid, and recovered, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 551

if the several clauses, provisions, powers, and authorities, relating thereto were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the body of this present act.

Vo And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Slate or stone If any Hate or (tone, on which duties are respectively imposed by unshipped be-this act, shall be unshipped out of any ship or vessel in which the fore entry, same shall be brought into any port of Great Britain, before a e or " regular entry-shall be made thereof, and the duties hereby imposed shall be paid according to the directions of this act, or if the said goods shall be landed without the presence of the proper officer of the customs, the same shall be forfeited and lost, and shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of the customs, and one moiety thereof, after condemnation of the same, shall be to the use of his Majesty, his heirs or successors, and the other moiety to the officer or officers who shall sue or prosecute for the same.

VI. Provided always, That nothing in this act shall extend, or be Certain goods construed to extend, to charge with the duties imposed by this act not chargeable the following goods being of the production of Great Britain; ^rtain^coudi videlicet, any marble, lime, stone, or iron stone whatever, or any tions. stone cut or manufactured into mill stones, grind (tones, or whet stones, or either of them, or any stone manufactured or converted into posts and caps for coniftacks or mowsteads, troughs, gate polls, or other articles used for the purposes of husbandry, or any growan stone, or stone commonly called or known by the name of China Stone, or any other stone to be used in the manufacture of porcelain or of pottery, provided the same shall be accompanied with the usual coast dispatches, as in case of goods carried coastwise free of duty, and that the proprietor or proprietors, or consignee or consignees thereof, shall, previous to the same being unshipped or landed from on board the ship or vessel in which the same shall have been brought coastwise, make, with the proper officer of the customs at the port or place where the same shall be brought coastwise, a regular entry of such goods, and shall make oath thereon before the said officer, who is hereby authorised and required to administer the same, that such goods are intended for the purposes above-mentioned and no other; and if such China Penalty for ap-Stone, or any other stone, to be used in the manufacture of porcelain or of pottery, shall afterwards be applied to other uses or p0rce]ain, see* purposes, the same shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized to other uses. by any officer or officers of the customs, and the owner or proprietor thereof shall forfeit for every ton weight thereof the sum of twenty shillings, one moiety of which shall be to the use of the person who shall give information thereof, and the other moi- British slate ety to the officer who shall sue for the same; provided also that ^or Vto^ this act shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to charge exported, not with the duties imposed by this act, any slate of the production chargeable o( Great Britain, which shall be brought into any port of this with duty, on-kingdom for the sole purpose of being exported from such port to certain con-parts beyond the seas; provided the proprietor or proprietors, or ai 10nb* consignee or consignees thereof, shall, previous to the same being

552

Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 51. [1794.

Penalty for tiling such slate in Great Britain without paying duty, <Scc.

Value of slate or stone exempted from duty to be ascertained as that liable to duty.

Act not to require masters of vessels carrying slate or stone co.ift-wife or ship-pers to give bond, or take out other document than what was required before piffling it.

Duties to be paid into the exchequer and carried to the consolidated fund.

unshipped or landed from on board the ship or vessel in which the same shall have been brought coastwise, make, with the proper officer of the customs, at the port or place where the same shall be brought coastwise, a regular entry of such goods, and shall make oath thereon before the said officer, who is hereby authorised and required to administer the same, that such (late is really and bona fide intended to be so exported to parts beyond the seas; and if such date shall afterwards be used in this kingdom, the owner or proprietor thereof, not having first paid the duty for the same as imposed by this act on date brought coastwise, such date shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of the customs, and the owner or proprietor thereof shall forfeit for every ton weight thereof the sum of twenty shillings, one moiety of which shall be to the use of the person who shall give information thereof, and the other moiety to the officer who shall sue for the same; or any date, the value of which ("as it is on fnipboard at the port or place where the same shall be intended to be landed) shall not exceed the sum of twenty shillings the ton; or any stone, the value of which as^ aforesaid shall not exceed the sum of six shillings the ton: provided nevertheless that the same shall be accompanied with the usual coast dispatches, as in case of goods carried coastwise free of duty, and shall be regularly entered and landed.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the value of the date or stone so exempted from duty as aforesaid, shall be ascertained by the declaration of the proprietor or consignee in such and the like manner, and that such goods shall be subject to such and the like rules, regulations, and restrictions, penalties, and forfeitures, (except as to the payment of duty), and the officers of the customs inverted with such and the like powers and authorities as to such goods as are directed to be observed, and practised, and applied, with regard to (late and stone on which a duty is by this act imposed.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That nothing in this act shall extend, or be construed to extend, to require the master of any vessel, in or on board of which any slate or stone shall be shipped, to be carried coastwise by sea from any port or place within this kingdom, to any other port or place within the same, or the owners or (hippers of any such slate or stone to give any bond for the due landing thereof, or to take out any coquet or other document on account thereof, except such sufferance, warrant, permit, or transire, as was required by law for the shipping or carrying coastwise of the like goods at and immediately before the passing of this act; any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all the monies from time to time arising by the several duties by this act imposed as aforesaid, (the necessary charges of raising and accounting for the same respectively excepted), shall, from and after the passing of this act, from time to time, be paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer at Westminster \ and the said money, so paid into the exchequer,

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 52.

chequer as aforesaid, shall be carried to and made part of the consolidated fund,

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the and to be

monies arising or to arise of the several rates or duties hereby

granted, or so much thereof as shall be sufficient, shall be deemed the revenue an addition made to the revenue for the purpose of defraying the for defraying increased charge occasioned by any loan made, or stock created increased or to be created by virtue of any act or acts passed or to be passed this1

in this session of parliament; and that the said monies shall, during session, &c. the space of ten years next ensuing, be paid into the said receipt distinctly and apart from all other branches of the publick revenues; and that there shall be provided and kept in the office of the aduitor of the said receipt, during the said period of ten years, a book or books in which all the monies arising from the said rates and duties, and paid into the said receipt, shall, together with the monies arising from any other rates and duties granted in this session of parliament for the purpose of defraying such en- creased charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, upon any account whatever.

XI. And whereas Jlanding contracts ?nay have been made before the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, by the importers or proprietors of fate or stone, for or in respeCi whereof a duty is by this act imposed, for serving persons zuith such fate and

stone, or either of those ar'ticles^ reffectively to be delivered in point of time after the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four \ be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, Duties maybe from and after the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred ad.^ecit(? and ninety-four, the importers or proprietors of such Hate and nd same 3^stone for or in respect whereof a duty is by this act imposed, or contracted for either of those articles respectively, which shall be delivered after prior to and the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, n.ot delivered in pursuance of such contracts, shall be allowed to add the duties tl*ter hereby charged upon such Hate and stone, or either of those articles respectively, and shall be entitled by virtue of this act to be paid the same accordingly.

CAP. LII.

An act for paving, and otherwise improving, the town of Tiverton, in the county of Devon.

[April 4, 1794.]

Commissioners names. First meeting of commissioners to be on the fourteenth of May, 1794 Publick notice of meetings to be given. Commissioners to1 meet themonday aftei Candlemas-day annually, to settle accounts. A chairman to be appointed, who shall have the calling vote. Commissioners to appoint officers. Officers to account. Power to purchase and take down houses, See. Persons interested in houses, &c. impowered to fell. Upon refusal to treat, damages to be settled by a jury at the quarter sessions for the county. On payment of purchase money, premises to be conveyed. For taking and removing the pound. Commissioners to take down houses, and lay the feites into the streets. Commissioners may fell land not wanted for the purposes of this act. Tenants at rack rent/ and occupiers of any premiles, purchased by the of, to give up poffidfion thereof on six months notice. Commissioners to pave the streets, VOL. XXXIX. Oo*&c.

Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 53. [1794.

[Publick act.]

Sec. Surveyors may dig and take materials in any wade, Sec. and out of private grounds, making satisfaction for the same; and in case of difference, damages to he settled at the quarter sessions. Surveyors not to carry away materials out of private grounds without giving notice to the occupier. Commissioners may contract for paving, See. Forty shillings penalty on persons damaging the works, &c. A rate of six-pence in the pound to be laid on houses, Sec. Occupiers who are tenants at rack rent to be allowed rates by their landlord. Commissioners may erect gates within one mile of the town, and take the following tolls: For a coach, See. and fix horses, six-pence. For a coach and four hOrfes, four-pence halfpenny. For a coach and two horses, three-pence. For a chaise drawn by one horse, one penny halfpenny. For a waggon, See. with five or more horses, six-pence. For a waggon with four horses, four-pence halfpenny. For a cart with two or three horses, three pence. For a cart with one horse, one-penny halfpenny. For every horse, See. laden or unladen, one halfpenny. For oxen, cows, See. five-pence per score. For calyes, sheep, Sec. twopence halfpenny per score. Tolls payable but once a day. Exemptions from tolls. Tolls may be lessened. Twenty shillings penalty on evading tolls. Power to let tolls. Commissioners may borrow six thousand pounds on rates and tolls. Materials, &c. vested in the of Commissioners to have the direction of the town lake. To remove ob-ftmetions, Sec. Tenants paying expeaces of removing obstructions, may deduct the same out of their rent. Five pounds penalty for nuisances in the streets. Ten shillings penalty for leaving carriages in the streets. Sec. but not to affcdt holding fairs or markets. Actions to be brought in the name of the clerk. Proceedings of of to be entered in a book. Recovery of penalties. Appeal. Limitation of actions. General issue. Treble costs. Saving the rights of the corporation and lords of the manor of Tiverton.

CAP. LIII.

An act for making and maintaining a navigable canal, from and out of the canal of sir John Ramsden, baronet, at or near the town of Huddersfield, in the west riding of the county of York, to join and communicate with the canal navigation from Manchester to or near Ashton under Line and Oldham, at or near the town of Alhton under Line aforesaid, in the county palatine of Lancaster.

[April 4, 1794.]

Proprietors names. Incorporated by the name of "The Huddersfield Canal Company.'* The canal to be called "The Huddersfield Canal." Power to make rollers or inclined planes. Sec. Houses and gardens pot to be injured, except such as are mentioned. Plan and book of reference to be authenticated by the speaker of the House of Commons. Power to deviate one hundred yards from the line laid down in the plan.' Land owners omitted in the book of reference not to obltnidt making the canal. Reservoirs to be made to contain 20, 000 locks of water. Company not to take any water from the rivers near the line of the canal, except in times of flood. For ascertaining the quantity of water necessary for the use of mills. Company to appoint four agents to regulate the taking water, Sec. Justices at the sessions may remove agents for neglect of duty, &c. and appoint otfiers. Company to repair damage done to the channels and works made for the preservation of the mill waters. Persons interested in the waters, liable to be affected by the canal, to have access to the works. Directing what shall be done, in case the water in Brun Clough and Red Brook Valleys shall be diminished by making the tunnel. Power for company to remove wiers, Sec. How the water shall be conveyed from the reservoirs into the canal. Canal to be made northerly of French's mill. Company to lay a trunk under the canal in Mr. Savile's estate, at Golcar. Company to make a lock at the jundtion of this canal with sir John Ramsdens canal. This act not to aftedt the rights granted to sir John Ramsden by an act 14 Geo. 3.0. 13. No rates to be paid to sir John Ramsden for goods navigated from this canal to his navigation warehouses. Power for tue company to maintain navigable that part of sir John Ramsden's canal,

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. S3*

lying between this canal and his navigation warehouses, in case sir John Ramlcien neglects so to do. Boats from this canal not to be navigated further down sir John Ramsden's canal tlnn Red Doles Lock, without his consent. For securing to sir John Ramlden a compensation for any damage occasioned to his income by the decrease of the warehousing and wharfage of goods in his warehouses or on his wharfs. Breadth of canal and towing paths to be thirty yards. Where roads are injured others to be made. No buildings to be erected on the towing paths, except for the navigation. Bodies politick, &c. impowered to sell and convey lands. Lands separated into small parcels may be exchanged or fold. Pieces of land cut off, being Ids than half an acre, or less than twenty yards in breadth, shall be purchased by the company, if required. Compelling the company to purchase pieces of land separated by the canal, or to make a communication by bridges. For preserving copyhold rights. Satisfaction to be made for lands, &c. If parties cannot agree, price to be settled by of or a jury. Yearly rents charged on the rates. Commissioners for settling differences. Notice to be given of meeting of of On application of the company or land owners of to meet. Commissioners to meet at Huddersfield, Marfden, Saddlesworth, or Alhton under Line, or within one mile of the canal. Proceedings of of to be entered in a book, and a clerk appointed. Expences of of and juries. Notice of injury to be given to the company before complaint to the commissioners. Verdict of value of lands and damages to be ascertained separately. Persons guilty of perjury may be prosecuted. Verdicts to be recorded, and lands vested in the company. Purchase' money belonging to corporations to be laid out to the same uses. Commissioners to settle proportion of the money to be paid to the several persons interested. Compensation to be paid for tythes. For paying off mortgages on lands used for navigation. Satisfaction to be made by annual rent where the title is doubtful. Mines, See. reserved to lords of manors and land owners. Mines, &c. not to be worked to prejudice the navigation. Company's agents to enter mines to view the works. Proprietors may raise one hundred and eighty four thousand pounds, to be divided into one thousand eight hundred and forty shares, of one hundred pounds each, and shares to be numbered and deemed personal estates. Names of proprietors to be entered in a book, and tickets of their shares delivered to them. Subscribers to have a vote for every ffiare, and no person more than five votes nor five proxies. Proprietors may raise by mortgage ninety thousand pounds more, if necessary.' interest of money borrowed, to he paid in preference to the dividends, or may be fixed for at law. Mortgagees not to vote. First general assembly to be on the twenty-sixth of June, 1794, and a committee to be elected. General assemblies for choosing committees to consist of two hundred shares. Affiemblies of proprietors may be specially convened on twenty one days notice. Officers to be appointed. Powers of the committee for making calls. Subscribers to have notice before their shares are forfeited. Committee to be under the controul of general assemblies. Books of accounts to be kept. On the death of subscribers before shares completed, executors may complete the same. Shares may be disposed of Rates of tonnage. For every ton of dung, gravel, &c. which shall not pass through any lock, one halfpenny per mile; but passing through a lock, three halfpence per mile. For every ton of stone, lime, coal, &c. which shall not pass through any lock, one penny per mile; but passing through any lock, two-pence per mile. For every ton of timber, goods, merchandize, &c. three-pence per mile. And for every ton of stone, lime, coals, timber, merchandize, &c. which shall pass through the tunnel, to be made on the summit level of the canal, over and above the rates aforesaid, one Dulling and six-pence. Canal to be measured, and stones set up. Recovery of rates. Rates may be altered. Payment of wharfage, three-pence per ton for ten days, and one halfpenny a day after. Company empowered to lease the rates. Masters of boats to give an account in writing of particulars of lading. Forty cuffic feet of oak, afh, elm, or beech timber, or fifty cubic feet of fir, or deal, poplar, or other wood, shall be deemed as one ton weight, and one hundred and twenty pounds avoirdupois, to be deemed one hundredweight. If any

556 Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 54. [1794.

[Publick act.]

[Treble costs.]

[General issue.]

difference concerning weights, collectors may weigh or measure boats, &c. Navigation to be free upon payment of rates. Vessels under fifteen or ten tons, not to pass locks without consent of the company. Regulations of vessels passing locks. Lock keepers, &c. giving any preference, to forfeit forty shillings. Mailers to put their names on the out side of their boats. Weight of the lading of vessels to be marked, and vessels to be gauged. Matters or owners of boats answerable for damages. Works damaged by floods to be repaired by the company. Drains to be made to convey water from the land adjoining the canal, and watering places for cattle. For fencing off t<nving paths, and making bridges, &c. The company liable to be indicted at common law, for not making Hone or brick bridges over the canal, or not repairing them, and to pay costs. Justices at sessions to determine what bridges shall be made. Swivel and draw bridges to be (hut and fattened after vessels shall have patted through them, on penalty of not more than five pounds nor less than forty shillings. In case the company do not fence off the towing paths and make bridges, land owners may do it at the company's expence. Lords of manors and land owners may erect wharehouses, &c. on their lands, and if not done within twelve months after notice, the company may build. Three-pence per ton for ten days, and one halfpenny a day after to be paid for wharfage on private wharfs. Company of proprietors or other persons not to use exclusively private wharfs. Owners of mines may make railways for conveying coals, &c. to the canal. Cuts may be made to communicate with the canal. Company of proprietors or committee to regulate the navigation. Persons overloading and obstructing the navigation, or opening locks, &c. to forfeit not more than five pounds, nor less than forty shillings. Canal not to be under the power of commissioners of sewers, and how to be rated. Rights of fishery reserved. Land owners may use pleasure boats. To compel payment of subscriptions. Majority of proprietors may make future applications to parliament for power to open other communications with the canal. For indemnifying the navigations of the Aire and Calder, the Calder and Hebble, and sir John Ramsden's canal. Recovery of forfeitures. Persons aggrieved by irregularity in distress to recover special damages. Damages not provided for to be settled by of Proceedings not to be quashed for want of form. Appeal. Limitation of actions.

---

CAP. LIV.

An act to unpower his Majesty to secure and detain such persons as his Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against his person and government.

[May 23, 1794.]

[Preamble.]

Whereas a traitorous and detestable conspiracy has been formed for subverting the existing laws and constitution, and for introducing the system of anarchy and confusion which has so totally prevailed in France: therefore, for the better preservation of his Majesty's sacred person, and for securing the peace and the laws and liberties of this kingdom; be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same,

[Persons imprisoned for high treason, &c. may be detained till Feb. 1, 1795, &c.]

That every person or persons that are or shall be in prison within the kingdom of Great Britain at or upon the day on which this act shall receive his Majesty's royal assent, or after, by warrant of his said Majesty's most honourable privy council, signed by six of the said privy council, for high treason, suspicion of high treason, or treasonable practices, or by warrant, signed by any of his Majesty's secretaries

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 55. 557

of state, for such causes as aforesaid, may be detained in safe custody, without bail or mainprize, until the first day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five; and that no judge or justice of the peace shall bail or try any such person or persons so committed, without order from his said Majesty's privy council, signed by six of the said privy council, till the said first day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five; any law or statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

[Act in Scotland of 1701, for preventing wrongous imprisonment, so far as may relate to treason, &c. suspended till Feb. 1, 1795, &c.]

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the act made in Scotland in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and one, (intituled An act for preventing wrongous imprisonment, and against undue delays in trials), in so far as the same may be construed to relate to cases of treason and suspicion of treason, be suspended until the said first day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five; and that until the said day no judge, justice of peace, or other officer of the law in Scotland, shall liberate, try, or admit to bail, any person or persons that is, are, or shall be, in prison within Scotland, for such causes as aforesaid, without order from his said Majesty's privy council, signed by six of the said privy council; provided always, That, from and after the said first day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, the said persons so committed shall have the benefit and advantage of all laws and statutes any way relating to or providing for the liberty of the subjects of this realm, and that this present act shall continue until the said first day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, and no longer.

[Privileges of parliament not invalidated by this act.]

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this act shall be construed to extend to invalidate the ancient rights and privileges of Parliament, or to the imprisonment or detaining of any member of either house of Parliament during the sitting of such Parliament, until the matter of which he stands suspected be first communicated to the house of which he is a member, and the consent of said house obtained for his commitment or detaining.

CAP. LV.

An act for saving to his Majesty the duty of new subsidy on tobacco, imported into that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

[May 23, 1794.]

[Preamble. 1 Geo. 3. c. 1.]

WHEREAS by an act, made and passed in the first year of his Majesty's reign, (intituled An act for the support of his Majesty's household, and of the honour and dignity of the crown of Great Britain), the hereditary revenues of the crown, and other revenues granted to his late majesty King George the Second, for defraying the expences of his Majesty's civil government, were made part of the aggregate fund, and a certain revenue granted out of the said fund to his Majesty during his life; but by the said act it is provided and enacted, That the several and respective duties and revenues which were payable to his late majesty King George the Second, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for and during his life,

558 Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 56. [1794.

shall continued, raised, levied, and paid, during the life of his present Majesty, in the same manner only, subject to the same or the like charges thereon, as the same were liable or Subject to during his said late Majesty's life:

[29 Geo. 3. c. 68.]

and whereas by another act, made and passed in the twenty-ninth year of his Majesty's reign, (intituled An act for repealing the duties on tobacco and snuff, and for granting new duties in lieu thereof), it was enacted, That, from and after the tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, the duties upon tobacco imported into Great Britain, imposed by the act therein recited, and the drawbacks thereby allowed upon exportation thereof from Great Britain, together with the duties by the said recited act imposed upon snuff so imported, should cease and determine;

---

and that, from and after the said day, in lieu and injhad of the said duties and drawbacks thereby repealed, there should be raised, levied, collected, and Paid, the several duties of customs and excise, in the said act Jpecially enumerated and put down; and it is thereby enacted, That all the monies arising by the duties by the said act imposed (the necessary charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted) shall from time to time be paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer at Westminster, and the said money, so paid into the said receipt of exchequer as aforesaid, shall be carried to, and made part of the fund called The Consolidated Fund: and whereas the duties and revenues which were payable to his late majesty King George the Second, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and arising from the importation of tobacco and snuff, tobacco Jlaiks, tobacco Jlalk flour, or snuff work, as well as all other goods and merchandize, ought to be saved, reserved, and declared to belong to, and be it the disposal of his present Majesty during his life: therefore, and for removing all doubts in respect thereof; be it enacted and declared by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament ableTo Geo. and by the authority of the same, That the duties and

inScotknd o^n revenues which were payable to his late majesty King George the importation Second, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and arising of tobacco, from the importation of tobacco and snuff, tobacco flaiks, to-thnied diir^rT" ^acco Aur> or snuff work, as well as all other goods and his Majesty's merchandize, shall be continued, raised, levied, and paid, during life, &c, the life of his present Majesty, in the same manner only, and subject to the same or the like charges thereon, as the same were liable or subject to during his said late Majesty's life; any thing in the said act of the twenty-ninth of his Majesty to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. LVI.

An act for extending the time limited by an act of this session for delivering in navy and victualling bills.

[May 23, 1794.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act, made in this present session of parliament,

34 Geo. 2. intituled An act for granting annuities to satisfy certain c. ax, recited, navy and victualling bills; and for providing for the regular payment of all navy and victualling bills that shall be issued in future,

all

and navy and victualfing bills mentioned therein may be received at the navy office. See. till July i, 1794-

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 57, 58. 559

all persons interested in, or entitled unto, certain navy and victualling bills in the said act mentioned., were enabled, at any time before the twelfth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety four^ to subscribe the said bills in the manner directed by the said act: and whereas it is necessciry to give further time to such persons as have been prevented from subscribing their navy and victualling bills zuithin the time before mentioned; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the officers of the navy, and victualling offices respectively, and the treasurer of his Majesty's navy, or his paymaster or cashier, at any time or times before the first day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, shall, and he and they is and are hereby authorised, impowered, and required, to accept and take in from any person or persons any such navy or victualling bills as shall be offered to them, and to compute the interest and mark the same, and to make forth such certificate or certificates as are directed by the said at; and the governor and company of the bank of England are hereby authorised and impowered to give credit for such stock and annuities as such person or persons would have been entitled to in respect of such bills, in case such bills had been delivered into such office or offices before the said twelfth day of April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four.

---

CAP. LVII.

An act for further continuing an act, made in the fifth year of the reign of his late Majesty, intituled An act to prevent the committing of frauds by bankrupts.

[May 33, 1794.]

Continued until June 1, 1796.

CAP. LVIII.

An act to prevent the removal of suits from the inferior courts in the county palatine of Lancaster, into the court of common pleas of the said county palatine.

[May 23, 1794.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS great mischiefs have arisen from the facility of removing causes of small value from the inferior courts in the county palatine of Lancaster into the Court of Common Pleas of the said county palatine: for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same,

[No execution shall be stayed by writ of false judgment, &c. in any inferior court in the county of Lancaster, but on certain conditions,]

That, from and after the passing of this Act no execution shall be stayed or delayed upon or by any writ of false judgement or supersedeas thereon, to be sued for the reversing of any judgement given or to be given in any inferior court within the county palatine of Lancaster where the debt or damages are under ten pounds, unless such person or persons in whose name or names such writ of false judgement shall be brought, with two sufficient sureties, such as the court (wherein such judgement is or shall be given) shall allow of, shall first, before such stay made or supersedeas to be awarded, be bound unto the party for whom such judgement is or shall be given, by recognizance to be acknowledged in the same court, in double the sum adjudged to be recovered by the said former judgement, to prosecute the said writ of false judgement with effect, and also to satisfy and pay (if the said judgement be affirmed or the said writ of false judgement be not proceeded in) all and singular the debt, damages and costs adjudged, and all costs and damages to be awarded for the same delaying of execution.

560 Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 59. [1794.

be bound unto the party for whom such judgement is or shall be given, by recognizance to be acknowledged in the same court, in double the sum adjudged to be recovered by the said former judgement, to prosecute the said writ of false judgement with effect, and also to satisfy and pay (if the said judgement be affirmed or the said writ of false judgement be not proceeded in) all and singular the debt, damages and costs adjudged, and all costs and damages to be awarded for the same delaying of execution.

[nor any action for less than 10l. be removed from any inferior court into the common pleas of the said county.]

II. And be it further enacted, That no cause, where the cause shall not amount to the sum of ten pounds or upwards, shall be removed or removeable from any court of inferior jurisdiction into the court of common pleas at Lancaster, by any writ of pone accedas ad curiam certiorari or otherwise, unless the defendant who shall be desirous of removing such cause shall enter into the like recognizance as aforesaid for payment of the debt or damages and costs, in case judgement shall pass against him, any law or statute to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

CAP. LIX.

An act for extending the provisions of an act passed in the twenty-fifth year of his present Majesty's reign, for better examining and auditing the publick accounts of the board of ordnance, the commissioners of the navy, the commissioners for victualling the navy, and the commissioners of sick and hurt.

[May 23, 1794.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act passed in the twenty-fifth year of his present Majesty's reign,

[25 Geo. 2. c. 52, recited.]

---

intituled An act for better examining and auditing the publick accounts of this kingdom, divers powers are given to the commissioners thereby authorised to be appointed and styled The of for auditing the publick accounts, to call before them all such persons as should hive received any sum or sums of money by way of imprefi, or in any other manner for which they should be accountable, and to require such persons to produce all accounts, books, certificates, warrants, muniments, receipts, or other papers, which should appear to be necessary for the purposes of their examination, and to examine, upon oath, all accountants whom they should find occasion to examine before them, and all other persons, as in the said act mentioned \ and provisions are made for putting sums of money, issued to sub-accountants, in charge against them, and for taking the accounts of such sub-account ants, and iffiuing process for such purpose; but it is provided that process shall in no case be issued against anyjub-accountant who is to account to the principal officers of the board of ordnance, or the principal officers and commissioners of his Majestfs navy, the commissioners for victualling his Majestfs navy, or the commissioners for feck and hurt respectively, for sums which have been issued to such sub-accountants by the treasurer of the ordnance or tresurer of the navy, without directions being previously given for that purpose by the lord high treasurer, or the commissioners of the treasury, after a reference of their, cases to the commissioners of the boards above-mentioned respectively, and a report made thereupon: and it is also provided^ That no process shall Jfue against any such sub-accountant until u twelve

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 59.

twelve months shall have elapsed from the time of making np the accounts of the said treasurer annually: and it is also provided, That when any sub-accountant, or sub-accountants, shall transnit to the of to be appointed under the authority of the said aCi, a fuf ficient and satisfactory discharge from the principal officers of the ordnance, the commissioners of his Majests navy, the commissioners for victualling his Majesty's navy, or the commissioners of sick and hurt, for any monies he or they shall have received in the said departments severally, the said of shall transnit a duplicate of the same to his Majesty's remembrancer in the court of exchequer, who shall forthwith strike out the name or names offuchfib-account ant, orsub-account-ants from the impref roll, and such sub-accountant, or sub-accountants

shall from henceforth be discharged from any other or further account for the same; and whereas the principal officers of the said board of ordnance, the principal officers and commissioners of his Majesty's navy, the commissioners for victualling his Majestf s navy, and the commissioners for sick and hurt, are not, by the said act, authorised to call before them such perj'oys as are to account to them as aforesaid, or to examine such persons on oath, or to compel the production of accounts, papers, and writings, or otherwise to proceed with respeCi to the accounts to be taken by them r effectively, in the same manner as the said of for auditing the publick accounts are authorised to proceed with respeCi to other accountants by the said act, by reason whereof the accounts to be taken by such officers of such several boards respectively cannot be effectually taken by them; be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after Powers of re. the passing of this act, all and every such and the same powers ^cfed^the and authorities whatsoever, shall be vetted in, and are hereby of vetted in, the said principal officers of the board of ordnance, the of the navy, said principal officers and commissioners of his Majesty's navy, &c. the said of for victualling his Majesty's navy, and the said said of of sick and hurt respectively, or any three or more of the members of such several boards respectively, to call before them respectively all such sub-accountants as are accountable before them respectively as aforesaid, and to compel such persons to produce all accounts, books, certificates, warrants, muniments, receipts, and other papers, which shall appear to be necessary for the purposes of their examination, and to examine upon oath (which oath the said principal officers and of, or any three or more of such officers and of of the said several boards, in their respective departments, are hereby authorised to administer) all such sub-accountants as they shall find occasion to examine before them, and all other persons, and otherwise to act in and about the taking of the accounts to be taken by such boards respectively, as by the said recited act are vetted in the said of for auditing the publick accounts, and that all the rules, methods, regulations, penalties, forfeitures, matters, and things, prescribed or appointed by the said for examining accountants by the said commissioners,

---

562 Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 60, 61. [1794.

for auditing the publick accounts, shall be in like manner extended and applied for the examining sub-accountants by the said several boards respectively, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes whatever, as if the said rules, methods, regulations, penalties, forfeitures, matters, and things, had been specially enacted in this act.

CAP. LX.

An act to continue so much of several laws, respecting the transportation and imprisonment of offenders, as relates to the removal of offenders to temporary places of confinement.

[May 23, 1794.]

19 Geo. 3. c. 74. and so much of 24 Geo. 3. sess. 2. c. 56. and of 25 Geo. 3. c. 46. as relates to the removal of offenders to temporary places of confinement, continued until June 2, 1799.

CAP. LXI.

An act for the better observation of the Lord's day, by persons exercising the trade of bakers.

[May 23, 1794.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS many persons exercising the trade of bakers do, under pretence of being employed in works of necessity or charity, carry on their trade or calling on the Lord's day, and are employed therein during a much greater part thereof than is requisite for such purposes; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same,

[No baker in London, &c. to work on Sunday, except as herein mentioned, on penalty of 10s.]

That no master baker, journeyman baker, or other person, carrying on the business of a baker in the city of London, or within twelve miles of the said city, shall, on any pretence whatsoever, make, bake, or expose to sale, any houshold or other bread, or rolls of any sort or kind, or bake any meat, puddings, pies, or tarts, or in any other manner exercise the trade or calling of a baker, on the Lord's day, or any part thereof, (save and except as herein after is mentioned); and every master baker, journeyman baker, or other person, exercising the business of a baker, on the Lord's day, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, and being thereof convicted before any justice of the peace of the county, city, or place, where the offence shall be committed, either upon his own view, or confession of the party, or proof by one or more witness or witnesses, upon oath, shall forfeit and pay the sum of ten shillings;

[Penalty may be levied by distress, &c.]

and if any person so convicted shall neglect or refuse to pay the said sum of ten shillings, such justice shall and may, by warrant under his hand and seal, direct the same to be levied by distress and sale of the offender's goods and chattels, and, in default or insufficiency of such distress, commit the offender to the house of correction for any time not exceeding fourteen, nor less than seven days, unless the penalty or forfeiture shall be sooner paid;

[Application of penalty.]

and the said penalty or forfeiture shall, within seven days after payment thereof, be transmitted by such justice to the churchwardens or overseers of the poor of the parish where the offence shall he committed, to be employed and converted to the use of the poor of such parish.

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 62. 563

[Bread may be sold, and meat, &c. baked, on Sundays between certain hours.]

II. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prohibit the selling of bread, or to prohibit or make liable to the penalties of this act any master or journeyman baker, or other person, baking meat, puddings, or pies, only, on the Lord's day, between the hours of nine of the clock in the forenoon and one of the clock in the afternoon, so as the person requiring the baking thereof shall carry or send the same to and from the place where such meat, pudding, or pie, is baked.

[Complaints to be made within six days.]

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That every complaint against any master baker, journeyman baker, or other person, for any thing by him or them done contrary to the provisions of this act, shall be made and prosecuted within six days after the offence committed.

[Convictions to be drawn up in the following Form.]

IV. And be it further enacted, That the justice before whom any person shall be convicted under this act shall and may cause such conviction to be drawn up in the form or to the effect following:

To wit:

Be it remembered, That on this ________ day of ________ A.B. is convicted before me ________ one of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the said county of ________ [or as the case may be], due proof being made before me, on the oath of ________ or, upon the confession of, &c. [as the case may be] that ________ [specifying the offence, the time when, and the place where]; and I do adjudge the said ________ to pay and forfeit for the same the sum of ten shillings. Given under my band and seal this ________ day of ________.

CAP. LXII.

An act for enabling his Majesty to raise the sum of two millions five hundred thousand pounds for the uses and purposes therein mentioned.

[May 23, 1794.]

Most gracious Sovereign,

---

We your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament assembled, having taken into our most serious consideration your Majesty's most gracious mellage, to be enabled to fulfil the engagements which your Majesty has entered into with the king of Prussia, as well as to defray any extraordinary expences which may be incurred for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, and to take such measures as the exigency of affairs may require, have resolved to give and grant to your Majesty the sum of two millions five hundred thousand pounds for that purpose.  His Majesty may impower the treasury to cause loans to be received, or exchequer bills to be made out for 2, 500, 000b at any time before January 5, 1795, agreeable to 34 Geo. 3. c. 7. and powers of that act extended to this act. Loans or exchequer bills chargeable on the first aids granted next sessions; and if not granted before July 5, 1795, to be paid out of the consolidated fund. Monies issued from the consolidated fund to be replaced out of the first supplies. Bank may advance money on the credit of this act.

564

[Preamble.]

Xotb?ng in any act to prevent Samuel A lb ton from tanning hides and skins in the manner mentioned in his letters patent, ecc.

Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 63. [1794.

CAP. LXIII.

An act for allowing the exercise of an invention of a new method< of tanning hides and skins.

[May 23, 1794.]

WHEREAS Samuel Ashton of Sheffield, in the county of York, painter, having a Hedged that he had invented a new method of tanning hides and skins, obtained his Majesty's letters patent, hearing date the sixteenth day of January, in the thirty-fourth year of his reign, containing a grant to him, his executors, administrators, and assigns, of the sole use, benefit, and advantage, or* invention within the limits and for the term nfual in the like cases; and the said Samuel Ashton hath, by an instrument in writing, under his hand and Jeal, described and ascertained the nature of his said invest*, tion, and the materials to be ttfed as ingredients in preparing the tan liquor made use of in his process of tanning, and the degrees and proportions thereof and the manner of using the same, and hath caujed fuel? instrument to be inroiled in the court of chancery, agreeable to the terms and conditions of the said letters patent: but by reason of some frovijtons or ref riff ions contained in certain affs of parliament re-bating to the manner of tanning hides and skins, and the materials of things to be used therein, doubts have arifeh touching validity of the said letters patent: for obviating fuel? doubts, and in order to give to the said Samuel Ashton, his executors, administrators, and assigns, and a if? the public ky the benefit intended by the said letters patent; may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and it be enacted by the King's mold excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritua] and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That nothing contained in any act or acts of parliament hereto- fore made shall be construed to hinder or prevent the said Samuel Ashton, his executors, administrators, or assigns, during the term of the said letters patent, or any person or persons whomsoever, after the expiration of the said term, from tanning of hides and skins in the manner, and according to the method, and with the materials or things mentioned, described, or ascertained, in the said instrument so inrolled in the court of chancery as aforesaid, or from felling any hides or skins so tanned, or to subject the said Samuel Afpton, his executors, administrators, or assigns, during the term of the said letters patent, or any person whomsoever, after the expiration of the said term, to any penalty or forfeiture, for or on account of tanning any hides or skins in the manner, or according to the method, or with the materials or things mentioned, described, or ascertained, in the said instrument, or for or on account of the sale of any hides or skins so tanned; but that the said letters patent shall be as good and valid, and of as full force and effect, in all respects, and to all intents and purposes, as the same would have been, and the said Samuel Ashton, his executors, administrators, and assigns, during the term of the said letters patent, and all persons whomsoever, after the expiration of the said term, shall and may have and enjoy all the benefits and

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 64. 5

advantages by the said letters patent meant and intended to be given, or arising or accruing from, or in consequence of the said invention, and may use and exercise the said invention in like manner in all respects, and to all intents and purposes, as he or they could or might have done, in case no act or acts of parliament containing any provisions or restrictions relating to the manner of tanning hides or skins, or the materials or things to be used in the tanning of hides or skins, or to the sale of tanned hides or skins, had been in force at the time of the granting of the said letters patent; any thing contained in any acct or acts of parliament to the contrary hereof notwithstanding: provided nevertheless. That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be confirmed to extend, to give any greater force or validity to the said letters patent, or the grant therein mentioned, than the same would have had in case no such act or acts of parliament as aforesaid had been in force at the time of the granting of the said letters patent

[Publick act.]

II. And be it further enacted, That this act shall be deemed and taken to be a publick act; and shall be judicially taken notice of as such, by all judges, justices, and other persons, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. LXIV.

An act for the more effectually repairing of such parts of the highways of this kingdom as are to be repaired by two parishes.

[May 23, 1794.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the common highways in this kingdom are to be maintained and kept in repair (except in certain cases) by the inhabitants of the several parishes in which such common highways are situated; but it frequently happens that the boundaries of such parishes pass through the middle of such common highways, and one side of such highways is situated in one parish, and the other side of such highways is situated in another parish, whereby great inconveniences have often arisen to such parishes, in settling the time and manner of repairing and amending the same, and great detriment has arisen thereby to the publick from the want of the due repair of such highways:

for remedy thereof, be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, 7hiat it shall and may be lawful for any Two justices two justices of the peace for any country, riding, or division, upon rnay deter Complaint or application to them by any surveyor, or any one of the surveyors of the highways of any parish, (dating to such juf- highways ly-tices in writing, and by a plan thereunto annexed, that there is ingin two* situated in the said parish, and also in some other parish adjoining p >rishes shall thereto, specifying the same, a certain common highway, partieu-larly describing the same by metes, bounds, and admeasurement 1 " s'c'

thereof, one side of which common highway, ought to be made or repaired by one of such parishes, and the other side thereof by the other of such parishes), to issue their summons, with a copy of

566

Parishes bound to repair the parts so allotted.

How costs of proceedings shall be defrayed, ScC,

Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 64. [1794.

such writing and plan thereunto annexed, to the surveyor or one of the surveyors of the highways of such other parish, to appear before them on a day to be mentioned in such summons, not more than fourteen days* nor less than seven days from the day of the date of such summons; and that in case the parties shall then appear before such justices, they may then proceed finally to decide the matter in the manner herein-ascer mentioned, in case all the parties shall consent thereto; but in case the surveyor summoned shall not appear on such first summons, or appearing shall require further time, the said justices shall adjourn the further consideration of the matter for any further time, not more than twenty-one days, nor less than fourteen days from the day of such adjournment, of which the surveyor not appearing shall have notice; on which day the said justices shall proceed to hear the parties and their witnesses, and whether the party summoned does or does not appear, shall proceed to examine and finally determine the matter in form following; (that is to say), That it shall and may be lawful for such justices, and they are hereby required to divide the whole of such common highway by a tranverfe line eroding such highway, into two equal parts, or into two such unequal parts and proportions as, in consideration of the foil, waters, floods, the inequality of such highway, or any other circumstances attending the lame, they, in their discretion, shall think just and right; and to declare, adjudge, and order, that the whole of such highway on both fides thereof, in one of such parts, shall be maintained and repaired by one of such parishes, and that the whole of such highway on both fides thereof, in the other of such parts, shall be maintained and repaired by the other of such parishes; and shall cause such their order, and a plan of such highway, and the allotment thereof as before-mentioned, to be fairly delineated on paper or parchment, and filed with the clerk of the peace of the county in which such highway shall happen to lie, and shall also cause such posts, stones, or other boundaries, to be placed and let up in such highway as in their judgment shall be necessary for ascertaining the division and allotment aforesaid.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after such order

and plan shall be so filed with the clerk of the peace as aforesaid, such parishes, and the inhabitants thereof respectively, shall be bound as of common right to maintain and keep in repair such parts of such common highway so allotted to them as aforesaid, and shall be liable to be prosecuted and indicted for neglect of such duty, and shall in all respects whatsoever be liable and subject to all the provisions, regulations, and penalties, contained in any act or acts of parliament for the repair of thq highways which are or shall be in force, in like manner as they are liable and subject to with respect to the repair of any other common highway within such parishes respectively, and also shall be discharged from the repair of such parts of such highway as shall not be included in their respective allotments.*

III. And be it further enacted, That all costs, charges, and expences, to be incurred by reason of any of the proceedings before

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 64. 567

mentioned, shall borne and defrayed by such two parishes, the same being fettied and ascertained by such two judices; and in case the said parties shall refuse or neglect to pay and discharge their respective ("hare of such costs and expences, it shall and may be lawful for either of such judices, or any other judice of the peace for the said county, riding, or division, to levy the same by didrefs and sale, with the cods of such didress, on the goods and chattels of any surveyor of the highways of the parish so refusing or neglecting to defray such costs and charges as aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this act Boundary of contained shall extend, or be condrued to extend, to affeI, counties, &c. change, or alter, in any manner whatsoever, any boundaries fhan % d excounties, lorddups, hundreds, manors, or any other division ofceptforthe publick or private property, nor the boundaries of any parishes, purpose afore-otherwise than for the purpose of amending and keeping in repairaid such particular portion of the highways, in the manner hereinbefore mentioned.

V. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained A&nottore-shall relate, or be condrued to relate, to any highways, the repair late to high-of any part of which belongs to any bodies politick or corporate, aide byCbodies township, or other such place, or to any private person or persons, politick, &c. by the reason of tenure of any lands, or otherwise howsoever, but which may that the same shall be condrued to relate to such highways, the

repair of which belongs to parishes only: provided always, That pUtUnderthe in case any such body politick or corporate, township, or other regulations such place, or any such private person or persons as aforesaid, or of it, any other person and persons who shall be bound by law to repair one side of any part of any common highway, shall be desirous that the same should be placed under the regulations of this aci* and that a division and allotment thereof should be made, according to the provisions thereof, and the parties who are bound to the repair of the other side of the said highway shall con lent thereto, it shall and may be lawful for such two judices to make an order for the division and allotment of such highway, and such order, when filed with the clerk of the peace, shall have the like force and effedf, to all intents and purposes whatsoever, as is herein directed with respect to the like order where parishes only are concerned.

VI. And be it further enacted, That this act shall not be con- nor to extend

strued to extend to that part of Great Britain called Scotland. to Scotland-

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be law- Appeal may ful for either of the two parishes, between whom any such allot- be made to ment of any highway shall be made by virtue of this act, by an the quarter order in vedry, specially called for the purpose, to appeal to the quarter sessions of the peace for the county where such parishes shall lie, to be holden next after the time when such order and plan shall be filed with the clerk of the peace as aforesaid, and not otherwise; and that upon the hearing of such appeal, the judices at such quarter sessions shall make such order as shall appear to to them to be jud, either by affirming, quaihing, or amending, the order of the two judices, and shall allow cods to either party

56S Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 64. [1794.

as in their discretion they shall think right; which order of the quarter sessions shall not be removed by writ of certiorari or otherwise, but shall be final to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That such complaint, sum-madeTn the mons> adjudication, and plan, may be in the several forms sfated annexed in the appendix hereunto annexed, or as near thereto as the cir-

forms. custances and nature of each particular case may admit.

APPENDIX.

INFORMATION.

County 1 yj'T a petty session, holden before J. P. and fC. P. two of j his Majesty's justices of the peace for the said county, this day of

J. S. one of the surveyors of the highways of the par ish of A,came before the justices aforesaid, and gave them to be in-See plan, formed, That there is in the said county a certain common highway, leading from M. to N.; and that there is a certain part of the said highway, that is to say, so much thereof as lies between a certain place called C. and a certain other place called D. being in lengthy [as the case may be]

one side of which last mentioned part of the said highway adjoining to the parish of A. lies within the said parish of A. and is to be, and of right ought to be, repaired by the said parish of A.; and that the other side of the same part of the said highway adjoining to the par if? of B. lies within the parish of B. and is to be, and of right ought to be, repaired by the said parish of B.; and fating that the repair of such part of the said highway is very inconvenient to the parishes aforesaid, and the want thereof detrimental to the publick: and therefore praying. That such part of the said highway may be allotted and apportioned for the repair thereof, by the justices aforesaid, to the said several parishes of A. and B. in the manner dire died by an act, pa [fed in the thirty-fourth year of the reign of King George the Third, intituled An act, See.

(Signed) J. S.

The above application was One of the surveyors of the

made to us the day and Highways for the parish

year first above written. of A.

j. p.

K. P.

SUMMONS, to be subjoined to a copy of the above information.

County 1 CjHO the surveyors of the highways of the parish of B. in J the said county, any or either of them.

Whereas a certain information has been given to us J. P. and K. P. two of his Majestf s justices of the peace for the said

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 64.

said county, by J. S. one of the surveyors of the highways of the parish of A. in the said county, a true copy whereof is above written; these are, in his Majests name, to summon you, any or either of you, to appear before us at in the said county, on the day of

atto /hew cause (if any) why an allotment and ap-

portionment of the highway therein mentioned should not be made, according to the provisions of the aff referred to in the said information, Hereof fail not. Given under our bands^ this -day of

J. p.

K. P.

Final ORDER and ADJUDICATION, to be filed with the clerk of the peace.

WHEREAS, &c.

1. State the original application,

2. The summons.

3. The appearance; and that the parties Were heard, or5

their non-appearance.

Now we, the justices aforesaid, having fully heard and underfood the premises, do declare> adjudge, and order. That the said highway Jshall be divided in the following manner; (that is to say), that at the distance of measuring from the place called C. there shall be erected certain posts or [tones, E. and F. on each side of the said highway; and the tvhole of the said highway, from the place called C. to such poss orf ones, shall be from time to time, and at all times hereafter, repaired, by the parish of A.; and the whole of the said highway, from such poss or fones to the place called D. fall from time to time, and at all times hereafter, be repaired by the parish of B*

In zuitnef whereof, we have hereunto set our hands andfeats* this day of

J. P. (L. S.)

K. P. S.)

PLAN.

Parish of A.

Bound to repair on this side to the dotted line

E, (+) Stone

M, Highway , 2 D* N*

F, ( +)Stone.

Parish of B.

Bound ter repair on this side to the dotted line.

Vol. XXXIX.

CAP. LXV.

An act for better regulating and governing the watermen, wherrymen, and lightermen, upon the river of Thames, between Gravefeml and Windsor.

[May 23, 1794.]

[Preamble.]

n Sc 3 Phil. & Mar. c. 16. and

11 & 21 Gul. 3.C. ai. recited.

WHEREAS, by an act passed in the second and third years of the reign of their late Majesties Philip and Mary, intituled An act touching watermen and bargemen upon the river of Thames, it was enacted, That the mayor and court of aldermen of the city of London, for the time being, should, from time to time, at their discretion, limit, set, <2/2^ ajfess, the price or prices, andfums of money, that every person or persons authorised to row upon the river of Thames, betevixt Gravesend and Windsor, should take for his or their labour or fare from place to place, particularly betwixt Gravesend and Windsor aforesaid; which prices or ajfiffments afterwards should be signed and subscribed by two of the privy council at the leaf, and made public k, as in and by the said act is directed \ and it was thereby farther enacted, That every person and persons that should take, for his or their fare or labour, above the prices that should be afjejfed in form aforesaid, should forfeit for every such offence forty J, hillings, and alj'o JhGuldfujfer imprisonment by one half year; the said forfeiture to be recovered as in and by the said act is expressed: and whereas for many yeors paf the said punifmient hath been considered much too severe for the offence, and there being no powers for mitigating the same, the offenders have generally escaped punishment for their extortion: and whereas, by an act passed in the eleventh and twelfth years of the reign of his late majesty King William the Third, inti-tided, An act for the explanation and better execution of former acts made touching watermen and wherrymen rowing on the river of Thames; and for the better ordering and governing the said watermen, Xvherrymen, and lightermen, upon the said river, between Gravesend and Windsor, it was enacted, That there should be yearly appointed, elested, and chosen, by the court of lord mayor and aldermen of the city of London, for the time being, the number of eight persons, of the most wife, discreet, and befl fort of watermen, and the number of three persons out of twelve persons, to be yearly nominated by the lightermen, of the most wife, discreet, and best fort of lighter* men, being koufeholders, having tiuo lighters or fat boats upon the said river, between Gravesend and Windsor; which elections should be yearly, at the fir/I court of aldermen to be holden within the said city, next after the first day of J une \ and the said eleven persons so to be elected should be named or called the overseers and rulers of all the wherrymen, watermen, and lightermen, that, from and after the said first day of June should life, occupy, or exercise, any rowing upon the -said river of Thames betwixt Gravesend and Windsor aforesaid; which said overseers and rulers should keep and maintain good order and obedience amongst the said watermen and lightermen, according to the true meaning of that present and former acts \ and that the affjlants and auditors of the society or company of wherrymen, ivatermen, and lightermen, Jlmdd be also appointed yearly in the manner therein mentioned)

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 65. 571

ttoned, for the better order and government of the said company \ and that the said rulers, auditors, and assistants, f A* /w/ of thesn

present, being all duly fuvimoned as therein mentioned, should and mighty and they were thereby empowered and authorised, from time to timey better and more effectual keeping and maintaining good order and obedience amongst the fend society and company, to snake, ordain, and provide, fetch reasonable and lawful rules, orders, and constitutions, as in their discretion they should think fity with reasonable pains and penalties to the same annexed y which said rulcsy orders, and, confutations y should, from time to time, be laid before the court of lord mayor and aldermen of the city of London, for the time beings to be by them examined, altered, or approved, and afterwards confirmed or altered by the lord chief justice of either benchy for the common good and profit of his Majestf s subjects; and for the further and better enforcing due obedienceto the said rules, orders and confitutions, and snore easy and speedy recovery of the pains and penalties to the same annexed, it was thereby further enacted, That the lord mayor of London, and the aldermen of the said city, and the justices of the peace within the /hires next adjoining to the said river of Thames between Gravesend and Wind for, every of them within their several jurisdictions and authorities, should have full power and authority, by virtue of that present act, upon complaint made to them, or any of them, by the said ov erfeers and rulers, or any two of them, to examine, hear, and determine, by the oath of one or more witnesses, (which every of them were thereby authorised to administer), or by the confession of the offender, all complaints or offences to be done or cosnmitted by any such person or persons that should offend contrary to the true meaning of that present act, or any rule, order, or constitution, to be s made pursuant to the authority thereby given, and by difirefs and jale of the goods of every such offender, by warrant under the hand and seal of the said lord mayor and aldermen, or one or more of the said aldermen or justices, to cause to be levied, from time to time, all the penalties infixed by former acts, and that present act, touching watermen, wherrymen, or lightermen, or by any such rule, order, or confitution, that should by virtue of that present act be forfeited: and whereas, in purJuance of the last in part recited act of parliament, certain rules, orders, and confitutions, have, from time to time, been s made for the better rude and government of the said society or company, but the same have hitherto proved inadequate and ineffectual: and whereas it would tend to the more speedy atii effectual administ ration of justice, and be of great publish utility a?zd convenience, if so much of the said act of the second and third y ears of their late Majesties Philip and Mary, as subjects persons, taking for their fare or labour above the assessed prices, to the fine of forty shillings, and also to half a year's imprisonment, should be repealed, and if the court of mayor and aldermen of the said city of London for the time being were authorised find empowered to make, frame, and set down, in writing, reasonable rules, orders and confitutions, for governing and regulating the watermen, wherrymen, and lightermen, upon the river Thames, between the limits aforesaid; and if the lord mayor, recorder, or any one alderman of the said city of London for the time being, and the justices of the peace within the /hires and

572 Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 65. [1794.

places next adjoining to the j'aid river of Thames, between Gravesend and Windsor, should severally and respectively have full power and authority to adjudge, ascertain, and settle, the several penalties, tf/za? to enforce payment of the fa?ne, pzz the laivs, statutes, rules,

orders, and constitutions, tfzzz/ to be made, /# execution

effectually to punish any-offence or misbehaviour done or committed by any such waterman, wherry man, lighterman, against the said laws,

orders, confutations, which are now in force, or which shall at any time or times hereafter be ? made pursuant to the authorities and direct ions of this act, or of the several acts of parliament in that caje made and provided: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament 1 rm so much assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and of hr ft recited a^ter day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-

acts as sub- four, so much of the said in part recited act of the second and jedspersons third years of the reign of their late Majesties Philip and Mary, ^harfthdr^ aS ^u^jec's every or any person, taking for his fare or labour fanTto penal- above the prices assessed for that purpose as therein mentioned, to tits repealed, the fine or forfeiture of forty shillings, and also to imprisonment &c. by one half year, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed; and

that, from and after the said first day of July, the court of lord mayor and aldermen of the city of London shall have authority, and are hereby impowered, from time to time, to make such rules, orders, and constitutions, for the better government and regulation of watermen, wherrymen, and lightermen, rowing or using any boat, barge, or lighter, or other vessel, upon the said river Thames, between Gravesend and TVindfor, as they shall think-fit and needfary, and to alter, repeal, or make void, the same, or any of the rules, orders, or constitutions, now in force, in manner and with the approbation herein after mentioned; and the said lord mayor, recorder, or any one alderman of the said city, within the said city, and his Majesty's justices of the peace of the respective counties and places next adjoining to the said river Thames, between Gravesend and Windsor, shall severally and respectively have power and authority within the said city, counties, and places respectively, to put in execution the several laws and statutes, and also the rules, orders, and constitutions, which are now* in force, or which shall at any time hereafter he made by the said court of mayor and aldermen, in pursuance of this act, or by the rulers, auditors, and afiifbmts, of the watermens company, and approved by the said court of mayor and aldermen, pursuant to the authorities and directions of the several acts of parliament in that case made and provided, or any of them, againflthe aforesaid watermen, wherrymen, and lightermen, or any other person or person?, for any offence or offences committed or to be committed against the said laws, statutes, rules, orders, and constitutions, or any of them, and as fully and effectually as if such rules, orders, and constitutions, were particularly set forth in this act.

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 65, 573

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That The court the court of mayor and aldermen of the said city of London, for the time being, shall have full power and authority from time to London em. time to alter, amend, repeal, or make void, any of the rules, powered to orders, or conftkutions now in force, or hereafter to be made, make rules, and to make, frame, and set down in writing, such other rules, orders, or constitutions, for governing and regulating the water- ctmdu&and men, wherrymen, and lightermen, owning, rowing, or working, demeanour of boats, or other craft, upon the river Thames, between Gravesend, watermen, in the county of Kent, and Windsor, in the county of Berks, and to annex reasonable penalties and forfeitures for the breach of men upon the such rules, orders, or constitutions, not exceeding the Turn of river Thames, three pounds for any one offence, and such rules, orders, and constitutions, or any of them, from time to time, to alter, amend, repeal, or make void, as to the said court in their discretion shall seem meet, for the better putting this act in execution, so as, after the making, altering, amending, or repealing thereof respectively, the rules, orders, and constitutions, so to be made, and every such alteration, amendment, and repeal, be allowed and approved of from time to time by the lord high chancellor of The said Great Britain, the lord keeper, or lords of of the rules, &c. to great seal for the time being, the lord chief justice of the ^ndaUwed court of king's bench, the lord chief justice of the court of com- Gf by the lord mon pleas, and the lord chief baron of the court of exchequer, or chancellor, any one or more of them, who are and is hereby required, on chief justices, request from time to time to them, or any one or more of them, lar^e* made by or on behalf of the said court of mayor and aldermen, to 5 peruse and examine all such rules, orders or constitutions, as shall from time to time be made, altered, amended, or repealed, by the said court of mayor and aldermen in pursuance of this act, and laid before the said lord high chancellor, lord keeper, or lords of of the great seal for the time being, the said lord chief justice of the court of king's bench, the said lord chief justice of the court of common pleas, and the said lord chief baron of the court of exchequer, or any one or more of them, for their or his allowance and approbation; and they, or any one or more who may ai-of them, are or is to allow thereof, or alter the same before they, or any one or more of them, allow thereof, or to allow of any such repeal, as they, or any one or more of them shall, from time to time, think fit, and for doing thereof no fee or reward shall be paid or taken.

III. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted by the authority Copy of in-afo'resaid, That when and as often as any alteration in the rules, ^t^n^and orders, and constitutions now in force, or hereafter to be made, new rules to or any new or other rules, orders, and constitutions, shall be be sent to made by the said court of mayor and aldermen as aforesaid, a the water-copy of such intended alterations, and of such new or other rules, mcr11 s 01, n- orders, and constitutions, shall be sent to, and left at I Voter man's Says before Hall, for the perusal of the rulers, auditors, and assistants, of allowed by the watermen's company, at least thirty days before the same shall the judges, be allowed by the lord high chancellor of Great Britain, the lord and the coin,

'PP3'keeper, pan*may

57 4

submit their

objections,

Sec.

The rules, See. to be primed and published.

Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 65. [1794.

keeper, or lords of of the great seal for the time being, the lord chief justice of the court of king's bench, the lord chief justice of the court of common pleas, and the lord chief baron of the court of exchequer, or any one or more of them, as aforesaid, in order that the said rulers, auditors, and assistants, may submic to the consideration of the said court of mayor and aldermen their objections, (if any) to such intended alterations, or to such new or other rules, orders, and constitutions; and in case the said rulers, auditors, and assistants, shall not be satisfied with the determination of the said court of mayor and aldermen in the premises, on such objection respectively, then, that the said rulers, auditors, and assistants, may submit their said objetions to the consideration of the lord high chancellor of Great Britain, the lord keeper, or lords of of the great seal for the time being, the lord chief justice of the court of king's bench, the lord chief justice of the court of common pleas, and the lord chief baron of the court of exchequer, or any one or more of them before such intended alterations or such new or other rules, orders, and con--ftitutions, are allowed as aforesaid,

IV. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That such rules, orders, and constitutions, so to be from time to time made, altered, or amended, by the said court of mayor and aldermen, shall, within thirty days after the same shall be allowed and approved of as aforesaid, be printed and sent to the several publick offices, lately established by authority of parliament for the administration of justice, in the counties of Middlesex and Surrey; and also to the several clerks of the peace of the said counties and places adjoining to the river Thames, to be published in such manner as the court of quarter sessions in those counties shall direct, and also be made publick in such other manner as the said court of ma}w and aldermen shall think proper, and from time to time order and direct.

V. And be it further ena&d by the authority aforesaid, That, in case any waterman, wherryman, lighterman, or other person or persons, shall offend against the laws, statutes, rules, orders, and constitutions, which are now in force, or which shall at any time be made by the said court of mayor and aldermen, in pursuance of this act, or by the rulers, auditors, and assistants, of the watermen's company, and approved by the said court of mayor and aldermen, pursuant to the authorities and directions of the several acts of parliament in that case made and provided, or any of them, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said mayor, recorder, or any one alderman, of the said city, and for any justice

imprisonment. or justices of the peace for the respective counties and places next adjoining to the said river of Thames, between Gravesend and Windsor, and every of them, within their several and respective jurisdictions, upon complaint made of any such offence or misbehaviour, committed within their respective jurisdictions, within six days after the commission of any such offence or misbehaviour, to cause the offender or offenders to be summoned personally, or by leaving such Summons at his, her, or their last or usual place

or

p.v: ver vested in the lord mayor, aldermen. and justices, to summon and apprehend watermen, Sec. and examine wit-nv fifes upon oath, and pu-niih offenders by fine and

1794-7 Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 65. 57

or respective places of abode, to appear and answer the said complaint: and if any waterman, wherryman, lighterman, or other person or persons, being duly summoned as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to appear and answer to any complaint or complaints made against him, her, or them, for any offence or offences committed by him, her, or them, against the said laws, statutes, rules, orders, and constitutions, or any of them, or against this act, it shall be lawful for the said mayor, recorder, aldermen, or justices respectively, in his or their respective jurisdictions as aforesaid, to issue his or their warrant or warrants for apprehending such waterman, wherryman, lighterman, or other person or persons, upon oath being made of the service of such summons, and to cause the party or parties so offending or misbehaving to be brought before him or them; and the party or parties accused being before such mayor, recorder, aldermen, or justices respectively, either by means of such summons, or of such warrant or warrants as aforesaid, he and they respectively is and are hereby authorised and required to examine upon oath the complainant, or any witness or witnesses, touching such offence or misbehaviour; and if the party or parties accused shall be convicted of any such offence or misbehaviour, either by his, her, or their own confession, or by the oath of the complainant, or of one or more credi*. ble witness or witnesses, it shall be lawful for such mayor, recorder, aldermen, and justices, or any one of them, to impose a fine upon such offender or offenders for the said offence, not exceeding the penalty or penalties instidted or to be inflicted by this act, or the said other laws and statutes, or the said rules, orders, and constitutions, made and to be made as aforesaid, or any of them: and if the person or persons so convicted shall not forthwith pay the penalty or forfeiture so imposed upon him, her, or them, it shall and maybe lawful for such mayor, recorder, aldermen, or justices respectively, to commit such person or persons so convicted to some prison within the said city, counties, and places respectively, there to remain for any lpace of time not exceeding one calendar month, unless such penalty or forfeiture shall be sooner paid.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no confta- Constables ble, or other officer, shall, by virtue of any such warrant, appre- utermer>e hend, or take any waterman, wherryman, or lighterman, out of &rC. out of any boat or craft which they respectively may happen to be on boats or craft board of, rowing, or navigating, until such boat or craft shall be unhl moored, safely moored, unless there shall be fufRcient hands on board to row or navigate or take care thereof; and notice of this provision Notice to be shall be inserted in every such warrant for the information of the ^rr!mtm constable, or other officer, who may have the execution thereof.^rran

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Power to if any person or persons shall refuse to pay any such waterman, or wherryman, watermen or wherrymen, the money justly due to fH\ Gf pay-him or them for carrying any such person or persons in his or ment of fares their boat or boats according to the rates now established, or appre-which shall hereafter be duly established, it shall be lawful for the said mayor, recorder, aldermen, or justices of the peace respectT ance^and Txa.

P p 4 tively, mine witnef-

576

fes on oath, and order payment, &c.

Persons refusing to pay fares, or to give their names and residence, or giving fictitious names o.r places of abode, may be punished by tine, &c.

Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 65. [1794.

tively, or any one or more of them, within whoie jurisdiction such refusal shall be made, upon complaint made of any such refusal, to summon stich person or persons to answer the said complaint, by causing such summons to be served personally, or by leaving the same at his, her, or their last: or usual place or respective places of abode; and if any person or persons, being duly lum-moned as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to appear and answer to any complaint or complaints made against him, her, or them, for refusing any such payment as lad herein-beforeds mentioned, it shall be lawful for the said mayor, recorder, aldermen, or judices respectively, or any one or more of them, in his or their respectlive jurisdictions as aforesaid, to issue his or their warrant or warrants for apprehending such person or persons, upon oath being made of such his, her, or their refusal as aforesaid, and service of such summons, and to cause the party or parties so offending to be brought before him or them; and the party or parties accused being before such mayor, recorder, aldermen, or judices respectively, either by means of such summons, or of such warrant or warrants, as lad herein-before mentioned, he and they respectively is and are hereby authorised and required, upon due proof made of such refusal of payment unto such waterman or wherryman, watermen or wherrymen, of the money j-uftly due to him or them for carrying the person or persons accused in his or their boat or boats, upon oath, or upon confedion of the party or parties, to order payment of such sum or sums of money, which such waterman or wherryman, watermen or wherrymen, shall appear to be entitled to; and also to award reasonable satisfaction to be made to him or them, for his or their loss of time and costs, in the discretion of the said mayor, recorder, aldermen, or judices respectively; and if the said person or persons so offending shall not pay such sum or sums of money, and make such reasonable satisfaction (if awarded) as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said mayor, recorder, aldermen, or justices respectively, to committhe person or persons so refusing to some prison within the city of London, and the said several counties and places adjoining to the said river of Thames, there to remain for any space of time not exceeding one calendar month, unless the said sum or sums of money, so ordered and awarded as aforesaid, shall be sooner paid,

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall refuse to pay any such waterman or wherryman, watermen or wherrymen, the money demanded by him or them for carrying any such person or persons in his or their boat or boats, and shall also refuse to give to such waterman or wherryman, watermen or wherrymen, upon demand, the name or names, and place or places of abode, of him, her, or them, so refusing, or instead thereof shall wilfully give any false or fictitious name or names, or place or places of abode, for the purpose of preventing him, her, or them, from being summoned as aforesaid* every person so refusing to make such payment, or to give his or her real name and place of abode as aforesaid, or so refusing payment, and giving such false or fictitious name or place of abode,

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 65. 577

shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay a penalty not exceeding five pounds, and such offender or offenders shall or may thereupon be summoned and otherwise proceeded against, not only for the recovery of the money juffly due to such waterman or wherryman, watermen or wherrymen, and reasonable Satisfaction for his or their loss of time and costs, but also for enforcing the payment of the penalty or forfeiture lass herein-before inflicted, in such and the same manner, in all respects, as is herein-before mentioned and directed, for the recovery of money due to any waterman or wherryman, for carrying any person in his boat, and of such reasonable Satisfaction as aforesaid.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Overseers or in case and when any waterman, wherryman, or lighterman, or ril)ers of the widow of any waterman, wherryman, or lighterman, shall company^o have cause of complaint against any other waterman, wherryman, heararU de-or lighterman, or the widow of any waterman, wherryman, or termine com lighterman, whether master, apprentice, or Servant, for any offence P^nts boor misbehaviour ao-ainst this act, or any of the Said other laws and

statutes, or of the said rules, orders, and comhtutions, made and watermen, to be made as aforesaid, and by such offence or misbehaviour, the waterman, wherryman, or iignterman, or such widow, So having cause of complaint, shall Suffer, or suppose bfrnfeif or herself to Suffer, any damage, injury, or ill treatment, it shall be lawful for the overseers and rulers for the time being of the said Society or company of watermen, wherrymen, and lightermen, or any two or more ofphem, (as well as for the said mayor, recorder, aldermen, and justices respectively hereby authorised as aforesaid), to hear and determine concerning any Such offence or misbehaviour, and cony id the offender as herein after is mentioned and di reded; that is to say. In every such case it shall be lawful for the said overseers or rulers, or any two or more of them, upon complaint made by any waterman, wherryman, or lighterman, or Such1 widow, of any Such offence or misbehaviour, within six days after die commission thereof, to cause the waterman, wherryman, or lighterman, or such widow, so offending, to be Summoned personally, or by leaving such Summons at his, her, or their, last or usual place of abode, to appear and answer the said complaint; and the party accused being before such two or more overseers or rulers, to hear and examine the complainant, or any witness or witnesses, touching such offence or misbehaviour, and determine concerning the same 3 and if the waterman, wherryman, or lighterman, or such widow, accused, shall be convicted of any such offence or misbehaviour, it shall be lawful for such overseers or rulers, or any two or more of them, to impose a fine upon such offender for the said offence or misbehaviour, not exceeding the penalty or penalties inflicted, or to be inflicted, by this act, or the said other laws and statutes, or the said rules, orders, and constitutions, made and to be made as aforesaid, or any of them 3 and if the waterman, wherryman, or lighterman, or Such widow, so convictedj '{hull pot forthwith pay the penalty or forfeiture io

imposed

imposed upon him, her, or them, it shall be lawful for the aforesaid mayor, recorder, aldermen, or justices respectively, within whose jurisdiction the said offence or misbehaviour shall have been committed, upon production to him or them respectively of such conviction, drawn up in writing in the form and manner herein after set forth, or to that effect, to issue his or their warrant or warrants for apprehending such waterman, wherryman, or lighterman, or such widow, and to cause him, her, or them, to be brought before the said mayor, recorder, aldermen, or justices respectively, or any of them; and upon being so brought, if the party so convicted shall not forthwith pay the penalty or forfeiture lo imposed upon him, her, or them, it shall be lawful for such mayor, recorder, aldermen, or justices respectively, to commit such waterman, wherryman, or lighterman, or such widow, so convicted, to some prison within the said city, counties, and places respectively, there to remain for any space of time not exceeding one calendar month, unless such penalty or forfeiture shall be sooner paid.

Form of conviction by the rulers.

To wit.

BE it remembered, That on this day of

in the year of his

Majestys reign, A.B. is convicted before us,

two of the rulers of the society or company of watermen, wherrymen, and lightermen, for (here set forth the offence)

and we do adjudge him to pay and forfeit for the same the sum of

Given under our hands and seals the day and year aforesaid.

X. Provided always nevertheless, That the jurisdiction or authority so hereby given to the said overseers or rulers shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to the conviction of any offender who shall not be a waterman, wherryman, or lighterman, or the apprentice or servant of a waterman, wherryman, or lighterman, or duly authorised by law to act as such; nor to any case in which the person sustaining damage, injury, or ill treatment, by such offence or misbehaviour, or the person complaining thereof as aforesaid, shall not be a waterman, wherryman, or lighterman, or the apprentice or servant of a waterman, wherryman, or lighterman, or so duly authorised as last mentioned.

XL. And whereas apprentices to watermen, wherrymen, and lightermen^ or to the widozvs of watermen, wherrymen, or lightermen, may probably be sometimes respectively imprisoned in consequence of offences against this act, or against some of the laws, statutes, rules, orders, or constitutions aforesaid, and during such imprisonment their masters or mflreffes respectively will be deprived of the benefit of theirfervkes, and such apprentices so imprisoned will be preve?ited from improving in their bufeness; be it therefore further enacted by the authority Apprenticesto aforesaid, That every such apprentice, who shall be imprisoned terve in addi- for

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 65. 579

for any offence against this act, or against any of the laws, tion to the statutes, rules, orders, and constitutions, made and to be made as aforesaid, shall serve as an apprentice to his then matter or bound the mistress, his or her executors, administrators, or assigns, not space of time only till the expiration of the term for which such apprentice they shall be ought to serve according to the laws and customs alrdidy existing, fespectively and any agreement which may have been made in that behalf, impn on but also for and during such further space of time, to be computed from the end of the said term, as shall be equal in extent or duration to the time during which such apprentice shall have been so imprisoned as aforesaid: and that no such apprentice shall be considered as having served a legal apprenticeship, or entitled to the privileges and benefits of serving an apprenticeship, unless and until he shall have actually and bona fide served such further space of time, according to the true intent and meaning of these presents; any agreement concerning such apprenticeship, or any law, usage, or cuttom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Mayor, alder-in every case in which any oath is by this ail directed to be made ma/

or taken, the said mayor, recorder, aldermen, and justices re- oaths &c. spectively, before whom such oath is hereby directed to be made or taken, shall have full power to administer and take the same, or instead thereof, a solemn affirmation by any of the people called Quakers, as the case may require; and that the mayor, recorder, How mayor, aldermen, or justices reflectively, before whom any person shall aldermen, &c. be convicted in manner prescribed by this act, shall cause such

respecttive conviction to be drawn up in the form or to the effect SIl1, ?01 following; (that is to say),

7 TJE it remembered, That on this day of Formofcon-

To wit. I JO in the year of his yitfionbythe

Mayefly's reign, A.B. is convi61 edbefore ?ne lees*

n one of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the city, county, or place,

(as the case shall happen to be), for (here set forth the offence) and I do adjudge him to pay and forfeit for the same the flush of being the penalty

by him forfeited; and also the sum of for loss of time and costs, (if awarded as the case shall happen to be). Given under my hand and seal, or our hands and seals, the day and year aforesaid.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Application of all penalties and forfeitures which shall be levied or recovered and penalties and received, in pursuance and by virtue of this act, shall be paid to for ei ures* the rulers and overseers of the said company, or the major part of them, for the time being, within one calendar month after the same shall be levied, and shall be by them paid and distributed to the poor aged and decayed freemen of the said company and their widows, saving only that it shall be lawful for the said mayor,

recorder

Persons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter sessions.

Proceedings not to be quashed for want of form

nor removeable by certiorari.

Limitation of actions.

Actions for things done in pursuance of this act, to be brought within three months, and the persons

recorder, aldermen, or justices respectively, before whom any offender or offenders shall be convicted, out of the said forfeitures and penalties, to reward any person or persons who shall inform of any offence or offences against this act, according to the discretion of such mayor, recorder, aldermen or justices respectively, so as such reward exceed not one moiety or half part of the respective penalties or forfeitures.

XIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves, aggrieved by the order or judgment of the said mayor, recorder, aldermen, or justices of the peace, or overseers or rulers respectively, on account of any offence committed, or supposed to be committed against this act, or against any of such rules, orders, and constitutions, as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for such person or persons to appeal to the next general or quarter sessions of the peace to be holden for the county, city, or place, where any such conviction shall be made, the person or persons, at the time of conviction, entering into a recognizance, with one surety, in the sum of twenty pounds, to prosecute such appeal with effect, and to abide by the order or orders which shall be made on such appeal; and the justices in the fahk general or quarter sessions are hereby authorised to hear and-determine every such appeal, and to make such order therein, and to award such costs, as to them shall appear to be just and reasonable, and to cause to be levied, under the order of any such sessions, the costs which shall be awarded, together with such sum of money as any such court of sessions, on the hearing any such appeal, shall adjudge to be forfeited, by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of the person who shall refuse to pay such costs and sums of money forfeited, or of the person or persons who shall have been surety or sureties for him as aforesaid.

XV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no order or proceedings, to be made or had by or before the said mayor, recorder, aldermen, justices, or overseers or rulers respectively, by virtue of this act, shall be quashed or vacated for want of form; and that the order of the justices at their general or quarter sessions, within their several jurisdictions, shall be final; and that no proceedings of the said mayor, recorder, aldermen, or justices respectively, out of sessions, or in their general quarter sessions, in pursuance of this act, shall be removeable by certiorari or other wise.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no person shall be punished for any offence against this act, unless such person shall be prosecuted for the same within six days after the offence committed.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any abl ion or suit shall be commenced or prosecuted against any person or persons for any thing done in pursuance of this act, it shall be brought or commenced within three calendar months next after every such cause of ablion shall have accrued, and not afterwards, and shall be brought, laid, and tried, in the county, city, or place, in which the cause of ablion. shall have

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 65. 5Sr

arisen, and not e He where; and the defendant or defendants in such sued may action or suit may plead the general iHue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence, at any trial or trials which shall be had thereon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by authority of this act; and if the same shall appear to have been so "done, or if any such action or suit shall not be commenced within the time )aft before limited, or shall be laid or brought in any other county, city, or place, than where the cause of action shall have arisen, then, and in any of such cases, the jury or juries shall find for the defendant or defendants; or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or shall discontinue his action or actions, or if judgment shall be given for the defendant or defendants therein, then, and in any of the cases aforesaid, such defendant or defendants shall have double costs, and shall have such-remedy for reco- Doublecofrs, vering the same as any defendant or defendants hath or may have for his or their costs in any other cases by law.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Clause in That the statute made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for the e*|4t^j uft]ct.s rendering the justices of the peace more safe in the execution of their acting under office, and for indemnifying constables and others aftin-g in obedience to this act. their warrant, so far as the said act relates to the rendering the justices more safe in the execution of their office, shall extend,

and be construed to extend, to the said mayor, recorder, aldermen, and justices of the peace respectively, acting under the authority or in execution of this act; and no action or suit shall be Notice to be had or commenced against, or writ issued out, or copy of writ S, ven to pea e

served upon, any peace officer or officers, for any thin^r done in 0^icers before

1 ? j 1 t com it! t n c j n t-

the execution of this act, until notice in writing shall have been ppt ainil '

given to him or them, or left at his or their usual place of abode, him.

by the attorney for the party commencing such action, or suing out or serving the copy of the said writ; which said notice in writing shall contain the name and place of abode of the person who is to bring such action, together with the cause of action or complaint, and the name and place of abode of the said attorney shall be underwrote or indorsed thereon; and any peace officer or officers shall be at liberty, and may, by virtue of this act, at any {^Tnade^b/

time within fourteen days after such notice, tender or cause to be hdn,

tendered any sum or Anns of money, as amends for the injury

complained of, to the party complaining, or to the said attorney;

and if the same is not accepted, the defendant or defendants in such action or actions may plead such tender in bar of such action or actions, together with the general issue, or any other plea, with leave of the court; and if, upon issue joined upon such tender, the jury shall find the amends tendered to have been sufficient, the said

jury shall find a verdict for the defendant or defendants; and in and pleaded

such case, or if the plaintiff shall become nonsuit, or discontinue his action, or if judgment shall be given for the defendant or defendants, upon demurrer, the defendant or defendants shall be entitled to his and their costs; and if the jury shall find that no or

such tender was made, or that the amends tendered were not suffi- tender 'has

cient, been made.

2 verdict recover.

to

A# not to abridge the late duke of Richmond's tight of holding a court in Grave fend, &c called Curia cursus aquse.

582 Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 65. [1794.

plaintiff, upon cient, and also shall find against the defendant or defendants on such other plea or pleas by them pleacted, the said jury shall give a verdict for the plaintiff*, and such damages as they shall think: proper, for which the plaintiff shall have judgment, together with his, her, or their full colls.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this act, or any thing herein contained, shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to the lessening, taking away, abridging, hindering, prejudicing, or otherwise howsoever impeaching, of any right belonging to or lawfully claimed by the late Charles duke of Richmond and Lennox, lord of the manor of Gravesend, his heirs, executors, administrators, or assigns, for the holding a certain court within the said manor called (Curia cursus aqu<z), or The Court of the Water Course, for the better government of barges, boats, and vessels, using the ferry or passage from the town of Gravesend to London, and of the persons owning or working the same, or of any other rights, liberties, powers, and privileges whatsoever, belonging to the said late duke, his heirs, executors, administrators and assigns, relating to the said ferry or passage, or to the barges, tilt-boats, or other boats and vessels, using the said ferry or passage, or plying at the bridge of the said town of Gravesend, or the persons owning or working the same, or otherwise howsoever.

XX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That this act, or any thing herein contained, shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to the lessening, taking away, abridging, hindering, prejudicing, or impeaching, of any grants, liberties, franchises, culloms, privileges, or usages, now or heretofore lawfully used, held, or enjoyed, by the mayor, jurats, and capital inhabitants of the villages and parishes of Gravesend and Milton, in the county of Kent, touching, concerning, or relating to the passage and ferry upon the said river of Thames, from the said villages and parishes of Gravesend and Milton to the said city of London, or touching or concerning the government or gubernation of the said passage or ferry; but that the said mayor, jurats, and inhabitants, and their successors, shall and may do and execute all and every such lawful act and acts, powers, and authorities, touching the said passage and ferry, and the government thereof, as they might or could have done if this act had not been made; any thing herein Contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Not to abridge

XXI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing t|je powers of in tjqs aiq contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to abridge or alter any of the powers or authorities vested in the Trinity-house, mailer, wardens, and afflflants of the Trinity-House, Deptford inlicenfing Strond, in and by an act of parliament, 'made and passed in the

manners. eighth year of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled An act concerning sea marks and mariners; nor shall any mariner or mariners, licensed or to be licensed by the said mailer, wardens, and assistants, to row or use any boat or wherry on the said river Thames^ or any of the men employed by the said mailer, wardens,

or

Nor to lessen Sec. the liberties, See. of the inhabitants of Gravesend, relating to the ferry from Gravesend to London^ &c.

68. 583

Not to affect the present laws, unless hereby expressly altered or repealed.

Persons convicted under this act not to be otherwise punished.

Offenders not to be twice punished for the same offence.

[Publick act.]

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 66 

or assistants, in rowing or using any ballast lighters or boats on the said river, be fuhjef by reason of any matter, clause, or thing herein contained, to the rules, order, or government, of the said mayor and aldermen.

XXII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That all clauses, provisoes, and exceptions, contained in the several laws now in being, for regulating watermen, wherrymen, and lightermen, or any of them, and not hereby expressly repealed or altered, shall be of such and the same force and effect as they were before the making of this aL

XXIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That any person, convicted of any offence against this act, and who shall suffer for the same accordingly, shall not be otherwise punished, or suffer for such offence, by virtue of the said before-mentioned laws, or any other statute of this realm, or of such present or future rffes, orders, and constitutions as aforesaid, or any of them; and that no offender against the said laws, statutes, rules, orders, and constitutions, or any of them, shall be twice punished for one and the same offence.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall be deemed and taken to be a publick act; and be judicially taken notice of as such, by all judges, justices, and other persons, without the same being specially pleaded.

CAP. LXVI.

An act to enable the lords commissioners of his Majesty's treasury to ascertain what sum shall be paid into his Majesty's exchequer, in full satisfaction of the debt due on the mortgage made by the late John Gardner Kemeys esq; in trust for the late right honourable Richard Rigby, in case it shall appear to the said lords of that it will be necessary to resort to the mortgaged premises, in order to recover the balance due from the said Richard Rigby to his Majesty.

[May 23, 1794.]

CAP. LXVII.

An act for vesting in John Wilkinson esq; in trust for the assignees of Joseph Freeman and Thomas Grace, a messuage and other hereditaments, in St. James's square, purchased by the said Joseph Freeman, of Matthias dc Gandafequi, an alien; and for discharging the same from the right of the crown, in respect of the alienage.

[May 23, 1794.]

CAP. LXVIII.

An act for the further encouragement of British mariners; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

[June 11, 1794.]

WHEREAS by an act passed in the twelfth year of the reign Preamble, of his late majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An act for the encouraging and increasing of shipping and navigation, c#

and by several subsequent acts, British flips importing goods of the growth, production, or manufacture of Asia, Africa, or America, are required to be navigated with a maser and three fourths of the mariners British subjects; and the like flips, importing certain goods particularly enumerated and described in the said acts, are required to be in like manner navigated, under the penalty of forfeiture of all such

12 Car. 8.

5S4

After six months from

Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 68. [1794.

goods as shall be loaden and carried in any such ship or vessel, with the Jh[p or vessel, and all her guns, ammunition, tackle, and apparel: and whereas the safety and strength of this realm greatly depend on the giving all possible encouragement to the training up and employment tf/'British mariners, and it is therefore expedient that all British ships and vessels jhoidd be required to be navigated in such manner as will left tend to promote that important object; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the expiration of six months from the con-the concVulion elusion of the present war, to be notified in manner herein after of the pretent mentioned, no goods, wares, or merchandize whatever, shall be war, no goods, imported or brought into any port or place in the kingdom of ^orted into" Great Britain, or in the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, Great Britain, or Man, on board any ship or vessel which is or shall be re-&c. giftered, or which by law is or shall be required to be registered

as a British ship or vessel, unless such ship or vessel shall be navigated by a mailer and three fourths, at least, of the mariners British subjects.

11 or Shorn And ^ur^ier ena^ec^ by the "authority aforesaid, That, thence hi lm from and after the expiration of six months from the conclusion British vessels,

ui'nets the maRer and three fourths of the crew are British subjects

nor any such vessels registered in Ore; Britain, See. to be other-

but as herein provided

of the present war, to be notified in manner herein after mentioned, no goods, wares, or merchandize whatever, shall be exported, or shipped for the purpose of exportation, from any port or place in the kingdom of Great Britain, or the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, on board any such ship or vessel as aforesaid, unless such ship or vessel shall be navigated by a mailer and three fourths, at lead, of the mariners British subjects.

III. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the ex^ t piration of six months from the conclusion of the present war, to

be notified in manner herein after mentioned, no ship or vessel which is or shall be registered, or which by law is or shall be re-lu^re^ to be registered as a British ship or vessel in any of the ports of Great Britain, Guernsey, Jersey, or The Isle of Man, or of any of the colonies, plantations, islands, or territories, belonging, or which may hereafter belong, to his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, shall be navigated but by a master and three fourths, at least, of the mariners British subjects, except as is herein after provided.

IV. And whereas by the laws noiv in force [hips or vessels employed in carrying any goods or things whatever from one port or Creek of Great Britain, or of the islands cfG uernfey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, to another port or creek of the fa?ne, or of any of them, are required to be navigated with a ma/ler and three fourths of the mariners, at leaf, British subjects, under the penalty of forfeiture of all such goods as shall be loaden and carried in any such ship or vessel, with the ship or vessel, and all her guns, a?n?nunition, tackle, and apparel: and whereas it is expedient that all ships or vessels so employed, or failing in ballast from 'One of the said ports or creeks to another, should be manned with, and navigated wholly andfolely by, British subjects; he

it

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 68. 585

it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from No goods to

and after six months from the conclusion of the present war, to ?e carne, r. r. r t from one place

be notified in manner herein-arter mentioned, no goods, wares, to another in

or merchandizes whatever, shall be carried from any one port, Great Britain,

member, or creek, or place, of Great Britain, or of the islands of &c* nor any

Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, to any other port, mem- j^ballast nor

ber, creek, or place, of the same, or of any of them, in any such^or

ship or vessel j nor shall any such ship or vessel be permitted to fail coasts, unless

in ballatt from one of the said ports or creeks to another, nor shall wholly man-

any British ship or vessel be permitted to fail from the ports or P-n?r ^5ru

coasts'of this kingdom, or of the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Al- 1 u Je '

derney, Sark, or Man, to be employed in fishing on the said coasts,

unless such ship or vessel shall respectively be wholly and solely

manned with, and navigated by, a matter and mariners all British subjects: provided always, That it shall and may be lawful for Commission-

four or more of the commissioners of his Majesty's customs in ersofthecuf-

England, and for three or more of the commissioners of his Ma- th^vef311*

jetty's customs in Scotland respectively, by licence under their fe|s to have

hands, for which no fee shall be taken, to authorise any such ship foreign ma-

or vessel employed in fishing on the coast of Great Britain, or of riners to in-

the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, to have British

ii f'r.1 r r'ones in tiiti-

on board any foreign mariner or mariners, for the purpose of in- ing.

structing the British mariners in such ship or vessel in the art of

fishing, or taking or curing fish, such foreign mariner or mariners

not exceeding one fourth of the number of mariners on board

such ship or vessel.

V. And be it further enacted, That where it is required by Proportions this or any other act that the matter, and the whole or any pro- of British portion of the mariners, of any ship or vessel shall be British subjects, the true intent and meaning is, that the matter, and the whole voyage whole or such proportions shall be Briti/Jo subjects during the unless in cer-whole voyage, unless in case of sickness, death, desertion* or of the tain cafcs-whole or part of the crew being taken prisoners in the voyage* and in such case the matter, or other person having the charge or command of such ship or vessel, shall specify the same in his report: provided also, That nothing in this act contained shall ex- aq nof-tend, or be construed to extend, to alter, or in anywise afsect, any alter any reregulation for navigating or manning of ships employed in any of Stations for the hfheries carried on from this kingdom, or any part of his '^orifion^as Majesty's dominions, for which any special provision has been {, een made. made by any act or acts in force before the commencement of this act.

VI. And, to prevent all doubts ref petting the various terms made use of in the several laws of navigation with respect to who are to he deemed and taken to he qualified to be masters of British ships, or to he British sailors, seamen, or mariners' be it declared and enacted.

That no person shall from henceforth be deemed and taken to Who shall be foe qualified to be the matter of a British ship, or to be a British deemed Bri-sailor, seaman, or mariner, within the intent and meaning of this ttih teamen, adt5 or of any other act now in force, except the natural-born subjects of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, or persons na-Vox>, XXXIX. Q^q turahzed

Foreign Teamen serving three years in the navy in time of war may be employed as matters or British Teamen on certificate of their service, &e.

No person who has taken

Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 68. [1794.

turalized by or by virtue of any act of parliament, or made denizens by letters of denization, or except persons who have become his Majesty's subjects by virtue of conquest or cession of some newly acquired country, and who shall have taken the oath of allegiance to his Majesty, or the oath of fidelity required by the treaty or capitulation by which such newly acquired country came into his Majesty's possession, except as is herein after provided.

VII. And whereas it is expedient that foreigners who have served or shall serve faithfully on board his Majesty's ships of war in the present or any future war for the time and in the manner herein after mentioned, should be declared to be British sailors^seamen, or mariners, within the intent and meaning of the lavas of navigation under certain regulations; be it further enacted, That every foreign sailor, lea-man, or mariner, who shall have served, or who shall serve, on board any of his Majesty's ships or vefills of war, in time of war, for and during the space of three years, either in one and the same Thip or vessel, or in different ships or vessels, and who shall have obtained a certificate or certificates from the captain or commander, captains or commanders, of such ships or vessels on board of which he shall have so served, or in case of the death of such captain or commander, then upon the certificate of the officer then living who shall have been next in rank to such cap-.tain or commander, testifying that he has so served, and testifying his faithful service and good behaviour during the time of such service, and who shall also have taken the oath of allegiance to his Majesty before some justice of the peace or principal magistrate of some city or town in his Majesty's dominions, or before the principal officer of his Majesty's customs in any port of his Majesty's dominions, which oath they are respectively hereby authorised to administer, and who shall obtain a certificate from such justice of the peace, principal magistrate, or chief officer, of his having taken such oath, which certificate they are hereby authorised and required to give upon the payment of no greater fee than that of one shilling, shall, from and after the conclusion of the present war, be entitled to be employed as a master of a British ship or vessel, or as a British sailor, seaman, or mariner, on board any British ship or vessel, within the intent and meaning of this aiSf, or any of the laws now in force: provided always, That no such foreigner shall be entitled to become the matter of any British ship or vessel, or to be employed as a British sailor, seaman, or mariner, unless he shall have delivered the before-mentioned certificate or certificates of the time he shall have served, and of his faithful service and good behaviour, and the before-mentioned certificate of his so having taken the oath of allegiance to the collector or other chief officer of his Majesty's customs in the port of London, or in the ports of Chatham, Portsmouth, or Plymouth, to be filed by such collector or other chief officer of the customs, who are hereby required to deliver to such foreign sailor, seaman, or mariner, an attested copy thereof, upon paying the fee of one shilling, and no more.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no person who

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 68. 587

is or shall become qualified to be the master of a British ship or an oath of al-vessel, or to be a British Tailor, Teaman, or mariner, by birth, na- ^egia^ce.to turalization, denization, conquest, or Tervice, in manner herein- stale, except before mentioned, and who has taken or shall take any oath of in certain allegiance to any foreign sovereign or state whatsoever, for any cases, to be purpose whatsoever, except under the terms of Tome capitulation smaller or upon the conquest of any of the dominions of his Majesty, his gritish sea* heirs or successors, by any enemy or enemies, and for the purpose man. of obtaining the benefit of such capitulation only, shall be deemed and taken to be qualified to be the master of a British ship or vessel, or a British sailor, Teaman, or mariner, within the intent and meaning of any of the laws of navigation, unless such person shall have taken such oath of allegiance before he became so qualified; and any person who shall, after having become dif- Penalty on qualified by taking such oath of allegiance as aforesaid, take the disqualified. charge or command of any British ship or vessel, as master or personsacting. commander thereof, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds; and every person who shall, after having become so disqualified as aforesaid, engage to serve as a British sailor, Teaman, or mariner, on board any such ship or vessel, shall forfeit and pay for every such offence the Turn of ten pounds; such forfeitures respectively to be recovered upon conviction before a justice of the peace, if such offence shall be committed in Great Britain, and before any member of the supreme court of justice, or any justice of the peace, if such offence shall be committed in the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, or Man, or in any colony, plantation, istand, or territory, to his Majesty belonging in America: provided also, That no ship or vessel, on board whereof any Vessels not to person who is so disqualified shall be employed as master or com- be forfeited if mander, shall be forfeited by reason thereof, if the owner or owners the disquali-of such ship or vessel shall shew that such disqualification of such persons was master or commander was unknown to such owner or owners unknown to respectively, or to his, her, or their agent or agents, and that the owners, such disqualification of such sailor, Teaman, or mariner, was unknown to such owner or owners respectvely, or to his agent or agents, and to the master or commander of such ship or vessel at the time of engaging such person so disqualified to serve on board such ship or vessel: provided always, That in the navigation on In America the Teas of America and the TV eft Indies, from any port of America in<}. the West and the West Indies to any port of America and the West Indies, thelealtvvmi any negroes belonging to any person or persons being or having of the Cape

Hope to any other port to the eastward of the Gape of Good Hope, heretofore, lafears and other natives of any of the countries to the eastward of the Cape of Good Hope may be employed as British Tailors, Teamen, or mariners, in manner heretofore praefifed: provided never- No negro of a theless, That no negro belonging to any person who has become colony late a fuhjeiPc of his Majesty, in manner before described, in any of the islands or colonies late under the dominion of his most Christran French king

Q.q Majesty, to he employ-

ed as a seaman

become nis Majesty s luojects in manner aforesaid, and with the otoooodrtop qualifications aforesaid, and in the seas^to the eastward of the Cape negroes, fc. of Good Hobe. from any oort to the eastward of the Cabs of Good e Lrn-

5s8

unless the conditions of 34 Geo. 3. c. 42. be complied with.

Act not to affect any proclamation under 13 Geo 2. c. 3.

Goods imported, Szc. contrary to this act to be forfeited with the vessels,

8-YC.

By whom goods, Szc. forfeited may be seized, and how forfeitures may be sued for and how applied.

Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 68. [1794.

Majesty, shall be entitled to be employed in manner before- as a British sailor, seaman, or mariner, unless all the conditions required by an act passed in the present session of parliament, intituled An act for granting to foreign ships put under his Majesty's protection, the privileges of prize flips, under certain regulations and restrictions; for allowing aliens in foreign colonies surrendered to his Majesty, to exercise the occupations of merchants or factors; and for repealing an act passed in the twelfth year of the reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An act for granting a liberty to carry sugars, of the growth, produce, or manufacture, of any of his Majestf s sugar colonies in America, from the said colonies directly to foreign parts, in ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to laiv f and also jo much of an act passed in the fifteenth year of the reign of his late Majesty, as amends the said act; shall have been complied with so long as the said act shall continue in force.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this act contained shall extend to take away or restrain the effedd of any such proclamation as his Majesty, his heirs or successors, are impowered to make by virtue of an act passed in the thirteenth year of his late Majesty's reign, intituled An act for the better ftp-ply of mariners and seamen to serve in his Majesty's ships of war, and on board merchant flips, and other trading ships and privateers,

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any goods, wares, or merchandize whatever, shall be imported or brought, exported or carried coastwise, contrary to the provisions of this adh, or any of them, all such goods, wares, and merchandize, and also the ship or vessel in which the same shall be so imported or brought, exported or carried coastwise, with all her guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel, shall be forfeited!; and also if any ship or vessel shall fail in ball aft, or shall fail to be employed in fishing on the coast in manner herein-before mentioned, or being required to be manned and navigated with a maker and a certain proportion of British mariners in manner herein-before directed, shall not be manned and navigated according to the provisions of this act, such ship or vessel, with all her guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel, and all the goods, wares, and merchandize, on board the same, shall be forfeited.

XL. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every the goods, wares, or merchandize, and all ships or vessels forfeited by this act, may and shall be seized by the commander or commanders of any or his Majesty's ships of war, or any commissioned, warrant, or petty officer, specially appointed by him or them, or by any officer or officers of his Majesty's customs 3 and that every forfeiture incurred by this act, and whereof the recovery is not specially provided for by this act, may and shall respectively be sued for, prosecuted, and recovered, in such courts, and by such and the like ways, means, and methods, and the produce thereof respectively disposea of and applied in such and the like manner, and to such and the like uses and purposes, as any forfeiture incurred by any law respecting the revenue of customs

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 68. 589

may now be sued for, prosecuted, or recovered, disposed of, and applied, either in this kingdom, or in the islands of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, or in any of his Majesty's other dominions in or out of Europe respectively, as the case may happen to be.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority On produce

aforesaid, That in case any British ship or veil'd shall be found at tion of certi-

sea, having on board a greater number of foreign mariners than necessit^of'

is allowed by this act, or any law now in force, or hereafter to be engaging fG.

made, and the master of such ship or veil'd shall produce a certi- reign mari-

ficate of the actual necessity of engaging such foreign mariners in pers, no vef-

some foreign port, by occasion of the sickness, death, or desertion, ^ained^>ut

of the like number of British mariners, or of the same having tj'e persong

been taken prisoners during his voyage, and that Brit if mariners authorised to

could not be engaged at such foreign port to supply their room, make Seizures

and that, for the safe navigation of such ship or vessel, it became toiT?orfe the 7 o l j certificates for

necessary to engage and employ such foreign mariners, under the the considera-

hand of his Majesty's consul at the foreign port where the said tion of the

foreign mariners were so engaged, or if there is not any such of

consul there, under the hands of two known British merchants tcuftins-

at such foreign port, it shall not be lawful for any of the persons authorised by this act to make seizures of ships or vessels navigated contrary to the directions of this act, to stop or detain any such

ship or vessel so found at sea, or to hinder her from proceeding pa

her voyage, but such persons shall, and are hereby required to indorse the certificate so produced, testifying the production thereof, and when and where met with at sea, and that the number of foreign mariners correspond with the certificate of such British

consul, or such known British merchants, for the confederation

and inyeficigation of the commissioners of his Majesty's customs

in England and Scotland respectively.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That for the purposes of this Notification ad, the conclusion of the present war shall be holden to be from in the Gazette the time that the same shall be notified by proclamation or order to oe deemed of his Majesty in council, to be published in The London Gazette, o/the^var.1

XIV. And whereas, by an adt3 passed In the twenty-six th year of his Majesys reign, intituled An act for the further increase and en-6 Geo. 3. couragement of shipping 2nd navigation, it is3 amongst other things, ^n(^0, recite^> enabled, That when and so often as the property in any ship or vessel

belonging to any of his Ma 'jeff s subjects shall be transferred to any other or others of his Majests subjects, in whole or in part, the certificate of the regijlry of such ftp or vessel shall be truly and accurately recited in words at length, in the bill or other instrument of sale \

thereof \ and that otherwise such bill of sale shall be utterly nidi and void, to all intents and purposes: and whereas doubts have arisen whether, by the said provision3 every transfer of property in any ship of vessel is required to be made by some billy or other instrument in writings and whether contracts or agreements for the transfer of such property may not be made without any instrument in writing; be it enacted, That no transfer, contract or agreement for transfer, of after Jan. 1,

property, in any ship or vessel, made, or intended to be made, 1795

Q^q 3 afte.

transfer of

On alteration of property in vessels in the port to which they belong, after Jan. i, 1795, the indorsement to be made in a certain form, &c.

590 Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 68. [1794.

property in after the first day of January one thousand seven hundred and bevalid unless n^nety-five^ shall valid or effectual for any purpose whatsoever, made agree- either in law or in equity, unless such transfer, or contradf or ably thereto, agreement for transfer, of property, in such ship or vessel, shall be^by bill of sale or instrument in writing, containing such re-

/t) -^c 01)- iZrr^.cital as prescribed by the said recited act.

XV. And whereas, by the laws now in force, upon any alteration*of property in any ship or vessel in the same port to which such ship or vessel belongs, an indorsement upon the certificate of registry is required to be ?nade; be it enacted, That such indorsement shall, from and after the first: day of January one thousandj seven hundred and ninety-five, be made in the manner and form herein after expressed, and shall be signed by the person or persons transferring the property of the said ship or vessel, by sale, or contract or agreement for sale thereof, or by some person legally authorised for that purpose by him, her, or them, and a copy of such indorsement shall be delivered to the person or persons authorised to make registry, and grant certificates of registry, otherwise such sale, or contract or agreement for the sale thereof, shall be utterly null and void, to all intents and purposes whatsoever; and such person or persons so authorised to make registry, and grant certificates of registry, are hereby required to cause an entry thereof to be indorsed on the oath or affidavit upon which the original certificate of registry of such ship or vessel was obtained, and shall also make a memorandum of the same in the book of registry, and shall forthwith give notice thereof to the commissioners of his Majesty's customs in England and Scotland, under whom they respectively act:

Form of Indorsement on Change of Property.

T)E it remembered, That [/or we) [names, residence, and occupation, of the persons felling] have this day fold and transferred all [my or our] right, share, or interest, in and to the ship or vessel [name of the ship or vessel], mentioned in the within certificate of regifiery, unto [names, residence, and occupation, of the purchasers]. JVitness \jny or our hand or hands] this [date in words at full length.]

Signed in the presence of

[two witnesses].

Form of indorsement.

If vessels be

XVI. Provided always, That if any ship or vessel shall be at absent from sea, or absent from the port to which (he belongs, at the time which when such alteration in the property thereof shall be made as

belong, when aforesaid, so that an indorsement or certificate cannot be imme-altcration in diately made, the sale, or contract or agreement for the sale the property thereof, shall notwithstanding be made by a bill of sale or other the^fde shall^n^trument writing as before directed, and a copy of such bill still be made of or other instrument in writing, shall be delivered, and an as before di- entry thereof shall be indorsed on the oath or affidavit, and a me-reded, See. morandum thereof shall be made in the book of registers, and notice of the same shall be given to the commissioners of the customs, in the manner herein-before directed j ^nd within ten

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 68.

days after such ship or vessel shall return to the port to which she belongs, an indorsement shall be made and signed by the owner or owners, or some person legally authorised for that purpose by him, her, or them, and a copy thereof shall be delivered in manner herein-before mentioned, otherwise such bill of sale, or contract or agreement for sale thereof, shall be utterly null and void, to all intents and purposes whatsoever, and entry thereof shall be indorsed, and a memoradum thereof made, in the manner herein-before directed.

XVII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That in all cases where the owner or owners of any ship or vessel shall reiide in any country not under the dominion of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, as member or members of some Britishfactory, or agent or agents for, or partner or partners in, any house or co-partnership actually carrying on trade in Great Britain or Ireland at the time when he, she, or they shall transfer such property in any ship or vessel, so that an indorsement cannot be made immediately, nor a copy of such bill of sale, or other instrument in writing, be delivered, nor an entry thereof indorsed on the oath or affidavit, nor a memorandum thereof made in the book of registers, nor notice of the same given to the commissioners of the customs, in the manner before-mentioned, the same may be done at any time within six months after such transfer shall have been made, and that within ten days after, such owner or owners, or some person legally authorised for that purpose by him, her, or them, shall arrive in this kingdom, if such ship or vessel shall then be in any port of this kingdom, and if not, then within ten days after such ship or vessel shall so arrive, an indorsement shall be made by the owner or owners, or some person legally authorised for that purpose by him, her, or them, and a copy thereof shall be delivered in manner herein-before mentioned, otherwise such bill of sale, or contraCb or agreement for sale thereof, shall be utterly null and void, to all intents and purposes whatsoever, and entry thereof shall be indorsed, and a memorandum thereof made, in the manner hereinbefore directed.

XVIII. And whereas, by an act passed in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act more effectually to secure the performance of quarantine, and for amending several laws relating to the revenue of customs, certain provisons were, amongst other things, made to prevent the masters of ships or vessels from wilfully and mail cionfy detaining and refusing to deliver up the certificates of ships regijlry, to the prejudice of the owners of such ships or vessels: and whereas the good purposes intended by those provisons have not been effected; and it is therefore expedient to make further provisons for preventing the rnafers of'ships or vessels from withholding certificates of regijlry, to the prejudice of the owners of such flips or vessels: be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case the matter of any ship or vessel, who shall have received the certificate of the registry thereof, (whether such matter shall be a part owner or not), shall wilfully detain and refuse to deliver vp she same to the proper officers impowered to make registry

Regulations for transfer of property where owners re side in any country not under thedo-minion of his Majesty.

28 Geo. 3. c. 34.

Mode of proceedings when matters withhold certificates of registry.

Penalty for

withholding

certificates.

591 Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 68. [1794.

and grant a certificate thereof, on the owner or owners, or the major part of the owners, of such ship or vessel, if such mailer has not any property therein, or on the other owner or owners, or the major part of the other owners, of such ship or vessel, if such mailer hath any share or property therein, requiring him so to do, it may and shall be lawful to and for the owner or owners, or the major part of the owners, of such ship or vessel, the certificate of registry of which shall be detained and refused to be delivered up as aforesaid, to make complaint on oath against the master of the ship or vessel who shall so detain and refuse to deliver up the same, of such detainer and refusal, to any justice of the peace residing near to the place where such detainer and refusal shall be in Great Britain, or to any member of the supreme court of justice, or any justice of the peace in the islands of Jersey^ Guernsey, or Man^ or in any colony, plantation, island, or territory, to his Majesty belonging in America or the West Indies, where such detainer and refusal shall be in any of the places last mentioned, and on such complaint the said justice or other magistrate shall, and is hereby required, by warrant under his hand and seal, to cause such master to be brought before him, to be examined touching such detainer and refusal; and if it shall appear to the said justice or other magistrate, on examination of the master, or otherwise, that the said certificate of registry is not lost or mislaid, but is wilfully detained by the said master, such master shall be thereof convicted, and shall forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds, and on failure of payment thereof, he shall be committed to the common gaol, there to remain, without bail or mainprize, for such time as the said justice or other magistrate shall in his discretion deem proper, not being less than six months, nor more than twelve months.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the said justice or other magistrate shall, and he is hereby required to certify the aforesaid detainer, refusal, and conviction, to the person or persons who

wh^cf^redftry rante<^ certificate of registry for such ship or vessel, who maybe made* on the terms and conditions of law being complied with,

de novo. make registry of such ship or vessel de novo, and grant a certificate thereof conformably to law, notifying on the back of such certificate the ground upon which the ship or vessel was so registered de novo.

XX. And whereas it is expedient that the officers impovoered to make regifry of ships and vessels, and to grant certificates thereof.\ in case any such ship or vessel is required to be registered de novo, should be authorised to require the production of every bill or other infrument of fate, by which the property in any ship or vessel is transferred; be it

perty1 fs^trans- t^erefore enabled by the authority aforesaid, That when and so often as the property in any ship or vessel belonging to any of his Majesty's subjects shall by sale be transferred, in whole or in part, to any other or others of his Majesty's subjects, and such ship or vessel shall be required to be registered de novo, it shall and instrument of may be lawful to and for all and every the officer and officers irafale be pro- powered to make registry of ships and vessels, and to grant certificates thereof, to require, and he and they are hereby authorised and directed to require, the bill or other instrument of sale thereof

Ml.

Justices to certify detainer of cer-

ferred no vessel to be registered de novo by the register unless

duced

593

1794 Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 68.

to be produced to him or them; and in case such bill or other instrument of sale shall be so required to be produced, and the same shall not be produced to such officer or officers, the said officer or officers shall not make a registry, nor grant a certificate of registry de novo, for any such ship or vessel: provided always, v That it shall and may be lawful for the commissioners of his Ma- but the com-jetty's customs in England, or any four or more of them, and the commissioners of his Majesty's customs in Scotland, or any three may g*lv'e or more of them respectively, if application shall be made to the directions for said commissioners of the customs in England and Scotland respect the registry. tively, and for the governor, lieutenant governor, or commander in chief, for the time being, of the islands of Guernsey or Jersey, or of any colony, plantation, island, or territory, to his Majesty belonging, if such application shall be made to any of them respectively, upon due consideration of the particular circumstances of the case, to give direction for registering such ship or vessel de novo, and granting a certificate of such registry, notwithstanding such bill or other instrument of sale shall not have been produced as aforesaid, and such registry shall be made, and such certificate thereof shall be granted accordingly: provided always.

That all the other regulations required by the laws in force concerning the registry de novo of ships and vessels be complied with.

XXI. And whereas^ by an adly passed in the seventh and eighth 7 & 8 GUI.3, years of the reign of his late majesty King William the Thirds in- c* tituled, An act for preventing frauds, and regulating abuses in the plantation trade, it is, amongst other things, enacted, That in case' there be any alteration of property in the same porty by the sale of one or more shares in any jhipy after registering thereof such sale fall all ways be acknowledged by indorsement on the certificate of the regijier before two witnessfesy in order to prove that the entire property in such ship remains to some of the subjects of England: and whereas it is expedient to author ife and require, the proper officers imfowered to rc-gtfier ships and vejfehy and to grant certificates thereof to issue registers de novo in any case where part of the property of any ship or vessel shall be so transferred, if the owners or proprietors of such ship or vefi fely who were owners thereof at the time such ship or vessel was lafi regifieredy or whose property therein has not been so transferrecly shall be desirous of having a certificate of registry de novo, instead of the indorsement on the old regijier, as now required: be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case there shall be any On alteration alteration of property in the same port, by the sale of one or more of property in fihares in any ship or vessel, after registering thereof, and the port, G owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors, of such ship or vessel, they maybe who were owners or proprietors thereof at the time such ship or registeredde vessel was last registered, or whose property therein has not been uovo* so transferred, shall be desirous of having the ship or vessel registered de novoy it shall and may be lawful to and for the proper officers impowered to register ships and vessels, and to grant certificates thereof, and such officers are hereby authorised and required to register every such ship or vessel de novoy provided all the rules, regulations, and conditions of the before recited act,

puffed

From March i, 1795, on transfer of property in vessels to persons not subjects of bus Majesty, masters of vessels to act as herein directed 'f

Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 68. [1794.

passed in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, and of all other laws in force concerning the registry of ships and vessels de novo be complied with.

XXII. And whereas British ships or vessels, the property of which is in whole or in part transferred to persons not being subjects of his Majesty, are not entitled to the privileges ^/'British J, hips and vessels; and to prevent frauds in the employment of such ships or vessels as British ships or vessels, contrary to the intention of the laws of navigation? they are now by law required\ in certain cases, to be registered de novofor which purpose it is necessary that such ship or vessel should proceed, with all due diligence, to the port to which Jhe belongs, or to any other port in which the may be legally registered, by virtue of the said act passed in the twenty sixth year of his present Majestfs reign, in order to be registered de novo; be it enacted, That, from and after the first: day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, as often as any such transfer of property in any ship or vessel shall be made, while such ship or vessel is upon the sea, on a voyage to a foreign port or ports, in case the master of such ship or vessel is privy to such transfer, or, in case he is not so privy,

as soon as he shall become acquainted therewith, such ship or vessel shall proceed directly to the port or ports for which the cargo then on board is destined, and shall fail from such port or ports, to which the cargo then on board is destined, to the port of his Majesty's dominions to which she belongs, or to any other such port in which she may be legally registered by virtue of the said act, and such ship or vessel may take on board, in the port or ports for which her original cargo was destined, or in any other port or ports, being in the course of her voyage to the port of his Majesty's dominions in which she may be so registered de novo, such cargo, and no other, as shall be destined and may be legally carried to such port of his Majesty's dominions, where she may be so registered de novo; and if such transfer of property shall be made while such ship or vessel is in any foreign port, and the master of such ship or vessel is privy to such transfer, or, in case he is not so privy, as soon as he shall become acquainted therewith, such ship or vessel, after having delivered the cargo then on board such ship or vessel at the port or ports for which it is destined, shall fail from such port or ports to the port of his Majesty's dominions to which she belongs, or to any other such port in which she may be legally registered by virtue of the said act, and may take on board, at the port or ports for which her original cargo was so destined, or at any other port, being in the course of her voyage to the port of his Majesty's dominions in which she may be so registered de novo, such cargo, and no other, as shall be destined, and may be legally carried to such port of his Majesty's dominions, where she may be so registered de novo; and if such transfer of property shall be made while such ship or vessel is on a fishing voyage, and the master of such ship or vessel is privy to such transfer, or, in case he is not so privy, as soon as he shall become acquainted therewith, such ship or vessel, after having finished such fishing voyage, without touching at any foreign port

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 68. 595

or ports, except for the purpose of repairs or refreftiments, or for delivering any part of the cargo she may have on board destined for such foreign port or ports, shall fail to the port of his Majesty's dominions to which (he belongs, or to any other such port where she may be legally registered by virtue of the said act, and may take on board, at the foreign port or ports last described, or at any other port or ports, being in the course of her voyage to the port of his Majesty's dominions where she may be so registered de novo, such cargo, and no other, as shall be defined and may be legally carried to such port of his Majesty's dominions, and every such ship or vessel as aforesaid shall be registered de novo as soon as (he returns to the port of his Majesty's dominions to which she belongs, or to any other such port in which she may be legally registered by virtue of the said act; on failure whereof such ship or vessel shall, and on failure to all intents and purposes, be from thenceforth considered, and * compli-deemed and taken to be a foreign ship or vessel, and shall not "

again be registered, and be entitled to the privileges of a British deemed so-ship or vessel, unless upon special representation of the circum- reign, and net stances of the case to four or more of the commissioners of his entitled to the Majesty's customs in England, or to three or more of the commis- ^itiih^vef^ls sioners of his Majesty's customs in Scotland, or to the governor, unless the lieutenant governor, or commander in chief, for the time being, of of the islands of Guer?fey or Jersey, or of any colony, plantation, ^the cuf-island, or territory, to his Majesty belonging, as the case may be, think fit&c the said of, governor, lieutenant governor, or com- '

mander in chief, shall respectively, on consideration of the special circumstances of the case, think (it to order; and in such case, they are hereby authorised to order that the said ship or vessel shall be registered, and be thereby again entitled to the privileges of a British ship or vessel, and such registry shall be made, and such certificate thereof shall be granted accordingly: provided always, Qn transfer That all the regulations required by the laws in force, concern- of property ing the first registry of ships and vessels, shall in every such case vessels to be be complied with: provided nevertheless, That in no case of the register^d de

r V r -1, r n rr i novo Within

transfer of property, in whole or in part, of any ship or vessel, in limited times, the manner herein-before mentioned, the ship or vessel, of which the property is so transferred, shall be registered de novo, or be entitled to the privileges of a British ship or vessel, unless such ship or vessel shall return to the port of his Majesty's dominions to which (he belongs, or to such other port in which (he may be registered de novo, within the period of twelve months after the date of such transfer of property, if such ship or vessel shall not be on a voyage to the east of the Cape of Good Hope, or to the west of Cape Horn, or within two years, if the ship or vessel is on a voyage to the east of the Cape of Good Hope, or to the west of Cape Horn, at the time such transfer of property shall take place, except by the order of the said of, governor, lieutenant governor, or commander in chief respectively, upon special representation of the circumstances of the case, in manner hereinbefore authorised.

596 Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 69. [1794.

CAP. LXIX.

An act for the discharge of certain insolvent debtors.

[June 11, 1794.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS, notwithstanding the great prejudice and detriment which acts of insolvency produce to trade and credit, it may be convenient, in the present condition of the gaols in this kingdom, that some of the prisoners who are now confined therein should be set at liberty: be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same,

[Gaolers to make out lists of prisoners who, on Feb. 12, 1794, and at the time of making out, were in custody for debt.]

That, from and after the passing of this act, all and every gaoler or keeper of any prison, in any county, riding, division, city, town, place, or liberty, within this kingdom, shall, is, and are hereby required to make a true, exact, and perfect list, alphabetically, of the name or names of all and every person or persons, who, upon the twelfth day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, was or were under the terms and conditions herein mentioned, and at the time of making out every such lift shall be really an actual prisoner or prisoners, in the custody of any gaoler or gaolers, keeper or keepers, of any prison respectively, upon any process whatsoever, for or by reason of any debt, damage, costs, sum or sums of money, or contempt for nonpayment of money; and an account of the time when such prisoner or prisoners was or were respectively charged in custody, or received in prison, together with the name or names of the person or persons at whose suit or prosecution such prisoner or prisoners is or are detained;

[Lists to be delivered to the quarter session.]

and shall deliver the same to the justices of the peace, at their first or second general quarter session, or general session of the peace, to be held after the passing of this act, or at some adjournment thereof, for such county, riding, division, city, town, place, or liberty respectively.

[Warden of the Fleet, &c. to take an oath on delivering in lists.]

II. And be it further enacted, That the warden of his Majesty's prison of the Fleets and marshal of the King's bench prison, and every other gaoler and keeper of any other prison in any place or liberty, shall severally, on the delivering in of any such list of prisoners in their respective custody, take an oath, in the open court of such general quarter session of the peace, or at some adjournment thereof, to the effect following; (that is to say,)

[Oath.]

I A.B. upon my corporal oath, in the presence of Almighty God, do solemnly swear, profess, and declare, That all and every person and persons, whose name or names is or are inserted in the list by me now delivered in and subscribed, was and were, to the best of my knowledge and beliefs really and truly prisoners in actual custody, in the prison or gaol of on the twelfth day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, at the suit or suits of the several person or persons therein respectively mentioned.

[Oaths to be administer in open court,]

Which the said justices, at the first or second general quarter session or general session aforesaid, or at some adjournment thereof,

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 69. 597

within their respective jurisdictions, are hereby empowered and and entered at required to administer in open court; and the words of the said {^gtom 0 oath, herein-before directed to be taken by the said warden and marshal, and other gaoler or keeper of any prison respectively,

shall be entered or written at the end or bottom of the lift which shall be delivered in by them respectively, and shall be subscribed and sworn to by them respectively in open court; and the words of the oath to be taken by every such warden, marshal, gaoler, or keeper respectively, shall be entered or written at the end or bottom of the lift which shall be delivered by them respectively, and shall be subscribed and sworn to by them respectively, in open court; and every such lift, which shall be so delivered in, subscribed, fdib to be and sworn to, in pursuance of this act, shall be kept by the clerk Jjjl of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the ^hich niaybe peace of every such county, riding, division, city, town, place, or examined liberty respectively, in which any such lift as aforesaid shall be gratis, sworn to, for the better satisfaction of the said justices, and information of all or any prisoner or prisoners therein named, and so as the same may, from time to time, be seen and examined by any creditor or creditors, or prisoner or prisoners, without fee or reward.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Three copies all and every gaoler and gaolers, and keeper of any gaol or prison, fixecfu^in 6 is and are hereby required, ten days at least before the btft ot each prison, second general quarter session or general session of the peace shall &c.

be held after the passing of this act for the county, riding, division, city, town, place, or liberty, in which any gaol or prison shall be, or to which the same shall belong, to fix up, in some conspicuous place or places in every such prison, and at the most frequented and usual gate, door, or entrance, into every such prison, three or more true copies of the list or lists proposed or intended to be delivered in by any such gaoler or keeper at the said general quarter sessions, or at some adjournment thereof.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all and every person and Prisoners on persons who, on the twelfth day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, were charged in any gaol or prison for uncjer iooooj any debt or debts, sum or sums of money, which did not amount whose names in the whole to a greater sum than one thousand pounds, and whose shall be inname or names shall be inserted in any such lift to be delivered in as aforesaid, who shall take the oath herein after mentioned, and this be

shall perform, on his or her part, what is required to be done by discharged. him or her by this act, shall be for ever released, and discharged and exonerated, in such manner as hereafter is provided.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Justices on for any justice or justices of the peace of any county, riding, divi- petition of fion, city, town, place, or liberty, within this kingdom, upon the

petition of any such prisoner or prisoners to any justice or justices schedule of of the peace, within his or their respective jurisdictions, upon every his estate, may such prisoner or prisoners so petitioning, and, at the time of his or their her so petitioning, leaving with the justice or justices of the peace brTrSn-him who shall be so petitioned, a true copy of the schedule, containing to the quarter

his sessions, &c.

598 Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 6-g.

[1794.

his or her intended discovery of his or her real and personal estate, to be sworn to at the first or second general quarter session next ensuing after every such petition, or Tome adjournment thereof, by warrant under his hand and seal, or their hands and seals, to require the sheriff or sheriffs, gaoler or gaolers, or keeper of any such prison, within the jurisdiction of any such justice or justices, to bring before the justices at the first or second next general quarter session or general session of the peace, or any adjournment thereof, to be held, as the case shall happen to be, next after the expiration of ten days from the date of such warrant, for such respective county, riding, division, city, town, place, or liberty, the body of any person being in the said prison as aforesaid, with the warrant or warrants of his or her detainer, together with a copy or copies of the cause or causes which he, she, or they is or are charged with in any such gaol or prison as aforesaid, at the time aforesaid; for which copy or copies of cause or causes, such prisoner shall apply to the said'gaoler or keeper of such prison, or to the clerk of the papers, or other person who shall make out and transcribe the same, at least six days before the time of his or her discharge; which warrant of every justice or justices, every such sheriff and sheriffs, gaoler or keeper, is and are hereby commanded to obey,

VI. And be it also enacted, That the copy of every schedule which shall be left with any such justice or justices shall, within ten days after the same shall be so left, be transmitted by the justice or justices with whom the same shall be so left, to the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer abling as clerk of the peace for the county, riding, division, city, town, place, or liberty, in which the same shall have been so left, there to remain and be in-spebled, from time to time, as occasion shall require, by any creditor of any such prisoner who shall desire to inspebl the same.

VII. And be it also enacted, That every such justice or justices who shall refuse or omit, for the space of ten days, to transmit

Justices to transmit schedules to the clerk of the peace for inspection of creditors.

Justices omitting for ten

days to trans- 1 w

mit schedules C0Py t^e schedule, so left with him as aforesaid, to the clerk

to forfeit iol. of the peace, town clerk, or other officer abling as clerk of the peace for the county, riding, division, city, town, place, or liberty, in which the same shall have been so left, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum often pounds; which shall and may be sued for and recovered in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, by ablion of debt, together with costs of suit, in the name of any person who shall prosecute for the same; and one moiety of which money forfeited shall, when recovered, go to the party who prosecutes for the same, and the other moiety thereof to the poor of the parish in which the offence shall be committed.

Debtors in

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every debtor and a^r^or their ^e^tors w inter)d to apply to be discharged and exonerat-dischargeto under this act as aforesaid, shall first cause publick notice to give previous be inserted in three several London Gazettes, previous to such ge-noticethrice in neral or quarter session or general session, or the adjournment tte Gazette, thereof, at which such application shall be made; and if such debtor shall be in custody in any gaol out of London, or the weekly bills

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 69. 599

bills of mortality, then also in some newspaper which shall be published in or near the county, riding, division, city, town, liberty, or place, in the gaol whereof he or she shall be so in custody, containing the name, trade, and occupation, and the two last places of abode, if so many, of every such debtor and debtors, and the prison wherein he, she, or they is or are confined, and of his, her, or their intention to take the benefit of this act, and mentioning such notice in each Gazette or newspaper to be the first, second, or third notice, according to the time of publishing each of such notices; the first of which said notices shall be so inserted in the said Gazette, or in the said other newspapers, as the case may require, twenty-one days at leaf!:, and the last of the said notices six days at least before any such first or second general quarter session or general session, or adjournment thereof, shall be held as aforesaid, so that as well all the creditors who have not charged the said debtor or debtors in custody, as thv>fe creditors who have charged such debtor or debtors in execution, or on mesne process, or otherwise, may have sufficient notice thereof.

IX. And to the Intent that all creditors may have full and sufficient time to consider the matters and things contained in the schedule or schedules intended to be delivered in by any debtor or debtors; be it further enacted, That every such debtor, when he or she shall Debtors to (according to the directions of this act) publish the first notice of deliver sche-an intention to take the benefit of this act, he or she shall, in such d^jS to ttic notice, declare that the schedule containing his or her intended vfousto The discovery of his or her real and personal estate (to be sworn to in first notice; manner as by this act directed) is lodged in the hands of the gaoler or keeper, or the deputy of such gaoler or keeper, of the prison wherein any such debtor shall be confined, and every such debtor is hereby directed and required to deliver such schedule to such gaoler, keeper, or deputy, as the case may be, before he shall publish such first notice as aforesaid, signed by his or her own Christian and surname, to be attested by any such gaoler, keeper, or deputy; and in case any debtor shall neglect or refuse to deliver one such and on neg-schedule to such gaoler, keeper, or deputy, prior to such his first notice to be given as aforesaid, he or she, upon due proof made of prison> such neglect, to the satisfaction of the court to which such debtor shall make application, shall be remanded back to prison, there to remain till he or she shall have complied with the directions aforesaid; and every such gaoler, keeper, or deputy, is hereby Gaolers to directed and required to attest the signature of the debtor's name -of^sche to such schedule, and to receive the same into his custody and ^u]es an(i charge, giving a duplicate thereof to every such debtor, with an give dupli- acknowledgement of his having received the original; and he is cates to hereby further required to deliver a true copy of any such schedule, signed by himself, upon request made to him by any creditor for tors requiring that purpose, in writing, such copy to be delivered to the creditor them, on pe-himself, or to such person as he shall appoint to receive the lame, nalty ofaol. within three days-after demand made; and if any such gaoler, keeper, or deputy, shall neglect or refuse to conform to the directions hereby given him respecting such schedule3 every such gaoler,

6oo

Notices to be given in the following

Form;

and to be signed by the debtor and gaoler. Debtors applying at the lelfions, proving notices were duly infer ted, &c.

shall in open court deliver in signed schedules.

Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 69. [1794.

keeper, or deputy, ib offending, shall forfeit and pay the sum of twenty pounds to any person who shall sue for and recover the same, in any of his Majesty's courts of record, at Westminster, by action of debt.

X. And be it further enacted, That the notices to be given by every debtor, in manner directed by this act, shall be to the effect following; (videlicet),

I[insert the name, trade, occupation, and two last places of abode, if so many] now confined in, [insert the name of the prison and

county], and not being charged in custody, on the twelfth day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety four, with any debt or debt sum or fiums of money, not exceeding in the whole the sum of one thousand pounds, do hereby give this publick notice, being

[insert the first, second, or third, as the case may be], that I do intend to take the benefit of an act passed in the thirty fourth year of his present Majesty's reigni intituled An act for the relief of insolvent debtors; [and if it be the first: notice, then add] and I do hereby give notice, that a true and perfect schedule, containing a discovery of all my real and personal estate, hereafter to be sworn to, is now ready to be delivered to any creditor applying for the same, in manner aforesaid, to the gaoler or keeper, or his deputy, of the said prison.

And every such notice shall be signed by the debtor, and counter-signed by the gaoler or keeper, or deputy of such gaoler or keeper, of such prison.

XI. And be it further enacted, That every such debtor as aforesaid, not being charged as aforesaid, on the twelfth day of February one thousand seven hundred and nitety-four with any debt or debts, sum or sums of money, in the whole to a greater amount than to the sum of one thousand pounds, who shall apply to the general or quarter session, or any adjournment thereof, shall, in case it shall be proved upon oath, or by producing the said three Gazettes and newspapers before mentioned, to the said justices at any such session, or the adjournment thereof, that such notices were inserted in the London Gazette, and other newspapers, were required in manner aTherein-before is directed, and that the person or persons so applying was or were actually a prisoner or prisoners on the said twelfth day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, in the gaol or prison in which his, her, or their name or names is or are specified in the lift delivered in at any such first or second section, or any adjournment thereof as aforesaid, in pursuance of this act, shall, in open court, at the said general quarter session or general section, or any adjournment thereof, subscribe and deliver in a true schedule or account of all his or her real estate, in poflection, reversion, remainder, or expectancy, and also the whole of his or her personal estate, which he or she, or any person or persons in trust for him or her, or for his or her use, benefit, or advantage> is or are seised of, interested in,

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 69. 601

or entitled to* or was or were in his or her possession at any time since his or her commitment to prison, with the names of his or her several debtors* and where they respectively live, or may be met with; and the several sums of money from them respectively owing, and how the same respectively became due, and are secured, and if by moragage* specialty, contraff, note, or other writing, then the name and names, and places of abode, of the several witnesses who can prove such debts or contrails, (if there be any such), and shall also make oath and swear to the effect following \nd make the (that is to say), following

I A.B. upon my corporal oath, in the presence of Almighty God, do Oath* solemnly swear, protest, and declare, That on the twelfth day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, 1 was really and truly a prisoner, in the actual custody of in the

prison or gaol of at the suit of

without any fraud or collusion whatsoever; and that I have, ever finee my commitment, continued a prisoner within the prison of

in the actual custody of the gaoler or keeper of the said prison of or within the liberties thereof,

at the suit of and without any fraud or

collusion whatsoever; and that the schedule now delivered by me, and subscribed, doth contain, to the best of my knowledge, remembrancey and belief a full, just, true, and perfeSl account and dfcovery of all the goods, effects, and estates, real and personal, in pojfiffon, reversion, remainder, or expectancy, which I, or any person in trust for me, or for my benefit or advantage, are fifed or poffiffed of interested in* or entitled to, or was or were in my possession at any time since my commitment to prison, and of all debts which are to me owing, or to any person or persons in trust for me, and of all the fiecurities and contrasts whereby any money now is, or will or ?nay hereafter become payable, or any benefit or advantage may accrue to me, or to my use, or to any person or persons in trust for me, and the names and places of abode of the several persons from whom such debts are due and owing, and of the zvitnejfis that can prove such debts or contrasts [if any such there be], and that neither I, nor any other person or persons in trust for me, or for my use, have any lands, money, stock, or any efate, real or personal, in pojfffon, reversion, or remainder or expeSlaney, other than what are in the said schedule contained, except wearing apparel and bedding for myself and family, working tools, and necessaty implements for my occupation and calling, together with a sum of money not exceeding five pounds, and thefi in the whole not exceeding the value of thirty pounds; and that have not nor any body for me hath, direSUy or indirectly, fold, lessened, or otherwise conveyed, dispofid of in trust, or concealed, all or any part of my lands, money, goods, chattels, fiock, debts, ficurities, contrasts, or efate, real or personal, whereby toficure the same, or to receive or expeSi any profit or advantage thereof, or with intent to defraud or deceive any creditor or creditors to whom I am or was indebud in any wifi hoivsoever,

So help me GOD.

602 Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 69. [1794.

Schedule and And the said schedule and oath shall be, by every such debtor, subscribed in the presence of the justices in open feffioti of the peace, as hereby is directed, and shall be kept by, and remain with the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer adUng as clerk of the peace, for the county, city, liberty, division, town, or place, where the same shall be subscribed and taken, for the better informatiosi of ah the creditors of such debtor who shall dehre or may have occasion to resort thereto, and every such ere* dltor shall be at liberty, at seasonable times in the day time, to peruse and examine the same.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the justices of peace within their respective jurisdictions, at any such general quarter

oath to be subscribed in court, and remain with the clerk of the peace for perusal of creditors.

Court, at the request of a

proved, the court to order his discharge.

creditor rod kL iuvu n&ity men ^udiici

examine* gTob session or general session, or adjournment thereof, at the request ofrs on oath, any creditor or creditors of any such debtor, are hereby authorised to cause the deputy warden and marshal of the Fleet and King's bench prison, and any other under officer, tipstaff, and turnkey, of any gaol or prison, and any other person, within their respective jurisdictions, to come before them, and to examine them respectively on oath touching any of the matters contained in any of the oaths prescribed by this act to be taken, and the truth thereof; Bebtorisoath and if the oath which shall have been taken in open court by any not being dif- debtor or debtors shall not be disproved by good testimony of any credible person or persons on oath, and such justices, or the major part of them present at any such general quarter session or general session, shall be satisfied with the truth of the oath taken by any such respective debtor, then such justices shall, in such session, or same adjournment thereof, adjudge such debtor or debtors to be entitled to the benefit of this act; and shall order the said sheriff or sheriffs, gaoler or gaolers, or keeper of such prison or prisons, forthwith to fetat liberty such prisoner or prisoners, without having or taking any fee or reward; and every such order shall be a sufficient discharge to the sheriff or sheriffs, gaoler or gaolers, or keeper of such prison or prisons, and shall indemnify him or them against: any escape or escapes, or action or actions whatsoever for escape, which shall or may be brought, commenced, or prosecuted, against him or them.

Estate and

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That effects of dif- a]j the estate, right, title, interest, and trust, of such debtor of, ors^sted in*" anc^ unto> rea^ estate, as well freehold and copyhold as

the clerk of customary, and all the personal estate, debts, and effects, of every the peace, such debtor, shall, immediately after such adjudication, be, and who is to af- the same js hereby vested in the clerk of the peace, town clerk, to such crecfi or ot^er cer acting as clerk of the peace, of and for the county, tors as the riding, city, town corporate, division, liberty, or place, where court shall any such debtor shall be respectively discharged; and every such direct, &c. clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, is hereby directed and required to make an alignment and conveyance of every such debtor's estate and effects, vested in such clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace as aforesaid, to such creditor or creditors of the said debtor as the justices, at any general or quarter session of

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 69. 603

the peace, or at any adjournment thereof, which shall be held by them within their respective jurisdictions, shall order and direct, which alignment and conveyance shall be good and effectual in law, to all, intents and purposes whatsoever, without being wrote on parchment or paper stamped, to vest the estates thereby assigned and conveyed in the party or parties to whom the same shall be so affiigned and conveyed, his, her, and their heirs, executors, administrators, and assigns, according to the estate and interest the debtor had therein; and every such alignment and conveyance shall be in trust for the benefit of the creditor or creditors of every such debtor to whom the same shall be made, and the rest of the creditors of such debtor, in respedh of or in proportion to their respective debts; and every person or persons to whom any such alignment and conveyance as aforesaid shall be made, is and are hereby fully empowered to sue, from time to time, as there may be occasion, in his, her, or their own name or names, for the recovery and attaining any estate or effects of any such debtor, and also to execute any trust or power vested in, or created for the use or benefit of any such debtor, but in trust for the benefit of him or themselves, and the rest of the creditors of every such debtor, and to give such discharge and discharges to any debtor or debtors of any such person as shall be requisite; and every such Assignees to assignee or assignees shall, with all convenient speed after his or^fell them their accepting any such alignment or conveyance, use his and &c# 1

their best endeavours to receive and get in the estate and effects of every such debtor, and shall, with all convenient speed, make sale of all the estates of such debtor vested in such assignee or assignees; and if any such debtor shall be interested in or entitled to any real estate, either in possession, reversion, or expectancy, the same, within the space of two months after every such alignment and conveyance, shall be sold by publick auction, in such manner, and at such place, as the major part of the creditors of any such debtor, who shall affiemble together on any notice in writing, published in the London Gazette, or in some daily paper, if the debtor before his going to gaol resided in London, or in the weekly bills of mortality, and if elsewhere, then in some newspaper which shall be published in or near the county, riding, division, city, town, liberty, or place, in which such debtor dwelt before he or she was committed to gaol, thirty days before any such sale shall be made, shall, under his hand, or their hands, agree on; and every such assignee or assignees, at the end of three months at Assignees to farthest from the time of his or their accepting any such assign- m; ^e divi-ment or conveyance as aforesaid, shall make a just and fair dividend of all such debtor's estate and effects, which shall have been nuking

then recovered, amongst his or her creditors, in proportion and up their ac-in regard to each creditor's respective debts; but before any such counts and dividend shall be made, such assignee or assignees shall make uphein 01? an account of such debtor's estate, and make oath in writing, oat^ before one or more justice or justices of the peace of the county, riding, division, town, liberty, or place, in which any such debtor shall, have been discharged, that every such account contains a just

30 days notice of making dividend to be given.

None to share till they have proved their debts.

Reality of debts may be inquired into at the sessions.

Surplus of effects to be paid the debtor.

and fair account of the estate and effects of every such debtor got in by or for such assignee or assignees, and of all payments made in respect thereof, and that all payments in every such account charged were truly and bona fide made and paid; and notice of the making of every such dividend shall be published in like manner as a meeting of the creditors is herein-before directed to be published, thirty days at lead before the same shall be made; and no creditor shall be allowed to receive any share of such dividend, until he shall have made out the justness and identity of his respective debt by oath, or due proof, in writing, before some justice or justices; and if any creditor of such debtor shall be dissatisfied with the reality or fairness of any debt claimed by any other creditor., then the same, at the request of any such creditor or creditors so dissatisfied, shall be examined into by the justices of the county, riding, division, city, liberty, or place, in which such debtor shall have been adjudged to have been entitled to the benefit of this act, at their next general or quarter session, and what they shall there determine in the premiles shall be conclusive to all parties; and if, after payment of all such debtor's creditors, there shall any of his estate and effects remain, afrer payment of all reasonable charges, the same shall be paid to such debtor, his executors, or administrators.

XIV. Andy for obviating any doubts which may otherwise arise how far the fever a I powers and authorities, by this act vejled in or given to clerks of the pcacey may be lawfully done, exercised, or performedy by the deputy or deputies of the clerk of the peace for the county palatine tf/'Lancaster, (the said office of clerk of the peace for the said county palatine being held by letters patent from his MajeJl'jy with the power of executing the same by deputy or deputies); be it further enacted and declared, That all alignments and conveyances of the estate and effects of any debtor or debtors, and all other acts, deeds, matters, and things, which shall be done, exercised, deputy clerks or performed, in the execution of this act by any deputy or depu-for the county ties of the clerk of the peace for the said county palatine of Lan-of Lancaster, cajlery or by the person or persons who, for the time being, shall exercise and perform the trusts and duties of the said office within and for the said county palatine, shall be of the same force, validity, and effedf, in the law, to all intents and purposes, as if the same had been done, executed, or performed, by the clerk of the peace of the said county palatine of Lancaster for the time being.

XV. Andy to the intent that no loss may arise to any creditor or creditors from any neglect or omijfwn in the scheduley not containing the whole of the efatey real or personaly belonging to any debtor who shall apply for his or her dischargey under the authority of this act; be it enacted, That all the estate, whether real or personal, which shall belong to any debtor or debtors, and of which he, she, or they, shall be actually possessed at the time of making such schedule, shall be deemed and taken to be a part of the estate contained in such schedule, though not inserted therein, and shall in like manner become vested in the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as such, to all intents and purposes, as if the

Powers of clerk of the peace to extend to the

Estates of debtors not inserted in schedules to be.vested in the clerk of the peace.

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 69. 605

same had been contained in such schedule, and had been delivered into the^court according to the directions of this act.

XVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no person Securities holding any security whatsoever, for which the insolvent never without valu-received any valuable consideration, shall be entitled to receive rations void" any benefit from his estate.

XVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case of Estatestofce the death or removal of any clerk of the peace, town clerk, or

other officer acting as clerk of the peace as aforesaid, in whom p^cefor the the estate, right, title, interest, or trust, of any debtor or deb-time being, tors shall have veiled by the authority of this act, every such estate, right, title, interest, and trust, shall become vested in the, r,

successor or successors to every such clerk of the peace, town; ., clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace as aforesaid respectively, as the case may be, to all intents and purposes whatsoever, under the provisions of this aL

XVIII. Provided further, and be it also enacted, That no No suit in

suit in equity shall be commenced by any assignee or affiignees of equity to be any such debtor's estate and effects, without the consent of the ^utcon-major part in value of the creditors of such debtor, who shall sent Gf maj0. meet together pursuant to a notice to be given in the London rity, in value. Gazette for that purpose. ot creditors;

XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting Schedules to as clerk, of the peace, of every respective county, city, and be produced county town, and county, riding, division, cinque port, liberty, ^ec^ and place, with whom any schedules of the estates of any infol- creditors; vent debtor or debtors shall be left, and his successors, clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace as aforesaid, shall, on the reasonable request of any creditor or creditors of such insolvent debtor or debtors, or his or their attorney, produce and fjiew to such creditor or creditors, or his.or their attorney, in the day time, the schedule of the estate of any such insolvent debtor or debtors, which shall be left with any such clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer a6ling as clerk of the peace, or his predecessor in that office; and that a and signed copy of every such lchedule, signed by the clerk of the peace, copies to be town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, in whose evidenc* custody the same shall be, or his deputy, purporting to be a true copy of such schedule, without being wrote on damped paper, shall, at all times, be admitted in all courts whatsoever as legal evidence of the same; and if any clerk of the peace, or his deputy. Clerk of the town clerk, or other officer a6ling as clerk of the peace, shall, peace refuting on reasonable request as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to produce to schedules^&c any such creditor or creditors as aforesaid, or his or their attorney, to forfeit \ol/ any such schedule as aforesaid, and to permit the same to be and treble inspected as aforesaid in the day time, on such payment or tender costs. as aforesaid being made to him, or shall ask or take more than after the rate of sixpence by the sheet, each sheet to contain seventy-two words, and so in proportion for less than seventy-two words in a sheet, or shall refuse to make and deliver a copy of

606 Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 69. [1794.

any such schedule on being requested as aforesaid so to make the Came, and having the money tendered to him for payment of such copy after the rate aforesaid, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds, which shall and may be fuea for and recovered in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, by action of debt, together with treble costs of suit, in the name of any person who shall prosecute for the same, and one Application moiety of which money forfeited shall, when recovered, go to the of penalty. party who prosecuted for the same, and the other moiety thereof to the poor of the parish in which the offence shall be committed.

mf^und0

XX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That before such time with lords of as any assignee or assignees as aforesaid shall enter on, or take manors for any profit from, any copyhold or customary estate as aforesaid, he copyhold or or they shall agree and compound with the lord or lords of the tates111^ manor or manors of whom the same shall be holden, for the payment of such fine or income as, upon any surrender and admission thereto, hath heretofore been most usually accustomed to be paid; and that upon every such agreement or composition the said lord or lords for the time being, at the next court, or some subsequent court, which shall be holden for the said manor or manors, after such agreement made, shall admit such assignee or assignees, tenant or tenants, to such copyhold or customary premises, according to the custom of the said manor or manors of which the same shall be holden, for and during such estate and interest as the said debtor had therein at the time of his or her being adjudged entitled to the benefit of this act as aforesaid, reserving the rents, duties, heriots, customs, and services, payable and to be rendered in respect of the said copyhold or customary premises.

The debtor's

XXI. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall extend beaffededby to Prejuc^ce or affect any estate or interest, or right whatsoever, this act of any other person or persons, other than the said debtor, which may be expedant upon or subject unto the estate or interest of the said debtor, hereby vested in the said clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace; but that the estate, interest, and right whatsoever, of every other person or persons, shall remain, continue, and be saved, to them, in the same manner as if this act had not been made.

Mortgages,

XXII. Provided also, and be it enacted by the authority afore-placed f cl alms That nothing in this act shall extend, or be confirmed to

of an inferior hinder or prevent any mortgage or mortgages upon the estate of nature. such debtor or debtors, or any part thereof, to take place upon the lands, tenements, or hereditaments, comprised in such mortgage or mortgages respectively, nor to prevent any statute staple, statute merchant, recognizance, or judgment, acknowledged by or obtained against any such debtor or debtors, to take place upon the lands, tenements, or real estate of such debtor or debtors; and also where any inquisition shall have been taken upon any such statute or recognizance, or any writ or execution shall have been taken out and delivered to the sheriff or proper officer upon any such judgment, before such discharge shall be given in open

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c.

session to any such person as aforesaid, the personal estate of every such debtor respectively shall be subject thereto, in the first place, for so much as shall remain due upon fitch mortgage, statute, recognizance, or judgment respectively, in like manner as such mortgagees and creditors, by statute, recognizance, or judgment, would have been preferred to other creditors of an inferior nature, against the real or personal estate of such debtor and debtors respectively, if this act had not been made; any thing herein^-before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwith-flandi ng.

XXIII. And whereas many persons who may he entitled to and claim the benefit of this act are seised and possessed of lands, tenements, and hereditaments, to hold to such debtors for the term of their natural lives, with power of granting leases, and taking fines, reserving small rents on such efiates for one, two, or three lives, in poffieffon or reverson, or for some number of years determinable upon lives; which said povjers ought to be executed for the benefit of the creditors of such debtors: be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in every such case, all and every the powers of leafing such Power of lands, tenements, and hereditaments, which are or shall be veiled yefteffin" 8 in any such debtor or debtors as aforesaid, shall be, and are hereby afijgnees. vested in the assignee or assignees of the real and personal estate of such debtor, by virtue, of thisaCl, to be by such assignee or assignees executed for the benefit of all and every the creditors of such debtors as aforesaid.

XXIV. And whereas, in some gaols or prisons in this kingdom, the office of gaoler or keeper is held in fee for life, or otherwise, by persons who never act as gaolers or keepers the?nselyes, or know any thing of the prisoners therein, but depute or employ some person or persons under them as gaolers or keepers of such gaols or prisons; be it therefore enacted, That in every such case, the person who shall have The acting been actually employed and acted as deputed gaoler or keeper of any such gaol or prison at the time of the delivering in the lifts Hvering lifts hereby directed to be delivered in, of prisoners in any such gaol to be the per* or prison, at any general or quarter sessions of the peace, or some fn fworo? adjournment thereof, and not the principal gaoler or keeper, (un-Jpfs where such principal gaoler or keeper shall act as gaoler or keeper himself), shall take the oath herein-before appointed to be taken by the gaoler or keeper of every such gaol or prison.

XXV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the Court, at re, justices, at any general or quarter sessions of the peace, or ad- 3uorstoad*i journment thereof, to which any prisoner shall be brought in pur- minister to fuance of this acte, shall, if required by any creditor or creditors gaolers the of any such prisoner or prisoners, who shall oppose his or her dif- following charge, administer and give to the gaoler, or the person who acts

as gaoler or keeper of any such prison, at the time of bringing up any such prisoner, in order to be discharged under this act, an oath to the following effect; (that is to say),

I A.B. do swear, That was really and truly a Oath.

 prisoner in my custody, in the prison of to the

R r^best

bcjl of my knowledge and belief at or upon the twelfth day ^February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four \ and that the copy or copies of the cause or causes of his [or her] commitment or detainer, now by me brought with the body of the said and

produced to this courts is or are a true copy or copies of the cause or causes of such detainer or commitment, without any fraud or deceit by me, or any other person whatsoever, to the befl of my knowledge and belief

So help me GOD.

Jf the gaoler delivering in lifts, was not gaoler on Feb. 12, 1794, he shall take the following

And if any person who was gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, of any such gaol or prison, on the said twelfth day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, or since, shall not happen to be the gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, of any such gaol or prison at the time any such lift as aforesaid is hereby required to be delivered in, then the justices, at any such section, or at any adjournment thereof, may and are hereby required to administer and give to the respective person or persons who shall be gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, of any such gaol or prison, and deliver in any such lift as aforesaid at any such general or quarter section, or any adjournment thereof, an oath, touching the commitments, or books of commitment, of any such prison, to the effect following; (that is to say).

Gath. T A.B. do swear, Float have examined the commitments, or books

kept of or concerning the commitment of prisoners to the prison of in the [county, riding, division, city, town, place, or liberty of as the case shall be], and that I do verily believe

that the said commitments, or books of commitment, are really true, and not fictitious, nor calculated for this purpose; and by them it doth appear that was, on the twelfth day ^February one

'thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, really and truly a prisoner in the actual custody of the then gaoler or keeper, or

deputed gaoler or keeper, of the said prison, without fraud or deceit by me, or any other person or persons, to my knowledge and belief

So help me GOD.

Court, at request of creditors, may examine

XXVI. And, in order to discover any fraudulent entries or commitments of debtors in any gaol books; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the justices, at any general or quarter section of the peace, or any adjournment thereof, are hereby aur thorised, at the request of any creditor or creditors of any debtor, gaolers oa to convene before them, at some certain time to be appointed by oath touching them, any person or persons who was or were gaoler orheeper, commit- or deputed gaoler or keeper, of any gaol or prison within their meats. respective jurisdictions, on the said twelfth day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, or at any time since; r and to examine every such gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, on oath, touching the commitment and continuance in custody of any such debtor, as the justices, at any such general or quarter section, or adjournment thereof, shall think fit; and if any

sheriff,

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 69. 609

sheriff, gaoler, or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, shall neglect Penalty on, or refuse to bring before such justices, at any fefEon of the peace, ? rrj5s,&c* or adjournment thereof, any such prisoner as shall be directed and orc[ers of required by warrant of any justice or justices as aforesaid, or to court, &c. attend on being summoned for that purpose, he shall on conviction suffer six months imprisonment, or if any gaoler or keeper attending, shall refuse to make answer and discovery in the pre-, mises, as shall be reasonably required at such general or quarter session, or any adjournment thereof, he, she, or they, so offending in the premises, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds, to be recovered by and in the name, and for the use of the party injured, by action of debt, to be brought in his or her name, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, together with treble costs of suit.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any gaoler puties, shall, withot at some general qu;

adjournment thereof, within their respective jurisdictions, refuse notcomplying or delay to bring any such prisoner or prisoners as aforesaid to with the realty such general quarter section, or general feiTion, or some ad- g^at*S.ns journment thereof, in order to his or her discharge; or shall1 ls a neglect, refuse, or designedly omit to insert, in any such lift, the name or names of any such prisoner or prisoners who was or were actually in custody in his or their respective gaol or prison, on the said twelfth day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, or shall neglect or refuse to make out, fix up, or deliver, such lifts as aforesaid; or if any such gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, shall neglect or refuse to take any of the said oaths before mentioned, and hereby required to be taken by him, or shall detain any such prisoner after he or she shall be discharged as aforesaid; or if the printer of The London Gazette, or other newspaper as aforesaid, shall wilfully refuse or neglect to insert therein the notice by this act: directed to be given, on reasonable request to him made for that purpose, every such gaoler and keeper of such prison or prisons, his deputy or deputies, and every such printer as aforesaid, shall, being duly convicted thereof, suffer three months imprisonment.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any such gaoler or gaolers, or keeper or keepers, or any Penalty on deputed gaoler or keeper, of any prison, shall, in taking of the gaolers per-afore-mentioned oaths, forswear or perjure himself, and shall thereof be lawfully convicted, such gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, of such prison or prisons, (over and above such penalties as may be inflicted on persons convicted of perjury), shall, upon every such conviction, forfeit and pay the sum of five hundred pounds, to be recovered with full costs, by bill, plaint, or information, or action of debt, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, wherein no essoin, protection, or wager of law, shall be allowed, by and in the name of such person or persons, his and their executors and administrators, to whom any

)r keeper of any prison, or his deputy or de- Penalty on: just cause, to be approved of by the justices gaolers, and: ter session, or general session of the peace, or

Perrafty ora clerks of the

cst adjudications of discharges, &c.

610 Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 69. [1794.

assignment or conveyance, in pursuance of this act, shall be made* of the estate and effects of such prisoner or prisoners and if no such assignee or assignees shall be living, then in the name or names of any other creditor or creditors, who {bail fbe for the said penalties, to be applied, one moiety to the informer or informers, and the other moiety towards satisfa<9: ion of the debts of such his creditor or creditors, of the

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any cleric of the srefufirro- peace, or his deputy, or town clerk, or other officer acting as t>o grve copies clerk of the peace, shall delay or refuse to give every or any such debtor, adjudged to be entitled to his discharge as aforesaid, within fourteen days after such adjudication, 2 copy of the order of adjudication, on the payment of two shillings and sixpence, or shall take more than the lum of two fallings and sixpence for such copy, or shall take more than one shilling for an alignment of conveyance of such debtor's estate or effects, every stich clerk of the peace, or his deputy, or town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, who shall so offend, and who shall be convicted at any such general or^quarter session of the peace, or any adjournment thereof, of any such offence, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay to every such prisoner, the sum of twenty pounds, as the justices of the peace, at any such general or quarter session of the peace, or adjournment thereof, shall order, and who are hereby impowered to cause the same to be levied by distress and sale of the goods of any such clerk of the peace, or his deputy, or town clerk, or other officer adfing as clerk of the peace so offending.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any debtor as aforesaid, who shall take the benefit of tfite act, shall wilfully forswear and perjure himself, herself, or themselves, in any oath to be taken under this act, and shall be lawfully convicted thereof, he, she, or they, so offending, shall differ such punishment as by law may be inflicted of persons convicted of wilful and corrupt perjury.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no person entitled to the benefit of this act shall, at any time hereafter, be imprisoned by reason of any judgment or decree obtained for payment of money only, or for any debt, bond, damages, contempts for nonpayment of money, costs, sum or sums

me debts prior Gf money contracted, incurred, occasioned, owing, or growing iz ^tie, before the said twelfth day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, but that upon every arrest upon every judgment, or such decree, or for such debts, damages, contempts, costs, sum and sums of money, it shall and may be lawful for any judge of the court where the process issued, or for any two justices of the peace, upon shewing the copy of such order of adjudication as aforesaid, to release and discharge out of custody such prisoner or prisoners as aforesaid, and at the same time, to order the plaintiff or plaintiffs in such suit or suits to pay such prisoner or prisoners the costs he, she, or they shall have incurred on such occasion, or so much thereof as to such judge or justices shall seem

juS

debtors for* fovea ring flvemfelVes to foe deemed tru'diy of per-lurry.

liebtotrs discharged by siiia ari not kable to im-touifonment

*224*

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 69. 611

jft and reasonable; and every such judge is hereby impowered 3 to do on such prisoner's causing a common appearance to be ntered for him in every such action and suit.

XXXII. And whereas, under former acts of this kind., doubts ^ave arisen what was to be done with such prisoners who applied at my session to be discharged, who owed and flood charged with debts, s well previous as [ubsequent to the day limited by the respective acts: o remedy which, be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no prisoner or prisoners shall be discharged of any debts Prisoners not ncurred subsequent to the twelfth day of February one thousand discharged of seven hundred and ninety-four, and if it shall appear to the justices, to^Feb n any session or adjournment, that any prisoner or prisoners, 1794,: hen applying to them to be discharged, shall Hand charged as'yell with debts previous to as subsequent to the twelfth day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, that in uch cases, it shall and may be lawful to and for the justices to iifcharge the person of such prisoner on account of all debts incur-ed previous to the said twelfth day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, and to remand him or her back to the custody of the keeper of the prison from whence he or she was brought, for all debts with which he or she stands charged with in his custody, incurred subsequent to the said twelfth day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any person, being a prisoner, charged in execution Prisoners who, on the said twelfth day of February one thousand seven hundred ^nas^infol and ninety-four, and having before or since that day petitioned vent debtors, any court to be discharged as an insolvent debtor, and having have been reconformed to the several provisions of the laws in being for that manded back purpose, shall have been brought up, and by the court before ^'^eiTdif which such prisoner was so brought up, remanded back to the charged with-prison or gaol from which such prisoner was brought up, there to out their con -continue in execution on the undertaking of his or her plaintiff or sent> entitled plaintiffs, to pay to him or her two shillings and four-pence weekly ^his act and every week, during such time as such prisoner should remain in execution at the suit of such plaintiff or plaintiffs, and such prisoner so continued in execution shall have been or shall be discharged from such execution by his or her plaintiff or plaintiffs, without his or her own privity and consent, subsequent to the said twelfth day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, and before the day whereon he or she might otherwise have applied to take the benefit of this act, every such prisoner shall be entitled, notwithstanding such discharge, to the same relief and advantage, to all intents and purposes whatsoever, which he or she might or could have otherwise obtained by virtue of this act; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

[Act may be

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any action of escape, or any suit or action, be brought against any justice or justices of the peace, sheriff, gaoler,

keeper of any prison, for performing their office, in pursuance of escape#

his act, they may plead the general issue, and give this act in

612 Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 69. [1794.

evidence; and if the plaintiff be nonsuited, or discontinue his actfon, or verdict pass against him, or judgment upon demurrer, the defendant shall have treble costs.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Act may be That if any scire facias or action of debt or upon judgment shall P^ded gene- be brought against any prisoner, his or her heirs, executors, or ra y* c* administrators, upon any judgment obtained against any such prisoner, or on any statute or recognizance acknowledged by him or her, before the said twelfth day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, with respect to debtors in adfual custody on the said twelfth day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, it shall be lawful for any such debtor, his or her heirs, executors, or administrators, to plead generally that such debtor was actually a prisoner in such prison at such a person's suit on the twelfth day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, and was or were duly discharged, according to this act, at the general quarter session, or general session, or adjournment thereof, held at such time and place for such county, riding, division, liberty, city, town, or place, (as his, her, or their case is), without pleading any matter specially, and in case any other suit or action shall be commenced against him, her, or them, for any other debt, sum, or films of money, due before the said twelfth day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, to plead in discharge of his or her person from execution, (over and above such matters as aforesaid), that such debt or sum of money (as the case shall happen) was contracted or due before the said twelfth day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, without pleading any other matter specially; where to the plaintiff shall or may reply generally, and deny the matters pleaded as aforesaid, or reply any other matter or thing which may shew the said defendant not to be entitled to the benefit of this act, or not duly discharged according to it, in the same manner as the plaintiff might have replied in case the defendant had pleaded this act, and his discharge, by virtue of this act, specially, and if the plaintiff be nonsuited, discontinue his action, or verdict pass against him, or judgment on demurrer, the defendant to have treble costs.

Attornies or

XXXVI. Provided always, That nothing in this act contained servants em- fhaq extend, or be construed to extend, to release or discharge ney? excluded any attorney at ^aw5 or solicitor, or any other person or persons the benefit of acting, or pretending to act as such, with regard to any debt this act. with which he or they shall stand charged for any money, or other effects, recovered and received by him or them, for the use of any person or persons, bodies corporate or politick, and by any attorney, solicitor, or other person or persons acting as such, embezzled, concealed, or converted to his or their own use; or to release or discharge any servant or agent, or any person or persons employed or intruded as such, with regard to any debt or demand with which he, she, or they shall stand charged for and on account of any money, goods, or other effedfs, received or possessefd by him, her, or them, for the use and on account of his.

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 69. 613

ler, or their master or masters, or employers, and by such servant >r agent embezzled, concealed, or converted, to his, her, or heir own use; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXXVII. And whereas many evil-dfposed persons, to support heir profligate way of life, have, by various subtle stratagems, threats, vid devices, fraudulently obtained divers sums of money, goods, wares,

Merchandize, bonds, bills of exchange, promissory notes, other securities for money, to the great injury of industrious families, 0

nanifejl prejudice of trade and credit; be it enacted, That no pri- Persons ob*

[oner, who knowingly and designedly, by false pretence or pre- taining mo*

fences, shall have obtained from any person or persons money, r^eten-

goods, wares, merchandizes, bonds, bills of exchange, promil- ceS) excluded

fory notes, or other securities for money, shall have or receive the benefit of any benefit or discharge by or under this act; but the justices at this act;

+any general or quarter session of the peace, or any adjournment thereof, before whom any such prisoners shall be brought, upon due proof of the matter, made to their satisfaction, shall remand such prisoner to the custody of the gaoler or keeper of the prison from whence he or she shall have been brought, any thing herein contained to the contaary notwithstanding.

XXXVIII. And whereas many debtors, for rents of lands, mefifua-ges, houses, or other premises, have, with a fraudulent intent to disappoint the right of their respective landlords, removed the flock, cattle, furniture, goods, or other effects, which were subject and liable to be dist rained for the satisfaction of the said rents \ be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no prisoner or prisoners, who, in a and persons secret, clandestine, or fraudulent manner, shall have removed, or caused to be removed, within six years before the pafHng of this value of5ol. act, any such flock, cattle, furniture, goods, or effedfs, of the liable to pay-value of fifty pounds or upwards, which were subj'edl and liable to ment of rent; be distrained by their respective landlords for or in payment of such rent or rents, whereby such landlord or landlords shall have loft all or some part of the rent or rents due to him, her, or them, as aforesaid, shall be discharged by or under this act, but shall, on due proof of the matter as aforesaid, be remanded in manner herein-before mentioned j any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIX. And whereas many debtors have, with a view to defraud their creditors, fold, transferred, conveyed, or assigned, their estate and effects to some person or persons, subsequent to their being in custody of law, or imprisoned under some process for debt: and whereas such sale, transfer, conveyance, or alignment, hath been fraudulently made, to the infinite prejudice of the fair and honest creditor, though fufjflci-.ent proof could not be obtained to convict the party of a fraudulent design: be it enacted, That whenever it shall be proved, by one anc* or more credible witness or witnesses, to the satisfaction of the a^nfngn^f.or court to which any prisoner shall be brought up, in order to fetfs to de-obtain his or her discharge, that such prisoner has fold, transferred, fraud credit conveyed, or assigned, to any person or persons, all or any parttors* of his estate or effects, subsequent to the time of his imprisonment,

Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 69. [1794.

ment, without just cause for so doing, to be allowed by the Justices presiding in such court as aforesaid, every such debtor shall lose all the benefits and advantages that he might otherwise have claimed under the authority of this act, and shall not be entitled to his or her discharge; and every such sale, transfer, conveyance, or assignment, is hereby declared to be null and void.

XL. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every gaoler or keeper of any prison shall, and is hereby required

on penalty of 40I,

Gaolers to permit prison*

ken^ith^&c". to in the day-time, any person or persons desiring the same,

to fee and speak, in the lodge, or some convenient room in the said prison, with any prisoner or prisoners, whose names are inserted in the above-mentioned list or lists, or London Gazette, or other newspapers, or any of them, and also fee, in the true and genuine books of the said prison, the entries made of the name or names of such prisoner or prisoners, debtor or debtors, together with the name or names of the person or persons at whose suit or suits he, she, or they, are or were detained; and if any such gaoler or keeper shall neglecSl or refuse to comply with what is here above required, every such gaoler or keeper who shall so offend in the premises shall forfeit and pay to the person so refused and aggrieved the sum of forty pounds, to be recovered with costs of suit, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of the courts at Westminster, wherein no essoin, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed, by and in the name or names of the person or persons so refused and aggrieved.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That if any gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, of any prison or prisons, shall make or cause to be made any false entries, in any book or books belonging to any prison or gaol under his care, or of which he is or was gaoler, or shall prepare or keep, or cause to be prepared or kept, any false book or books, in order for any false or untrue entry or entries to be made therein, or shall inl'ert in any list to be delivered in as aforesaid, the name or names of any person or persons who was not in aiual custody as aforesaid, (except as in the oath of every such gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, shall be excepted), every such gaoler or keeper, or deputed gaoler or keeper, shall, over and above the penalties which he shall be liable to for every such fraud, forfeit and pay the sum of five hundred pounds, to be recovered with treble costs of suit, by and in the name and for the use of any person or persons, who shall be prejudiced by any such false entry or entries, which penalties shall and may be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, wherein no essoin, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

Debtorsrefuf-

XLII. And be it further enacted, That if any debtor, being the tra^ancT t^iereunto required by any creditor, shall refuse to discover and abode of the declare the trade or occupation, and habitation or last place oi person at abode, of the person or persons at whose suit he or she is or was whose suit de- detained or charged in custody, or if any prisoner being called for tamed, &c. to a ano

Gaolers making false entries, &c. to forfeit 500l.

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 69. 6i

and desired by any creditor or creditors to come to the lodge of be excluded the prison in which any such prisoner shall be confined* without some reasonable cause being made appear to the contrary, every such debtor* upon proof being made thereof before the justices at any general or quarter section of the peace, or any adjournment thereof, to be held as aforesaid, shall not have or receive any benefit or discharge by or under this a <9:; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise not with Handing.

XLIII. And whereas there is but one common or county gaol for each of the respective counties of York or Lincoln* which f/uid counties are each of them divided into federal ridings or divisions, all which have fevered commijfens of the peace; and if the gaoler of those gaols he obliged to carry the debtors, prisoners therein, to the quarter session of each riding or division, the same will be a very great charge, not only to such gaolers, but also to the prisoners, in those large counties; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it Justices may shall and may be lawful for two or more justices of the peace for any of the ridings or divisions in the respective counties, (or any Other county or counties where the prisons are at a distance from Gr near the the place where the sessions are held), at the common or county county gaoL gaol thereof respectively, or at some convenient place near thereto, and they are hereby required to assemble and meet* and to hold section there, by adjournment from their respective quarter section from time to time, for the discharge of the respective prisoners therein, according to the powers, limitations, and directions of this adL

XLIV. And whereas the division or difridl a/'Holland, in the fold county of Lincoln, is distant near forty miles from the said county gaol, and it is highly inconvenient and expenfve for the juf ices of the peace adding for the said division to be obliged to travel to the said gaol for the sole purpose of discharging the prisoners under the powers by this act given 5 be it therefore enacted, That for the several pur- Justices for the poses aforesaid, the justices for the said division or distridfc of Hoi-land may adjourn their original sessions to the county gaol, or j^uriTto^or - some place near thereunto; and that it shall and may be lawful near the com* for any two justices of the peace, acting either for the parts of tygaoL Lindsey, Kef even, or Holland, to hold such adjourned sections for the l'ole purpose of discharging such prisoners; notice of the adjournment of such original section being given by the clerk of sections to such justices, and who shall attend there to register the proceedings of the said court, so far as the same relate to or affect the discharge of any prisoner detained for debt in the division of Holland, and claiming the benefit of this act.

XLV. And whereas the next general quarter session s of the peace for the cotinty of Surrey, which shall happen after the passing of this act, may be in the country, and kptvards of twenty miles from any of the said prisons 5 be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for such justices as shall be af- Justices for sembled at the general quarter section of the peace to be holden Surrey may for the county of Surrey, next after the passing of this act, and they are hereby required forthwith to adjourn the said section to

616 Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 69. [1794.

the borough of Southwark, for the purpose of administering the oaths required to be taken and subscribed by this act, by the several gaolers within the said county, and for the discharge of prisoners or other debtors, according to the powers, limitations, and diregions of this act.

XLVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Prisoners in That all debtors and others, who were ih prison on or before the fees, &c. to be twelfth day of February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-discharged. four, in any of the gaols of this kingdom, and now remain there for not paying their fees, rents, or other demands, due or claimed as due, to the keeper or gaoler of any prison respectively, or to any other officer of such prison, and upon no other account, shall be discharged therefrom, he, she, or they, taking the oath by this act required to be taken by prisoners.

XLVII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by Act not to ex- the authority aforesaid, That this act shall not extend, or be contend todebtois {j-rueci to extend, to discharge any person seeking the benefit of to the crown.l o j r o

or revenue. this with respect to any debt or penalty with which he or she

shall stand charged at the suit of the crown, or at the suit of any sheriff or other publick officer, upon any bail bond entered into for the appearance of any person prosecuted for any offence committed against any act or acts of parliament relative to his Majesty's revenues of customs, excise, or salt duties, or either of them.

XLVIII. And whereas, under former acts, creditors have been put to great expences and trouble, in attending every session and adjournment, during the whole continuance of the act, to oppose the discharge of debtors clearly excluded from any benefit under the said respective acts, but who, after having been before one session heard, and refused a discharge, to harajs their creditors, conjiantly gave fresh notices for each subsequent session and adjournment, of their intended application to be dfcharged: to remedy which, be it further en-Determina- acted by the authority aforesaid, That in all cases whatever, the tioti of justices determination of the justices in session or adjournment shall be less^the^riUn* tolltents anc* purposes, unless the debtor shall, during

foner getrhiof t^le continuance of this act, get rid of the objection or objections the objection, for which they refused his discharge; and that the same may be &c. clear and certain, the justices are hereby required to state the

objections why such debtor's discharge is refused by them; and in all cases whatever, it shall and may be lawful to and for the justices, at any subsequent session or adjournment, upon application from the prisoner, upon due proof on oath made to them, by two or more credible witnesses, (which oath they are hereby empowered to administer), of each objection or objections being'removed, and on proof of notice served, at least ten days previous to such application, on the creditor or creditors who before of-posed his discharge, and of notice likewise inserted in the Gazette, in manner before directed by this act, to order such prisoner to be brought before them, and, if they shall then be of opinion the said debtor is entitled to the benefit of this act, to adjudge him or her entitled to the benefit of this act}-and if a prisoner, to

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 69. 617

Order him or her to be discharged, he or she taking the oath, and in all other respects conforming to the directions of this 3dh

XLIX. And whereat it may happen that several persons who may claim and be entitled to the benefit of this act, are seised of an estate tail in same freehold or copyhold lands, tenements, or hereditaments, which entail, with the remainders thereupon expectant, they have by law power to defeat and bar, either by levying a fine or fines, suffering a common recovery or common recoveries, or by surrender or surrenders thereof whereby such p erf on or persons said freehold or copyhold lands, tenements, or hereditaments, would be liable to the pay?nent of their debts, and be delivered up, according to the terms of this act, for the benefit of their creditors: be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in every such case such person or persons so seised Prisoners fei2J-as aforesaid, and who shall be entitled to and claim the benefit taiHo^eHver1 of this act, shall, to all intents and purposes whatsoever in law, them up. be deemed and taken, and is and are hereby declared, to be seised of such lands, tenements, and hereditaments in fee, and the same shall be delivered up to the creditor or creditors of every such prisoner, in the same manner as if such person or persons had actually levied a fine, suffered a common recovery or recoveries, or made a surrender or surrenders thereof, and thereby had become seised in fee; any law or construction of law to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

L. And whereas ?nany persons who may take the benefit of this act may be entitled to feundry and great debts and demands of various and intricate natures, and they may be entitled to equities of redemption of eft ate s subject and liable to mortgages, judgments, and other incumbrances, or to reversions, remainders, or other contingent estates, in lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or to other triifts or intcrefes in estates, both real and personal, vjhich may not be sufficiently defer ibed or discovered in the sched.uk or inventory before directed to be delivered in upon oath as aforesaid, or which may want his aid or affftance to adjufi, make out, recover, or manage, for the benefit of the creditors; be it therefore enacted by the authority afotresaid, Thst it shall Assignees may and may be lawful to and for the respective assignees of the estate and effects of such debtor or debtors, or any other person or per- nation fons duly authorised by them for that purpose, from time to time, debtors, See* to apply to any two or more of the justices of the peace for the county, riding, division, city, town, place, or liberty, where such person or persons shall be then residing, thereby desiring that such person or persons maybe further examined as to any matters or things relating to his, her, or their eftaie or effects, whereupon such justices shall fend for or call before them such person Justices to call or persons, by such warrant, summons, ways, or means, as they the persons shall think fit; and upon such person's appearing shall examine ^ma^com him, her, or them, as well upon oath as otherwise, as to such ^it themCfot- matters and things as such assignee shall desire, relating to the non appear-estate and effects of such person or persons; and if any person or ance. persons (on payment, or tender of payment, of such reasonable charges as such justices shall judge sufficient) shall neglect or refute to come and appear, not having a lawful excuse, to be

6i8 Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 6g.

[1794.

made known to such justices, and by them allowed, or being come before them, shall refuse to be sworn, or to answer all such questions as by such justices shall be put to him, her, or them, relating to the discovery of his, her, or their estate or effects so veiled, or intended to be veftfed, in such clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer, acting as clerk of the peace, or in such assignees as aforesaid, that then it shall and may be lawful to and for such justices, by warrant under their hands and seals, to apprehend such person or persons so offending as aforesaid, and him, her, or them, to commit to the common gaol, there to remain, without bail or mainprize, until such time as he, she, or they, shall submit him, her, or themselves, to such justices, and an-fwrer upon oath to all such lawful questions as shall by such justices be put to him, her, or them, for the purposes as aforesaid.

21. per cent.

LI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That iorditcovcring ln(j every such person and persons who shall, within twelve debtor's eft Ate months after the discharge of such debtor or debtors, voluntarily not comprised come in and make a discovery of any part of such debtor or in schedule. debtors real and personal estate as shall not be comprised in such schedule as aforesaid, before any justices aforesaid, shall be allowed after the rate of twenty pounds per centum out of the net produce of such debtor or debtors estate which shall be recovered on such discovery, and which shall be paid to such person or persons so di(covering the same, by the assignee or assignees of such prisoner's estate and effects.

Discharge ob-

LII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That notwithstand-lenti^ voiefU- discharge of any debtor or debtors by virtue of this act,

ei y*if it shall hereafter appear the same was obtained fraudulently, or that any part of the oath taken by any such debtor was not true, then, and in every such case, every such discharge shall be void and of none effect.

Assignees,

LIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That

with consent; t f]lap be lawful at all times hereafter for any assignee or assignees valu^oTcredb^estate or effects of any debtor or debtors, who shall be tors, may chole in pursuance of this act, by and with the consent of the compound for major part in value of such person or persons creditors, who shall mitdif u^esto 'oe Pre^ent at a meeting to be held on twenty-one days publick arbitration! notice being previously given for the purpose hereafter mentioned, in The London Gazette, if the debtor was in custody in London, or within the weekly bills of mortality, and if not, then also in, some newspaper which shall be published in the county, city, or place, in or near which any such person shall have been in gaol, to make composition with any person or persons, debtor's, or accountants to such debtor or debtors, where the same shall appear necessary or reasonable, and to make such reasonable part of any such debt as can upon such composition be gotten, in full discharge of such debts and accounts; and also to submit any difference or dispute between such assignee or assignees, and any person or persons, for or on account or by reason or means of any matter, cause, or thing, relating to such debtor or debtors estate and effects, or to any debt or debts-due, or claimed to be due, to

or

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 69, 6ig

or from such debtor or debtors, to the final end and determination of arbitrators, to be chosen by the said assignee or assignees, and the major part in value of such creditors, and the party or parties with whom they shall have such difference, and to perform the award of such arbitrators, or of any umpire to be chosen by them, or otherwise to settle and agree the matters in difference or dispute between them, in such manner as the said assignee or assignees, with such consent as aforesaid, shall think fit and can agree, and the same shall be binding to all the creditors of such debtor or debtors; and every such assignee or assignees is and are hereby indemnified for what they shall fairly do in the premises in pursuance of this act.

LIV. And, for the better discovery of the estate and effects of any debtor who shall be discharged by virtue of this act, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That any person or persons who shall Penalty on have accepted of any trust or trusts, and Avail wilfully conceal or dealing estates protect any estate, real or personal, of any such debtor from his of debtors, creditors, and shall not, within thirty days after any assignee or assignees shall, in pursuance of this act, be chosen of any such prisoners estate, discover and disclose to such assignee or assignees such trust and estate, in writing, and deliver up or make over the same to such assignee or assignees, he, she, or they, so offending, shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, and also double the value of the estate, either real or personal, so concealed, to and for the use of the creditors of any such prisoner, to be recovered by action of debt in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, in the name or names of the assignee or assignees of such prisoner's estate, together with treble costs of suit.

LV. And whereas provision ought to be made as to what should become of the estate and effects of any debtor or debtors not got in, obtained, or recovered, by any assignee or assignees chose pursuant to the directions of the several acts at the time of his or their death or deaths, and whose heir or heirs, executors, administrators, and assigns, refused to at1 or meddle therein: to remedy which, be it enacted.

That in all such cases it shall and may be lawful to and for the If assignees die

creditors of every such debtor or debtors to chuse a new assignee others may be

or assignees, in manner and form as herein-before is directed, and aPpftnted, &: c.

+to obtain a new assignment from the clerk of the peace, or his deputy, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, pursuant to the order of the justices, and which said order the said justices are hereby required and empowered to direct, (on due proof on oath being made to them of the death of such former assignee or assignees, and refusal of his or their heirs, executors, administrators, or assigns, to act or meddle therein); and the said clerk of the peace, or his deputy, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, are hereby empowered to obey the same, and execute such assignment accordingly, in manner and form as if no former assignment had ever been made, the said assignee or assignees, clerk of the peace, or his deputy, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, hereby conforming

dio Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 69. [1794.

to all orders and directions made by this act relative to them, or any of them, and to be liable to all such pains and penalties as are inflicted on them, or any of them, by virtue of this act, for disobedience in any part thereof, or neglect of duty whatever; and in case any such assignee or assignees shall die, and his heirs, executors, administrators, or assigns, shall refuse to act, that then and in such case it shall be lawful for such justices of the peace to appoint a new assignee or assignees, with the like powers and authorities as are given by this act; and the said justices shall have powery in a summary way, to oblige the heirs, executors, administrators, and assigns, of such assignee or assignees, to account and deliver up all such estate and effects as shall remain in his or their hands, to be applied for the purposes of this act.

LVI. And, to the intent and purpose that the estate and effects of such debtor or debtors as shall be dfcharged by virtue of this act may be didy and faithfully applied for the benefit of his, her, or their real Westminster cre^'ltors > be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall Sec oTcom* an<^ ma7 be lawful to and for the respective courts at Westminster, plaint against and the courts of great sections in Wales, and the counties pala-assignees, may tine of Chester, Lancaster, and Durham respectively, from whence gmove them, any procels issued, upon which any such prisoner or prisoners was c* or were committed, or where the process issued out of any other

court, to and for the judges of the court of King's bench, common pleas, and exchequer, or of great sections, or counties palatine aforesaid, within their respective jurisdictions, or any one of them, from time to time, upon the petition of any such debtor, or the creditor or creditors of such debtor, complaining of any insufficiency, fraud, mismanagement, or other misbehaviour, of any assignee or assignees of the estate or effects of any such debtor or debtors, to summon all parties concerned, and, upon hearing the parties concerned therein, to make and give such orders and directions therein, either for the removal or displacing such assignee or assignees, and appointing any new assignee or assignees in the place or stead of such assignee or assignees so to be removed or displaced, or for the prudent, just, or equitable management or distribution of the estate and effects of any such debtor, for the benefit of the respective creditors, as the said courts or judges respectively shall think fit; and in case of the removal or displacing of any assignee or assignees, and thq appointing of any new assignee or assignees, the estate or effects of such debtor or debtors shall, from thenceforth, be diverted out of the assignee or assignees so removed or displaced, and be vested in, and delivered over to such new assignee or assignees, in the same manner, and for the same intents and purposes, as the same were before vested in the assignee or assignees first chose as aforesaid; any thing in this act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LVII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority Where mutual aforesaid, That in all cases where mutual credit hath been given Liven^ba-11 between any debtor who shall be discharged in pursuance of this fance to be aft, and any other person or persons, or body politick or corpo-toed. rate^ before the delivery of such schedule or inventory of the

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 70.

estate and effects of such debtor or debtors, upon oath as aforesaid, the respective assignee or assignees of such debtor or debtors is and are hereby authorised and required, on his and their parts, to state and allow an account between them and the other party or parties concerned; and nothing more shall be deemed to be vested in such clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, or such assignee or assignees under such clerk of the peace, town clerk, or other officer acting as clerk of the peace, as the e state or effects of such debtor or debtors, than what shall appear to be justly due to him, her, or them respectively, as and for the balance of such account, when truly dated.

LVIII. And whereas many p erf on s are often committed by the courts of law and equity for contempts, for not paying money ordered or awarded to be paid, and like-wife for not paying of costs duly and regularly taxed and allowed by the proper officer, after proper demands made for that purpose, and also upon the writ ^Excommunicato capiendo, or other process for, or grounded on, the nonpayment of money, cases y or expencesy in same cause or proceeding in same ecclesiastical on*foners for courty or for contempt to such court relating thereto; it is hereby de- not paying dared and enacted, That all such persons are and shall be entitled moneyaward-to the benefit of this act, on and subject to the same terms, con- entitled to ditions, and restrictions, as are herein expressed and declared with the benefit of respect to prisoners for debt only. of this act.

LIX. And whereas great numbers of poor people have been and are now imprisoned for debty upon processes issuing out of courts of con- Prisoners on science; it is hereby enacted and declared, That all such prisoners process of shall be entitled to have the benefit of this act, and be discharged f^cSee^Cn' under the same, provided he, she, or they conform to the direc- titled to the tions herein-before prescribed, touching other prisoners who shall benefit of the be discharged by virtue of this act. ad.

LX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Quaker's af-in all cases wherein by this act an oath is required, the solemn filiation to affirmation of any person being a quaker, shall and may be ac- be taken* cepted and taken in lieu thereof; and every person making such affirmation, who shall be convicted of wilful and false affirming, shall incur and suffer such and the same penalties as are inflicted and imposed by this act upon persons convicted of wilful and corrupt perjury.

LXI. Provided also, and it is in this act contained shall extend called Scotland,

hereby enacted, i nat notmng 1, UL to that part of Great Britain to ScoN

CAP. LXX.

An act to exempt ships of war, and private ships or vessels of war9 taken as prize^ from payment of duty.

[June xi, 1794.]

WHEREAS ships taken by the enemy, and condemned as preamble*, prize y with their tackle^ apparely and furniture, (except fails), are now by law subject and liable to duty on the sale thereof in this kingdom, or in case of condemnation out of this kingdom, on their first

Ships of war and privateers taken from the enemy, not liable to any duty.

Commissioners of the customs may order repayment of any such duties paid.

Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 71. [1794.

arrival therein: and whereas it is expedient that ships of war, or private ships or vessels of war, which shall he taken and legally condemned as prize, with their tackle, apparel, and furniture, should not he liable or subject to the payment of any duty whatever; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That no ship of war, nor any private ship or vessel of war, which shal] be taken from the enemy, and legally condemned as prize, nor the fails, or any of the tackle, apparel, or furniture, belonging to such ship or vessel, shall be charged or chargeable with, or iubjedfc or liable to pay, any duty whatever; any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any duty shall have been paid according to the laws now in force for ships or vessels of the description before mentioned, taken fmee the commencement of hostilities in the present war, or upon the fails, tackle, apparel, and furniture of the same, it shall and may be lawful for the commissioners of his Majesty's customs, or any four or more of them, in England', and the commissioners of his Majesty's customs in Scotland, or any three or more of them respectively, to order repayment of such duty fa paid, and to cause the same to be repaid in such manner as they the said of respectively shall judge proper.

CAP. LXXI.

An act for supplying such of the French islands, as may he in his Majesty's possession, with the several forts of corn, meal, flour, and biscuit, necessary for the maintenance of the inhabitants of the said islands.

[June u, 1794.]

Preamble

WHEREAS, by the conquest or surrender of several of the French islands in the West Indies to his Majesty, the said islands are now in his Majesty's possession, and other French islands may be Jo conquered or surrendered, and thereby come into his Majesty1 s possession: and whereas, it is on that account expedient that provision should be made for the supply of such of the said French islands as may be in his Majesty1 s possession, with the several forts of corn, mealflour, and biscuit, necessary for the maintenance of the inhabitants of the said islands: and whereas, the quantity of the several forts of corn and other articles as aforesaid, now allowed by law to be exported to his Majesty1 s sugar colonies in the West Indies, when the exportation thereof from this kingdom is prohibited, is in no degree sufficient for the supply of all the West India islands, including the said French islands which now are or may be in his Majesty1 s possession: be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the' the authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this and fix y a(^> during the continuance of the present war, and for six months months after, after the conclusion thereof, it shall and may be lawful for the

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 72. 623

lords of his Majesty's most honourable privy council, appointed the lords for for the consideration of all matters relating to trade and ^ore^Sn ^en the ex plantations, whenever any of the several forts of corn, or other portation of articles as aforesaid, are prohibited to be exported from this king- corn is prohi-dom, to allow, in addition to the quantity specified in the table bited, allow (C) of an act, paded in the thirty-first year of his present Majesty's reign, (intituled, all for regulating the importation andt|10fe specified exportation of corn, and the payment of the duty on foreign corn i?n- in 3T Geo. 3. ported\ and of the bounty on British corn exported), as therein al- c. 30. to be lowed to be exported-to his Majesty's sugar colonies in the JVefl tC> Indies, (in which the Bahama and Bermuda or Somers islands are jnqes# included), and in the manner and in the proportions therein authorised and directed, the exportation from this kingdom to the colonies in the West Indies, specified in the said table (C), and to the said French islands which now are or maybe conquered or surrendered, and thereby have or may come into his Majesty's possession, the following quantities of corn, meal, flour, and biscuit; that is to say, five thousand quarters of barley, twenty thousand quarters of beans, twenty-five thousand quarters of oats, four thousand quarters of pease, five hundred quarters of rye, one thousand quarters of wheat, six hundred tons of oatmeal, three thousand two hundred and twenty tons of wheat flour, nine hundred and fifty tons of biscuit, and twenty-five tons of grotts, subject to the same rules, distributions, regulations, conditions, reflric-tions, penalties, and forfeitures, provided in the said act, and to be recovered in the manner authorised and directed in the said act.

CAP. LXXII.

An act to enable the commissioners of his Majesty's samp duties to stamp the paper iifed for printing newspapers thereon, in Jheets of single demy paper inf cad ofjheets of double demy pap et\  [June 11,

1794-0

WHEREAS by an act of parliament, made in the tenth year Preamble, of the reign of her late majesty fifucen Anne, it is (amongst IQ other things) enabled, \That the following duties should be paid on all c. 9booh and papers called Pamphlets, and for and upon all printed news -papers, or papers containing publick news, intelligence, or occurrences; that is to Jay, for every pamphlet or paper contained in half a floeet, or any less piece of paper, printed, the sum of one halfpenny; and for every pamphlet or paper, being larger than half a feet, and not exceeding one whole fleet, one penny: and whereas., by an all of parliament, made 3 Geo. z. in the thirtieth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the c* I9>* Second, it is (amongst other things) mailed. That, from and after the fifth day of July in the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty-seven, the following duties should be paid for and upon every newspaper, or paper containing publick news, intelligence, or occurrences, printed in Great Britain, to be dispersed and made public!, whether the same be contained in half a sheet or any less piece of paper, or in any larger tli an half a feet, and not exceeding one whole Sheet, over and above

S s. 4 ad

16 Geo.  C. 34.

29 Geo. 3. c. 50.

Single demy paper may be stampt in sheets on payment of ad. duty per sheet.

all other rates and duties by the said act, made in the tenth year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, an additional duty of one half* penny: and whereas by another act of parliament, made in the sixteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, it is (amongst other things) enacted, That, from and after the first day of June one thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, there shall be raij'ed, levied, collected, and paid, unto and for the use of his said Majesty, his heirs and juccejfirs, the rates and duties following; (that is to say), For and upon every newspaper, or paper containing publick news, intelligence, or occurrences, printed in Great Britain, to be difperj'ed and made publick, % uhether the same be contained in half a sheet or any less piece of paper, or in any paper larger than half a feet, and not exceeding one whole Sheet, upon every Sheet and half sheet thereof, over and above all other rates and duties by any act of parliament imposed, an additional duty of one halfpenny: and whereas by another act of parliament, made in ihe twenty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, it is (amongst other things) enacted, That, from and after the first day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, there should be raised, levied, colie ft ed, and paid, unto and for the use of his said Majesty, his heirs and successors, the rates and duties following; (that is to say). For and upon every newspaper, or paper containing publick news, intelligence, or occurrences, printed /^Great Britain, to be dispersed or made publick, whether the same be contained in half a Sheet or any less piece of paper, or any paper larger than half a Sheet, and not exceeding one whole Sheet, upon every Sheet and halfjheet thereof there should be charged, over and above all other rates and duties by any act of parliament imposed, an additional duty of one halfpenny: and whereas the duty now payable for and upon every newspaper contained in half a Sheet, or any less piece of paper, amounts in the whole to the sum of two-pence: and whereas the paper liable to the duties imposed by the said recited acts is now brought to the head office of the commissioners for stamping or marking vellum, parchment, a?ul paper, in foeets of double demy, to be stamped and marked by the said of, or the officers employed under them, with the fiamp or mark provided by the said commis-missioners to denote the said duty of two-pence upon every such newspaper as aforesaid: and whereas it would be greatly to the advantage of the printers and publishers of the said newspaper s, if the said of and their officers were authorised and impowered to stamp single de?ny paper in sheets instead of)lamping every half Sheet of double demy paper, and that the said power, if given, would not injure the revenue: be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent maj-eftj, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this acte, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said of, and the officers employed under them, and they are hereby authorised and impowered to stamp or mark any quantities or parcels of Tingle demy paper, in sheets which shall be brought to them for that purpose, the person bringing the Tame, paying to the receiver general of the stamp duties for the time being, or his deputy or clerk, the sum of two-pence for each such sheet of

single

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 73.' (>25

Angle demy paper as aforesaid; any act or acts to the contrary thereof respecting the said duties notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, That every such sheet of Angle demy Size of sheets. paper shall not exceed twenty-eight inches in length and twenty inches in breadth3 any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. LXXIII.

An act for directing the appointment of of, to administer certain oaths and declarations required by law to be taken and made by persons offering to vote at the elediion of members to serve in parliament.

[June ii, 1794.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS great delays have arisen in the election of members to serve in parliament for places in England, Wales, and the town of Berwick upon Tweed, by the time and place in which the oaths of allegiance, supremacy, the declaration of fidelity, ibe oath of abjuration, and the declaration or affirmation of the effect thereof are nfually administered to electors 3 and in* many places it plight thereby be rendered impracticable to receive the votes of all persons claiming and having a right to vote within the time limited by law for the duration of the polls at such eledlio's: be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, an?' commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this afc, when a poll shall be Returning of demanded at any elession of a member or members to serve in parliament for any county, city, borough, or other place in Eng- dtdates, to ap-land or Wales, or for the town of Berwick upon Tweed, the return- point persons ing officer or officers at every such election, after such poll shall to administer shall be demanded, shall, at the instance and request in writing the oaths of of any of the candidates, under his or their hand or hands, im- &ce % SianCC> mediately after such request, and before he or they shall proceed further in taking the poll, retain, nominate, and appoint, two or more persons to administer the oaths of allegiance, supremacy, the declaration of fidelity, the oath of abjuration, and the declaration or affirmation of the effect thereof, now required by law to be taken, made, or subscribed by voters at elections of members to serve in parliament, and to certify the names of the respective electors who shall take such oaths, or subscribe and make such declarations or affirmations respectively, in manner herein after mentioned3 and the persons to be appointed as aforesaid, or in manner herein after mentioned, shall respectively have full power, and each of them is hereby authorised and required to administer all and every such respective oaths, declarations, and affirmations to every such elector who shall desire or be required to take the same oaths, or any of them, or to subscribe or make the said declarations and affirmations respectively, previous to his voting at any such election 3 and every such person so appointed as afore- Persons so ap-said shall, immediately after such appointment, and before he shall J^fthe^l

ta^e lowing

Oath,

Electors to apply to such per fans before voting, who shall administer the oaths of allegiance, &cc. and give certificates thereof.

Form of

certificate of taking oaths,

Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 73. [1794.

take upon him to act under such appointment, take the following oath(that is to say),

J Do [wear. That I will faithfully and impartially administer the^oaths of allegiance, supremacy, and abjuration, and the declaration of fidelity, and declaration or affirmation of the effect of the said oath of abjuration, to such persons as fall lawfully apply to ?ne in that behalf in order to qualify themselves to vote at this election; and that I will, on being the reunto requejled, fairly and truly give to every such person, or any of them, who fall tale such oaths, or subsc rib e such declaration of fidelity, and make such declaration or affirmation of the efifctl of the said oath of abjuration, or either of them, before me, a certificate thereof according to the direction of an act of parliament, made in the thirty-fourth year of the reign of his majesty King George the Third, intituled, [Here set forth the title of the act], and that I will not give such certificate to any person before he fall have taken such oath or oaths, or made or subscribed such declaration or declarations, affirmation or affirmations, as fall be mentioned in such certificate, before me and in my presence

Which oath, to be taken by the respective persons so to be appointed, the returning officer or officers at every such election, and his or their duty and deputies, or any of them, is and are hereby authorised and required to administer.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That after the persons so appointed shall have taken such oath, so required to be taken by them respectively as aforesaid, any person or persons claiming to vote at any such election as aforesaid may at any time, before he or they shall give his or their vote or votes at such election, apply to any one of the persons so appointed and sworn as aforesaid, to take the said oaths of allegiance and supremacy, and abjuration, or any of them, or to subscribe the said declaration of fidelity, and make the said declaration or affirmation of the effect of the said oath of abjuration, or either of them, and the person to whom such application shall be made shall accordingly administer the same to such person or persons so claiming a right to vote, and shall immediately upon such oaths being taken, or declarations or affirmations respectively being subscribed or made, sign and deliver a certificate thereof to such person who, shall have taken such oaths, or made or subscribed such declarations or affirmations respectively, which certificate shall contain the name, addition, and place of abode, of the person to whom the same shall be so given; and in case of persons taking the said, oaths, shall be in the terms following; (that is to say),

A.B. [naming the person taking the oath] ^[naming the place of such person's abode, and his addition or occupation] has taken the oath or oaths] of [naming the said oath or oaths so administered] before me this day of

And in case of quakers subscribing the said declaration of fidelity*

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 73. 627

or taking their affirmation of the effect of the said oath of abjuration, shall be in the form following; (that is to say),

A.B. [naming the person subscribing or affirming] ^[naming or of making the place of such performs abode, and his addition or occupation] affirmation,

has made u?-.d Juojcribed the declaration of fidelity, and affirmed the s/fiSi of the oath of abjuration [or if only one of those acts has been done, then naming such one act only] before me this day of

And every such person to whom such certificate shall be so given, Production#of and having a right to vote at such eledsoon, shall, on producing certificate to such certificate to the returning officer or officers, or other person hititle to or persons lawfully taking the poll at such election, be permitted to poll, and his vote shall be taken and received in like manner as if such respective Oaths, declarations, or affirmations, mentioned and expressed in such respective certificate, had been administered by, and made, subscribed, or taken, before the returning officer or officers at such eledfion.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Persons o5ei> when any person or persons offering to vote at any such eledfion, ^hout^ro without producing such certificate as aforesaid, shall be lawfully dicing eer-required to take the said oaths of allegiance, supremacy, and ab- tificate, to juration, or any of them, or to subscribe the said declaration of withdraw and fidelity, and make the said declaration or affirmation of the effect of the said oath of abjuration, or either of them; then such oaths, subscription, declarations, or affirmations, or any of them, shall not be admimtered by the returning officer or officers, or other person or persons taking the poll, but the eledfor or electors so required to take such oaths, or to subscribe or make such declarations or affirmations respectively, shall immediately withdraw, and shall take the said-oaths, or subscribe and make the said de-larations or affirmations respectively, before one of the persons appointed and (worn, as aforesaid, in manner herein-before mentioned.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That If the number if at any time during the poll at any such eledfion it shall be found ' Pe}dons so that the number of persons so appointed as aforesaid is insufficient ^ouldb^in-for the purposes aforesaid, and that the poll is delayed for want of-sufficient, a Sufficient number of persons to administer such oaths, declara- more maybe tions, and affirmations as aforesaid, then and in every such case appointed, the returning officer or officers at such eledfion may, and he or they is and are hereby impowered and required, at the instance and request in writing of any candidate then present, to retain, nominate, and appoint, such further number of persons, for the purpose of administering the said oaths, declarations, and affirmations as aforesaid, and of granting such certificates as aforesaid, as shall be necessary to prevent such delay; and the persons so nominated and appointed shall take the like oath, which shall be administered to them respectively in like manner as is herein-before directed with respect to the persons first appointed for the purposes aforesaid.

Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 73. [1794.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That

ppint prope? returning. officer or returning officers at every such election

places, for tak- shall, and is and are hereby required to appoint, find, and provide, ing the oaths, a proper place for every such person, so appointed as aforesaid, to execute the duty hereby imposed upon such person, to which place the respective eieftors may have free access, without interrupting the poll, and so as to enable the persons so appointed to act separate'ly without interfering with each other in the execution of their office; and that each of the said peaces so appointed shall be open, and attended by the person or persons appointed to act there, during all such times as the poll at any such election shall be kept open, and continue at least eight hours in every day, between the hours of eight in the morning and eight in the evening, until the final close of the poll, and that the find oaths, and the said declarations or affirmations of the effect of the said oath of abjuration, shall respectively be administered to as many of the cleclors, being ready, and desiring to take or make the same respectively, as can conveniently take or make the lame together, not exceeding the number of twelve at one time; and such returning officers shall also find, provide, and deliver to each person, who shall be appointed by him or them in manner'aforesaid, a Sufficient number of printed forms of the declaration of fidelity required by law to be made and subscribed by quakers, before they can be admitted to vote at such election, with blanks therein for the names of the persons offering to make and subscribe the same ta be inserted therein, one of which forms shall be filled up with the name of, and subscribed by, the persons desiring to make and sub- feribe the declaration of fidelity, and such returning officer or returning officers shall also find, provide, and deliver to each person who shall be so appointed by him or them as aforesaid, a sufficient number of printed certificates, agreeable to the form here-in-before directed, to be filled up as occasion shall require, and deliver to each elector so taking the said oaths, or subscribing or affirming as aforesaid.

The return-

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That ing officeijcmn cape t^e candidates, or any of them, shall, three days at the lead: before any such election, give or cause to be given notice in writing to the returning officer or officers to provide proper places for administering the said oaths, declarations and affirmations as aforesaid, to the electors, then and in every such case such proper places shall be prepared and provided, so as to be ready before and against the day of election; and in case there shall not be a sufficient number of fit and convenient places for that purpose, at the town or place where such election shall be had, which the returning officer or officers can conveniently and at a reasonable expence procure, then the said returning officer or officers shall, and is and are hereby required to cause such booths or temporary erections to be made, in convenient places in that behalf, as shall be necessary for the purpose, the expence of which booths or places, and of the said printed forms, and also the allowance and compensation to be made to the several persons who shall be appointed

to

notice, to provide such places to be ready by the day of election.

Expences to be defrayed by the can-dictates.

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 74. 629

to administer the said oaths, declarations, and affirmations as aforesaid, for their trouble and attendance, not exceeding one pound one shilling a day to every or them for each day of attendance, shall be defrayed and repaid by the candidates at such election, in equal proportions to the returning officer or returning officers who shall have incurred such expence, and shall and may be recovered by such returning officer or returning officers, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminst er, by aclioq of debt, or on the case, bill, suit, or information, wherein no essoin, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

CAP. LXXIV.

An act for varying some of the provisions in an act of the thirteenth year of his present Mayefly's reign, respecting the publick highways, within that part of Great Britain called England, which relate to the performance of statute duty.

[June i i, 17, .; 4.]

WHEREAS by an act made in the thirteenth year of his

[Preamble.]

present Majestf s reign, intituled An act to explain, amend, 13 Geo. 3.0. and reduce into one act of parliament, the liatutes jrcow in being 78. in part for the amendment and preservation of the publick highways, reclteQ* within that part of Great Britain called England, and for other purposes, provisions and regulations are by a certain clause made and directed to be observed, with respect to the duty required from persons not leeping teams, draughts, or ploughs,but keeping one or tzvo bor-fes, used to draw any cart or carts, and also with respect to the sums to be paid by persons keeping coaches or other zvhecl carriages, and likewfe respecting the petfynal labour required from certain inhabitants of any parish, town ftp, or place: and whereas by another clause in the said act, persons liable to perform statute duty are impowered to compound for the same, if he, fe, or they, fall think fit, by paying to the surveyor certain firms of money, as the justices at a special fejfi-ons fall adjudge and declare to be reasonable, not exceeding the firms therein mentioned: and whereas by one other clause in the said act, the surveyor, together with the inhabitants and occupiers of lands, tenements, woods, tithes, and hereditaments, within etch parish, town-fip, or place, are directed, at proper seasons in every, year, to use their endeavours for the repair of the highways, and to be chargeable thereunto in the manner therein particularly mentioned; and the said clause also directs how the contributions in money are to be paid and recovered: and whereas by one other clause in the said act, the justices, at their special sessions, are impowered to dire ft the performance of team duty, or labour in kind, in any particular parish, tozvnfip, or place, within their respective limits, where they find high and extravagant prices are required, occasioned by the difficulty in pr ocuring neccf-jary carriages, or a fujfcient number of labourers for the repair of the highways, and dire ft ing the proportions and manner in which such team duty, or labour in kind, fall be performed: and whereas it is expedient that certain poor persons, mentioned in the said clauses, some or one of them, jhotild be exempted from performing any personal labour, and from

630 - Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 74. [1794.

from paying any composition in lieu thereof in the repair of the highways; and it will be convenient that such clauses in the said afi^ parts of which are herein-before recited, should be repealed, and other provisions besubstituted in the place thereof and that the said act should in other respects be explained and amended: be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the and from Sept, same, That from and after the twenty-ninth day of September one cited ^art^t^ou^anc^ seven hundred and ninety-four, so much of the said act, repealed. of thirteenth year of his present Majesty's reign, as contains the before-recited clauses, shall be and is hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said twenty-ninth day of September, every person who shall not keep a team, draught, or plough, but shall keep one or more cart or carts, and one or two horses or beasts of draught only, used to draw in each of such carts upon the highways, shall be obliged to perform his statute duty for the like number of days with such cart or carts, and horse or horses or beasts of draught, and one labourer to attend each cart, or to pay for the lands, tenements, woods, tithes, and hereditaments, which he shall occupy, according to the rate herein after mentioned, at the option of the surveyor; and every person who shall keep a coach, post chaise, chair, or other wheel carriage, and not keep a team, draught, or plough, nor occupy lands, tenements, woods, tithes, or hereditaments, of the annual value of fifty pounds, in the parish, town-ship, or place, where he shall reside, shall pay to the surveyor one shilling in respect of every such day's statute duty for every horse which he shall draw in any such carriage, or shall pay according to the value of the lands, tenements, or hereditaments, which he shall occupy, according to the rate herein after mentioned, at the option of the surveyor; and if the said teams, draughts, or ploughs, or any of them, shall not be thought needful by the surveyor on any of the said days, then every such person who should have sent any such team, draught, or plough, according to the directions aforesaid, shall, according to the notice to be given as herein after directed, fend unto the said work, for every one so spared, three able men, there to labour as aforesaid, or to pay to the said surveyor the sum of four shillings and sixpence in lieu thereof, at the option of the surveyor; and all such persons as aforesaid shall respectively have and bring with them such (hovels, spades, picks, mattocks, and other tools and instruments, as are useful and proper for the purposes aforesaid; and all the said persons and carriages shall diligently perform the work and labour to which they shall be appointed by such surveyor, for eight hours in every of the said days, within such parish, townsnip, or place, or in getting and carrying materials in and from any other parish, township, or place, to be employed in the repair of the highways of the parish, township, or place, for which they shall be required to perform such duty and labour as aforesaid; and if any person, team as aforesaid, shall not fend a sufficient labourer e - besides

Persons keeping carts, and horses only used to draw in them, to perform statute duty; and persons keeping a coach, See. to pay is.for each horse for each day's statute duty; or pay as herein after mentioned.

Three men to be sent in lieu of a team, if required, or to pay in lieu thereof.

Tools to be brought.

Time of working.

If sufficient persons be not '

sent, or if fendinS a

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 74

besides the driver, (except as before-mentioned), or if any such they are idle, labourer or, driver, or the driver of any cart required to perform

statute duty as aforesaid, shall refuse to work and labour during liable to the time above-mentioned, according to the direction of the fur- penalty, veyor, or if any driver shall refuse to carry proper and sufficient loads, it shall and may be lawful for such fur veyor to discharge every such team, cart, or labourer, and to recover from the owner of every such team or cart the forfeiture which every such person or persons would have incurred by virtue of the said act, in case no such team, cart, or labourer respectively, had been sent.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any per- Competition son or persons liable to perform the said duty, by fending one or PaY be made more team or teams, draught or draughts, plough or ploughs, ^team$# with men, horses, or oxen, in manner aforesaid, shall and may compound for the same, if he, she, or they, shall think fit, by

paying to the said surveyor, at the time and in the manner as in the said recited act is mentioned, such sum or sums of money as the justices of the peace, for the limits wherein such parish, town-ship, or place, shall be, or the major part of them, at their special sessions, to be held in the first week after Michaelmas quarter sessions in every year, shall adjudge and declare to be reasonable, not exceeding six shillings, nor less than three shillings, for each team, draught, or plough, for each day; and in default of their adjudging and declaring the same, the sum of four shillings and sixpence, for and in lieu of every such day's duty, for each team, draught, or plough, and for every cart and one horse or bead of draught, two shillings, and for every cart with two horses, or bead: of draught, three shillings, for and in lieu of every day's duty.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said surveyor to be Proportions of

appointed by the said act, together with the inhabitants and occu- statute labour, pijers of lands, tenements, woods, tithes, and hereditaments, t(*Sr- i&-

within each parish, township, or place, shall, at proper seasons

in every year, use their endeavours for the repair of the highways, and shall be chargeable thereunto as followeth; (that is to say), every person keeping a waggon, cart, wain, plough, or tumbrel* and three or more horses or beasts of draught, life cl to draw the same, shall be deemed to keep a team, draught, or plough, and be liable to perform statute duty with the lame in the parish, township, or place, where he retides, and shall, six days in every year, (if so many days shall be found necessary), to be computed from Michaelmas to Michaelmas, fend, on every day and at every place, to be appointed by the surveyor for the amending the highways in such parish, township, or place, one wain, cart, or carriage, furnished, after the custom of the country, with oxen, horses, or other cattle, and all other necessaries fit to carry things for that purpose, and also two able men with such wain, cart, or carriage; which duty, so performed, shall excuse every such person from his duty in such parish, township, or place, in respect of all lands, tenements, woods, tithes, or hereditaments, not exceeding the annual value of fifty pounds which he shall

occupy

6 % z Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 74. [1794.

occupy therein; and every person keeping such team, draught* or plough, and occupying, in the same parish, township, or place, lands, tenements, woods, tithes, or hereditaments, of the yearly value of fifty pounds over and beyond the said yearly value of fifty pounds in respect whereof such team duty shall be performed; and every such person occupying lands, tenements, woods, tithes, or hereditaments, of the yearly value of fifty pounds, in any other parish, township, or place, besides that wherein he resides; and every other person not keeping a team, draught, or plough, but occupying lands, tenements, woods, tithes, or hereditaments, of the yearly value of fifty pounds, in any parish, township, or place, shall in like manner respectively, and for the same number of days, find and fend one wain, cart, or carriage, furnished with not less than three horses or four oxen, and one horse or two oxen, and two horses and two able men to each wain, cart, or carriage, and in like manner for every fifty pounds per annum respectively, which every such person shall further occupy in any such parish, township, or place respectively; such wains, carts, or carriages, to be employed by the surveyor in the repairing and amending the highways within the parish, township, or place, where such lands, tenements, woods, tithes, or hereditaments, shall respectively _tolie; and every person who shall not keep a team, draught, or ofstatute611 plough, but shall occupy lands, tenements, woods, tithes, or duty by cer-" hereditaments, under the yearly value of fifty pounds, in the tain persons. parish, township, or place, where he resides, or in any other parish, township, or place; and every person keeping a team, draught, or plough, and occupying lands, tenements, woods, tithes, or hereditaments* under the yearly value of fifty pounds, in any other parish, township, or place, than that wherein he resides, shall respectively contribute to the repair of the highways, and pay to the surveyor of such parish, township, or place respectively, in lieu of such duty, the sums following; videlicet, for every twenty shillings of the annual value of such lands, tenements, woods, tithes, or hereditaments respectively, the sum of one penny for every day's statute duty which shall be required and called for by the surveyor of such parish, township, or place respectively, in every year, not exceeding six days duty in the Sums to be whole as aforesaid; and every such person respectively shall in

paid. like manner pay the sum of one penny for every twenty shillings

of the annual value of the lands, tenements, woods, tithes, and hereditaments, which he shall occupy in any such parish, township, or place respectively, above the annual value of fifty pounds* and less than one hundred pounds, and so for every twenty shillings that each progressive and intermediate annual value of twenty shillings of the lands, tenements, woods, tithes, and hereditaments, which he shall so occupy, shall fall short of the further increase of fifty pounds in every parish, township, or place, where such lands, tenements, woods, tithes, and hereditaments, shall respectively lie, for every day's statute duty so to be required as aforesaid; provided that no person keeping such team, draught, or plough, and performing duty with the same as aforesaid in the

parish,

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 74. 633

parish, township, or place, where he resides, and not occupying Persons keep-lands, tenements, woods, tithes, or hereditaments, within the^nd'pe'r-fame of the yearly value of thirty pounds, shall be obliged to forming defend more than one labourer with such team, draught, or plough: ty in the which laid several sums shall be considered as compositions, and Pjfct' ^re* shall be paid to the surveyor of the parish, township, or place, not occupying in which they are charged, for the use of the highways therein, at premises of the time such compositions are to be paid under the authority of the yearly the said act, or within ten days after, or in default of such pay- value of 30l.

ments the said surveyor shall make application to a justice of the l* 5ato _ a. lend moe

peace acting for the limit or diltnct wherein such default shall be than one la-made, and the justice to whom such application shall be made shall bourer. summon the party so making default to appear at some special or gums to ]3e other petty sections, to be holden for such limit or district, and deemed comat which two justices at the least shall be present, to shew cause portions, and why he has refused or neglected to pay such composition money; and in default of appearance, or if on appearance he shall not lurve>01> c make it appear to the satisfaction of the said justices that he is Justices to poor and indigent, and as such is an obied deserving relief, such money shall be levied by distress and sale of the goods and chattels 9

of the person or persons refilling or neglecting to pay the same, in such manner as the forfeitures for the neglect in performing the statute duty are hereby authorised to be levied and raised: provided pQOr persons always, That when, on application as above-mentioned, the difeharsed justices shall think proper to difeha-rge any poor and indigent from pay-person from payment of the rate or composition money, such ^the person shall at the same time be discharged from any expences dtfclwg<fd which may arise in consequence of such summons and from expen-appearance. ces.

V. And whereas it may frequently happen, that persons wholly gaining their livelihood by the ivages of daily labour, and occupying rateable tenements within a parish township, or place, by reason of age, f chiefs, a numerous family, or misfortune, may be in poor and indigent circimstances, and it may be expedient, in certain cases, to discharge such poor and indigent persons from all rates, assessments, or composition whatsoever, imposed by authority of the above-recited add; be it further enacted, That on the application of any poor and Justices may indigent person to be discharged from the payment of the rate or ex^Pt^oor composition, made to any two justices of the peace, at any special payment of" or petty sections, held for the limits wherein such poor and indi- the rates, gent person shall reside, the said justices (having first given notice to the surveyor of the highways to appear on the part of the parish, township, or place, in which such poor person shall reside) shall inquire and examine into the situation and ire urn fiances of the person making such application; and if it shall appear to the satisfaction of such justices that such person is really poor and indigent, and a deserving object of such relief, the said justices may, and they are hereby impowered to exempt such poor and indigent person from the payment of ail rates aiTeftments, cr composition

whatsoever, imposed b\ Vol. XXXIX.

the said recited act, 1' t

Justices may direct team duty to be performed in kind.

Exception,

Labourers may be ordered to do statute duty on payment of the usual wages.

Persons to perform duty in kind to be drawn by lot.

Recited act of 13 Geo. 3. except hereby altered, to continue in force.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if it shall appear to the justices, at their special sessions, to be held in the week next after Michaelmas quarter sessions, or at any other special or petty sessions held within the limits of any parish, township, or place, at which two or more justices shall be present, that, from the directions herein-before given for the performing and compounding the statute duty, there will be difficulty in procuring the necessary carriage, or a sufficient number of labourers, for the repair of the highways, in any particular parish, township, or place, within their respective limits, without paying high and extravagant prices for the same, it shall and may be lawful for such justices to order and direct the team duty, or so much thereof as they shall think fit, to be performed in kind within every such parish, township, or place, except in respeef of such teams as belong to persons who do not occupy lands, tenements, woods, tithes, or hereditaments, of the annual value of thirty pounds within the same, and also to order all such persons as shall gain their living by the wages of daily labour, or such part of them as they shall think fit, to perform six days labour upon such highways in kind, either by themselves or other sufficient labourers, in case so many days duty shall be required, upon being paid for such labour the usual and customary wages given to labourers in such parish, township, or place; provided that if part of such teams or labourers only are required, it shall be directed by the said order of the justices, in some given proportion, as one half, third, or fourth part thereof; and the surveyor shall, in that case, at a publick vestry for such parish, township, or place, put the names of all the persons liable by this act to fend such teams, into one hat or box, and the names of all the persons liable to perform such labour into another hat or box, and some inhabitant then present shall draw out such number from each as shall be equal to the proportion so ordered by the said justices, and the persons so drawn shall perform such duty in kind for that year; and that if any such order shall be made or continued in the subsequent year, the same method shall be observed, but the names drawn in the preceding year shall not be put into such hat or box; and in every succeeding year such method and regulation shall be observed by such surveyor, as to render the duty so required to be performed in kind, as equal amongst the several persons liable thereto as may be; which order of the said justices, so far as the same shall be extended, shall supersede the said power or liberty of compounding, and shall be binding and effectual to all intents and purposes whatsoever, and shall continue in force until it shall be discharged or varied by the justices at some subsequent special sessions for the highways within such limit, to be held in the week next after Michaelmas quarter sessions; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all the clauses, powers, and provisions, contained in the said aht of the thirteenth year of his present Maj: fly's reign (except such as are hereby repealed

or

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 75. 635

or altered) shall continue in force, in the same manner as if the same were repeated and re-enacted in the body of this present act; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. LXXV.

An act for the better management of the land revenue of the crown, and for the sale of fee farm and other unimprove able rents.

[June 11, 1794.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that provison should be made for the better management of the land revenues of the crown, within the ordering and survey of the exchequer in England: and whereas, by an act, made in the first year of the reign of fipueen Anne, 1 Anne, c. i, (intituled An act for the better support of her Majesty's house- reCLte<E hold, and of the honour and dignity of the crown), it was (among ft other things) enacted and declared, That all and every grant, lease, or other affurancs, which, from and after the five and twentieth day of March one thousand seven hundred and two, should be made or granted by the said fipueen, her heirs or successors, Kings or fipueen s of this realm, under any of the seals therein mentioned, or by copy of court roll, or otherwfe howsoever, of any manors, messuages, lands, tenements, rents, tithes, woods, or other hereditaments, [advowsons of churches and vicarages only excepted), to any person or persons, body politick or corporate whatever, whereby any eft ate or inter ejl should pajs from the said jpuccn, her heirs or successors, should be utterly void and of none efftft, unless the same should he made for same term or estate not exceeding thirty-one years, or three lives, and unless there should be reserved uy such grants, leafs, or assurances, such rents, as in the said act are expressed; in which said act is contained a proviso that where the greatest part of the yearly value of any tenements or hereditaments belonging to the said fifteen, her heirs and successors, should at the time of making any lease or grant thereof conjijl of the building or buildings thereupon, which might want to be

repaired, or re-edified, in even such case, to encourage the rebuilding or reparation thereof it was declared and enacted, that it should be lawful for the said fifteen, her heirs and successors, at any time after the said five and twentieth day of March one thousand seven hundred and two, to demfs or grant such tenements or hereditaments to any person or persons for any term or eft ate so as such term and estate did not exceed fifty years, or three lives, and so as such lease or grant fioould be made to commence from the date or an a king thereof; or if such grant or lease should be made to take effect in reversion or expectancy, that then the same, together with the eft ate. or estates in pqffession of and in the same tenements or hereditaments, should not exceed fifty years, or three lives, from the dale or making thereof as afore [aidj and so as the same should not be made difpunishable of ivafle, and so as there should be reserved and payable upon every such leaf or grant, during such term, not exceeding fifty years, or three lives, as much rent as was by the said act required to be reserved for the same tenements or hereditaments respectively, in caje of a lease not exceeding

Clause 6 of recited act, so far as contrary to this act:, repealed.

Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 75. [1794.

one and thirty years, or three lives, and not otherwise: and whereas, the better to encourage the erecting of large substantial houses, and other buildings, upon the lands of the crown, within the ordering and survey aforesaid, and for the improvement of the revenue arising therefrom, /f zr expedient that the powers in and by the said act containecl and given, for clemifing and granting any tenements or hereditaments of the defer iption laji aforesaid, fhoidd be enlarged, and further provision made for securing an improvement and inc^ease of the rents to be in future paid or reserved in respect thereof: be it therefore enacted by the King's more excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said recited proviso in the said act of the first year of Queen Anne contained, so far as the same, is contrary to any of the provisions in this ac!, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed; and that all and every lease or grant which, after the passing of this act, shall be made or passed under the great seal, or the seal of the exchequer, of any tenements or hereditaments, whereof the greatest part of the yearly value shall conliit of the buildings thereupon, or of any hand or ground which shall be set apart or appropriated for buildings, by force and virtue of this a64, and where the lessee or grantee, lessees or grantees, shall agree and covenant to erect buildings thereon of greater yearly value than, the land or ground so to be leased or granted, shall be made for such term, estate, and interest, and in such manner, as by this act is directed, and not otherwise, or in other manner; and if any lease or grant shall be made, of any such tenements or hereditaments, land or ground, contrary to the authority and directions of this act, the same shall be utterly void and of none effe6f; any thing, in the said act, of the first year of Queen Anne, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to affect any subsisting lease or grant already made by the crown, under and by virtue of the said recited act, but that such lease or grant shall remain and be in as full force and effect, to all intents and purposes, as if this act had not been made.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That where any land or ground belonging or hereafter to belong to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, within the ordering and survey aforesaid, shall be deemed, by the lord high treasurer or commissioners of the treasury for the time being, fit and proper for the erection of houses or other buildings thereupon, or for necessary gardens, yards, curtilages, and other appurtenances, to be used

tions of greater and enjoyed therewith, and shall be by their order directed to he yearly vqlue^ reserved or set apart and appropriated to that use, and where the lessee or grantee, lellees or grantees, shall agree and covenant to erect buildings thereon of greater yearly value than the land or ground so to be leased or granted, or where the greatest part of the yearly value of any tenements or hereditaments belonging to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, as aforesaid, doth' or shall, at e the

Act not to affect subsisting leases or grants.

His Majesty may grant land for building, for 99 years or three lives, where the leffees agree to make evec-

than the land, or where the greatest part of the, yearly vd u c of the premies conhlie of bull ding. 3. & c.

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 75- 637

the time of making any Jeafe or grant thereof, consist of any building or buildings thereupon, in all and every or any of such cases, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his heirs or successors, to demise or grant the land or ground so directed to be set apart as aforesaid, or the tenements or hereditaments of the description laid aforesaid reflectively, to any person or persons, or to any body or bodies politick or corporate, under the great seal of Great Britain, or the seal of the exchequer, for any terra or estate, so as such term or estate, do not exceed ninety-nine years, or three lows, to be computed from the date or making of any such lease or grant respectively; or if any such lease or grant be made to take effect in reversion or expectancy, then that the term and estate thereby to be granted, together with the term or ePrate, terms or estates, in possession of and in the same land and ground, tenements and hereditaments respectively, shall not exceed ninety-nine years, or three lives, computed from the date or making thereof as aforesaid; and so as the respective rents herein-alter specified be reserved for the same, (that is to say), where there shall happen to be any substantial building or buildings upon the ground to be demised, or that the building or buildings thereupon shall not require, or not be intended and agreed to be rebuilt, there shall be reserved to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, an annual rent or rents not being less than two third parts of such annual sum as shall be deemed, by the lord high treasurer or of of the treasury for the time being; 'a reasonable rent or consideration for such building; or buildings, and ground respectively, for the term and estate intended to be granted of and in the same; and so as there be paid to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, a fine or fines, to the amount of the remaining part of such annual sum as aforesaid, subject to a discount, which shall not be computed at a higher rate than the highed legal rate of intered at the time of making any such grant or lease; and when there shall happen to be no substantial building upon the land or ground to be demised, or that the building or buildings thereupon require, or shall be intended and agreed to be forthwith rebuilt, or other new buildings to be erected upon such land or ground, then, and in that case, there shall be reserved such annual rent or rents as shall be deemed, by the lord high treasurer or of of the treasury for the time being, to be a reasonable rent or consideration for such land or ground, and old buildings respectively, for the term and estate intended to be granted of and in the same, without taking any fine for the same; and so as in every lease or grant of land or ground, and buildings, of the description last aforesaid, there be contained a covenant or condition, on the part of the lessee or grantee, for the erecting of proper and substantial houses or other buildings thereon, within a reasonable time, to be in each case limited for that purpose, and such other covenants for keeping buildings in repair, and doing all such other acts, as the lord high treasurer or of of the treasury for the time being, shall think reasonable j and so as all and every such rent

638

On every gnrnt (except as herein excepted) annual rents to be referred, without taking any hue, &c.

Grants not to be renewed until within a certain number of years prior to their expiration;

Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 75. [1754.

and rents be reserved to be paid, free and dear of all manner of taxes and assessments whatsoever, for and during the whole of the term or terms to be granted or demited, except such rent, or such part thereof, during such part of such term or terms as the lord high treasurer or of of the treasury for the tir$e being, shall in any case think fit and expedient to be allowed, not exceeding in any case the term of three years-, and so as every such grantee or lessee, grantees or lessees, shall and do duly sign, seal, and deliver, a counterpart or counterparts of his, her, or their respective grant or lease, grants or leases, which counterparts shall not be subject to any (lamp duty; and that all and every such grants and leases, so made as aforesaid, according to the true intent and meaning of this act, shall be good, valid, and effectual in the law; any thing contained in the said act of the first of Queen Anne^ or in any other act, to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That on every grant, lease, or other assurance which shall be made or granted by his Majesty, his heirs or successors, under the great seal, or f.al of the exchequer, or either of them, of any manors, messuages, lands, tenements, rents, tythes, woods, or other hereditaments, (advowsons of churches and vicarages, and such tenements and grounds, with edifices or buildings erected thereon, as are hereby authorised to be granted for any term, not exceeding ninety-nine years or three lives, and whereon any fine or fines shall be payable as aforesaid, only excepted)^ within the kingdom of England and dominion of Wales, or any of them, or any part thereof, now belonging, or hereafter to belong, to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, and being within the ordering and survey aforesaid, in possession, reversion, remainder, use, or expectancy, to any person or persons, body politick or corporate, whereby any estate or interest whatever, in law or equity, shall or may pass from his Majesty, his heirs or successors, there shall be reserved such clear annual rent or rents as shall be deemed, by the lord high treasurer or of of the treasury for the time being, to be a reasonable rent or consideration for such grant or lease, without taking any fine for the same; and such rent or rents shall be made payable to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, during the whole term or time of the continuance thereof respectively; and no such lease or grant, leases or grants, shall be good or effectual in the law, unless the grantee or lessee, grantees or Jeflees therein, do and shall duly sign, seal, and deliver, a counterpart or counterparts of his, her, or their respective grant or lease, grants or leases, so made as aforesaid, according to the true intent and meaning of this act, which counterparts shall not be subject to any stamp duty.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall not be lawful to renew any lease or grant of any manors, messuages, lands, tenements, tythes, woods, or other hereditaments, now belonging or hereafter to belong to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, within the ordering and fupvey aforesaid, for

any

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 75. 639

any term of years whatever, until within five years of the period of the expiration of the same, except such tenements and hereditaments as are hereby authorised to be granted for any term not exceeding ninety-nine years, nor to renew any grant or lease of any such tenements or hereditaments as are hereby authorised to be granted for such term, not exceeding ninety-nine years, until within twenty years of the period of the expiration of the same* nor any lease or grant for lives, so long as there shall be more than one of such lives in being, except in the cases herein after mentioned.

VI. Provided always, and it is hereby enabled and declared.

That if it shall appear, to the satisfaction of the lord high trea- except in cases surer or lords commissioners of the treasury for the time being, spec*te

that any persons or person have or has, at any time before the pasting of this act, entered into any covenants or engagements to obtain renewals of leases at earlier periods, in confidence that the same could be renewed according to the ordinary practice in such cases, it shall be lawful in such cases to renew any lease or grant at a greater difiance of time from the period of the expiration thereof, so as to enable such person or persons to perform such covenants or engagements} any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding: provided also, That if any person or ^t^ncTfine^ persons shall be the le/fee or lessees of any tythes of any lands, or 'be m3C^c of any other profits ifilling out of any lands, and shall be also the in certain owner or owners of, or interested in, such lands, it shall be lawful cases, for the lord nigh treasurer or lords commissioners of the treasury for the time being, to order a renewal of leases of such tythes or other profits, at such times as shall appear to them convenient for the most beneficial enjoyment of such tythes or other profits, together with such lands respectively: provided also, That if it shall be made appear to the satisfaction of the lord high treasurer or lords commissioners of his Majesty's treasury for the time being, that any persons or person having any lease of any lands belonging to his Majesty have cr has, before the pasting of this act, made any demile of such lands, or entered into any agreement to de-rnife the same, for the purpose of improving the same by building, and have or has entered into any covenants or engagements, in consequence whereof such persons or person would, by reason of the improvements so made, be bound to pay, upon the renewal of any lease or grant of such lands, more than such persons or person would be entitled to receive from the under lessees or lessee thereof, it shall be lawful for the lord high treasurer or of of the treasury for the time being, to make a just abatement in the rent and fine to be reserved and paid to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in consequence of such improvement, and that such lease or grant as shall be made (regard being had to such circumstances) shall be good and effectual; any thing in this act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, \yaftes That where any wastes, commons, or other lyfinclpfed lands or for improve-grounds, within the ordering and survey aforesaid, in which his mer>t, lands

T Majesty, to thegrowth

640 Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 75. [1794.

of wood, See. Majesty, his heirs and successors, has or shall have any interest, shall be deemed fit and proper to be divided, inclosed, drained, or able^to recited otherwise improved, and shall be, by authority of parliament or or this act. otherwise, authorised and directed to be divided and inclosed, or where any lands or grounds belonging to and held under any lease or grant from his Majesty, his heirs or successors, or from any of his Majesty's royal predeccflbrs, under the great seal, or seal of the exchequer, shall be deemed, by the lord high treasurer or of of the treasury for the time being, fit and expedient to be planted and appropriated to the growth of wood or timber, or any farm house, or other substantial building, to be erected for the better management and improvement of any lands or grounds, or any pits, {halts, levels, watercourses, engines, or other works, to be digged, sunk, erected, or made, for the better and more advantageous working of any mines, quarries, or colheries, belonging to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, and held as aforesaid, and where the term or estate in possession of and in the same respectively shall be deemed, by the lord high treasurer or of of the treasury, to be insufficient to repay the costs and charges of such works and improvements, with reafo.11-able profit and advantage to the parties making or causing the same to be made, or to their representatives or assigns, in all and every such case and cases it shall and may be lawful, at any time or times hereafter, to renew any such lease, or to grant any further or other lease of any such lands or grounds, mines, quarries, or colheries, or any part thereof, for any term or eslate, not exceeding the terms or estates authorised to be granted of lands, tenements, or hereditaments, of such or the like descriptions, by Where the said a 6b of the first year of Queen Anne^ or by this act; and

houses, &c. that where any houses or other buildings shall require, or shall be bifil^&cf fur ^nten<^ec^ ar*d agreed to be rebuilt, or any new houses or other ther leases " buildings to be eredbed, or where any houses or other buildings may be grant-have been, at any time before the passing of this act, eredbed ed. upon any land or ground belonging to, and held under, any

lease or grant, whereof the term or estate in possession at the time of erecting such houses or other buildings respectively shall be deemed, by the lord high treasurer or commissioners of the treasury, to be insufficient to repay the cost and charges of erect-ing such houses or buildings, with reasonable profit and advantage to the parties erecting or causing the same to be eredbed, or to their representatives or assigns, in all and every such case and cases it shall and may be lawful, at any time or times hereafter, to grant any further or other lease of any such houses or other buildings, and land or ground respectively, for any term or estate, not exceeding the terms and estates hereby authorised to be granted; provided that in every such lease there be reserved and made payable to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, such rent or rents as is or are hereby required to be reserved, and that covenants or conditions be inserted therein, on the part of the respective grantees or lessees, for erecting such new houses or other buildings, and performing such respective works and improvements,

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 75, 641

at the cods and charges of such grantees or lessees, within a reasonable time, to be in each case limited and appointed for that purpose, where such houses or other buildings, or such works and improvements, shall not have been previously erected, made, or performed.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That before the making of any grant or lease under the great Before any seal, or seal of the exchequer, of any manors, messuages, lands, lsa fur tenements, rents, tythes, woods, or other hereditaments, now be- vey Of the longing, or hereafter to belong to his Majesty, his heirs or fuc- premises, and cessors, within the ordering and survey aforesaid, a survey of the aneftimateof premises, where the same shall be capable of such survey, and an ^nu^vahfe1 estimate of the improved annual value thereof, shall be had and j-0 he'made*made by such able and practical surveyors of land or of houses and certified (according to the nature of the case) as shall be named for that by the fur-purpose, by or under the order and direction of the lord high trea- veyor> surer or commissioners of the treasury, or of the surveyor general of the land revenues of the crown for the time being, which said surveyors of land or of houses shall certify, by their reports in writing under their hands, what in their judgment is or are the true and fair improved annual worth or value of the respective efhtes so by them surveyed and valued, clear of all taxes, assefT-ments, and reprizes whatever 5 and where the greatest part of the value thereof shall consist of the building or buildings thereon, or of ground set apart and appropriated for building, the said surveyor or surveyors shall certify the true and fair annual worth or value of the respective buildings, land, or ground, clear of all contributions for the expences of building of party walls, or repairing the same, and of repairing, and keeping in repair, the respective buildings, (as the case may be), and also of all taxes, assessments, and reprizes whatever, and also what is or shall then appear to be the true hate and condition of such buildings, in point of their repair, hrength and durability; and also for what term of years it shall appear to him or them to be mol! beneficial for the interest of the crown to grant such buildings or ground respectively, regard being had to the quality and condition of the buildings then handing upon such ground, and of the buildings proposed to be erected thereonj and every person who shall be An oath to employed to make surveys and ePci mates, or valuations, of any eac^hu^ to such manors, messuages, lands, tenements, rents, tythes, woods,

or other hereditaments as aforesaid, in consequence of applications for grants or renewals of leases thereof, shall annex to each survey and ehimate, or valuation, an oath (or, being of the people called fakers, an affirmation) taken and subscribed by him before a julfice of the peace in any county, city, or liberty, within this kingdom, the tenor whereof shall be as follows

I A.B. do swear, [or, being a quaker, do solemnly affirm] 'That the Form of oath.^survey or account hereto annexed was faithfully and impartially made by me; that the value of the property of the crown therein contained is jujily estimates therein, according to the befl of my skill and

judgment;

64z Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 75. [1794.

judgment; and that all the particulars stated in the said survey or account are truei to the bef of my knoivlcdge and belief.

So help me GOD.

O.'-tTr to be filed.

Geo. j. cv 8 7, and jo- Geo. 2r* jro, recited'; and

Which oath or affirmation, so taken and subscribed, shall be filed with the survey and estimate in the proper office for depositing the same.

Leases of pre-

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where v-nifes of a any tenements or hereditaments, of which a lease or grant may be aPP^ed for, shall happen to be of a known, fixed, and unimprove-renewed with- a^e value, or where the nature of such tenements or heredita-ont ikrwy. merits, or the eircumfiances relative thereto, the annual worth or value thereof, cannot be known or ascertained by the means of a.survey or inspection thereof, or where the value of such tenements or hereditaments shall be previously known to be so final I or inconsiderable that it shall not be deemed expedient to incur the expence of taking a survey thereof, in any such case it shall and maybe lawful to grant or renew a lease of such tenements or hereditaments, without causing a survey or estimate to be previously made thereof, if the lord high treasurer or of of the treasury shall so order and direct.

X. And whereas, by an act, made in the twenty-forth year of the reign of his present Majesty, (intituled An act for appointing commifioners to enquire into the frate and condition of the woods, forests, and land revenues, belonging to the crown; and to fell or alienate fee farm and other unimproveable rents); and by another act, made in the thirtieth year of his present Majesty's reign, (intituled An act to continue and amend an act, made in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled,

4. An act for appointing of to enquire into the state-and condition of the woods, forests, and land revenues, belonging to the crown; and to fell or alienate fee farm and other unimproveable rents), it was (among other things) enabled. That it should and might be lawful for the of named in, or to be appointed under the authority of the said a his, to couirabi and agree with any person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, for the file of any fee farm rents, rents services, rents feck, quit rents, chauntry rents, guild re?its, cafle guard rents, vifeontial rents, and other dry, fixed, and unimproveable rents, due and payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, within the survey and receipt of his Majesty's exchequer y at or for the bast prices or confidei'aliens in money which the said. of should be able to procure, not being less than after the several rates of purchase therein mentioned: and whereas the whole of the said rents were not fold or dispofd of previous to the expiration of the said acts: be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the tenth day of October one thousand fever* hundred and ninety-four, it shall and may be lawful for the surveyor general of the land revenues of the crown now or for the g, to contract and agree with any person or persons, or ilot(jq\ any bodies politick or corporate, for the sale of any fee farm posed of under rents* rents services, rents feck, chauntry rents, caftie guard them* rents.

ffiom Oct. io, s794, the surveyor general may coiitiaft for the sale of time being teetarm rents.

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 75.

rents, viscontial rents, and other dry, fixed, and unimproveable rents, except quit rents and copyhold rents {landing in charge as parcel of or belonging to any manor or reputed manor, due and payable to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, in England or in I'Vales, within the survey and receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, at or for the bed prices or considerations in money which the said surveyor general shall be able to procure for the same, and which shall be approved of by the lord high treasurer or commissioners of the treasury for the time being, not being less than the several rates or purchase enacted and provided by the said recited act of the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty*

XI. And for facilitating the conveyance of the aforesaid rents to the rejpcclive purchasers thereof be it further enacted, That the Bank to opeTj governor and directors of the bank cf England shall, and they are hereby required to open an account in their books, under the paj^ title of A11 Account of the Sale of Fee Farm Rents, and carry to the credit of such account the several monies by this act directed to be paid to the cashiers of the bank, for or on account of the purchase of any such rents as aforesaid; and wheidoever the said fur- Surveyor ge-veyor general shall have contracted with any person or persons, neral to grant bodies politick or corporate, for the file of any rent or rents, the said surveyor general shall grant unto the purchaser or purchasers 0 be^TidT^ a certiftcate under his hand, specifying the rent so contracted for, which is to and the amount of the purchase money to be paid for the same; be received at and the said cashiers of the bank, or one of them, shall, upon the Jcce^Ts^'iven production of such certificate, accept and receive from such pur- o^the certf-11 chafer or-purchasers the purchase monies therein specified, and at ficates, which, the foot or on the back of such certificate acknowledge the re- beinginrolled ceipt of the said monies, without fee or reward; and the said cer- ^to^oldhe' tificate and receipt shall be afterwards brought to the office of the land revenue, respective auditor of the land revenue, and be there forthwith in- shall give rolied, in proper books to be provided and kept for that purpose, poffdfion. separate and apart from the other business and proceedings of the said respective offices; and such auditor having inrolled the said certificate and receipt as aforesaid, shall attest the same, under his hand, and return the said certificate and receipt to the purchaser or purchasers; and from and immediately after such inrolment, and thenceforth for ever, the respective purchasers of such rents, and their heirs or successors, shall by force of this act be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be, in the actual seisin and possession of the rents so by them respectively purchased, and shall hold and enjoy the same peaceably and quietly, freed and dif-pharged of and from all claims and demands which can or may be made by his Majesty, his heirs or successors, or by any person or persons lawfully claiming by, from, or under, hirn or them, and of and from all manner of incumbrances whatsoever, heretofore made or charged upon the same rents, and as fully and amply, to all intents and purposes, as his Majesty, his heirs or successors, might or could have held or enjoyed the same; and shall have and enjoy all and singular the powers, remedies, benefits, and advantages, for the recovery thereof, given or allowed

to

Certificates to be in the following

to the purchasers of rents in and by two acts of parliament, made and passed in the twenty-second and twenty-third years of the reign of his late majesty King Charles the Second, or any other law or statute whatever, in as large and ample manner and form as if such purchasers had been made of, and the said rents conveyed by, the trustees or commissioners appointed or authorised by or under and by virtue of the same acts, or either of them.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the certificates to be granted by the said surveyor general, on the sale of any rent or rents as aforesaid, shall be expressed in the words following, or as near thereto as may be; (that is to say),

By the Surveyor General of his Majesty's Land Revenue.

Form; CJ^HESE are to certify, That the said surveyor general hath con-

trailed and agreed with A.B. for the sale to him [her, or theru as the case may be] of all that rent of ijfutng and

payable out ^[briefly describing the lands or hereditaments chargeable] now or late payable by at or for the price

cr sum of of lawful money of Great Britain, to be

paid by the said A.B. into the bank of England, and carried to the account of the sale offee farm rents [and in the case of a subsisting lease then the following words are to be added] subject never the-less to a lease thereof granted under the great feat of Great Britain [or, the seal of his Majesty's exchequer, as the case may be] bearing date the day of one thousand

f even hundred and unto for a term

of years which vaill expire on or about the

day of and from and immediately after the payment of the said sum in manner aforesaid, and the 'enrolment of this certificate, and the receipt fior the said purchase money in the office of the commissioners for auditing the publick accounts of the kingdom, and thenceforth for ever, the purchaser or purchasers [as the case may be] of the said rent or rents] and his or their heirs, sucessors, or nffgns, shall be adjudged> deemedand taken to be in the actualfeifin and possession of the said rent or rents] so by him purchased, by force and virtue of an act of parliament, paffid in the thirty-fourth year of the reign of his mayfly King George the Thirds intituled An act [inferring the title of this act].

Given under the hand of the said surveyor general, the day of

andwitnessed. 'Which said certificates shall be respectively witnessed and attested, as to the signing thereof, by the said surveyor general, by one of Receipts of t; he principal clerks, or other officers in his office; and that the the bmk to be receipts to be given or subscribed by the cashier of the bank, at -.nf foot or on the of such certificates respectively as aforesaid, shall be in the words and figures following, or as near thereto as may be; (that is to say),

in the following

Form:

Received the

day of

one t.houfandseven hundred

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 75. 645

hundred and of and from A.B. the sum of

of lawful money of Great Britain, being ike corf deration money expressed in the above [or within'] written certificate.

Witness my hams For the governor and company of the bank of England*

(Signed)

Go finer.

and to be distributed as

Which said certificates and receipts, being enrolled as aforesaid, and whetien-

shall effectually discharge the said purchasers, or other persons to

whom the same shall be so given and granted, of and from the p^hafexs.

purchase and consideration money therein respectively expressed,

and such purchasers or other persons shall never afterwards be

liable to, or called upon, sued, troubled, molested, or questioned,

for or in respectt of such purchase or consideration money, or any part thereof.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the certificates and re- Certificates

ceipts hereby directed to be given shall be made forth and inrolled and receipts at the expence of the persons entitled to or requiring the same, to trle. for which certificates such fees shall be paid (exclusive of the cx- p^ties

pence offramps, parchment, and inrolling) as the lord high trea- Fees to be surer or of of the treasury shall direct and establish, paid for cer-in proportion to the value of the rents to be sold, so that no tificates, greater fee be paid for any one rent than twenty shillings and if

the certificate be for more rents than one, a further fee shall be paid for every such rent, not exceeding one fourth of the fee taken for the highefb rent included in the same certificate; and the like fees as aforesaid, and no more, shall be taken for the inrolment of the said certificates and receipts; which find fees shall be received by and di-stribuetd amongst the officers and clerks of the the^furvcvoc said surveyor general, in such manner and proportion as the said general id ail surveyor general shall direct, direct.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That where the consideration Stamp duty

money contracted to be paid for any purchase or discharge what- on certifi-soever, authorised to be made by this act, shall exceed the sum cates* r<ft of ten pounds, the certificate of the said surveyor general shall be u

written on parchment, stamped or notified with such a (lamp

duty as is required by law for common conveyances of lands, and no other damp shall be requisite for the ealhiefts receipt for such consideration money; and where such consideration money shall not exceed the sum of ten pounds, the said certificates ill all or may be written on parchment, without any other (lamp duty than such as shall by law be requisite for the cnfhlefts receipt; and that in ail cases where the consideration to be paid for the purchase of any such rent or rents, by the owners of the lands, tenements, or hereditaments, out of which the same are payable, to any purchaser or purchasers of such rents under this act, his or their heirs and assigns, shall not exceed the sum of ten pounds, the conveyance thereof shall or may he written on parchment, without any other ft amp duty than such as shall bylaw be required for the receipt for the consideration money.

of person s neglecting to procure certificates. occ. for 14 days to be null, and the consideration money forfeited, unit fs the surveyor general shall order inrolment.

Money paid into the bank to be laid out in the 3 per cent, confols, &c.

646 Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 75. [1794.

The contracts

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any person or persons, with whom the said surveyor general shall contract for any of the rents by this act authorised to be sold, discharged, or extinguished, shall neglect to procure and sue forth the certificate of the fin'd surveyor general of his, her, or their contract, or shall neglect to pay into the bank: the consideration money therein to be specified, or shall neglect to inroll such certificate, and the cashier's receipt for the said money, according to the directions of this act, for the space of fourteen days, to be computed from the day on which such contract shall have been made, the said contract shall be null and void, and the consideration money, if paid into the bank, shall be forfeited unless the said surveyor general shall, for any reasonable cause to him shewn for the omission of such inrolment, order the said certificate to be in-rolied, nunc pro tunc, and which, upon such cause being shewn, he is hereby authorised to order accordingly.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every sum and sums of money which shall be paid into the bank of England under or by virtue of this act, on account of the sale of fee farm rents, shall from time to time be laid out, by the order of the said surveyor general, in the purchase of three per centum consolidated bank annuities, in the name of the lord high treasurer of England, in which name the governor and company of the bank of England are hereby authorised and required to permit transfers to be made of the annuities, funds, or fiock, so to be purchased, and such transfers to be accepted by the said surveyor general, for and in the rtame of the lord high treasurer of England, and the said surveyor general is hereby required to accept the lame ac-

Annuities not cordincrly; and that all and singular the annuities so to be pur-^d^\\Hthoiitr- chaled and accepted shall remain inverted in the lord high trea-authority of surer, or the commissioners for executing the office of lord high parliament, treasurer, for the time being, and shall not be transferred or yUtri1f b^ to trar, ffrrable without the authority of parliament; but all the in-order of the tercfts of the said annuities or yearly dividends shall be, from treasury. and time to time, paid by the said governor and company into the applied as the hands of such person or persons as shall be appointed to receive land revenues tjle fame5 by warrant or power of attorney, 'under the hand and seal of the lord high treasurer, or of the commissioners of the treasury for the time being, and Hi all, by force and virtue of this act, be deemed and taken in law to be part of the said land revenues of the crown, and shall be from time to time answered, accounted for, applied, and appropriated, to such and the same uses and purposes as the land revenues of the crown now are, or would hereafter have been liable to have been applied and appropriated to in case this act had not been made.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the surveyor general of the crown lands, now and for the

Surveyor general may compound for arrears of rent.

time being, (the content of the lord high treasurer or the commissioners of the treasury, or any three of them, for the time being, having been in each case previously obtained), shall have the lame power to compound for arrears of any or the said rents

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 75, ^47

as was vested in the said of by the said acts of the twenty-sixth and thirtieth years of the reign of his present Majesty.

XVIII. And whereas, by an act, made in the twenty-seventh year 27 Geo. 3,

the reign of his present Majesty, inti tided, An act For the sale of c. 2^ and

certain houses and ground belonging to his Majesty, it ivas enacted, That it should and might be lawful for the lord high treasurer or the commissioners of the treasury for the time being, to treat, contract, and agree, for the fade or for the leafing of all or any part of the e/later, right, title, or interest, in or to all or any of the houses, mejfuagts, tenements, and ground, therein particularly mentioned and specified: and whereas, by another act, made in the thirty second year of the reign of his said Majesty, intituled An act to repeal so much 3- Geo. 3-of an a (SI, made in the twenty-seventh year of his present Majesty, c. 24, recited, as relates to the sale of the house in Privy Garden, heretofore Ailed as an cilice for the commissioners of the lottery, and to enable his Majesty to grant the same, it was enacted, That so much of the said act as related to the sale or leafing of the said house in Privy Garden should be, and the same was, thereby repealed: and whereas no treaty, contract, or agreement, hath been entered into by the lords com miff oners of the treasury for the sale or leafing of any of the said houses, messuages, tenements., or ground, by virtue of the said first-mentioned act: and it is not expedient that the same fn Quid be sold or leased under the said act: be it therefore further enacted, That so So much of much of the said first-mentioned act as was not repealed by the rec^ted said act of the thirty-second year of his Majesty's reign shall be, repe^l^by1^ and the same is hereby repealed; and that it shall and may be the latter, re-lawful to and for his Majesty, his heirs and successors, from time pealed, to time, to grant, demise, or allure, all or any part or parts of the said p re mules for such terms, estates, and interests, and under and subject to such limitations, reservations, reftrunions, provisoes, and conditions, as are enacted and provided in and by this act, in respedi of any other mefiuagos, tenements, or ground, of the like nature or descriptions, belonging to his Majesty.

XIX. And whereas it may be expedient to permit the lessees or grantees of lands, tenements, or hereditaments, under the authority of this act, to alien the lands, tenements, or hereditaments, so demijed or granted, in pareels, and for that purpofs to surrender the fubfijling lease or grant thereof for the purpose of obtaining dist in ft leases or grants of such several pareels, reserving in the whole the same rent as shall have been reserved by such surrendered lease or grant or more

be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty, his heirs Leases may he and successors, at any time, upon surrender of any subsisting lease surrendered, or grant, to make any new leases or grants of the same lands, and new one* tenements, or hereditaments. In pareels; provided such new leases krnintea< or grants be for the same term of years, and there be reserved thereon in the whole the same annual rent, or more, as was, granted and reserved by such fir rendered lease or grant; and provided also, That such new leases or grants shall contain the same covenants as were contained in such fur rendered leak: or grant,

so

648 Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 75. [1794.

To far as the subdivision of such lands, tenements, and hereditaments, will permit.

XX. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared.

Act not to af- That this act, or any thing herein contained, shall not extend, or olfthe chaiT^ con^ruec^ to extend, to any manors, messuages, lands, tene-cellor and nients, tythes, or other hereditaments, within the ordering and council of the survey of the chancellor and council of the duchy of Lancaster, or duchy of Lan- to any of the rents and revenues thereof, or to any lease or grant, caller. leases or grants, made or to be made under the seals of the duchy

and county palatine of Lancaster, or either of them, but that all. and singular the manors, messuages, lands, tenements, ' tythes, and other hereditaments, of and belonging to the hud duchy, shall and may remain and continue to be granted and demised by his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for the like terms, estates, and interests, and the rents and revenues thereof, to be received and applied, under the order and direction of the chancellor and council, and other officers of the said duchy, to and for the like uses and purposes, and in like manner and form, as before the passing of this act; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Surveyor ge- That the said surveyor general of the land revenues of the crown

or^t!me I^a^ and hereby required, within thirty

and the par- ^a; s a^ter t^le cmrnencement of the session of parliament which liament what shall be in the year one thousand seven hundred and nintey-seven, and also within thirty days after the commencement of the session of parliament in every third year following the said year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, (without any special or other requisition to be made to him for that purpefe), certify and report in writing, under his hand and seal, unto the King's most excellent majesty, and both houses cf parliament, what leases or grants shall have been made of any part of the said land revenue, from the commencement of this act unto the time of making the report of the said surveyor general, and from the time of making such first or any subsequent report to the time of making the report next following the same, and for what terms or estates such leases or grants shall have been made, and also the annual value of the tenements cr hereditaments comprised in every such lease, as returned on oath by the surveyor or surveyors employed to survey the same, and the annual value of the same premises by the last preceding survey thereof, (where there shall happen to be a former survey and valuation of the same in the custody or power of the said surveyor general), and what rent or rents shall have been reserved on every such lease or grant, and what fines paid for the same, and upon what other considerations such leases shall respectively have been made or granted; and also, so far as the same can be done, the rents and fines which were reserved and paid upon or for the said preceding lease or grant of such tenements or hereditaments, and also the amount of all fee farm rents, or other dry, fixed, and unimproveable

leases have been made, &c.

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 76. 649

rents, which shall have been sold by virtue of this act, within the same periods respectively, and of the purchase money paid for the same, and the amount of the three pounds per centum consolidated bank annuities purchased therewith, and all such other matters and things, touching or concerning the said land revenue, or any part thereof, as to the said surveyor general shall seem proper and necessary to be contained and let forth in such reports.

XXII. And whereas, by an act, made in the fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, (intituled An act for preventing frauds Geo. 3. and abuses in relation to the sending and receiving of letters and c. 24. packets free from the duty of poffag A), it is enacted, That, from and after the first day of May one thousand seven hundred and sixty-four, so long as the revenue arising in the general letter office, or poji office, or office of postmaster general, shall continue to be made part of the aggregate fund, no letters or packets sent by the pofl to dr from any place whatsoever, shall be exempted from paying the duty of posage, except such letters and packets as are therein particularly excepted: and whereas the privilege of sending and receiving letters and packets free from the duty of pofage is not by the said act extended to the surveyor general of his Majesty's land revenue for the time beings who, by virtue of his office, necessarily fends and receives ?iany letters and packets relating to the publick revenue of this kingdom: be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and Surveyor ge-after the passing of this act, the said surveyor general of his Majesty's land revenue for the time being shall and may fend and re- cefre letters ceive letters and packets free from the duty of postage, in the free of post-same manner, and under such restrictions, as others officers men- age. tioned in the said act are thereby permitted, in respect of their offices, to send and receive the same, in pursuance of the said act.

CAP. LXXVI.

An act for vesting certain messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in trustees, for the better securing his Majesty's batteries, and other works, in the counties of Kent and Devon.

[June 11, 1794.]

WHEREAS, for better protecting such part of the coafs of Preamble; Kent and Devon, as lie open and exposed to the attacks and depredations of his Majesty's enemies, it is highly expedient to frengthen and secure the batteries and other works erected on the said coafs, and in order thereunto, to purchase, among other lands and hereditaments, the lands herein after mentioned, to be situate in the parishes of Cherrington in the said county of Kent, and Brixham in the said county of Devon: and whereas divers' small dwelling houses, situate on the eafifide cf Warren Lane, in the par if? of Saint Adary Woolwich, in the said county of Kent, lie jo near to his Majesty's royal laboratory in the warren at Woolwich aforesaid, as, in case of accident by fire, to endanger not only the said laboratory, but also his Majesty's other buildings and fores of ivar in the said warren \ wherefore it is expedient to purchase the said dwelling houses for the use of his Majesty's

6o Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. j6. [1794.

said warren: and whereas the said lands situate in the parishes of Cherrington and Brixham aforesaid., as atfo the said dwelling houses in W arren Lane aforesaid, or some of them, are or may be the estates of infants, femes covert, ecclesiastical corporationsother persons, who by law are disabled to make any contrasts or conveyances, zV; all which cases, as likezuife when any proprietors designing to obstruct the publick service, or to make any unreasonable gain to themftelyes, insist on extravagant rates, it will be necessary to have recourse to the same ?nethods that have been taken in cases of the like nature: to the end therefore that the true and real value of the said estates may be aftcer-tamed, and the owners and proprietors thereof may have a just and reasonable satisfaction for the same; be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present

Particulars of parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That all

i^the trustees ^at P*ece or Parce^ of arable land belonging to Hunt Jcffcreys,

containing by admeasurement sixty-seven acres and five perches, or thereabouts, situate, lying, and being, in the parish of Cherrington, in the said county of Kent, and abutted and bounded as follows; (that is to say), On the north partly by a bridle road or way leading from Sandgate to Cherrington, and partly by two pieces of land herein after mentioned, belonging to sir John Honeyzvood; on the east by other parts of the same bridle road or way leading from Sandgate to Cherrington; on the south by Other lands of the said Hunt Jeffereys, herein after mentioned; and on the west by two pieces of land belonging to James Drake Brockman esquire, called The Upper Ten Acres and The Lower Ten Acres: and also, all those two pieces or parcels of arable and pasture land, belonging to the said Hunt Jeffereys, lying together, and containing by admeasurement forty-three acres, or thereabouts, situate, lying, and being, in the parish of Cherrington aforesaid, and abutted and bounded as follows; (that is to say), On the north by the said piece or parcel of arable land herein-before described; on the east by a piece of pasture land now in the tenure or occupation of Wallyer; on the south by the highway

or road leading from Sandgate to Hythe; and on the west by a piece or parcel of land belonging to the said James Drake Brockman, called Shorn Cliss; save and except out of the said piece of pasture land, a certain flip or parcel of land lying at the south-east corner thereof, and extending in length from the said land in the tenure or occupation of the said Wally er, along

the said highway or road towards Hythe aforesaid eight hundred feet, and in depth from north to south one hundred feet, together with all erections and buildings on the said flip or parcel of lane}: and also, all that the said piece or parcel of pasture land called Shorn Cliss, belonging to the said James Drake Brockman, (on part whereof a battery, called Shorn Cliff Battery, hath lately been erected and built), containing by admeasurement (including the cliff at the north-west end thereof) thirty-six acres and eighteen perches, or thereabouts, situate, lying, and being, in the parish of Cherrington aforesaid, and abutted and bounded as follows; e " that

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c.

that is to say, On the north by other lands of him the fold James

'Drake Brockman, called Middle Cl\jf and The Lower Ten lucres; on the east by the said piece of arable land belonging to the said Hunt J offer eys^, \?&\y above described; on the south by the said road leading from Sandgale to Hythe \ and on the west by a piece of pasture land belonging to sir John Honeywood: and also, all that piece or parcel of land, partly arable and partly pasture, be* longing to the said James Drake Brockman, called Middle Cliffy containing by admeasurement eleven acres, two roods and twelve perches, or thereabouts, situate, lying, and being, in the parish of Cherrington aforesaid, and abutted and bounded as follows; that is to say, On the north by the piece or parcel of land herein after mentioned, called Hythe Bottom; on the east partly by the said piece of land called The Lower Ten Acres, and partly by the said piece of land called The Upper Ten Acres; on the south by Shorn Cliff a fore said; and on the west by the said piece of pasture land belonging to sir John Honeywood: and also, all that piece or parcel of arable land belonging to the said James Drake Brockman^ called Hythe Boitorrij containing by admeasurement forty acres and sixteen perches, or thereabouts, situate, lying, and being, in the parish of Cherrington aforesaid, and abutted and bounded as follows; that is to say, On the north by two pieces or parcels of arable land, called Heron Hill; on the east by the said Upper Ten Acres \; on the south by the said field, called Middle Cliffy and on the west by lands belonging to or in the tenure or occupation of Thomas Nick oils: and also, all that the said piece or parcel of arable land belonging to the said James Drake Brockman, called The Upper Ten Acres, containing by admeasurement fourteen acres* one rood and ten perches, or thereabouts, situate, lying, and being, in the parish of Cherrington aforesaid, and abutted and bounded as follows; that is to say, On the north by lands of the said Hunt Jeffreys, called Bunnyers; on the east partly by a small piece or parcel of arable land, herein-afeer mentioned, belonging to sir John Honeywood, and partly by the piece of arable land belonging to the said Hunt Jeffreys, first herein-before described y on the south by the said piece of arable land called The Lower Ten-Acres; and on the west by the said held, called The Middle Cliss: and also, all that the said piece or parcel of arable land belonging to the said James Drake Brockman, called The Lower Ten Acres, containing by admeasurement ten acres and thirty-five perches, or thereabouts, situate, lying, and being, in the parish of Cherrington aforesaid, and abutted and bounded as follows; that is to say, On the north by The Upper Ten Acres aforesaid; on the east by the said piece or parcel of arable land first herein-before mentioned, belonging to the said Hunt Jeffereys; on the south by Shorn Cliff aforesaid; and on the west by Middle Cliff aforesaid: and also, all that piece or parcel of arable land belonging to sir John Honeywood baronet, called The Three Acres, containing by admeasurement two acres, three roods and twenty perches, or thereabouts, situate, lying, and being, in the parish of Cherrington aforesaid, and abutted and bounded as follows; that is to say, On

UU2

the

652 Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 76. [1794.

the north by the said lands of the said Hunt Jeffereys, called Bun-tiy^rs; on the east and south by the said piece of arable land first herein-before mentioned* belonging to the said Hunt Jeffereys; and on the west by The Upper Ten Acres aforesaid: and also, all that piece or parcel of arable land belonging to him the said sir John Honeywood baronet, called The Five Acres, containing by estimation four acres, two roods and twenty perches, or thereabouts, situate, lying, and being, in the parish of Cherrington aforesaid, and abutted and bounded as follows^that is to say, On the north by the aforesaid road leading from Sandgate to Cherrington; and on the east, south, and west, by the said piece or parcel of arable land, first herein-before mentioned, belonging to the said Hunt Jeffereys; together with all houses, erections, and buildings, now erected or built on the said lands, tenements, and hereditaments, or any of them, or any part thereof: and also, all*those nine small messuages or tenements, with the yards, gardens, and appurtenances, thereunto respectively belonging, situate, ft and in g, and being, in Warren Lane aforesaid, in the parish of Saint Mary Woolwich aforesaid, and abutted and bounded as follows; that is to say, On the north by the back part of a messuage or tenement belonging to his Majesty, now in the occupation of the storekeeper of his Majesty's ordnance at Woolwich Warren aforesaid; on the east by the said laboratory and other buildings in the said warren; on the south by another messuage or tenement belonging to his Majesty, heretofore the property of William Priest; and on the west by the said street or lane called Warren Lane: all which said messuages or tenements were heretofore the property of Jofefih Kirk esquire, deceased, now of Susannah the wife of Robert Thompson gentleman, Francis M^Culloh and James Brown Homer esquires, or some of them, and are in the several tenures or occupations of John Wickham, Thomas Evans, John Jefseries, John Brinkley, Screen widow, Thomas Mitchell,

Thomas Floyd., William EUisy and Richard Maylin: and also, all that piece or parcel of land belonging to and in the occupation of John Underhay, containing by admeasurement one acre, or thereabouts, situate upon or near a point of land called The Berry Heady in the parish of Brixbamy in the county of Devon; and bounded on the south by the sea cliss; on the north by the piece or parcel of land next herein after described; on the'east by the waste lands herein after mentioned, situate on The Berry Head aforesaid; and on the west by a boundary line lately marked out by order of the master general and principal officers of his Majesty's ordnance, and extending across the land behind Berry Head aforesaid: and also, all that piece or parcel of land belonging to and in the occupation of ATicholas Gillardy containing by admeasurement three roods and eight perches, or thereabouts; bounded on the south by the piece of land herein-before described; on the east by the said waste lands; on the west by the said boundary line; and on the north by the piece of land next herein after described: and also, all that piece or parcel of land belonging to, and in the occupation of William Browje, containing by admeasurement two

roods

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. j6,

roods and thirty-two porches, or thereabouts; bounded on the south by the piece of land la illy above described; on the east: by the said wade lands; on the west by the said boundary line; and on the north by the piece of land next herein after described: and also, all that piece or parcel of land belonging to, and in the occupation of the said Nicholas Gillardy containing by admeasurement two roods and twenty-three perches, or thereabouts; bounded on the south by the piece of land lastly above described; on the east by the said wade lands; on the west by the said boundary line; and on the north by the piece of land next herein after described: and also, all that piece or parcel of land belonging to Philip Giliard, now in the occupation of James Shears, containing by admeasurement one rood and twenty-nine perches, or thereabouts; bounded on the south by the piece of land lastly above described; on the east by the said waste lands; on the west by the boundary line; and on the north by the piece of land next herein after described: and also, all that piece or parcel of land belonging to Charles Hayne esquire, now in the occupation of Samuel Galley, containing by admeasurement one rood, or thereabouts; bounded on the south by the piece of land lastly above described; on the east: by the said waste lands; on the west by the said boundary line; and on the north by the piece of land next herein after described: and also, all that piece or parcel of land belonging to his grace the duke of Bolton, now in the occupation of George Browfey containing by admeasurement one rood and eight perches, or thereabouts; bounded on the south by the piece of land lastly above described; on the east by the said waste lands; on the west by the said boundary line; and on the north by the piece of land next herein after described: and also, all that piece or parcel of land belonging to and in the occupation of Richard Creivetty containing by admeasurement one rood and thirty-four perches, or thereabouts; bounded on the south by the piece of land lastly above described; on the east: by the said waste lands; on the west by the said boundary line; and on the north by the piece of land next herein after described: and also, all that piece or parcel of land belonging to the said Charles Hayne, now in the occupation of John Crewsy containing by admeasurement, one acre two roods and three perches, or thereabouts; bounded on the south by the piece of land lastly above described; on the east by the said waste lands; on the west by the said boundary line; and on the north by the piece of land next herein after described: and also, all that piece or parcel of land belonging to and in the occupation of William Growth containing by admeasurement one acre and nine perches, or thereabouts; bounded on the south by the piece of land lastly above described; on the east by the said waste lands; on the west by the said boundary line; and on the north by the piece of land next herein after described: and also, all that piece or parcel of land belonging to his grace the duke of Bolton, now in the occupation of Sarah Fofsy containing by admeasurement one acre, one rood and eleven perches, or thereabouts; bognded on the south by the piece, of land lastly above described; on the east: by the said waste lands

Uu 3 on

654 Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 76. [1794.

on the west by the said boundary line; and on the north by the piece of land next herein after described: and also, all that piece or parcel of land belonging to and in the occupation of the said William Crowty containing by admeasurement one acre, three roods and thirty-six perches, or thereabouts; bounded on the south by the piece of land lastly above described; on the east by the said waste lands; on the west by the said boundary line; and on the north by the said piece of land next herein after described: and also, all that piece or parcel of land belonging to the said Philip Giliard, now in the occupation of John Crews, containing by admeasurement two acres, three roods and eleven perches, or thereabouts; bounded on the south by the piece of land lastly above described; on the east by the said waste lands; on the west by the said boundary line; and on the north by the piece of land next herein after described: and also, all that piece or parcel of land belonging to Arm Grant, now in the occupation of the said John Crewsy containing by admeasurement three acres, two roods and one perch, or thereabouts; bounded on the south by the piece of land lastly above described; on the east partly by the said waste lands, and partly by the piece of land herein after described, belonging to the said Charles Hayne; on the west by the said boundaryline; and on the north partly by the piece of land next herein after described, and partly by a piece of land herein after described, belonging to his grace the duke of BoltGn: and also, all that piece or parcel of land belonging to and in the occupation of Andrews, containing by admeasurement two roods and seventeen perches, or thereabouts; bounded on the south and east by the1 piece of land lastly above described; on the west by the said boundary line; and on the north partly by the piece of land next herein after described, and partly by a piece of land herein after described, belonging to the said William Crcivt: and also, all that piece or parcel of land belonging to and in the occupation of the said William Browse, containing by admeasurement thirty-six perches, or thereabouts; bounded on the south by the piece of land lastly above described; on the east by the piece of land next herein after described; on the west by a piece of land herein after described, belonging to the said Ann Grant; and on the north by the said boundary line: and also, all that piece or parcel of land belonging to and in the occupation of the, said William Crowty containing by admeasurement two roods and twenty-two perches, or thereabouts; bounded on the south by the piece of land hereinbefore described, belonging to the said Andrews; on the

east by the piece of land herein-before described, belonging to the said Ann Grant \ on the west by the piece of land lastly above described; and on the north, partly by the lands next herein after described, and partly by the lands herein after mentioned, belonging to his grace the duke of Bolton: and also, all that piece or parcel of land belonging to the said Ann Grant, now in the occupation of the said John Crewsy containing by admeasurement two roods and five perches, or thereabouts; bounded on tho south by the two pieces of land lastly above described 5 on the

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. ?6>

east by the said piece of land herein after described, belonging to his grace the duke of Bolton; on the west by the said boundary line; and on the north by the piece of land herein after described, belonging to Elizabeth JVighton: and also, all that piece or parcel of land belonging to the said Charles Hayne, now in the occupation of Francis Crewsy containing by admeasurement two acres and thirty-one perches, or thereabouts; bounded on the east by the said waste lands; on the south by the piece of land first herein-before described as belonging to the said Ann Grant; on the west by the piece of land next herein after described; and on the north partly by the sea cliff towards Torbay: and also, all that piece or parcel of land belonging to his grace the duke of Bolton, now in the occupation of Christopher Jordaine, containing by admeasurement one acre, two roods and fifteen perches, or thereabouts; bounded on the south partly by the said piece of land first herein-before described, belonging to the said Ann Grant* and partly by the said piece of land lastly above described; on the east by the said sea, cliff towards Torbay; on the west by the lands secondly above described as belonging to the said Ann Grant; and on the north partly by the lands next hereia-after described, and partly by lands herein after mentioned belonging to the said Charles Hayne: and also, all that piece or parcel of land belonging to the said Elizabeth JVighton, and now in the occupation of the said Francis Crews, containing by admeasurement one acre, one rood and eleven perches, or thereabouts, bounded on the south partly by the said piece of land secondly above described as belonging to the said Ann Grants and partly by the piece of land lastly above described; on the east by the piece of land herein after described belonging to the said Charles Hayne, and in the occupation of Carlisle-y on the west by the said boundary

line; and on the north by the piece ofland next herein after described: and also, all that piece or parcel of land belonging to the said Philip Giliard, now in the occupation of the said John Crews, containing by admeasurement one rood and seventeen perches, or thereabouts; bounded on the south by the piece of land lastly above described; on the east by the said piece of land herein after described, belonging to the said Charles Hayne; on the west by the said boundary line; and on the north by the piece of land next herein after described: and also, all that piece or parcel of land belonging to the said Charles Hayne, now in the occupation of the said John Crews, containing by admeasurement one rood and seventeen perches, or thereabouts; bounded on the south by the piece of land lastly above described; on the east by the said other land herein after described, belonging to the said Charles Hayne; on the west by the said boundary line; and on the north by the piece of land next herein after described: and also, all that piece or parcel of land belonging to the said Ann Grant, now in the occupation of the said John Creivs, containing by admeasurement three roods and one perch, or thereabouts j bounded on the south by the piece ofland lastly above described; on the east by the piece of land herein after described, belonging

Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 76. [1794.

to William Clarke \ on the west by the said boundary line; and on the north by the said fen cliff towards Torbay: and also, all that piece or parcel of land belonging to the said Charles Hayne, now in the occupation of the said Carlisle, containing

by admeasurement one acre, one rood and three perches, or thereabouts; bounded on the south by the piece of land thirdly hereinbefore described as belonging to his grace the duke of Bolton; on the east by the said sea cliff towards Torbay; on the west by three-pieces of land lastly above described, as severally belonging to the said Elizabeth Wighion, Philip Giliard, and the said Charles Hayne; and on the north by the piece of land next herein after described: and also, all that piece or parcel of land belonging to and now in the occupation of Willia?n Clarke, containing by admeasurement one acre, one rood and eight perches, or thereabouts; bounded on the south by the piece of land lastly above described; on the east and north by the said sea cliff towards Torbay; and on the west by the said piece of land lastly above described as belonging to the said Ann Grant: and also, all those the said waste lands forming The Berry /AWaforesaid, and ground in front down to the bottom of the ravine, including the proposed works there, and containing by admeasurement one hundred acres, or thereabouts: and also, all those other waste lands situate on Furzdon and Fishcorhbe Point, containing by admeasurement five acres, or thereabouts; all which said waste lands on The Berry Head, and on Furzdon and Fishcombe Point aforesaid, be-Song to and are part and parcel of the manor of Brixham, in the said county of Devon; shall be, (that is to say), so much of such lands, tenements, hereditaments, and premises, herein-before described, as are situate, lying, and being, in the county of Kent, and the same are hereby vested in the right honourable Henry Addington, fir Edward Knatchbidl baronet, and Filmer Honeytvood esquire, their heirs and assigns, and so much of such lands, tenements, hereditaments, and premises, herein-before described, as are situate, lying, and being, in the county of Devon, in the right honourable Plenry Addington, John Rolle esquire, and John Pol-lexfen Bastard esquire, their heirs and assigns, in trust nevertheless for such person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, ecclesiastical or civil, as at or immediately before the time of making this act are or were the several and respective owners thereof, according to their several estates and interests in possession, reversion, remainder, or otherwise, until such estates and interests shall be respectively adjudged and determined, or possession thereof taken by the principal officers of his Majesty's ordnance or engineers, or other officers acting under their authority, for his Majesty's use, (which they are hereby impowered to do, whenever it shall be found necessary for his Majesty's service, and until the purchase monies for the same, together with interest from the time of such possession being taken, after the rate of five pounds per centum for one year, for the sum that shall be agreed upon or aftefted as the true value thereof, shall be paid.

II. And be it further enacted, That such compensation and

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 76. 657

satisfaction as shall be agreed upon, or shall be found by the ver- Compensation dit of a jury, shall be made out of the next aids to be granted ir\ parliament, for and in respect of the lands, tenements, and here- made out Of ditaments, hereby veiled, or such of them as shall be taken pof- the next par* session of by the principal officers of his Majesty's ordnance or liamentary engineers, or other officers acting under their authority for his Majesty's use, to all and every perforv and persons, bodies politick and corporate, ecclesiastical and civil.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, His Majesty for the better appertaining the several owners and proprietors the said lands, tenements, and hereditaments, veiled by, and to ^o^Sermine be purchased in pursuance of, this act, and the respective titles claims te pre-and claims of such owners and proprietors thereto, it shall and mises, Stc, may be lawful to and for his Majesty, by one or more commission or commissions, by letters patent, under the great seal of Great Britain, to authorise and appoint any number of persons to be of, to hear and determine all titles and claims that shall or may be made to the said lands, tenements, and hereditaments, or to any part or parcel thereof; which of so to be appointed, or any five or more of them, shall and may, and they are hereby authorised and required, in a summary manner, by and upon the testimony of witnesses upon oath, which oath they, or any five or more of them, are hereby impowered to administer, or upon the inspection and examination of deeds, writings, and records, or (if requested by the parties interested) by the inquest of twelve good and lawful men, to be impannelled and sworn in manner herein after mentioned and directed, or by all or any of the said ways, or otherwise according to their discretion, to enquire into, and to proceed, aft upon, and determine all and all manner of rights, ellates and interests, and all controversies, debates, and questions, which shall happen or arile between any person or persons whomsoever, or any other matter or thing relating to any of the premises, or any part thereof, and shall have power to fend for any person or persons and oblige them to produce their deeds or writings upon oath, relating to any of the same premises; and also shall and may, by agreement with the respective person or persons that shall be determined to be the owners and proprietors of the said lands, tenements, or hereditaments, vePced by and to be purchased in pursuance of this act, or by the said inquest of the said twelve good and lawful men to be impannelled and sworn, esquire, proceed, aft, and determine, touching and concerning the true and real value of the said premises, or any part or parcel thereof; and the said Their judg* of so to be appointed, or any five or more of them, ments and de-are hereby required to cause all their judgments and decrees to be extern?in^ entered fairly in books, which judgments and decrees shall ex- books, See. pressly mention and specify the respective house or houses, or other messuages or tenements, number of acres, or parcels of land, with their several abuttals and boundaries, together with the name or names of all and every person or persons interested jrespectively in the same, and the respective sum or films that shall be

6$ 8

and ccrpieslaid bd'ore parliament*

Commissioners to issue warrants to sheriffs to fiirdmon juries, to afeer-taia the value ef premiles, 4c,

Penalty on sheriffs making default;

and onjurors

Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 76. [1794.

be so agreed for or assessed by the fold jury to be paid for the same respectively, which judgments an-d decrees shall be fairly ingrossed on parchment, and certified to, the clerk of the crown in chancery, and to the King's remembrancer in his Majesty's court of exchequer; and such judgments and decrees made as aforesaid shall be final, and shall conclude all and every person and persons, bodies politick and corporate* ecclesiastical and civil, their heirs* successors, executors, administrators, and assigns, respectively, notwithstanding any disability or incapacity whatsoever; any law* statute, or other matter or thing whatsoever, to the contrary net-withstanding; copies of which laid judgments and decrees shall be laid forthwith before both houses of parliament, that full compensation and satisfaction maybe made to the several owners and proprietors of the Said lands, tenements, and hereditaments.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, for the better carrying into execution the said commission or commissions by virtue of this present act to be ili'ued, the Said of so to be appointed, or any five or more of them, shall, and lawfully may, and they are hereby authorised and required, to issue forth their warrant or warrants under their hands and Teals, to be directed to the sheriffs of the counties of Kent and Devon respectively, thereby commanding them to impannel, summon, and' return, before the said of, at such time and place, or' times and places, as shall be appointed in such warrant or warrants, twenty-four good and lawful men, substantial gentlemen and freeholders, of the said counties of Kent and Devon respectively, qualified to lerve upon juries at the affixes, who, upon their oaths, (which oaths the said of, or any five or more of them, are hereby impowered to administer), shall inquire into, and by their verdict ascertain and act'efs the true and real value of such messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, and of the respective estates and interests therein; and the said sheriffs respectively are hereby required to impannel, summon, and return, such jury as aforesaid, and at the return of such warrant or warrants, to attend the said of, with his or their bailiffs or officers, to prove, if necessary, upon oath (which oath the said of, or any five or more of them, are hereby impowered to administer) the summoning of the jurors so to be impannelled and returned respectively; and in case the said sheriffs, or either of them, or his or their bailiffs or officers, shall neglect or refuse, being duly served with such warrant or warrants fourteen days or more before the return thereof, to impannel, summon, and return, such jury, or shall not attend the said of, with his or their bailiffs or officers, at the return of such warrant or warrants as aforesaid, then, and in either of the said cases, the said of, or any five or more of them, shall and may, and they are hereby authorised and required, to impose a fine upon such sheriffs, bailiffs, and officers, or any of them, so making default, not exceeding twenty pounds nor less than ten pounds*for any one offence; and if any person so to be impannelled, summoned, and returned, shall not appear at the return of such warrant

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 76. 659

rant-or warrants, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn for the purposes aforesaid, or being sworn shall depart without the licence of the said of, or any five or more of them, before the verdict is given, or shall not give his verdicts, or in any other manner neglect his duty in the premises, in every such case the said of then assembled or met, or any five or more of them, may, and they are hereby impowered to set a fine upon such person so offending, and not having lawful excuse to be allowed by the said of then fitting, or the major part of them, not exceeding the sum of ten pounds, upon any one person for any offence, all which fines the said of are hereby authorised and required to estreat into his Majesty's court of exchequer, to be levied to the use of his Majesty.

V. And be it further enacted, That in case a sufficient jury If a sufficient shall not appear, upon the return of the said warrant or warrants number of to take the inquest, it shall be lawful for the said of by virtue of this act to be appointed, or any five or more of inquest may them, from time to time, to adjourn the inquest to any future be adjourned, day, not exceeding fourteen days nor less than four days from the adjournment thereof, and to issue out their warrant or warrants for impannelling, summoning, and returning, an equal number of jurors to those so making default, who, together with the jurors before returned by the said sheriffs respectively, upon such second warrant or warrants, or upon any future warrant or warrants, adjournment or adjournments, (which the said of by virtue of this act to be appointed, or any five or more of them, are hereby authorised to make from time to time, until a sufficient jury can be had), shall esquire as aforesaid.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That twelve CommissiorN

good and lawful men shall be sufficient to take the inquest afore- ers, after said, and that in case twelve or more shall appear upon the re- JP*?

turn of the said warrant or warrants, then, and in such case, the making judg-said of by virtue of this act to be appointed, shall meats, proceed to take the said inquest, and after the inquest shall be

taken, may adjourn to some future day for making their judgments and decrees thereon.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said of

by virtue of this act to be appointed, or any five or more of notice oY6 them, shall cause notice to be given in writing of the days ap- their meet-pointed for the making of such jurors as aforesaid fourteen days ings, > and if at lead before any such meeting, which notices shall be affixed on the doors of the respective parish churches of Hythe, Wool- 3^. wich, and Brixbam, and on the gates of his Majesty's laid warren proceed, at Woolwich, and shall likewise cause the same to be published in The London Gazette, and if any person or persons shall not appear pursuant to such notice, or shall refuse to shew his or their deeds or writings relating to the premises, that then the said of, or any five or more of them, and also the said jury shall proceed and determine, upon the best information they can then procure or obtain, to make such inquests, judgments, and decrees, as herein-before directed; and all such judgments and decrees.

On-payment of sums agreed for or afil-fied, irustees to be deemed ieifed cff the pre-suifes*

erees, being entered and certified as aforesaid, shall be final and eoncFufiver

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That immediately from and after the time that payment shall be made of the sum and firms of money fb.to be agreed for or afiefled by the said jury, and decreed and adjudged by the said of to be by virtue of this present act appointed, or any five or more of them, to the owners and proprietors of the said lands, tenements, and hereditaments, veiled by and to be purchased in pursuance of this act, or to any or either of them, the trustees herein last before mentioned, and their heirs, shall be deemed and adjudged to {land feiied of such part and parcel of the said premises as shall be so paid for, to and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for ever, freed and discharged of and from all and all manner of right, title, claim, and demand, whatsoever, that can or may be had, made, or set up, by any person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, ecclesiastical or civil.

IX. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the lands, tenements, and hereditaments, veiled by and to be purchased in pursuance of this act, which were before the passing of this act liable to and charged with tithes, land tax, poor, and other rates, in the respective parishes, where such lands respectively lie, shall, from the time the same were or shall be taken possession of as aforesaid* {land and be subject and liable to and chargeable with the payment of tithes, land tax, and all other parish taxes and rates, in proportion with other lands and premises in such respective parishes charged and chargeable therewith; and that the said lands and premises so to be charged and chargeable with such tithes, taxes, and rates, shall, as to so much thereof as shall not be otherwise demised or occupied by any particular person or persons, {land and be charged to and in the name of and paid by the respective storekeepers of his Majesty's ordnance for the time being, at Dover, Woolwich Warren, and Plymouth Dock, and that such storekeepers-respectively paying the same shall be repaid and allowed such sum and sums of money as they shall so pay by the treasurer or paymaster of his Majesty's ordnance for the time being, on demand thereof, who shall be allowed the same in his accounts; and that in case such floret keepers so charged and chargeable therewith, or either of them, shall neglect or refuse to pay any such tithes, taxes, or rates, so to be charged on them or him as aforesaid, when demanded, that then, and in every such case, the sum or sums so due and claimed for such tithes, taxes, or rates, and charged on such storekeepers as aforesaid, shall or may be levied on such storekeeper or store-keepers, so neglecting or refilling to pay the same, by such ways and means, and in such manner as upon any other occupier of lands liable to the payment of any such tithes, taxes, or rates any law, statute, custom, or usage, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

Commission

X. And be it further enacted, That no commissioner, who shall be so employed in the execution of this act, shall be liable for or

by

Premises vest--.1 to- Hand charged for tithes and taxes as ethers, and to he paid by the lx ore-keepers of the ordnance*

by reason of such execution, to any of the penalties mentioned in 25 Car. the act of the twenty-fifth year of the reign of King Charles the

Second, chapter the second, nor the first of William and Mary, ^-nd u'^chapter the eighth, nor the thirteenth the Third, chapter the sixth, nor the chapter the thirteenth.

XL. Provided always, and be it enacted, That such commis- Commission-sioners as his Majesty shall nominate for the purposes in this act ers uot dit-mentioned, or any of them, shall not by reason thereof in any fort, ^rora

be disabled or disqualified from fitting in the house of commons, nor their election thereby become void j any law or statute to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

CAP. LXXVII.

An act for making and maintaining a navigable canal from or nearly From Bury Bridge, in the parish of Bury, by Haslingden, to or nearly to Church Kirk, all in the county palatine of Lancaster.

[April 4, 1794.]

Proprietors incorporated by the name of "The Company of Proprietors of the Haslingden Canal.'* Canal to be made from Bury Bridge, in the parish of Bury, through the townships of Elton, Lower Tottington, and Higher Tottington, in the same parish, by Haslingden, through the townships of Accrington and Haslingden, both in the parish of Whalley, all in the county of Lancaster. The company not to make any locks on the canal. Racks, inclined planes, Sec. to be used in ft e ad of locks. Company-may make locks, if necessary, with content of the owners of three fourths of certain mills. For preserving the waters of mills on certain brooks or streams. For ascertaining the gauge of the waters upon the said brooks.

The owners of mills to appoint an agent to examine the gauges six days in a year at the company's expence. Houses, gardens, &c. not to be injured. Two plans, and books of reference, and not to deviate therefrom without cont*ent. Land owners omitted in the book or reference not to obstruct making the canal. Breadth of canal and towing paths twenty-six yards. No buildings to be erected on the towing paths, except for the navigation. Bodies politick, &c. to sell and convey lands. Lands separated into small parcels may be exchanged or sold. Contracts and Tales to be made at the expence of the company, and inrolled with the clerk of the peace for the county of Lancaster. Copyhold lands to be surrendered in the customary manner. Satisfaction to be made for the value of lands, &c. If parties cannot agree, prices to be settled by commissioners, or a jury. Yearly rents to be charged on the rates. Commissioners appointed, and at their first meeting to choose a clerk. Proceedings of commissioners to be entered in a book. On application of the proprietors or land owners of to meet. Commissioners to hold their meetings within ten miles of the canal. Commissioners to examine witnesses on oath, and settle any matters in dispute. If parties are dissatisfied with the determination of of, value to be ascertained by a jury. Twenty-pounds penalty upon sheriffs, and five pounds upon jurymen and witnesses making default. Expences of of, witnesses, and jury to be paid.- Persons requesting juries to enter into bonds to prosecute. Notice of injury to be given to the company before complaint to the of Verdi# of value of lands and damages to be ascertained separately. Power to enter and take possession of lands, See. on payment or tender of purchase money. Verdi his to be recorded. Purchase money be- longing to corporations, Sec. to be laid out to the same uses. Commissioners to settle the proportion of the money to be paid to the several persons interested. Compensation to be made for tithes. The company may raise forty leven thousand six hundred pounds, to be divided into four hundred and seventy-six shares, at one hundred pounds each, oubferibers to receive five pounds per cent, per annum, until the canal is fmished. Subscribers to have a vote for each share. by themselves or proxies. A further

fuiu

ad fourteenth or William Gul. 3. c. 6.; first of George the First, or 1 Geo.

C6z

Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 77. [1794.

sum of forty thousand pounds may be raised by mortgage if necessary. Interest of mortgages to be paid in preference to dividends., Mortgagees not to have votes. The first general assembly of proprietors to be on July 9, 1794, and to meet yearly every second Wednesday in July, and a committee to be appointed. Special general assemblies may be held. Committee to be subject to the controul of general assemblies. Books of account and proceedings to be kept under the directions of the committee. No choice of a committee to be made, unless a majority of the proprietors present. Powers of general assemblies. Calls for money to be made by general assemblies or committees. Powers of committee. If persons do not pay money cn calls, their shares to be forfeited. Shares not to be forfeited until notice given to owners, and the forfeiture declared at a general assembly. General assemblies may remove committee men or officers. Bye laws may be made. On the death of subscribers before shares are completed, executors may do it. Shares may be disposed of Officers to be appointed. Rates of tonnage. For every ton of lime or lime stone, clay, bricks, stones, coal or other minerals, ad. per mile. For every ton of timber, goods, merchandize, &c. 3d. per mile. Rates may be altered. For every ton of coal, clay, brick, stone, or any goods, &e. not passing through any lock, t>r from one level to another, id. aq. per mile. Exemption from rates. Goods, &c. remaining above three weeks upon any of the wharfs to pay wharfage. Company may lease the rates. Matters of boats to give an account of their lading. Forty cubick feet of oak, affi, elm, or beech timber, or fifty feet of fir or deal, balk, poplar, or other wood to be deemed a ton weight, and one hundred and twenty pounds avoirdupois to be deemed a hundred weight. Collectors of rates may gauge or weigh boats or goods. General assemblies with consent of of may fix the price of parcels under 500l. weight. Navigation to be free on payment of rates. Passage boats not to be navigated on the canal without consent of the company. Masters 10 put their names on the outside of boats, and also indexes to denote the weight of lading. Masters and owners of boats answerable for damages. Towing paths to be fenced from adjoining lands, and bridges, &c. made. Company liable to be indicted for not making stone or brick bridges on all highways across the canal, and keeping them in repair. If the company do not fence off and repair towing paths, make bridges, See. land owners may at the expence of the company. If bridges, &c. made by the company are insufficient land owners may make others. Company to make drains from the land adjoining the canal. Works damaged by floods to be repaired immediately at the expence of the company. Enabling the company to cleanse the adjoining watercourses at the land owners expence. Rights to mines reserved. Mines not to be worked to prejudice the navigation. Company's agents may enter lands or mines to view the works. Power for owners of mines to make railways for conveying coals. See. to the canal. Cuts may be rmide to communicate with the canal with consent of land owners. Lords of manors or landowners may make wharfs, but if not, on twelve months notice the company may build. Rates of tonnage on private wharfs. One penny a ton for the wharfage of coal, lime, stone, Sec. and 3d. for other goods for six days, except cod, iron, and lime stone, which may remain three weeks, and timber, clay, lime, iron stone, stone* brick, tile, date, flags, sand, or gravel may remain thirty days. Company or others net to use exclusively private wharfs. Company or committee to regulate the navigation. Penalty on persons obstrinfting the navigation not more than 5l. nor ltrfs than 40s. Persons wilfully destroying the works to be punished for felony. Canal not to be subject to the commissioners of sewers. Rights of fishery reserved. Land owners may life pleasure boats. Damages not provided for to be settled by coinmif* sioners. Compelling subscribers to p jy their subscriptions. Majority of proprietors assembled at a general meeting may make future applications to parliament for power to open other communications with the canal. Recovery, and application of fines and forfeitures. Persons aggrieved by irregularity in -fiftrt -: recover only the sperial damages. Appeal. Limitation of actions. C rrerr.': f. Ire Lie coils, Publick act,

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 7$.

CAP. LXXVIII.

An act for making and maintaining a navigable canal from the Calder Navigation, at or near Sowerby Bridge wharf, in the parish of Halifax, in the west riding of the county of York, to join the canal of his grace the duke of Bridgewater, in the parish of Manchester, in the county palatine of Lancaster; and also certain cuts from the said intended canal.

[April 4, 1794.]

Proprietors names. Incorporated by the name of a The Company of Proprietors of the Rochdale canal." The duke of Bridgewater may build a lock on the Rochdale canal, and receive the following rates as a cora-penfaiion for his loss of wharfage. For every ton of coal, timber, and other goods (except flags) navigated from the Rochdale canal into the duke of Bridgewater's canal, or from the duke's canal into the Rochdale canal, is. 2d. and for every ton of flags, 2d. Persons who have paid the above rates not to pay the duke of Bridgewater for wharfage in Manchester. The said lock to be the property of the company, but to be kept in repair at the expence of the duke. Locks to be of the fixe of those on the duke of Bridgewater's canal. For preventing injury to the mill o whersoa 4he rivers Irk, Roach, andlrwell. Mill owners on the Irk to appoint an agent to inspect the works. Engineers to be appointed for fixing gauges. Company to fit up gauges on the feeders of the river Roach, Sec. To prevent injury to mills. See. on the Calder. Directions rdpefting any reservoirs which may be made. Engineers to ascertain gauges, Sec. For appointing agents to examine and inspect gauges. Mill holders on the Calder may repair damages at the expence of the company. No water to be taken from Hcbden Brook and Cowden Beck. Breadth of canal and towing path to be 36 yards. Power to make inclined planes, &c. No building to be erected on the towing paths, except'for the navigation. Bodies politick, Sec. impowered to sell lands, &c. Copyhold rights preferred. Commissioners appointed. Commissioners to meet when required on 14 days notice. Commissioners to determine what sums the company shall pay for lands and damages. Jury to be summoned in certain'casts Twenty pounds penalty on (hrriffs, and five pounds on jurymen and witnesses making default. Expences of of and jury by whom to be borne. Persons requeuing a jury to enter into a bond. Persons giving false evidence may be prefects ted for perjury. Verdicts to be recorded, and on satisfaction being made or tendered the lands vested in the company. Purchase money paid in trull to be laid out to the Time uses, Compensation to be made, for tithes. In default of payment of yearly rents, &c. the tonnage rates to become security. Mines, Sec. reserved to lords of manors and others. Coal mines, &c. not to be worked to the prejudice of the navigation. Company's agents to be at liberty toenterjiands or mines to view the works. Company may make drams, Sec. For fencing off towing paths, and making watering places for cattle. In case company do not fence off towing paths, and make bridges, land owners may do it at the company's expence, if bridges, &c. made by the company are insufficient, land owners may make others. Company liable to be indicted for not making and repairing bridges over the canal. Quarter sessions to determine what bridges shall be made. Swivel and draw bridges to be shut and fattened, after vessels ill all have palied, on penalty of 5l. Company may cleanse the adjoining watercourses at the land owner's expence. Works damaged by floods to be repaired by the company. Power for owners of mines to make railways for conveying c^als. Sec. to the canal. Cuts may be made to communicate with the canal with consent of the land owners. Power to make a communcation between the Man-'chester and Aftiton, Oldham and Rochdale canals, and the waste water of both canals to be conveyed into the tunnel of the duke of Bridge-water at Manchester, at the expence of the Rochdale company. The proprietors of the Manchester, Aftiton, and Oldham canal, shall build and keep in repair a carriage bridge across the communication with the Rochdale cmal. For building a bridge in lord Ducie'x land at Manchester,

Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 78. [1794.

Not to take any ground purchased for the use of the Manchester* Ashton, and Oldham canal. Defending the junction with the Calder navigation. The company of proprietors of the Calder and Iiebble navigation to build warehouses, &c. for the use of the Rochdale company, and receive one halfpenny per ton a day for wharfage. In case of neglect of the Calder and Hebble navigation, after eighteen months notice, the Rochdale company may build. Rochdale company not to biiild wharfs within 500 yards of Sowerby Bridge wharf. Not to aflect the Calder navigation aft. Lords of minors and land owners may build warehouses, See. but if not done, after twelve months notice, the company may build. Company not to use private wharfs. Company not to deviate from the line of the canal more than fifty yards without the consent of land owners, &rc. Restriction respecting reservoirs. Restriction respecting making canal or works on certain lands. Company to build a bridge across the canal in Oxford flxeet, Manchester. Rights of fishery saved. Land owners may use pleasure boats. Company of proprietors may raise two hundred and ninety-one thousand nine hundred pounds, to be divided into two thousand nine hundred and nineteen shares, at one hundred pounds each. Proprietors to receive five pounds per cent, per annum, until the canal is finished. Subscribers to have a vote for every share. Proprietors may raise the further sum of one hundred thousand pounds by mortgage if necessary. Interest of money borrowed to be paid in preference to dividends. Mortagees not to vote' on account of having lent money. General assemblies to be held the first Thursday in May yearly, and committees appointed..Power to hold special assemblies. Each member of the committee to have one vote, and the chairman a calling vote. Committee to be under the controul of general assemblies. Books of accounts to be kept. General and special assemblies to consist of three hundred shares. Powers of general assemblies and committees. Expences of committee meetings 5s. per day each person. To compel payment of subscriptions. General assemblies may remove members of the committee, Sec. and make bye laws. Subscribers dying before their shares completed, executors may complete them. Shares may be disposed of Officers to be appointed. Proceedings of the commimoners to be entered in a book. Rates of tonnage. For every ton of lime, lime Hone, dung, manure, clay, sand, and gravel, not passing through any lock, one halfpenny per mile. For every ton of coal, cannel, stone (except lime stone), and other minerals not passing- through any lock, id. per mile. For every ton of timber, goods, and merchandize not passing through any lock, id. aq. per mile. For every ton of lime, Sec. passing through a lock, id. per mile. For every ton of coal, &c. passing through a lock, id. aq. per mile. For every ton of timber, goods, Sec. passing through a lock, ad. per mile. Exemption from rates. Rates of wharfage. For the wharfage of cod, lime, lime (tone, clay, iron, iron fione, timber, Hone, brick, tile, Hate, and gravel, id. per ton, and for other goods, 3d. per ton for six days, except coal, iron, and lime Hone, which may remain six weeks 3 and timber, clay, lime, iron Hone, brick, tile, (lone, date, or gravel, may remain six weeks. Recovery of rates. Rates may be altered. Mailers of boats to give an account in writing of particulars of lading. Fifty cubiek feet of round, or forty cubick feet of square oak, ash, elm, or beech timber, and fifty feet of fir or deal, balk, poplar, or other timber, and sixty feet of light goods, to be deemed one ton weight, and fix score pounds weight avoirdupoise to be deemed one hundred weight. Collectors may weigh vessels. Navigation to be free on payment of rates. Company's land to be taxed as other lands near thereto. To prevent lock keepers. Sec. giving any preference. Vessels of left burthen than twenty tons not to pals through locks without consent of the company, or p aying for that tonnage. Masters to put their names on the outside of their boats. Weight of the lading of vessels to be marked, and vessels to be gauged. Mailers or owners of boats answerable for damages. Regulation for vessels passing locks. Committee to regulate the navigation. Canal not to be subject to the commissioners of sewers. Steam engines may be supplied with "Water from the canal. To compel payment of subscriptions. Majority of proprietors may make future applications to parliament for power to

665

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 79.

[Publick act.]

[General issue.]

open other communications with the canal. Company to take a lease of The Schools Mills, in Manchester, if required. Accounts of the company respecting the mills to be produced to the feoffees at the end of the term leased. Rent of the mills to have a preference in payment. Recovery of penalties. Appeal. Limitation of actions.

CAP. LXXIX.

An act for more effectually preserving money or effectsy in the hands of his Majesty's subjects, belonging to, or disposeable by, persons resident in France, for the benefit of the individual owners thereof,

[CJu, y 7^ 1794.]

WHEREAS by an act passed in the present session of parlia-

[Preamble.]

ment, intituled An act for preventing money or effedis in QCOt the hands of his Majesty's subjects, belonging to, or disposeable c. 9, recited, by, persons resident in France, being applied to the use of the persons exercising the powers of government in France, and for preserving the property thereof for the benefit of the individual owners thereof, divers provisions have been made respecting money and effects in the hands of his Majesty's subjects, belonging loy or disposeable by, persons ref dent within the dominions of France, and the territories and places under the government of the persons exercising the powers of government in F ranee: and whereas it is expedient that more effectual provisions should be made for the preservation of such money and effects, than such as are contained in the said act: may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, from His Majesty time to time, by letters patent under the great seal of Great may appoint Britain, to nominate, authorise, and appoint, five able, sufficient, "

and discreet persons, natives of and resident within Great Britain, to be of for the purposes herein after mentioned.

II. And be it further enacted, That each and every of the said Commission-commissioners named in such letters patent, before he shall enter

upon the execution of the said office, shall take an oath, (or, being 0

one of the people called Quakers, a foienm affirmation), the tenor whereof shall be as follows; (that is to say),

I A.B. do fiuear [or affirm], That I will execute the several Oath.

powers and trusts vefied in me in pursuance of an act, intituled\

[here let forth the title of the act], with fidelity and secrecy, according to the tenor and purport of the said act.

So help me GOD.

Which oath or affirmation shall and may be administered by any one of the said of to any other or others of them.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said of so Commission -to be appointed shall have power to meet and (it from time to ersmay meet time, in such place or places as they shall find most convenient, 1

with or without adjournment and shall and may appoint and*

employ a secretary, and so many officers as they shall think meet,

666

Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 79. [1794.

and allow to such secretary and officers, with the consent and approbation of the lords of of the treasury for the time being, in writing under their hands, such reasonable salaries as the said of so to be appointed shall think meet; and shall and may give and administer to such secretary and officers respectively an oath for their faithful demeanor in all things relating to the due performance of the trusts reposed in them by the said of, and in all other things touching the premises, and for their keeping secret all matters with which they shall be entrusted by the said of; and it shall be lawful for the said of from time to time at their discretion, to dismiss and discharge such secretary and other officers, and appoint others in their place, and the said secretary and officers are hereby required faithfully to execute and perform the said trusts in them severally and respectively reposed, without taking any thing for such service, other than such salaries and rewards as the said of shall direct and appoint in manner aforesaid.

No fee to be taken by officers.

Residents in Great Britain, on Jan. i,

2794, 01' lince, who have money, notes, or any effects of persons re-iiding on that day, or fmce, within the limits of the government of France, or who shall be indebted to such persons, to deliver to the of an account, &c. containing certain particulars.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no fee, reward, or gratuity, shall be demanded or taken by any publick officer or officers, for any thing done in execution of this present act, or of the said recited act.

V. And be it further enacted, That all and every person and persons residing or being in Great Britain, who on the first day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four was or were, or at any time subsequent thereto, during the present war, has or have been, or shall be knowingly possessed of or entitled to, or had or have, or shall have, in his, her, or their custody or power, any money, deeds, bonds, bills, notes, flocks, funds, or other securities for money, goods, wares, merchandizes, property, or effects, of what nature or kind soever, belonging to or at the disposal of, or in trust for, any person or persons who on the said first day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, was or were, or at any time subsequent thereto, during the present war, has or have been, or shall be reddent within any of the dominions of France, or within any territory or place which on the said first day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four was, or which, during the said war, shall be under the government of the persons exercising, or who shall hereafter exercise, the powers of government in France; and also all and every person and persons residing or being in Great Britain, who on the said first day of January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, was or were, or at any time subsequent thereto, during the said war, has or have been, or shall be, in any manner whatsoever, indebted to any such person or persons so resident within any of the dominions of France, or within any such territory or place as aforesaid, shall deliver, and he, she, and they respectively, is and are hereby required to deliver to the of to be named in such letters patent as aforesaid, at such place or places, and within such time or times, as shall be appointed for that purpose by the of, a full and true account, in writing, signed

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 79. 667

by the person or persons delivering the same, of all such money, securities for money, goods, wares, merchandize, property, debts, and effects as aforesaid, and shall in such account, either directly, or by reference to a separate paper, also to be delivered therewith as herein after mentioned, and signed by the person or persons delivering the same, declare the name or names, and the place and places of abode, within the dominions of France, or within such territory or place as aforesaid, of the person and persons respectively to whom such money, securities for money, goods, wares, merchandize, property, debts, and effects, did or do belong, or were or are owing, or at whose disposal, or in trust for whom, the same were or are, according to the belt of the knowledge, information, and belief, of the person and persons delivering such accounts respectively, and also whether any and what application has been made to such person or persons touching the disposal thereof; and so from time to time shall deliver like accounts and declarations respectively, within three calendar months after any such person or persons shall have become possessed of, or entitled to, or have in his, her, or their custody or power, any such money, securities for money, goods, wares, merchandize, property, and effedfs respectively, or shall have become so indebted as aforesaid, or shall have received any application touching the disposal of any such money, securities for money, goods, wares, merchandize, property, debts, or effects respectively; and if any person Penalty for or persons redding or being in Great Britain as aforesaid, who is ne^e<* or are or shall be knowingly possessed of or entitled to, or has or have or shall have in his, her, or their custody or power, any such money, securities for money, goods, wares, merchandize, property, or effects, or indebted as aforesaid, shall wilfully neglect or refuse to deliver, in writing, an account or particular of such articles, and to make such declaration as aforesaid, at the place or places to be appointed as aforesaid, and within the time or times within which the same ought to be delivered in pursuance of this act, or shall be guilty of any wilful concealment or omif-bon, or untrue specification of any of the matters hereby required to be declared as aforesaid, every such person, being duly convicted thereof, shall forfeit double the value of all such money, securities for money, goods, wares, merchandize, property, debts, or effects, touching which any such concealment, omission, or untrue specification, shall be made.

VI. And be it further enacted, That every such account so Accounts to hereby required to be delivered as aforesaid shall be inclosed in a be inclosed in sealed cover or sealed covers, which shall be respectively signed anywhereFS> on the outside thereof by the person or persons delivering the same matters are respectively, and shall also be respectively marked on the outside referred to fe-thereof with some letters and figures, so as by means thereof the parate^papers, same may be respectively clearly distinguished; and in case the toVe^adcTs name or names, and description or descriptions, and other mat- herein speci-ters hereby required to be declared in such account, either di- fled, &c. redlly or by reference to a separate paper, shall be expreded in such account by reference to a separate paper, such reference shall

opened by certain persons, and on certain occasions, &c.

668 Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 79. [1794.

be made by letters and figures clearly corresponding with similar letters and figures contained in such separate paper, and the several articles contained in such account shall be placed therein to the credit of the same letters and figures respectively; and such separate paper shall contain such name or names, and description or descriptions, and other matters not specified in such account, as are hereby required to be declared as aforesaid, lo that by companion of the contents of such separate paper with such account, all the matters required by this act to be declared as aforesaid may clearly and distinctly appear; and such separate paper shall be also inclosed in a diilindl sealed cover, which shall also be signed on the outfideby the person or persons delivering the same, and shall be marked on the outside with letters and figures eor-responding with the letters and figures marked on the outside of the cover in which such account shall be inclosed.

Commission*

VII. And be it further enacted, That as soon after the said Cersons^toint comm'^lon shah have passed the great seal of Great Britain as receive ac- shall be convenient, the of therein named, or such of counts, which them as shall have taken the said oath as aforesaid, shall meet and shall only be appoint a proper person or proper persons for receiving, at such place or places as such of shall name, and within such time or times as such of shall appoint, all such accounts or particulars in writing as are hereby required to be delivered as aforesaid, inclosed in sealed covers, which sealed covers shall be opened only by the said of, or some or one of them, or in the presence of some or one of the said of, by some or one of their officers sworn to secrecy; and no such cover shall be opened, unless on the application of same person or persons who shall appear to the said of to be interested in the account and declaration therein contained, except in case of necefllty, and in order to execute some provision of this act, or by virtue of a (pedal warrant from his Majesty under his sign manual, or by some person or persons authorised by his Majesty to give special warrant for that purpose; and the said of shall, to the utmost of their power, take care to conceal the name and names of all and every person and persons who shall be mentioned in such accounts and declarations, whose name or names it shall appear to the said of necessary or proper to conceal.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the signature partner in a house of trade, on behalf of himself or herself,

and his or her partners in trade in the firm of such house, to any such account and declaration and separate paper respectively, and on the outside of any such sealed cover as are hereby respectively required to be delivered and signed as aforesaid, shall be deemed the signature of all such partners respectively, and a sufficient signature within the intent and meaning of this au

IX. And be it further enacted, That if the holder or holders of any bill of exchange, draft or order for money, prohibited to be paid by the said a cl passed in the present session of parliament, shall figr.ify to the said of a desire that the money for

Signature of one partner to cc n be sufficient.

Commissioners may, on application, order morey for bills of

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 79. 66g

which such bill, draft, or order, shall have been made, should be exchange pro-'

paid into the bank of England, it shall be lawful for the said Com- C

missioners, if in their discretion they shall think fit, to summon p^'into the

the person or persons on whom such bill, draft, or order, shall bank, &c.

+have been drawn or made, to shew cause why the same should not be so paid; and if such persons or person shall refuse or neglect to attend when duly summoned, or shall not shew sufficient cause why such bill, draft, or order, should not be so paid, it shall be lawful for the said of, upon delivery to them of such bill, draft, or order, properly indorsed, to direct the money due thereon to be paid into the bank of England; and likewise, at the request of the holder or holders of such bill, draft, or order, or of the person paying the same, to direct such money, when paid into the bank, to be applied in the purchase of any stocks or funds, as to the said of shall seem meet, which stocks or funds the said of are hereby required to purchase accordingly.

X. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein but not to ex-contained shall enable the said of to order payment j^awn ori of any bill, draft, or order, which shall not appear to the satisfac- or before tion of the said of to have been drawn on or before the Jan. 1, 1794, first day of "January one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, unless accept-unless the same shall appear to the satisfaction of the said com- p^1^01 tD missioners to have been accepted on or before the first day of

February one thousand seven hundred and ninety-four: provided also, That it shall be wholly discretionary in the said of to forbear ordering payment of any bill, draft, or order, in all cases in which they shall see fit to forbear making such order.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons On request

who shall be entitled to any money, deeds, bonds, bills, notes, bqcd^hereto"

stocks, funds, or other securities for money, goods, wares, mer- the Commis-

chandize, property, debts, or effects, as aforesaid, shall be desirous sioners may

that the same shall be disposed of for his, her, or their benefit, un- order money

der and by virtue of this act, and shall fienify the same in writing ^5 P?*lc*/n-

r. r 1 & to the bank,

to the said of, either by themselves, or by any agents aiK[ securities

or agent who shall appear to the said of to be duly and effects ta authorised, or in case it shall appear, to the satisfaction of the said be delivered of, that such person or persons shall have otherwise |nt,  th,: e cu*" signified such desire, it shall be lawful for the said of persons^&c^ to order all such money and debts to be paid into the bank of England, and all such securities, property, and effects, to be delivered into the custody of such of, or such person or persons as such of shall appoint; and such of, or person or persons appointed by them, shall accordingly receive the same into their custody, and shall by certificate acknowledge the receipt of the same, a copy of which certificate shall be duly entered in a book or books to be provided and kept by such of, and such certificate shall be given to the person or persons delivering or paying such money, debts, securities, property, or effects, mentioned in such certificate; and every

6jo Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 79. [1794.

such certificate, and every entry in such book or books, shall respectively from thenceforth be an acquittance and discharge for the amount and value expressed therein to have been received, -as to the person or persons to whom such certificate shall be given, his, her, or their heirs, executors, and administrators respectively, against all persons whatever, in like manner as any receipt, discharge, or acquittance, given by the owner or owners of such money, debts, securities, property, and effects respectively, would have been in case this act had not been made.

Commission-

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any moi^v\o ber person or persons by this enabled to require payment of any paid and ef- sums or sum of money into the bank as aforesaid, or delivery of feds delivered any deeds, bonds, bills, notes, flocks, funds, or other securities to bankers of for money, goods, wares, merchandize, or effects, to the said cie 1'of, shall be desirous, and so signify to the said of, that such money should be paid, or such articles should be delivered to some banker or other person or persons, being a British subject or subjects resident in Great Britain, and of known credit and responsibility, instead of payment or delivery of such money or articles into the bank of England, or to the said of, it shall be lawful for the said of to order such money and articles to be paid and delivered accordingly; and upon such payment and delivery an acknowledgement of the receipt thereof shall be signed by the person or persons receiving such articles respectively, and shall be delivered to the said of, and the said of shall cause the same to be filed and entered in a book or books to be kept for such purpose, and shall deliver a certificate thereof to the person or persons paying or delivering such articles respectively, which certificate, and the entry in such book or books, shall be in like manner as aforesaid a discharge to such person or persons so paying or delivering such articles respectively.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons who shall have in his, her, or their custody or power, any money,

Commissioners may make like orders on

request of deeds, bonds, bills, notes, or other securities for money, pro-persons, hold- perty, or effects, or shall owe any debts, with respect to which

ing money, &c. as on application of owners.

such of are hereby impowered, upon application on behalf of the owner or owners thereof, to make such order as aforesaid, shall be desirous of obtaining a like order for the purpose of relieving themselves from the custody of such property or effects, or to discharge themselves from such debts, it shall be lawful for the said of to make like orders respecting such money, securities, property, debts, and effects, at the instance of the person or persons who shall hold or owe the same, as they are hereby impowered to do at the instance of the owner or owners thereof; which payment and delivery, and the certificate or entry of the said of thereupon, shall operate as a discharge to the person or persons so paying or delivering such money, securities for money, property, debts, and effects respectively, as against the person or persons on whole account the

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 79- 671

same shall be so paid or delivered, or his, her, or their heirs, successors, administrators, or assigns, but not against: any other person or persons.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if it Commission-shall be made appear to the satisfaction of the said of^to cor]_ that any money, deeds, bonds, bills, notes, docks, funds, fecu- tracts, &c, rities for money, goods, wares, merchandize, property, debts, or effedfs, which the said of are authorised by this act to order to be paid or delivered as aforesaid, or any parts or part thereof, are or is subject to any contract or agreement, or to any specific lien, or other right, title, or interest, at law or in equity, and that there is therefore, or on any other account, sufficient reason for forbearing to order payment or delivery of the whole, or of any parts or part thereof, or in any manner to qualify any order which they may think proper to make concerning the same, it shall be lawful for the said of (if in their discretion they shall see fit) to forbear making any such order, or to adapt their order or orders touching such articles respectively, or touching any parts or part thereof, to the particular circumstances affecting the same respectively, and in all cases to have regard to all such contracts, agreements, rights, titles, and interefis, as shall be made appear to the satisfaction of the said of to affect the several articles touching which they are authorised by this act to make such orders as aforesaid, and to protect and preserve the same, as far as the nature of the particular cases and circumstances will permit.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons Penalty on residing or being in Great Britain as aforesaid, who shall be Persons not knowingly possessed of any such money, securities, property, or withPordfrs effiedts, or shall be indebted as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to Gf the corn-pay or deliver all such money, securities, property, and effects, missioners, or to pay the amount of such debts, or any parts or part thereof,

at the times and in the manner which shall be ordered and appointed by such of in pursuance of any of the provisions of this act, every such person or persons, being thereof duly convicted, shall forfeit double the value of all such money, securities, property, effects, and debts respectively.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all property confifiing Property deli-

of goods, wares, or merchandize, and all deeds, bonds, bills of vered to the

o j97 7 7 commissioners

exchange, promissory notes and other securities for money, which may

shall be delivered to the said of under the authority &c.

of this act, shall be vested in the said of; and such

goods, wares, or merchandize, shall and may be sold and dif-

posed of at the request of the person or persons interested therein,

or his, her, or their agent or agents, or without such request, if

it shall appear to the said of necessary or adviseable to

sell and dispose thereof; and such bonds, bills of exchange, pro-

miflory notes, and other securities for money, shall, as loon as

conveniently may be after the same shall have become payable,

be converted into money by such of, or the monies

due and payable by virtue thereof shall and may be sued for in

672 Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 79. [1794.

due course of law, in the name of the secretary to the said of for the time being, for the use of the said of; and all expences attending such sales, and the receipt and management of such property, shall be defrayed by the said of out of the produce thereof.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it t^be^paid^ be lawful for any person or persons, who before the eighth

money due on day of May one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, had insurances ef- eftefted any insurance in his, her, or their name or names, on any ship or effedfs belonging to any person or persons resident in on&ips^ef- any t^e dominions of France, or within any territory or place fefts belong- which on the said fir'ft day of "January one thousand seven hundred ing to persons and ninety-four was, or during the said war shall be, under the thermitsSovernment of the persons exercising, or who shall exercise the the govern - powers of government in France, for the benefit of such person or mentoffrance persons so residing respectively, to apply to the said of on January i, to direct the payment of any money due by virtue of such infur-1^794, orsince, anC05 in such manner as the said of shall direct, which the said of are hereby authorised to order accordingly; and in case of refusal to pay such money, it shall be lawful for the person or persons in whose name or names any such insurance may have been effedfed, with the leave of the said of, to bring any action or actions on any such insurance, and to recover any money due thereon, notwithstanding any thing in the said recited act of this present session of parliament to the contrary; and that it shall not be pleaded to any such action, that the person or persons for whose benefit any such insurance was made, was or were an alien enemy or alien enemies: provided always, That all money which shall be recovered by means of any such action shall in all respects be subject to the provisions contained in the said recited act, and in this act. ffitcTthiembank

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That all money paid to

veiled\n the commissioners under the authority of this act shall be from

commission- time to time paid into the bank of England, and the same, and all other money paid into the bank of England in pursuance of this act, shall be, for the purposes of this act, vested in the said of, by the name of The Commissioners for the Preservation of Property belonging to Persons in France, and shall be from time to time paid into the bank of England as aforesaid, under such name, in which name the governor and company of the bank of England shall, and they are hereby required to open an account in their books with the said of, and shall carry to the credit of such account all such monies as shall from time to time be paid to their cashier or cashiers in pursuance of this act.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That all the monies to arise

laid out in the from such property, effects, or debts as aforesaid, which shall be funds in the ., 1.1 r df'n r.5 .,

received by the said of, shall from time to time belaid

out, by the order of the said of, upon the application

of any person or persons interested therein, his, her, or their

agent or agents, or at the discretion of the said of,

in the purchase of three pounds per centum consolidated annuities,

or

ers, See.

Money to be

name of the of, Sec.

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 79. 673

or in any other of the publick funds transferable at the bank of England, in the name of the said of by the name of Floe Commissioners for the Preservation of Property belonging to Persons in France, in which name the governor and company of the bank of England are hereby authorised and required to permit transfers to be made of the said annuities or flock so purchased, and such transfers to be accepted by the secretary of the said of, to the use of the said of; and all and every the dividends and interest to be received thereon shall be laid out in like manner in the purchase of the like annuities or flock, and the dividends and interest in all such accumulations shall be received and applied in like manner unless otherwise ordered by the said of.

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Commission-such of, upon application for that purpose by or on ers may direct: behalf of the person or persons who shall appear to their satisfaction to be entitled thereto, if in their discretion they shall think so^storing fit, to diredd the sale of such annuities or flock, or any part there- property to of, and to transfer the same accordingly, or to transfer the same the propri-without sale, either for the purpose of restoring the property in- etors> &c* vested therein to the proprietors, according to the intent and meaning of this act, or to such persons or person as the proprietors shall appoint, and in like manner to pay the interest and dividends of the said annuities and flock fa to be purchased, or any money paid into the bank as aforesaid, or to deliver any securities for money, goods, wares, merchandize, property, and effedds, which shall have been delivered to such of in pursuance of this act, provided the person or persons to whom such payment shall be made, or such effedds shall be delivered, shall not be at the time of such payment or delivery in any of the dominions of France, or in any territory or place under the government of the persons exercising the powers of government in France; but r.everthcless such payment and delivery as aforesaid shall be wholly at the discretion of the said of, and shall not be compelled in any manner whatever.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That, to avoid multiplicity Monies re-of accounts, the said of shall cause all the principal ceivedby the monies from time to time received by them, or paid into the commission-bank in pursuance of this act, to be claffect, in the order in which the bank the same shall be so received, in such classes, and in such sums in to be classed each class as they shall judge most convenient, and shall cause and entered, such classes to be respectively numbered, and a distindd statement ^c' of each class to be made out, containing the names and descriptions of the persons respectively from whom the sums of money composing such classes respectively have been received, and the sums received from each, and also the names and descriptions of the persons to whom such sums are respectively stated to belong, in the account or particular thereof delivered to the said of as aforesaid, and the sums stated therein to belong to each person; which statements shall be respectively marked with the numbers of the different classes to which they relate, and shall be

674 Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 79. [1794.

entered in a book or books, to be provided and kept by the said Duplicates to of; and the said of shall also cause two be delivered duplicates of each such statement, fairly written on paper, to be and privy1 made out and delivered, inclosed in a cover, under the leal of the count'd sealed said of, one thereof to the governor or deputy governor of the bank of England for the time being, and the other thereof to one of the clerks of his Majesty's privy council for the time being, to be carefully kept amongst the private papers of the bank of England and privy council reflectively, locked up, and which shall not be opened without the authority of his Majesty, under his sign manual.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the governor and company of the bank of England shall, and they are hereby required to permit and suffer the annuities and {lock purchased by the said of, in pursuance of this act, to be classed and entered under distinct numbers and in distinct sums, in their respective books at the bank of England., according to the said respective classes, and which classes shall be therein respectively enumerated and distinguished, in the manner the same shall have been enumerated and distinguished by the said of; and all the dividends and interest monies payable to the said of, in respect of the annuities or {lock in each class, shall, from time to time, when laid out in the purchase of other annuities or {lock of the like kind, be added to and made part of the principal monies of such class of annuities or flock from which the same dividends or interest monies respectively arose.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That all flocks and securities transferrable at the bank of England which shall be purchased in pursuance of this act, shall be accepted and transferred by the cashier of the bank of England, in pursuance of warrants under the hands of the said of for that purpose, and not otherwise.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said of shall keep separate and diflindl accounts of the amount of the

counts of the monies composing the different classes directed by this act to be different classes.

Commissioners may examine upon oath and receive affidavits.

made, and of the annuities or {lock purchased and belonging to each class, and directed to be entered separately in the books of the bank of England., and also of the produce of the annuities or flock from time to time arising in each class, and of all additions from time to time made to the same respectively; and the said annuities or {lock of each such class, together with all additions that shall have been made thereto, and all dividends due thereon, shall be divisible, transferrable, and payable, in such and the like shares or aliquot parts of the whole, as the principal monies composing the class to which such annuities or {lock shall belong would have been divided into, in case no such purchase of such annuities or Hock, or such increase thereof, had been made.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said of, and they are hereby authorised and empowered to examine upon oath or affirmation (which oath or affirmation they are respectively hereby authorised

up, and not to be opened without his Majesty's authority.

Bank to permit the stock to be classed.& c.

Stocks to be accepted and transferred by warrants of the of.

Commissioners to keep

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 70. 675

to administer), all persons who shall be willing to be examined touching all firch matters and things as shall be necessary for the execution of the powers vested in the said of, and also in all questions or disputes that may arise touching the property of any person or persons in any goods or effects whatever, delivered or paid to the said of in pursuance of this act, or touching the residence of any such person or persons claiming or interested in such property, to receive any affidavits or depositions in writing, upon oath or affirmation, which shall be made in any part of Great Britain above the dilhnce of twenty miles from London, before any mayor or chief magistrate of any city, town, or place, or before any justice of the peace, of any county or district where the person making such affidavit, deposition, or affirmation, shall happen to be, or to receive any affidavits or depositions, in writing upon oath, which shall be made in any parts beyond the Seas before any magi (Irate of the country, territory, or place, having competent power and authority to administer an oath, and redding near the place where the person making such oath shall also reside, and certified and transmitted to the said of to be appointed as aforesaid, under the hand and seal of such magistrate; provided that in every such affidavit, deposition, or affirmation, there shall be expressed the addition of the party making such affidavit, deposition, or affirmation, and the particular place of his or her abode, and the same shall be intitled as an affidavit, deposition, or affirmation, made in pursuance of this act.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any person, upon Persons giving examination upon oath or affirmation before the said co mm iffalse evidence sioners respectively, or in any affidavit, deposition, or affirmation,

before any magistrate or justice of the peace in Great Britain, 0fperjUrye: > shall wilfully and corruptly give false evidence, every such person So offending, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be and is hereby declared to be subject and liable to such pains and penalties as by any law now in being persons convicted of wilful and corrupt perjury are subject and liable to.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That three or more of the Three com-said of shall be capable of executing and doing all the missioners acts, matters, and things, which by this act the said of act' are empowered and required to do, in all cases where a Smaller

number of of is not Specially authorised to do such acts, matters and things respectively.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said commis- Commission-sioners, so to be appointed as aforesaid, shall and may Sue and be ers may iue Sued in the name of their Secretary for the time being; and that names^P no action or Suit, in law or equity, to be brought by or against their fecre-the said of, on account of this act, in the name of tary, &c. their Secretary for the time being, shall abate or be discontinued by the death or removal of such Secretary, or by the act of such Secretary, without the consent of the said of, but the Secretary of the said of for the time being shall always be deemed the plaintiff or defendant in such action or suit as the

case

out licence from his Majesty.

Persons claim-ing property may, with consent of the of, apply to the court of exchequer.

676 Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 79. [1794.

Actions to be case may be; and no action or suit shall be brought against the court of ex^6 of, in the name of their secretary, except in the chequer only, court of exchequer at Wefhriinster, and with licence first had and and not with- obtained from his Majesty, his heirs or successors, under his or their sign manual, or from such person as his Majesty, his heirs or successors, shall authorise to grant the same, and upon such terms and conditions as shall be specified in such licence; and the said of, or their secretary, shall not be otherwise charged, either collectively or individually, as jointly or several iy answerable in any suit or action whatsoever, touching any matter or thing done in execution of the trusts reposed in them by this act.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any question shall arise respecting any claim to any property, effects or debts, delivered or paid to the said of in pursuance of this act, or any interest therein, or the money arising by the sale thereof, or any part thereof, or to any annuities, fund or stock, purchased therewith, or any dividends or interest arising thereby, any person or persons claiming such property, effedis, or debts, or any interest therein, or the produce thereof, or the annuities, funds, or stock, purchased therewith, or the dividends or interest arising thereby, or any part thereof, shall and may, with the consent of the said of, but not otherwise, apply in a summary way, by motion or otherwise, touching the same, to the court of exchequer at Westminster, who shall proceed to inquire into the validity of such claim, and shall make such order therein as to the said court shall seem just.

XXX. And whereas the restrictions contained in the said recited aEi may materially affect commercial and other transactions, with respect to which it 7nay be expedient for his Majesty, under the provi-fans of the said act for that purpose, by his sign manual, order in council, or proclamation, to grant licences, either general or special, under particular circumstances, and upon certain terms and conditions: and whereas it may be doubtful how far the proof of the exigence of such circumstances, or the compliance with such terms and conditions, may lie upon the person or persons acting under such licences, or claiming the benefit thereof: be it enacted, That in all cases in which

grant licences Majesty shall think proper to grant any licence or licences, the proof of 'either general or special, by his sign manual, order in council, or proclamation, to doanyadi or adfts, under particular circumstances, or upon special terms or conditions, expressed in such licences respectively, the proof of the existence of such circumstances, and of the performance of or compliance with such terms and conditions, shall in all proceedings whatsoever, criminal or civil, lie on the person or persons acting under such licences respectively, or claiming the benefit thereof.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any adfiom or suit, either in law or equity, shall

Where his

compliance with the terms upon which granted, shall lie on { the parties claiming the benefit.

If any action

becomraenc- either in law or equity, shall be commenced or prosecuted con^ cci contrary to*/*1

act the court trai7 to provisions of this act, for or on account of the con-

may flop pro- version of any such property or effects delivered, or for or on ac-

ceedings. count of any sum of money paid to the said of, in pursuance

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 80, 8r, 677

of this act, it shall and may be lawful for the court in which such action or suit shall be commenced, in term time, or the judge, or any one or more of the judges of such court, out of the term, in a summary way, to {say all proceedings in such action or suit, upon such terms as to such court or judge reflectively shall appear necessary to enforce the provisions of this act; provided that nothing done in obedience to this act shall alter or affect the right, title, or interest, of any person whomsoever to or in any property whatsoever, real or personal, or any contract or agreement whatsoever, further or otherwise than as in this act is expressed.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That all penalties given Penalties to by this act shall be recovered by and in the name of his Majesty's t^e name^ attorney general, for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and succes- 0ft^e attor-fors, to be disposed of as he or they shall think fit for effectuating ney general, the purposes of this act, and the party incurring such penalties shall &c. remain liable to all demands, in respect of such money, securities, property, debts, and effects respectively, in respect whereof any such penalty shall be incurred as aforesaid, to which he, she, or they, would have been liable in case such penalty had not been incurred.

XXXIII. Provided always, That nothing contained in an act passed in the last session of parliament, intituled An act more ef- cited*adnot feftually to prevent, during the present war, all traitorous correspond- to affect this ence with, or aid or affijlance being given to, his Majestfs enemies, aft, &c. or in the said act passed in this session of parliament, shall extend to affect any of the provisions contained in this act; and nothing in this act contained shall extend in any manner to alter or affect the provisions contained in the said acts, or either of them, except so far as such provisions are expressly altered or affected by this act.

CAP. LXXX.

An act to continue, for a limited time, and to amend an act passed in the last session of parliament, intituled An act to continue, for a limited time, and to amend several acts of parliament for regulating the shipping, and carrying slaves in British vessels from the coast of Africa.

[July 7, 1794.]

continued to the first of August, 1795.

CAP. LXXXI.

An act for amending so much of an act passed in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of his late majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An act for ordering the forces in the several counties of this kingdom, as relates to the milita of the city of London; and for the better ordering the same.

[July 7, 1794.]

WHEREAS the laws now in force for the regulation of the

[Preamble.]

militia of the city of London have been found in same respects defective: and whereas further powers are necessary for the better ordering of the said militia \ be it therefore enacted by the King's moll; excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the

lords

6; 8

Commissioners of lieutenancy may call out, arm, &c. the militia and appoint officers.

Officers to have the same rank as the rest of the militia.

Commissions not vacated by the revocation, &c. of the commission under which granted.

Officers to possess the like qualifications as required by 26 Geo. 3. c. 107, for commffions in militia for cities which are counties of themselves, &c.

Establishment of the militia.

Times of hold ing courts of lieutenancy.

Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 81. [1794.

lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That his Majesty's of of lieutenancy, that now are and hereafter shall be constituted and appointed for the city of London, shall have full power and authority, and are hereby required to call together, arm, array, and cause to he trained and exercised, such persons, and in such manner, as is herein after directed, once in every year; and the said of shall from time to time constitute and appoint a proper number of colonels, lieutenant colonels, majors, and other officers, qualified as* herein after directed, to train, discipline, and command, the persons so to be armed and arrayed, according to the rules, orders, and directions, herein after mentioned and the officers so appointed filial] have the same rank in the army as the officers of the rest of the militia forces of this kingdom.

II. And be it further enacted, That no commission of any officer, granted by his Majesty's said of of lieutenancy for the city of London, in pursuance of this act, shall be vacated by reason of the revocation, expiration, or discontinuance of such commission by which such of were appointed.

III. And be it further enacted, That every person, so to be appointed officers of the said militia in pursuance of this act, shall possess the like qualification, to the satisfaction of the said of, with respect.to property, as those of the same rank in all cities and towns which are counties within themselves are directed to possess, by an act passed in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for amending, and reducing into one act of parliament, the laivs relating to the militia in that part of Great Britain called England; and every commissioned officer shall take the oaths, and make, repeat, and subscribe, the declaration by the said act required to be taken, made, repeated, and subscribed; and every commissioned officer shall be a freeman of the city of London.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the number of private men to be raised by virtue of this act for the militia of the city of London, and liberties thereof, shall be one thousand two hundred, to be formed into two regiments, confiding each of eight companies, besides a grenadier and light infantry company, of sixty private men to a company: the field officers of each regiment shall be one colonel, one lieutenant colonel, and one major; and there shall be one captain, one lieutenant, and one ensign, to each company, except to the grenadier and light infantry companies, to each of which there shall be appointed two lieutenants, instead of one lieutenant and one ensign.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said of shall and are hereby required to hold a general court of lieutenancy for the said city on the first Wednesday next after the passing of this act, and afterwards, annually, to hold two general courts of lieutenancy for the said city, (that is to say), one court to be holden on the third Wednesday in January, and one court on the third Wednesday in February, in every year, for carrying the purposes

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 81. 679

poses of this act duly and fully into execution; and that the said of may, from time to time, as often as they shall find it necessary, summon or cause to be summoned other general courts for the like purposes.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the private militia men Men to be to be raised by virtue of this act shall be chosen by ballot: pro- chosen by bal-vided always. That such person or persons, bodies politick and ^ot* corporate, guilds, myfieries, fraternities, and brotherhoods, whe- Persons liable ther corporate or not corporate, and the owners or occupiers of be ballotted publick offices and buildings only, shall be liable to be ballotted for* for to serve, or find a man or men, but who are or shall be rated to the land tax in the ward, parish, or liberty, in which they shall reside, occupy, or carry on trade or business, for the land, house, shop, warehouse, vault, cellar, or other tenement, hereditaments, premises, or other property, possessed, rented, or occupied by them, in the following proportions; (videlicet), Such as are rated at the Proportions in sum of fiftteen pounds, and from thence upwards to the sum cf whkh liable, one hundred pounds, to be liable to be ballotted for one man; such as are rated at the sum of one hundred pounds, and from thence upwards to the sum of two hundred pounds, to be liable to be ballotted for two men; and such as are rated at the sum of two hundred pounds, and from thence upwards, to be liable to be ballotted for three men: provided always, That no private person or persons shall be liable to be ballotted for more than three men, except bodies politick and corporate, guilds, mysteries, fraternities, and brotherhoods, whether corporate or not corporate, and the owners or occupiers of publick offices and buildings, who shall be liable to be ballotted for in the same proportions as are herein-before directed respecting private persons; and further, in the like proportions and upwards, to the full extent of the sums at which they shall be rated atto the land tax: and the said of, at the annual court in January, shall Commission-and are hereby required to issue precepts to the aldermen, de- ers to puties, and common council of the several wards of the said city [lie^dVrmen and liberties, who shall be thereby directed and empowered to &c. to make > make out a fair and true list in writing of every such person and out lifts of persons, bodies politick and corporate, guilds, myfieries, frater- Per nsliable-mi ties, and brotherhoods, whether corporate or not corporate, and the owners or occupiers of publick offices and buildings, in their respective wards, so liable as aforesaid to be ballotted for, charging and affixing the numbers against the names of such person or persons, bodies politick and corporate, guilds, myfieries, fraternities, and brotherhoods, whether corporate or not corporate, and owners or occupiers of publick offices and buildings, as may be liable (for a greater estate than as above-mentioned) to find more than one man; and such lifts shall be delivered to the find Lifts tobede-

of at the court to be held on the third

ay in

livered to the commissioners, and no-

February, and notice given to every person or parties in felted i such lifts, that they will be returned at the said court, in order tice to be that all who shall think themselves aggrieved may appeal at the given to the said court, after which no appeal shall be received 3 and the said persons in-

COm- thevcm.

68o

Commissioners to issue precepts for choosing by ballot the appointed number in each ward, and to appoint a court to receive returns.

Aldermen, &c. to direct constables to give notice to the persons chosen, &c.

Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 81. [1794.

of shall fix the number to be ballotted for in each ward by the proportion which the numbers so returned in such lifts bear to the whole number of militia men by this act directed to be raised, and so from time to time, as circumstances shall require; and the said of shall, according to such lifts, divide the said wards of the said city and liberties into two districts or divisions, from whence the two regiments shall be respectively raised.

VII. And be it further enacted, That when the number of men to be raised in each ward shall have been appointed, the said of shall issue precepts to the said aldermen, deputies, and common council, of the several wards of the said city and liberties thereof, empowering them to cause the number of men so appointed to be raised in their respective wards to be chosen by ballot out of the lift returned for such ward; and that every person who shall be charged for more than one man shall be ballotted for in proportion to such number as he shall be so charged with; and the said of shall appoint a court to be holden within three weeks after issuing such precepts, to receive a return of such persons as shall be so chosen by bailot; and the said aldermen, deputies, and common council, shall direct the constables, beadles, or other ward officers, to give notice in writing to every person so chosen by bailot, to appear at the said court, which notice shall be given at his or their usual place of abode at least six days before such court; and such constable, beadle, or other officer, shall attend the said court, and make return on oath of the days when such notices were served; and every person so chosen by ballot shall upon such notice appear, and there take

the following oath

(that is to say),

Oath to be 7 A.B.^fencer ely promfee and few ear, That I zvill be faithful and

l'onsChofen1*ear irue a^eZiance his majesty King George; and I do fewear'that I am a protestant, and that I will faithfully feerve in the militia of London, within the kingdom of Great Britain, for the defence of the same, during the term of five years, for which I am inrolled, un- leys I shall be sooner discharged.

who are to be And every such person shall be inrolled (in a roll to be then and fiv^earsr t^lere prepared for that purpose) to serve in the militia of the city Subftkutes London^ as a private man, for the space of five years: provided may be found. always_5 That no person or persons so chosen by ballot to serve, or to find a man or men as aforesaid, shall be compellable to serve in person, but may, according to such proportion as he is or shall be charged by this act, (and the owners and occupiers of publick offices and buildings, bodies politick and corporate, guilds, mysteries, fraternities, and brotherhoods, whether corporate, or not corporate, the owners and occupiers of publick offices and buildings, and all persons incapacitated by age or infirmity, shall) find one or more fit and able man or men, who shall have not more than one child born in wedlock, and who shall reside in the said city, or within three miles thereof, and who shall be approved

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c.

proved by the adjutant or other officer appointed by the said of for that purpose; and every substitute so provided and Substitut's to approved shall be inrolled to serve in the said militia as a private ^lro^e<* man for the space of five years, and also for such further time as the militia shall remain embodied, if within the space of five years his Majesty shall order the said militia to be drawn out and embodied, as herein after provided 5 and such substitute shall take the following oath

I A.B. do sincerely promise and swearb That I will he faithful and Oath to be* hear true allegiance to his majesty King George; and I do swear taken by sub-that I am a protestant, and that I will faithfully serve in the militia ^tutes* tf/'London, within the kingdom ^Great Britain, for the defence of the same, during the term of five years, or for such further time as the militia shall remain embodied^ if voithin the space of five years his Majesty shall order and direct the said militia to be drawn out and embodied, unless I shall be sooner discharged.

And it shall be lawful for any one of the said of to ^fei^ayad-administer the said oaths. ministeroath^.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if, through neglect, jf fun number mistake, or from any other cause, the full number of men ap- be not inrolled pointed to be raised in any of the said wards shall not be duly, in- a fresh ballot rolled at the court appointed for that purpose, the said commis- to talcen*sioners may* and are hereby required, immediately to issue precepts to proceed to a fresh ballot or ballots, as often as may be necessary and expedient for carrying the purposes of this act duly

into execution; and that when any militia man or substitute as also to fill

shall, before the expiration of the term for which he was to serve, UP vacancies

die, or be appointed a serjeant, corporal, or drummer, in the said

militia, or be discharged in pursuance of the sentence of a court

martial, or otherways regularly discharged, the vacancy shall be

filled up by a fresh bailot, in the ward for which such militia

man or substitute served.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons Persons cho-chosen by bailot, or compellable to find a substitute or substitutes, fen, not being-according to the directions of this act, to serve in the militia, 4uakers> a.n* (not being one of the people called Quakers), shall refuse or to^orfeit* neglect to appear and take the oath, and serve in the said militia, iol. tobeap-or to provide a substitute or substitutes (as the case may be) to pbecl in probe approved as aforesaid, who shall take the oath, and sign his or their consent to serve as his or their substitute or substitutes, every such person so refuting or neglecting shall forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds, and the like sum for every man not so provided, for which he shall have been ballotted; which said penalties shall be applied, by order of the said of, in providing substitutes for the persons who have paid such penalties, and which substitutes shall be sworn in and inrolled to serve for the same time, and on the same conditions, as is herein-before provided in the case of substitutes provided by persons chosen by bailot; and if any surplus shall remain, the same shall be paid to the colonel

Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 81. [1794.

or such officer as he shall appoint, of the regiment for which fucfc person shall serve, and be applied as part of the regimental (lock purse.

Commissioners may provide substitutes for quakers refuting to do it, and levy the expence.

Quakers may appeal to the of.

Persons not liable to be ballotted for a second time but in rotation.

Persons exempted.

Alderman, &c. of each ward to be assessors.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any person being one of the people called Quakers shall be chosen by ballot to serve in the said militia, or to find a man or men, and shall refuse or neglect to provide a substitute or substitutes, to be approved as aforesaid, who shall take the oath, and subscribe his or their consent to serve as the substitute or substitutes of such quaker, then and in every such case the said of shall, if they think proper* provide and hire, or cause to be provided and hired, upon as reasonable terms as may be, a fit and proper person or persons for such quaker; and the said of.; or any three or more of them, are hereby authorised, by warrant under their hands and sea], to levy, by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of the said quaker, such sums of money as shall be necessary to defray the expences of providing and hiring such substitute or substitutes, rendering to such quaker the overplus, (if any), after deducing the charges of such distress and sale; and in case any measures shall be used, in making distress as aforesaid, which may be by such quaker thought oppressive, it shall be lawful for such quaker to appeal to the said of at their next court, who are hereby required and impowered to hear and finally determine the same.

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no person or persons having been ballotted for, and served, or found a substitute or substitutes, or paid the penalties for not feryingor finding such substitutes, according to the directions of this act, shall be liable to be ballotted for again, until by rotation it shall come to his turn; and no clergyman, or licensed teacher of any separate congregation, and no person serving as a commissioned officer in the said militia, or who shall have served four years therein, shall be liable to be ballotted for.

XII. And, for the better and more speedy execution of these pre-?nifes; be it further enacted, That the alderman, or his deputy, and the major part of the common councilmen for the time being, in each ward within the said city or liberties, shall be the assessors in their respective wards to charge all person and persons, bodies politick and corporate, guilds, mysteries, fraternities, and brotherhoods, whether corporate or not corporate, and the owners or occupiers of publick offices and buildings, liable to be ballotted for in their respective wards as herein-before directed, and shall likewise be the assessors of the trophy tax herein after directed to be continued to be raised and paid, and shall appoint proper persons to col'ecSt the same.

XIII. And whereas it is just and reasonable that every ward of the said city and liberties should raise and contribute its quota towards the said militia, and the trophy tax hereafter directed to be continued If the alder- to be raised be it therefore further enacted, That if the alderman man, &c. r.eg-or deputy^, and the major part of the common council of any returus^Act ward, ftxall refuse or neglect to make a return of the lifts to the said

1794.] Anno o i-egnl tricesimo quarto GEORGiillL c. 81* 68$

said of of the persons liable to be ballotted for inortoa^e^s their respective wards, or, having made such return, shall neglect^thecom to proceed to ballot for the number of persons to be raised by missionersmay such ward, as herein-before directed, according to the precepts do it.

Hliied to them for that purpose, the said of shall and are hereby authdrifea to make out such lifts, and proceed to ballot for the proper number of persons to be raised in such ward, in manner herein-beforfe directed; and if the said alderman or de* puty, and the major part of the common council of any ward, shall* in like manner, negletft or refuse to assess and levy the proportion of the trophy tax of such ward, the said of shall and are hereby further authorised to assess, levy, and raise, the trophy tax of such Ward, the alderman or deputy, and major part of the Common council of which shall make such default.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if the alderman of de- Volunteers puty, and common council of any ward aforesaid, with the con-

sent of the inhabitants liable to serve or find a substitute or sub- of the quota stitutes taken at a wardmote to be holden for that purpose (for of any ward* calling such wardmote three days previous notice to be givers specifying the cause of calling the same) shall provide and produce to the said of, at any court appointed for the purpose of inrolling the militia men of such ward, any volunteer Or volunteers who shall be approved, and shall be then and there sworn in and inrolled for such term, and on such conditions, as is herein-before provided in cases of substitutes produced by persons chosen by bailot, it shall be lawful for the said alderman or de- puty, and common council, so to do; and the said of shall cause only such number of persons to be chosen by ballot out of the lift returned for such 'ward as shall be then wanted to make up the whole number to serve for the said ward; and if Any sums the said alderman, deputy, or common council, shall give to such fe^gV^otex volunteer or volunteers any sum or sums of money, not exceed- ceecjing 81. ing eight pounds each man, to serve in the militia for such ward, each, may be it shall be lawful for such alderman or deputy, and the major levied on the part of the common council, to make an equal rate upon all and ward* every person and persons liable to serve or find a substitute or substitutes who do or shall inhabit, hold, occupy, possess, -or enjoy, any land, house, shop, warehouse, vault, cellar, or other tenement or hereditament, within the said ward, (regard being had in making the said rate to the abilities of, and likewise to the rent paid by, the said several person or persons), to reimburse them-lelves such sums of money as they shall have paid to such volunteers aforesaid; but no person who shall have been chosen by bailot, and shall have served, found a substitute, or paid the penalty for not finding a substitute, shall be liable to pay any of such rate, unless it shall be his turn by rotation to be ballotted for again.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the said of Commiflicm* may and shall appoint one proper person to be adjutant to each p0^an act"-regiment of the said militia, and such person, if appointed out of jutantto each his Majesty's other forces, shall, during his service in the said regiment, militia, preserve his rank in the army, in the same manner as if who, if from

Yyz he the army,

6$4 Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. Sr.

[1794.

mxy prefctve he had continued in that service; and the said of;

may give any such adjutant a commission of lieutenant or ensign, may hold a.g r { J r p

fubaltenCs although such adjutant may not have the qualification required

commission, by this act for a lieutenant or ensign; and it shall be lawful for and have bre- the said of, on the recommendation of the colonel or capSn^  commanding officer, of either regiment, to appoint the adjutant though not of hich regiment to the rank of captain by brevet, provided such qualified, dec, adjutant has served five years in the rank of lieutenant, either in the militia or in any of his Majesty's other forces, although such. adjutant may not have the qualification required by this act for captains: provided always, That no such appointment to the rank of captain shall be valid, unless in the instrument granting the same it be specified in what regiment of battalion, and whether of the militia or of his Majesty's other forces, such adjutant hath served in the rank of lieutenant, and what was or were the date or dates of his commission or commissions: provided also, That no adjutant so appointed to the rank of captain shall, by the date of such appointment as aforesaid, or otherwise, be entitled to rank above or to command any captain of a company in the said militia; nor shall, by virtue of such appointment, be entitled to receive any greater pay than that of a lieutenant, together with his pay as adjutant,

Commission

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said of point a quarter ma)r aPP^nt 3 quarter mailer to each regiment, and also a regi-imiitT and re- mental clerk to each regiment, who shall execute the office of gimaitalclerk. pay mailer: provided always, That no adjutant, surgeon, quarter No adjutant, mailer, or regimental clerk, shall be capable of being appointed &C'tde aP" captain of a company j- and no person holding a commission of tain of a com- CJiptain of a company shall be capable of being appointed adju-pany, &c. tant, surgeon, quarter mailer or regimental clerk: provided nevertheless. That any regimental clerk may be appointed captain lieutenant.

The pay of

XVII. And be it further enacted, That every adjutant, regi-clerks111 uarter menta^ c^erh, and quarter master, to be appointed by virtue of mailers fer- this shall receive the usual pay of such offices and appoint-jeant majors, ments, or such other allowance as the said of shall think proper and adequate to the service; and that serjeant majors, serjeants, corporals, drum and fife majors, and drummers and filers, shall receive the same pay as those of the rest: of the militia Civil appoint- forces of this kingdom; and the said of may make ments maybe fucfi cjvil appointments as they shall see necessary for carrying ma e* the purposes of this at?c into execuion.

Officers on

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That no officer who is

hair pay serv- entitled to half pay shall be deemed or taken to forfeit or quit m as lieu- rm j m m

tenants Sec/ fhch half Pay during the time he shall serve as lieutenant, ensign,

to receive it adjutant, regimental clerk, pay master, quarter master, or surgeon, on taking the in the said militia, but that the same shall nevertheless continue; following and instead of the oath directed by the act (for punishing mutiny, and desertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters) to be taken by such officer, he shall take the following oath:

I 'A, B.

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 81. 685

7"A.B. ^7 swear, That I had not, between Oath.

any or employment of profit, civil or military, under his Majesty, besides my allowance of half pay, as a reduced in late regiment of

five and except my pay as lieutenant, ensign, adjutant, regimental clerk, pay master, quarter mafier, or surg eon, [as the case may bej, for serving in the said militia.

And the taking of the said oath, without taking any other oath, shall be sufficient to entitle such person to receive his half pay.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That serjeants, corporals, Proportions of and drummers, shall be appointed to the said militia as follows

(that is to say), there shall be three serjeants, three corporals, aBd dram-and tv/o drummers, to each company, with the addition of one mers, and drummer to each of the flank companies; and such serjeants, cor- when to be porals, and drummers, shall be new cloathed, when not in adhial cla*hed. service, once in two years; and all serjeants and corporals shall take the following oath; (that is to say).

I A.B. do Jincerdy promise and swear, That I ivill he faithful and Oath to be hear true allegiance to his majesty King George; and I do swear ta^eo by non-that I am a protestant, and that I will faithfully serve as a serjeant or corporal [as the c, afe may be] in the said militia within the kingdom of Great Britain, for the defence of the same, until I shall be legally discharged*

And the colonel of each regiment may appoint a serjeant major out of the serjeants, and a drum major out of the drummers; jeant major and all serjeants, corporals, and drummers, having received any and drum ma-, pay as such in the said militia, shall be deemed to be engaged and commis compellable to serve in the said militia until they shall be legally OQe^ officers discharged: provided always, That every serjeant, corporal, and and drummers drummer, appointed in the said militia, shall re side in the city having recenr-of London, or within one mile thereof: and provided also,

That no person who shall keep any house of publick entertain- fenre# ment, or who shall sell ale or wine, or brandy or other spirituous Serjeants, &c. liquors, by retail, shall be capable of being appointed or serving to within as a serjeant, corporal, or drummer, in the said militia, L^don^'and

XX. And be it further enacted, That any serjeant*, corpora?, no* to^drummer, or filer, may be discharged by the colonel, or by the publicans, commanding officer (with the content of the captain of the com- Commanding pany); and that the captain (with the approbation of the com- officers may mantling officer) may appoint any proper person in the room

every serjeant, corporator drummer, who shall die, desert, or be officers, and discharged, all which serjeants, and corporals, so appointed, shall the captain take the like oath as is herein-before required to be taken by may appoint serjeants and corporals. successors.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That in case the colonel and Officers may other officers of both or either regiment of the said militia shall be desirous of keeping up a greater number of drummers than R[uilciansSifS two for each company, to be employed as lifers or nmficians for they defray

Y y 3 the the expence.

Militia to be exercised a 8

amenable to the mutiny laws.

Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 81. [1794.

the use of the said militia, and shall be willing to defray the exT pence of such additional drummers, it shall and maybe lawful for the colonel of each or either regiment to engage any additional number of drummers to a<b as fifers or musicians in their respective regiments; and all such drummers, so engaged to serve in the said militia, shall be deemed as drummers in the said militia within the meaning of this act, to all intents and purposes whatsoever, and shall be subject to the same orders, regulations, penalties, and punishments, as other drummers of militia are by this act subject to, and shall continue to serve as drummers so long as they shall receive the same pay and cloathing as other drummers have, or better cloathing in lieu thereof, and no longer, txercucu

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the said militia, or at

successive days ^ea^ thereof, appointed as aforesaid, shall be trained and annually, and exercised, once in every year, for twenty-eight days together, at such time as shall be leaf! inconvenient to the publick, such time to be appointed by the said of; and during such time as the said militia shall be assembled for the purpose of being trained and exercised all the clauses, provisions, matters, and things, contained in any act of parliament which shall then be in force for the punishing mutiny and desertion, and for the betteb payment of the army, and their quarters, shall be in force with respect to the said militia; and all the officers, non-commissioned officers, and private men of the same, shall be subject and liable thereto in all cases whatsoever, but fq that no punishment shall extend to loss of life or limb.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That notice of the time of exerciic^o6 anc^ P^ace exerch'e of the said militia shall be sent by the clerk be affixed on of said of to thp ward clerk, beadles, or other

officers of the several wards of the said city, with directions to cause such notice to be affixed on the doors of the churches or chapels in their respective wards; and all such militia men shall duly attend at the time and place of exercise according tP such notice: and the said clerk shall, ten days at least before the time appointed for the annual exercise, transmit to the colonel of each regiment, (or to such person as shall be by him appointed to receive the same), a full and true lift, specifying the name, place of abode, and date of inrolment, of all persons inrolled to serve in their respective regiments, and shall in like manner cause a duplicate of such lift to be transmitted to the adjutant of such regiment.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That every adjutant^ regimental clerk, quarter master, serjeant major, serjeant, corporal, drum major, drummer, and fifer, of the said militia, shall be at all times subject to any act which shall be in force for punishing mutiny and desertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters, and to the articles of war, under the command of the colonel of the regiment to which he belongs; and it shall be lawful for the colonel to direct the holding of courts martial, whenever such regiment shall be embodied for the purpose of annual exercise, for the trial of any serjeant major, serjeant, corporal,

drum

Notice of the

the church doors.

Ten daye prior to the annual exercise, lifts of the men inrolled to be lent the colonel, &c.

Adjutants, &c. subject to the mutiny hdts, & c.

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 8x. 687

drum major, or drummer, of such regiment, for any.offence committed during the time such regiment was not embodied, but so that no punishment shall extend to the loss of life or limb.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That any serjeant or cor- Non-commis-poral of the said militia may, by sentence of a court martial, be ^one5e0reCerS reduced to the condition of a private soldier of the said militia, to to serve serve as such during any time, not exceeding fifteen months, as privates, after which time, if not regularly re-appointed to the rank of a

non - commissioned officer, he shall be discharged from the service. Arms when

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the arms, accoutre- not wanted

ments, and cloathing, belonging to the said militia, when not on ^ere^the" duty or embodied, shall be kept in such convenient place as the Commission-said of shall direct; and that new cloathing shall be ers shall direct. provided for the private militia men at leail once in every five Privates to be years, when net embodied for ablual service. clothed once

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the commissioned in five years* and non-commissioned officers of the said militia shall receive the PaY of the same pay as those of the other militia forces of this kingdom,

and when afie mb led for the purpose of being trained and exercised, the private men shall receive one shilling per day each man and Men may be it shall be lawful for the captain or commanding officer of every put under company to put the militia men of his company under stoppages ftPPaScs*

Uot exceeding sixpence per day, for the purpose of providing them with linen, and also with {lockings and other necessaries, and for defraying the expence of repairing any arms which shall have been broken or damaged by any such militiaman's neglect-: provided always, That every such captain or commanding officer shall account with each militia man for such stoppage, and after having deducted what shall have been laid out and paid for necessaries, and for repairing the arms as aforesaid, shall pay the sum remaining (if there shall be any) into the hands of the militia man to whom the same belongs, before such militia man shall be di{miffed from such training and exercise.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the non-commis- Allowance Coned officers, drummers, fifers, and private m.en, serving in the lieu of quar-said militia, shall, when embodied for annual exercise, or other- ters*

wife be in ablual service within the city of London, be allowed, in lieu of quarters, at the rate of one shilling and nine-pence per, week each man, to provide lodgings, in addition to their pay.

XXIX. Andy for the heiier and more speedy execution of the pre- Treasurers mifes, be it further enacted, That the said of shall be and clerks and are hereby required to appoint one or more treasurer or trea- may keap-furers, clerk or clerks, for receiving and paying such monies as "

shall be levied by virtue of this act, and of all which receipts and disbursements the said treasurer or treasurers, clerk or clerks, are once in every year to give their accounts, in writing and upon oath, to the said of, which oath the said of have hereby power to administer.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That every militia man, to

substitute, or volunteer, being sworn in and inrolled, and every

fcrjeaotj corporal, drummer, and fifer, raised by virtue of this c. 107, as far

Y y 4 abl, as relates to

T'penalties, Soc.

Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 8x.

[1794.

aft, shall be subject to every clause, provision, matter and thing, contained in an zt of the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for amending, and reducing into one act of parliament, the laws relating to the militia in that part of Great Britain called England, as far as relates to the penalties and punishments of militia men, serjeants, corporals, and drummers, for not attending the annual exercise, for deserting during it, for not appearing when ordered to be embodied, for enlisting into the army or offering so to enliss, or enlisting into any other militia, or for felling or pawning their arms, accoutrements, or cloaths, or neglecting or refusing to return them in good order; and shall be proceeded against in manner directed by the said act; and the said militia men, substitutes, and volunteers, shall be entitled to the same bounty when ordered out into atual service beyond the limits of the said city, or liberties thereof, or when t^e*r service shall be prolonged, as is granted by the said at; and set'up^hT any^ every person having served in the said militia when drawn out into part of Great actual service, being a married man, may set up and exercise any trade in any town or place in Great Britain, as directed by the said act.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this act, or any thing herein contained, shall not diminish or be prejudicial to the rights, privileges, immunities, and exemptions, to which the mayor and commonalty, and citizens of the city of London, or the freemen, citizens, or inhabitants of the said city, are entitled to enjoy by prescription, act of parliament, charter, or usage; but the said mayor and commonalty, and citizens, and the freemen, citizens, and inhabitants, of the said city, shall and may continue to enjoy all and singular the said rights, liberties, usages, customs, privileges, immunities, and exemptions, in as full, ample, and beneficial a manner, as if this act had not been made.

His Majesty,

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases of actual in case of in- jnVafion, or upon imminent danger thereof, and in all cases of mayorde^the rebellion or insurrection, it shall be lawful for his Majesty (the militai to be occasion being first communicated to parliament, if the parlia- embodied, ment shall be then fitting, or declared in council, and notified by timTt'he shall Proc^ama^on>^no parliament shall be then fitting or in being) belfable to the to orc^er and direct the said of, with all convenient mutiny laws, speed, to draw out and embody the said militia, or such part as 1 his Majesty shall in his wisdom judge necessary, and in such

manner as shall be best adapted to the circumstances of the danger; and the officers, non-commissioned officers, drummers, filers, and private men, of the said militia, shall from the time of their being drawn out and embodied as aforesaid, and until they shall by his Majesty's orders be disembodied, be subject and liable to all the provisions contained in any a ft of parliament which shall be then in force for punishing mutiny and desertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters; and such act shall be in force with respei to the said militia, and shall'a extend

Britain.

A eft not to prejudice the rights of the city.

68c,

extend to all the officers, non-commissioned officers, drummers, fifers, and private men, in all cases whatsoever.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That from the date of When embo-his Majesty's warrant for drawing the said militia into actual fer- gnt?t]edto^he vice, the officers, non-commissioned officers, and private men of same^as, the same shall be entitled to the same pay as the officers, non- the other commissioned officers, and private men of his Majesty's other forces, and if regiments of foot receive, and no other; and if any non-commissioned officer or private man of the said militia shall be maimedta^ or wounded in actual service, he shall be equally entitled to the r benefit of Chelsea Hospital with any non-commissioned officer or private man belonging to any of his Majesty's forces.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That when the said mi- His Majesty Jitia shall be drawn out and embodied as aforesaid, it shall be may put one lawful for his Majesty to put one regiment of the said militia J^thTcom under the command of such general officers as his Majesty shall mandofgene-be pleased to appoint, and to direct the said regiment to be led by ral officers, its respective officers into any parts of this kingdom, for repelling &c. and prevention of any such invasion, and for the suppression of any rebellion or insurrection within this realm of Great Britain, not exceeding the distance of twelve miles from the said city, or to the nearest place of encampment, and the other regiment shall remain in the city of London, for the defence of the said city, and the suburbs thereof.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That when the said mi- Militia, when

Jitia, or part thereof, having been so drawn out into actual service disembodied, as aforesaid, shall be again duly disembodied, and the officers and the^or

private men thereof difrnifled, to return to their several places of dersthey were abode, the officers, non-commissioned officers, drummers, and before drawn private men, shall be subject to the same orders, directions, and out. engagements only, as they were subject to under the provisions of this act, before they were so drawn out into actual service as aforesaid.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That for defraying the How the pay, necessary charges of pay, cloathing, trophies, and other incidental &c. of the expences of the said militia, it shall be lawful for the said com- militia is to be missioners to continue to raise and levy in every year, in manner^herein-before directed, the proportion of one month's tax, amounting to four thousand six hundred and sixty-six pounds

thirteen shillings and four-pence, which the said city hath been used to pay, by virtue of an act passed in the thirteenth and fourteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An off for ordering the forces in the several counties of the kingdom \ and in addition thereto the receiver general of the land tax for the said city shall and is hereby required to issue and pay annually, to the treasurer appointed by the said of, so much money as shall be necessary, in aid of the trophy tax, towards the said expence of training, exercising, paying, and keeping in readiness, and other incidental expences of the said militia; and the receipt of the said treasurer so appointed

shall

69 o

Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 81. [1794.

shall be a sufficient discharge to the said receiver general for the money so to be issued and paid by him.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the acceptance of a commission in the said militia shall not vacate the feat of any member returned to serve in parliament; and that no person being an officer of the said militia shall be compelled to serve the office of sheriff.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That

punishable for no pffrcer Df t^e fa; d rnilitia, or a nrivate militia man of the said going to elec-, 3, n r

Commissions not to vacate feats, nor officer liable to serve as sheriff. Voters not

tions, &c.

Colonel to return state of the regiment when called

Persons serv-ine in the mi- j "^litia not liable drummer.

See.

When in actual service, an agent may be appointed.

militia, shall be liable to any penalty or punishment for or on account of his absence during the time he shall be going to vote at

D O O

any eledfion of a member to serve in parliament, or during the time he shall be returning from such election.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the colonel or other commanding officer of each regiment shall, and is hereby required, as often as the said regiment shall be called out to annual out to annual exercise as before directed, to return to the said of a exercise, See. true fcate Of such regiment; and in case the colonel or commanding officer of either or both regiments shall refuse or negletff, for the space of three months after the said annual exercise, so to do, he shall for every such offence forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds.

XL. And be it further enacted, That no serjeant, corporal, r, or lifer, of the said militia, nor any private man from to serve as the time of his inrollment until he shall be regularly discharged peace officers, from the said militia, shall be compelled to serve as a peace officer or parish officer, or to serve in any of his Majesty's sea forces.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That when the said militia shall be drawn out into actual service, and during the time they shall continue in actual service, the said of may appoint an agent to the said militia, and the said of shall take security from such agent.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That every clause, provision, matter, and thing, contained in an act of parliament, passed in the thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to provide for the families of persons chosen by lot to serve in the militia of this kingdom, and of fubfituies serving therein; and to explain and amend an act of parliament, passed in the twenty-sixthyear of his present Majestfs reign, intituled,* An act for amending, and reducing into one act of parliament, the laws relating to the militia in that part of Great Britain called England y and a}fq in an act passed in the thirty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to amend an act passed in the lift fffton of parliament, intituled, c An act to provide for the families of persons chosen by lot to serve in the militia of this kingdom, and of substitutes serving the rein; and to explain and amend an act of parliament, passed in the twenty sixth year of his present Majesty, intituled, c An act for amending, and reducing into one act of parliament, the laws relating and 34 Geo. 3. (o militia of that part of Great Britain called England f and tend\ohis- a an ac^ ma^e in Pre^ent Lffion of parliament, intituled, aft. An act for augmenting the militia, shall be deemed to extend to the

families

33 Geo. 3.

34 Geo. c. 47.

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 8l.

families of the said serjeants, corporals, drummers, fifers, substitutes, and volunteers, of the said militia.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That the provisions of an act passed in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for the rendering 24 Geo. p. c. justices of the peace more safe in the execution of their office; and for 44* to extend indemnifying con fables and others adding in obedience to their war-^ffionersarid rants, ifiall extend to his Majesty's said of, and the aiTelfors under assessors acting in the execution of this act, or any other which this act. relates to the said militia, in like manner and as fully and effectually, as the same extend to justices of the peace acting in the execution of their office.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That when the said militia The commi f-shall not be embodied according to the provisions of this act, it sioners may shall and may be lawful for the said of, when and so often as it shall seem to them requisite and necessary, to order the 0^cers with serjeants and corporals of the said two regiments, or so many as to officers, to be them may seem fit, to be put in possession of their cloaths, arms, put under the and accoutrements, and, with their proper officers, or such of- orders of the ficers as they shall appoint, to be kept in constant readiness to be

put under the orders of the lord mayor or other magistrates of the said city, who shall have power and authority to call out the whole or any part thereof for the suppression of riots, or any other requisite duty for which they may be wanted, the said officers and men, when so called out, to be subject to the same penalties as are herein-before directed when the said militia shall be actually embodied; and the said of may order the said serjeants and corporals to be inspedfed and exercised so often as they shall think proper and necessary.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That no officer serving in Officers of the the said militia shall fit in any court martial upon the trial of any militia to officer or soldier serving in any of his Majesty's other forces, of other other than militia forces \ nor shall any officer serving in any of utia officers his Majesty's other forces, other than the militia forces, fit in any only, and vice court martial upon the trial of any officer or private man serving vei"fa* in the said militia.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be After passing lawful to and for the said of, immediately after the ralcourtsma- paffiqg this act, to hold such general courts, and to issue such pre-

cepts for the purpose of carrying this act into execution, in like manner as is herein-before directed to be done at the annual general courts,

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Commissions passing of this act, all commissions heretofore granted by the said heretofore of, in conformity to their former powers, shall cease &rante(* V01*and become void.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That all fines, penalties, Recovery and and forfeitures, by this act imposed, which shall exceed the sum application of of twenty pounds, shall be recoverable by action of debt, bill, lines* plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, wherein no privilege, protection, wager of law,

or

692 Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 82. [1794.

or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed; and that all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, by this act imposed, which shall not exceed the sum of twenty pounds, shall, on proof upon oath of the offence, before the lord mayor or other magistrate of the said city, or any justice of the peace of the county, liberty, or place, where the offence shall be committed, be levied by distress and sale of the offender's goods and chattels, by warrant under the hand and seal of the said lord mayor, magistrate, or other justice, rendering the overplus, (if any), on demand, after deducing the charges of such distress and sale, to the peFfon whose goods and chattels shall be so distrained and fold; and for want of sufficient distress the said lord mayor, magistrate, or other justice, is hereby required, in all cases when 110 particular time of commitment is herein-before directed, to commit such offender to the county gaol where the offence shall have been committed, for any time not exceeding three months, and the money arising by all such fines, penalties, and forfeitures, the application whereof is not otherwise particularly directed by this act, shall be paid to the regimental cleric of that regiment where such offence shall have been committed, and shall be made part of the publick stock of that regiment.

Limitation of

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That if any action shall be actions. brought against any person for any thing done in pursuance of this act, such action or suit shall be commenced within six months next after the fa61 committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid in the county or place where the cause of complaint did arise, and General issue. not elsewhere; and the defendant or defendants in every such action or suit may plead the general issue, and give this act, and the special matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon; and if the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants in any such action or suit, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall be non-suited, or discontinue his or their action or suit, after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared, or if on demurrer judgment shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or Treble costs, defendants shall have treble costs, and have the like remedy for the same as any defendant hath in other cases to recover costs by law.

[Publick act.]

L. And be it further enacted, That this act shall be deemed and taken to be a publick act; and shall be judicially taken notice of as such, by all judges, justices, and other persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. LXXXII.

An act to continue an act, made in the last session of parliament, intituled An act for establishing regulations respecting aliens arriving in this kingdom, or resident therein, in certain cases.

[July 7, 1794.]

Continued to January 1, 1795.

CAP. LXXXIII.

An act to explain so much of an act, made in the twenty-eighth year of his present Majestf s reign, intituled An act for the further regulation of the trials of controverted elections, or returns of members to serve in parliament, as relates to the time of presenting certain reneiued petitions, and taking the same into consideration.

[July y, 1794.]

WHEREAS, by an aff, passed in the twenty-eighth year Preamble, of his present Majestf s reign, intituled An act for the fur-^ Geo ther regulations of the trials of controverted elections, or returns c. 52, of members to serve in parliament, it is enacted, That whenever any such felefl com?nittee of the house of commons, as is therein mentioned., shall have reported to the house their judgment respecting the right of election of members to serve in parliament for any county, city, borough, or place, or of chufengy nominating, or appointing, the returning officer or returning officers, who is or are to make return of such election, it shall be laiujul for any perfm or persons, at any time within twelve calendar months, after the day on which such report shall have been made to the house, or within fourteen days after the day of the commencement of the next session of parliament after that in which such report shall have been ? made to the house, to petition the house to be admitted as parties to oppose the right which has been deemed valid in the judgment of such committee; and that when such petition shall be so presented, a day fall be appointed by the house for taking the same into confederation, so that the [pace of forty days at the least shall always intervene between the day of prefetiting such petition and the day appointed by the house for taking the same into confederation: and whereas the said provifeon which directs that the said fepace of forty days shall intervene between the day of presenting such petition and the day appointed by the house for taking the same into confederation, hath been confe'rned to extend to petitions which are renczved in any session or feffeons of parliament, subsequent to that in which such petition vjcis orginally presented to the house, which proceeding hath been found to be inconvenient; for remedy thereof, be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of fpre-

the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That every newecfpeti-petition, so renewed as aforesaid, shall be presented to the house tions of per-within fourteen days' after the day of the commencement of any fons praying such subsequent session or sessions of parliament, and not other-^parties wife; and that whenever any such renewed petition shall be so to oppose the* presented, a day and hour at not less than fourteen days difiance, right of elec-shall be appointed by the house for taking the same into confi- tion reported deration; any thing in the said act to the contrary thereof not- tc^gCmimt' withstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any such petition shall not, from time to time, and in every session of parliament, until renewe(j the the same shall be taken into consideration, be so renewed within judgment of the time above limited for renewing the same, the judgment of committees to such committee on such question or questions shall be held and be

taken

taken to be final and conclusive in all subsequent eledHons of members of parliament for that place to which tl^e same shall relate, and to all intents and pilrposes whatsoever.

CAP. LXXXIV.

An act for erecting a penitentiary house or houses for 'confining and empolying convicts.

[July 7, 1794.]

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act, mdde in the nineteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intitul'd., An act to explain and c. y4, recited, amend the laws relating to the transportation^ imprisonment, and other punishment of certain offenders* his Majesty is enabled to appoint supervisors for building two penitentiary houses for confining and employing in hard labour, such persons convicted of transportable crimes within England or Wales, as are therein mentioned, which supervisors should fix upon any piece or pieces of ground which might be lawfully purchased under the powers of the said act, and the same being approved of to contract for the absolute purchase, in fee simple, of the piece or pieces of groundfor the purpose of erecting thereon such penitentiary housesi and other buildings and inclosures, in such manner as therein is dire 61 ed, and which ground so to be purchased should be conveyed as therein is expressed; and that if any corporations, husbands, guardians, committees4 executors, administrators* or other trujhes, or any person or persons for the time being interested in any such piece or pieces of ground, upo?2 notice to him, her, or them given, as- therein is mentioned, should, for the Jpace of twenty-one days next after such notice given, neglect or refuse to treaty or should ref use to accept such price as should be offered by the said Jupervifors, or should othe?vuife not agree for the /ale of such piece or pieces of ground, or if by absence or incapacity they should be prevented from treating for such sale, then the said supervisors should cause the value of such ground to be enquired into and ascertained by a jury of indif-, sevent men. of the county or place wherein the same should be situated y

and when such jury should have enquired of and ascertained the value of such ground, the said supervisors should thereupon order that the sum or sums of money vahich should appear to be the value of such ground should be paid and applied in manner therein dire died, which verdictt or inquisition should be final; and his Majesty is thereby authorised to nominate three gentlemen, or other creditable or substantial persons, as a committee to furperintend the said houses, and otherwise to carry the said act into execution: and whereas, in pursuance of the said act, his Majesty did, on the second day of March one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, appoint fir Gilbert Elliot baronet* fir Thomas Charles Bunbury baronet, and Thomas Bowdler do ft or of pbysick, supervisors of the buildings to be erected pursuant to the said act, and that the said supervisors having madefir ift examination of the mofi eligible fpols in the neighbourhood of London, and particularly on the banks of the river Thames, whereon to erect such penitentiary houses as aforesaid, having spent some time in that enquiry, reported to the lord chancellor, and the other persons mentioned in the said act, according to the dir eft ions of the said acts, two spots

in

S upend fors appointed under redtad ad.

1794.] Anno oregrii tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 84. 695

in the neighbourhood of each other, namely, Wandsworth Field for Spots appro>v-the penitentiary house for males, Battersea Rife^peniten- c<^?r erfcting tiary house for females, who, by their opinions on the twenty-eighth [Joufes.^7y <7^ June one thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, thought proper to r&jefl the spot in Wandsworth Field, and to approve the spot at Battersea Rife, as proper for the erecting penitentiary houses for both males and jernales: and whereas, in pursuance of the said act, the supervisors entered into a treaty with the proprietors of the said grounds, and made an offer of afum of money for the purchase thereof, \ which beings refusecL, a special jury of the county of Surrey was sum- jury impan-moned and impannelled according to the directions of the said act, upon nelled to en^ the tenth day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty -two, quire into the and being duly sworn, and charged to enquife into and ascertain the va- Yci*ue' lue of the said piece of ground, by the names and descriptions of all that piece or parcel of garde?! ground, in the occupation of Henry Brown^ Particulars of containing by adrneafurement, seven acres three roods and fix perches, the premifee* be the same more or less, and bounded on the north by lands in the occupation of Robert Mosely* and other lands in the occupation of Thomas Rhodes, and on the east, on part by a road leading out of the road from London to Wandsworth, to and from Battersea, and in other part on lands and buildings in the occupation of Robert Death, and on the south, by the turnpike road leading from London to Wandsworth aforesaid, and on the wefi, by lands in the occupation of the said Robert Mosely; and also of all that piece or parcel of garden ground in the occupation of the said Robert Mosely, containing by admeasurement, nineteen acres and eighteen perches, be the same ?nore or less, and bounded on the north by lands in the occupation of the said Thomas Rhodes, and on other part, by lands in the occupation of the said Henry Brown, on the south, on part by lands in the occupation of the said Henry Brown, and by the turnpike road leading from London to Wandsworth, and on the west, on part by the find road leading out of the said road from London to Wandsworth, to and from Battersea, and on other parts thereof, by the several gardens belonging and adjoining to four several cottages or tenements now in the several occupations tf/'William Cripps, William Bradford, William Newman, James Meredith, and Robert Jones; and also of all that other piece or parcel of garden ground in the occupation of hlizabeth Wood, containing by achneaj'urement, eighteen, acres and eight perches, be the fa?ie more or less, bounded on the north by lands in the occupation of the said Robert Moseley, on the cast by lands in the occupation of Edward Wellers and the said Thomas Rhodes, on the south by lands in the occupation of the said Robert Moseley, and on the west by the said road leading to and from Battersea; and also of all those three pieces or parcels of meadow a?id pafiure ground in the occupation of the said Edward Weliers, containing together, by admeasurement, seven acres two roods and fourteen perches, be the same more or less, bounded on the wefi in part by.lands in the occupation of the said Robert Moseley, on the north and north eafi in part by the said road leading to and from Battersea, and in other parts thereof by a common field called Brumlands, in the occupation of Fears and others, on the eafi by the said road

leading

96 Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 84. [1794.

leading to and from Battersea, on the south by lands in the occupation of the said Thomas Rhodes and Elizabeth Wood, and on thet west by lands in the occupation of the said Robert Moseley and Elizabeth Wood; and also of all those three other pieces or parcels of-meadoiv and pasture ground in the occupation of the said Thomas Rhodes, containing together by admeasurement, seven acres three roods and eleven perches, be the same more or less, bounded on the north by lands in the occupation of the said Edward Weliers, on the east by the said road leading to and from Battersea, on the south by lands in the occupation of the said Henry Brown, and on the wcjl by lands in the occupation of the said Robert Moseley and Elizabeth Wood; and also of all those four pieces or parcels of garden ground, meadow, and passure, in the occupation of the said Robert Moseley, containing together, by admeasurement, eighteen acres three roods and twenty-three perches, be the same more or less, bounded on the south by lands in the occupation of the said Elizabeth Wood, on the west and north by the said road leading to and from Battersea near York Place, and on the east by lands in the occupation of Ann West widow, and the said Edward Wellers; all which said several pieces or parcels of garden ground, meadow, and passure, adjoin to each other, and do contain in the whole, by admeasurement, seventy-nine acres and one rood, and are situate, lyings and being, in the par ifo of Battersea aforesaid, in the said county of Surrey, and of all houses, outhouses, ways, paths, passages, timber trees, woods, underwoods, waters, watercourses, and all Verdict of the other rights, members, and appurtenances, thereunto belonging; af-jury. sessed the value of the same at the sum of six thousand six hundred

pounds, which verdict and assessment notv remains of record: and tvhercas penitentiary houses for England and Wales have not been ere fled in pursuance of the said recited act, and it will be of great publick utility that a penitentiary house or penitentiary houses should be built for the particular purpose of confining transportable and other convicts within the same: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parlia- T re a fury may nient assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall fix upon and maybe lawful to and for the said lord high treasurer-, or com-tnnft forereG rnifiioners of the treasury for the time being, and he and they is ing peniten- or are hereby required, as soon after the passing of this act as tiary houses, conveniently may be, to fix upon the said piece or pieces of fee to\reat" groun<^ herein-before described, or upon any other convenient for the and proper spot of ground, which may be lawfully purchased

ground, dec. under the powers of this act, and which shall "be situated within any of the respective counties in the said act mentioned, upon which shall be erected one or more penitentiary house or houses, for the purpose of confining and employing in hard labour such convicts as shall be removed thither by order of his Majesty, his heirs or successors, under the powers herein-mentioned; and to contract and agree with any person or persons for the erecting and building one or more penitentiary house or houses on the said piece or pieces of ground before described, or upon such other

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. $4: 697

piece of ground as shall be appropriated for that purpose, in such manner, and under and for such confederations, terms, conditions* powers, limitations, and restrictions, as the said lord high treasurer, or of of the treasury, shall deem necessary and expedient; and shall cause to be inserted in such contract or contracts such lawful clauses* covenants, and agreements, as shall be requisite to enforce the execution of the same accordingly, and within a time to be therein limited; and may also, if he of they shall think fit, appoint a proper person or persons to Superintend the ereblion of such house or houses, and the clue performance of such contractor contracts as shall be entered into touching the same, with such powers as the said lord high treasurer, or of of the treasury, shall judge proper; and the said lord high treasurer, or of of the treasury, shall also appoint a feoffee or feoffees to treat for the absolute purchase in fee simple, and to accept a conveyance of such piece or pieces of ground whereon the said penitentiary house or houses shall be intended to be built, and from time to time, to appoint others in the Head of those who shall die or resign; and that when and so soon as such piece or pieces of ground shall be fixed upon and approved by the said lord high treasurer, or of of the treasury, and such feoffee or feoffees shall be appointed, the inheritance in fee Ample of such piece or pieces of ground, with the appurtenances, shall be veiled in, and shall be conveyed and assured to such feoffee or feoffees, to the use of such feoffee or feoffees, and his or their successors for ever; and Feoffees to he, the said feoffee or feoffees for the time being is and are hereby a corporation, made and declared to be a corporation foie, or a corporation ag- &c-gregate, as the case shall happen to be, for the special purpose of being capable to take and hold in perpetual succession such piece or pieces of ground, with all buildings and erections thereon, and other the appurtenances thereunto belonging, or to belong, for the use and purposes of this act; and shall and may sue and be sued by the name of The Feoffee or Feoffees) of the Penitentiary House (or Penitentiary Houses) in the parish cf in the

county of [as the case may be], he or they paying to

the several persons interested therein such firm and (urns of money as by this act is directed to paid for the same.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That a copy Copies of con-, of such contract or contracts, as shall be entered into in purfu- trails to be ance of this act, shall be laid before both houses of parliament within thirty days after executing the same, if parliament fftall^'*be then fitting, and if parliament shall not be then futing, within fourteen days after the fir Pc meeting of parliament next ensuing, and all expences attending the execution of this act shall be defrayed in such n % nner as shall and may be agreed upon and expressed in such contract or contrails; or in case the same shall not be so agreed upon, then the same, or such part thereof as shall be necessary, shall be defrayed by the lord high treasurer, or of of the treasury for the lime 'being, and in such case shall be laid before, and annually provided for by parliament, or other wise as parliament shall direct.

His Majesty may appoint governors of penitentiary houses.

Corporations, <Scc. may convey land.

Purchase money to be paid into the bank, and laid out in other purchases, &c.

Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 84. [1794.

III. And be it further enacted, That when the said penitentiary house or houses shall be erected in pursuance of, and according to, such contract or contracts as aforesaid, or sooner, if occasion shall require, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his heirs and successors, from time to time, by an order, in writing, to be notified by the principal secretary of state for the home department, to appoint one or more fit and discreet person or persons to be governor or governors of the said penitentiary house or houses, to continue in such office or offices respectively, for such time, and under such conditions, as his Majesty shall direct, whUy being so appointed thereunto, shall have the care, management, superintendance, and controul of the same, and of all and every offender and offenders who shall be delivered unto his or their custody, by the direction of his Majesty, his heirs or successors, under such powers, directions, limitations, and restrifilions, as are contained in an act, made in the twenty-fourth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for the effectual transportation of felons and other offenders, and to authorise the removal of prisoners in certain cases, and for other purposes therein ?nentionedy or under such other directions, limitations, and restrictions, as his Majesty shall, under the powers of the said act, from time to time, appoint.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for all corportions aggregate or foie, ecclesiastical, civil, or -eleemosynary, husbands, guardians, committees, executors, and all trustees, not only on behalf of themselves, but also on behalf of their cestuique trusts, whether infants or issue unborn, lunatic'ks, idiots, femes covert, or other person or persons under any disability whatsoever, and also for all other persons who are or shall be seised or possessed of, and interested in, such piece or pieces of ground, or any part thereof, on which the said penitentiary house or penitentiary houses shall be to be ereCfed in pursuance of this act, to convey and assure such piece or pieces, of ground, with the appurtenances, unto such person or persons as shall be appointed feoffee or feoffees of the said penitentiary house or houses to be ereCled according to the direfilions. of this afif; and all such sales, conveyances, and assurances., shall be binding and effectual in the law, to all intents and purposes whatsoever; any laws, statutes, usage, or custom, to the contrary notwithstanding; and all corporations and persons so conveying and assuring, are hereby indemnified for what they shall respectively so do by virtue of this act.

V. And be it farther enacted, That the purchase money for such piece or pieces of ground to be paid in pursuance of this act, and also the compeufation to be made to any tithe owner or owners in respect thereof, shall be paid by such person or persons as shall be appointed feoffee or feoffees as aforesaid, into the bank of England, with the privity of the accountant general of his said Majesty's high court of chancery, to the credit of the several vendors of such piece or pieces of ground, or persons interested therein; and the said several vendors and other persons interested as

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. S4. 699

aforesaid shall, as soon as conveniently may be, lay out such purchase money and compensation respectively in the purchase of other lands, tenements, or hereditaments, in fee Ample, to be conveyed to such uses, and to and for such person and persons, and for such effate and estates, and to, for, upon, and subject to, such uses, trulls, limitations, remainders, and contingencies, as the lands or grounds for or id respect whereof such purchase money shall be paid as aforesaid, shall be limited, settled, and assured, at the time such conveyance and assurance shall be marie in manner aforesaid, or such as shall be then capable of taking effect $ the charges of such conveyances and settlements to be paid in the same manner as the expence of building on such ground; and in the mean time, until such purchase or purchases shall be made, such money shall be laid out by such corporations or other persons for the time being intercfied therein, in some government securiti.es, in the names of two persons, one to be nominated by the party or parties for the time being interested therein, and the other by the feoffee or feoffees aforesaid, and the interest arising from such securities shall be paid to such person or persons respectively as would have been entitled to the rents and profits of such piece or pieces of ground or tithes in case such ground had not been fold, or would for the time being be entitled to the rents and profits of such lands, tenements, or hereditaments, so to be purchased, in case the lame were purchased and settled as aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted, That, previous to the erecting If the ground

and building any penitentiary house or penitentiary houses, in case before men-

the same shall be intended to be built on the said piece or pieces t?0, '*eci

1 1 enervated

of ground herein-before described and situate within the parish of in value' a

Battersea aforesaid, and the owners or proprietors interested in further sum such piece or pieces of ground, or any of them, shall be dissatisfied roay he pud with the price at v/hich the same was estimated and a fie lied in pursuance of the said recited act as aforesaid, and shall give notice in writing to the feoffee or feoffees appointed by virtue of this act, within one calendar month after notice given that the said piece or pieces of ground hath or have been fixed upon as hereinbefore mentioned, that the said piece of ground hath encreased in value since the assessment thereof was made by virtue of the said recited act, it shall and may be lawful to and for such feoffee or feoffees to pay into the find bank of England, with such'privity as aforesaid, such further sum of money as shall be agreed upon in that behalf'; or in case no such agreement shall be made, then to pay into' the said bank of England such sum of money as such feoffee or feoffees shall think a fit and reasonable price to be given for such increase in value; and that in like manner, in case any ff other land other piece or pieces of ground shall be appropriated in pursuance diould be of this act for the purpose of erecting such penitentiary house or e-

houses thereon, it shall and may be lawful to and for such feoffee pay to the and feoffees to pay into the bank of England, with such privity bank the as aforesaid, the price agreed upon to be paid for the lame, or, in price agreed, default of such agreement, to pay into the said bank of England

700 Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 84. [1794.

such sum of money as such feoffee or feoffees shall think a fit and reasonable price to be paid for the same; and in each case the said feoffee or feoffees shall also make or tender such compensation, recompence, or satisfaction, in money, or otherwise, to the tithe owner or owners, and also to the several occupiers who shall be tenants for life or lives or for terms of years, or tenants from year to year, or at will, of such piece or pieces of ground on which the said penitentiary house or penitentiary houses are so intended to be erected as aforesaid, or any part thereof, in respect of their several rights and interests of and in the said premises respectively, as such feoffee or feoffees shall in his or their discretion think fit, which compensation shall be made to them respectively, over and above the price to be paid to the owners and proprietors In case of dif- as aforesaid; and that if the owners or proprietors aforesaid shall vahaeTo^e n0t aSree with t^le ^id feffee or feoffees for such price as afore-ascertained by or not> within the period of twenty-one days after no-

ajury.; tice in writing of such payment, agree to accept such price as shall be paid into the bank of England by the said feoffee or feoffees, or if any such tithe owner or owners, tenants for years, or tenants from year to year, or at will, upon notice to him, her, or them, given or left in writing at the house or houses or other place or places of abode of such persons respectively, or fixed on lbme conspicuous place on the premises to be conveyed, which shall be in his, her, or their respective occupations, or on the parish church where the same premises shall be situate, shall, for the space of twenty-one days next after such notice given, left, or fixed, neglect or refuse to accept such price as shall be offered by the said feoffee or feoffees for their respective rights and intereffs in such premises, then, and in such cases respectively, the said feoffee or feoffees shall cause the values of all such rights and interests in respect whereof any such controversy or difp; -.e shall have arisen to be respectively inquired into and ascertained by a jury or juries of indifferent men in the county in which such lands shall be situate; and to that end shall furnmon and call before such jury or juries, and examine upon oath (which oath such feoffee, or any one or more of such feoffees, is and are hereby empowered to administer) any person or persons whomsoever; and such feoffee or feoffees shall, by ordering a view or otherwise, nfe all ways and means for the information of such jury or juries in the premises; and when such jury or juries shall have enquired of and ascertained the several matters aforesaid, the said feoffee or feoffees shall thereupon pay, in manner herein directed, the respective sums of money winch shall so appear to be payable, as well to such owners or proprietors of such lands or tithes in respect of such value, or increase in value as aforesaid, as to such occupiers or tenants in respect of their intereffs in the premises; which sums of money due and payable to the occupiers or tenants respectively shall be paid to such occupiers or tenants respectively* Verdicts to be or their respective executors, administrators, or assigns; and which filed and to be verdicts or inquisitions shall be respectively filed of record by the final, clerk of the peace of the county wherein the lands so to be ap-

pro-

Recompsnce to be made to tithe owners, and tenants for life, &c.

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 84. 701

propriated shall be situate, and shall be final and conclusive to all intents and purposes whatsoever against all and every the said owners or proprietors, and occupiers and tenants respectively, their respective heirs, successors, executors, administrators, and assigns, and all and every other person or persons whomsoever.

VII. And for summoning and returning such juries, be it fur- Feoffees may ther enabled, That such feoffee or feoffees may issue their warrant ^ntsYo^he or warrants to the sheriff of the county wherein such lands shall fjierjfpto re. be situate, requiring him to impannel, summon, and return, an turn juries* indifferent jury or indifferent juries, each confiding of twenty- See. four persons qualified to serve upon juries, to appear before the said feoffee or feoffees, at such time and place as in such warrant or warrants shall be appointed; and the said sheriff, or his deputy or deputies, is and are hereby required to impannel, summon, and return, such number of persons accordingly, and out of the persons so summoned, impannelled, and returned, or out of such of them as shall appear upon such summons, the said feoffee or feoffees shall, and they are hereby empowered and required to draw by bailot, and to swear, or cause to be sworn, twelve men upon each fych jury; and in default of a sufficient number of jurymen so returned, the said sheriff or his deputy or deputies, shall take such other honeff and indifferent men of the bye-danders, or that can speedily be procured to attend that service, to make up the number of twelve upon each such jury; and all persons concerned shall have their lawful challenges against: any of the said jurymen when they come to be sworn; and the said feoffee or feoffees shall have power, from and mayim-time to time, to impose and levy, by distress and sale of the goods P0^e^or and chattels of every offender, by warrant under his or their hands neg e9c* or seals, a fine or fines upon such sheriff, or his deputy or deputies making default in the premises, and on any of the persons who shall be summoned and returned on such jury or juries, and who shall not appear, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn, or being sworn, shall refuse to give, or shall not give a verdict, or shall in any other manner wilfully neglect his or their duty therein, and also on any persons who, being summoned and required to give evidence before the said jury or juries, shall refuse or neglect to appear, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn or to give evidence, so that no i such fine be more than ten pounds, nor less than twenty shillings, on any one person for one offence.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any such jury By whom ex. shall give in and deliver a verdict for more money as the amount Pences of such value or increase in value as aforesaid, than what shall have been paid into the bank of England, for the use of the said owners or proprietors, or shall give in and deliver a verdict for more money as the values of the right and interest of such tithe owners, occupiers, or tenants respectively, in the said ground and premises, than what shall have been offered for the purchase thereof, the costs and expences of summoning and maintaining the jury and witnesses shall in each case in which such greater sum of money shall be given in by such jury, be borne

On payment of purchase money, $: c. ground may be entered, upon.

and paid by the said feoffee or feoffees; but if such jury shall in euhcr or both of the said cases give in and deliver a verdict* or verdicts respectively, for no more or for less money than the money which shall have been respectively paid in or offered by such feoffee or feoffees, then the costs and expences attending such verdict or verdicts, wherein no more or less money shall be given in than as aforesaid, together with the costs of the witnesses respectively summoned therein, shall be borne and paid by the respective persons who gave occasion to such controversy or dispute in which such verdict or verdicts, for such smaller sum or sums of money, was or were given in as aforesaid.

IX. And be it further enacted, That upon payment of the money so ordered to be paid as a compensation or recompence to such occupiers, being tenants for terms of years, or tenants from year to year, or at will respectively, for his and their right and interest, or rights and interests, in the said ground and premises, or upon refusal to receive the same, leaving the same in the hands of the clerk of the peace of the county wherein the premises shall be situate, for the use of the persons or parties entitled thereto, and upon payment into the said bank of England of the money by the said feoffee or feoffees for the purchase of the fee ftmpie and inheritance of the said piece or pieces of ground, or such price in respect thereof as shall be assessed by such jury or juries by virtue of this act, to and for the use of the persons or parties entitled thereto, it shall be lawful for the said feoffee or feoffees, his or their workmen or agents, to enter upon and take possession of the said piece or pieces of ground, and every part thereof, for the uses and purposes of this act; and thereupon all such persons and parties as aforesaid, owners, occupiers, and tenants respectively, shall be divested of all right and title, pof-

session and claim, of or to the said piece or pieces of ground, and every part thereof.

end\o

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing hoiiies &c. in a^c confined shall extend to compel the sale of any ground

with a house or other building bona fide intended for the purposes of habitation upon it, or of any park, paddock, orchard, or other ground, inclosed for the immediate convenience of any house or of the offices belonging thereto, or any ground improved as pleasure ground, or planted with wood, or any inclosed ground immediately adjoining to any house, park, paddock, garden, orchard, yard, or pleasure ground, and occupied therewith, or any ground between any house and any park, paddock, yard, offices, garden, orchard, or pleasure grouud, belonging to such house and occupied therewith.

Limitation of

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any action or suit shall Actions. be brought or commenced against any person or persons for any thing done in pursuance of this act, every such action or suit shall be broughtor commenced within six calendar months next after the fact committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid and tried in the county oMiddlefiex, and not elsewhere; and the defendant or defendants in such action or suit shall and may plead

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 85* 7.?

the general issue, and give this act, and the special matter In General issue4 evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the authority of this act; and if it shall appear to have been so done, or if any such action or suit shall be brought after the time so limited for bringing the same, or in any other county or place than as aforesaid, then, and in every such case, the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants, or if the plaintiff* or plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or suffer a discontinuance of his, her, or their action or suit, after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared, or, if a verdict shall pass against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, or if upon demurrer, or otherwise, judgment shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall have treble costs, and shall have Treble costs, such security for the same as any defendant hath for costs of suit in other cases by law.

CAP. LXXXV.

An act to remove certain difficulties in the execution of the powers vested in the of appointed by two acts, passed in the thirteenth year of the reign of Queen Anne, and in the eleventh year of the rc-igiv of King George the First, for making the river Nine or Nen, running from Northampon to Peterborough, navigable, so far as the same relate

to the navigation between Peterborough and Thrapston Bridge.--

[April 17, 1794.]

Recites private ad 13 Anne, No. 7. and 11 Geo. 1. c. 19. Nine of may execute this and former acts. Former acts to be carried into execution, except where altered by this adr Meetings of of Occasional meetings by five of on 14 days notice. Commissioners to examine witnesses on oath. Commissioners may appoint a clerk and overseers. The clerk to be paid by the proprietors of the navigation. Overseers to keep accounts, and be paid by the proprietors of the navigation. Recovery of the money from proprietors. Proprietors to acquaint the clerk of their agents. Commissioners may direct the haling ways to be widened. Overseers to insped the navigation, and ascertain the width of ground necessary for haling ways, and notify the same to the proprietors of the navigation. Commissioners to take returns into consideration, and make orders therein, which being served upon the proprietors, shall be binding. After making the orders, proprietors to make haling ways. Commissioners to examine into the value of lands for haling ways. If proprietors of navigation or land owners are dissatisfied with of determination, $ jury may be summoned. If persons refute to treat, value to be ascertained by a jury. Jurors and witnesses to be paid* Persons requiring a jury to give bond to prosecute. Twenty pounds penalty on ffieriffs, and five pounds on jurymen and witnesses making default. Recovery of rents. Haling ways to be enlarged where worn down. Haling ways to be marked out. Arches, tunnels, &c. to be made by proprietors. If haling ways are above the proper level, drains to be made through the same. If proprietors neglect: to keep the same in repair, land owners may repair by order of the of, and expence to be paid by the proprietors. Land owners may erect gates, &c. When locks, Sec. want repairs, proprietors, before they begin, to give notice to tha overseer. Navigation proprietors to repair injuries to bridges, and to remove gravel, Sec. from the bed of the river. Commissioners to make enquiry into any neglect complained of by land owners. Low Ihots not to be raised higher than usual. No fialh boards to be put on low Ihots under penalty of 20l. Overseers to examine low Ihots. Low Ihots may be widened. Commissioners to have like powers over adjoining streams, &c. as commissioners of sewers. When works want repair so as to flop navigation, 40 days notice to be given in the newspapers. The water may be

74

Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 86. [1794.

[Publick act.]

[Treble costs.]

diverted from mill jflreams for building or repairing any mill. Persons having the care of boats not to trespass upon the adjoining lands. Mailers or owners of bpats answerable for damages by their servants. Commissioners may alter or repeal bye Jaws. Persons aggrieved by irregularity in distress to recover only the special damage. Appeal. Limitation of actions. General iffiic.

CAP. LXXXVI.

An act for making and maintaining a navigable canal, with certain rail ways, and ftohe roads, from several colheries, in the county of Somerset, to communicate with the intended Kennet and Avon canal, in the pirifli of Bradford, in the county of Wilts.

[April 17, 1794.]

Proprietors incorporated by the name of "The Company of Proprietors of the Somersetshire Coal Canal Navigation.'5 Company not to be compelled '* to make rail roads, until security be given to produce a certain tonnage, Sec. When rail roads are made to accommodate coal works, one third of the expence thereof, in case cf failure of tonnage, to be settled by the of Persons opening new coal works, may make rail roads, which are to be paid for by the company, when the same shall produce a sufficient tonnage. Power to make tunnels to coal works instead of rail roads. Power to make inclined planes, Sec. Houses, &c. not to be taken or injured, except such as are named in the schedule to the act. Plan and book of reference to remain with the clerks of the peace for the counties of Somerset and Wilts. Power to deviate one hundred yards from the line of the canal. Power to deviate the line near Mitford bridge, 'Not to vary the line of the canal through the lands of hr Hugh Smith baronet, at Foxcote, H. W. Portman esq; John Smith esq; and the Rev. Francis Me rewether, without content. Restrictions as to the tunnel to be made through tire last mentioned lands. Land owners omitted in the book of reference through mistake not to obstruct. Width of the canal and towing paths to be 30 yards. When roads are injured' others to be made. Bodies politick, &c. empowered to sell and convey lands. Commissioners to determine the recompence for lands and damages, and if parties are dissatisfied, a jury may be summoned. Meeting of commissioners to be publick, and fourteen days notice to be given thereof. General meeting of*ommissioners how to be called. Meeting of of may be called notwithstanding the adjournment of a general meeting. Meetings for determining disputes to be held at Bath, or within eight miles of the place where the dispute shall arise. 20I penalty on fieri Its, and 5l. on jurymen making default. Expence cf of and jury how to be paid. Three months notice of injury to be"given to the company before complaint made to the of Proceedings of of to be entered in a book, and a clerk appointed. On payment of purchase money, or giving security for annual rent, the company may enter lands, and proceed with their works. Determinations of corn mifloners, and verdicts of juries, to be recorded. Satisfaction to be made for tithes. Purchase money belonging to corporations, &c. to be laid but in other lands, and settled to the same uses. Commissioners may settle the proportion of purchase' money. The company may pay purchase money to mortgagees if required. Monies a felled for damages howto be recovered. Annual rents to be paid for lands, are to be charged on the rates and tolls. Coals, 'See. found in digging the canal to be laid upon the land adjoining for the benefit of owners, unless wanted by the company. If mines near the canal are worked contrary to the act, the company may enter and secure the canal at the expence of the owner of the mine. Millers to put up or down, doughs or sluices when required by the company. Company1' compelled to purchase mills that may be injured, or to alter and improve the same. Towing paths, Sec. to be fenced off from adjoining lands, and bridges to be erected by the company. Company to secure a sufficient supply of water to dwelling houses, and for watering cattle. In case of failure to fence off towing p'ths, and make bridges, Sec. owners of lands may do ft at the company's expence. Owners or occupiers may erebt bridges,

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 86.

See. at their own expence, if not satisfied with thcrfe erected by the company. Owners of lands may make side cuts through their own lands. The company to make and cleanse drains, and to convey water from adjoining lands. Company may cleanse adjoining ditches and drains at the expence of owners if neglected by them. Company to repair damages done by floods. Proprietors to have water raised by (team engines. Power to take water out of canal for working steam engines. Regulation with respect to water at Camerton, See. Company retrained from diverting water to the injury of wheels or steam engines. Restriction for security of owners of mills, water wheels and steam engines. Engineers to be appointed for fixing gauges. Canal to be so made as to communicate with the Kennet and Avon canal on a dead level. Proprietors may raise 8o, ooook at iool. a share, and to be divided into 800 shares, and deemed personal estate. Names of proprietors, and the numbers of their shares to be entered in a book, and tickets with the same numbers delivered to them. Subscribers to be deemed proprietors, and have a vote for every share. Votes may be given by proxy. Questions to be decided by a majority of votes, and the chairman to have the calling vote. Five pounds per cent, per annum interest to be paid until the canal is completed. Company may borrow on mortgage 40, 000k more if necessary. Mortgages may be transferred. Mortgages may be redeemed or called in upon six months notice-. Interest of mortgages to be paid before dividends. First general assembly of proprietors to be held at Bath on June 3, 1794, and the first WednTday in June and December yearly, and a committee to be chosen. Officers to be appointed. General assemblies may audit and settle accounts, and treasurers accounts to be settled every three months. General assemblies or committees may make calls. General assembly may remove committee men and make bye laws. General assembly not to choose committee, unless there are present 400 and 10 votes. Committee to manage the navigation, and no business to be done at any meeting of committee iinless five members present. Committee of management may appoint a sub-committee. Special assemblies may be called. Committees subject to the controul of the assemblies. Proprietors to pay their shares or the money called for at the time and place appointed, or in default, to be recovered by action. Shares not to be forfeited without notice. Shares may be sold. Clerk of the company to keep an account of the names and proceedings of proprietors, and proprietors may inspect the same. Rates of tonnage. For all coal, culm, and coak conveyed upon the canal, ad. aq. per ton per mile. For all iron (tone, iron ore, lead ore, calamine, and other minerals, iron, lead, and cinders, conveyed upon the canal or rail ways, &c. 4-d. per ton per mile. For all lime, lime (tone, freestone, tiles, (late, gravel, bricks, timber, (tones, clay and sand, 3d. per ton per mile. For all cattle, sheep, &c. 4d. per ton per mile., And for all other goods, wares, &c. 4d. per ton per mile. Canal and vail ways to be measured, and (tones set up every half mile. Exemption from-tonnage for coals and coak passing on rail ways. Company empowered to take tolls for horses and cattle passing on rail ways, except such as are going from field to field. For every horse, mare, &c. id. For all cows or cattle, aq. And for all sheep, swine, and calyes, 3d. per score. Tolls payable but once a day. Five pounds per cent, of the clear profits to be inverted in government securities as a fund for repairs until the same shall amount to 1000l. Tonnage on coals, when more then iol. per cent, is cleared, to be reduced from 2d. aq. per ton per mile to ad. Further allowance for goods remaining upon wharfs above 14 days. Company to fix the price of carriage of parcels not exceeding 500 pounds weight. Rates and tolls how to be recovered. Company to be rated for lands in proportion as adjoining lands. Matters of boats, See. to give an account of the lading to the collectors. In case of difference about the weight of goods, collectors may stop and weigh them. Navigation and rail ways to be free on payment of rates and tolls. Company may vary the rates and tolls. Company empowered to lease the rates and tolls. The names of the owners of boats and carriages to be painted on the outside. Boats may be gauged when required. Owners of boats an-fvVerable.for damages done by their servants. No carriages to pass on

Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 87. [1794.

[Publick act.]

[Treble costs.]

[General issue.]

rail ways, or boats on the canal, unless constructed as directed by the company. Places to be made for boats to turn and pals each other. Regulations for boats passing locks..ock keepers not to give undue preference to boats. Boats not to pals locks without paying for 20 tons burthen. Boats obstructing the navigation to be removed, and boats sunk to be weighed up. Five pounds penalty on persons taking in or unloading goods unless at a publick wharf, or leaving fvvivel or draw bridges open, or obstructing the navigation, or throwing ballast or rubbish into the canal, or opening locks, &c. Persons wilfully damaging the canal may be punifiled as felons, or pay treble the value of the damage done. Owners of mines, ironworks, &c. (except coal) may make rail ways, if the company refuse, on any lands with consent of the owner. Persons delirous of a rail way or carriage way, may agree for the same with the company. Lords of manors, and land owners may ered wharfs on their lands, and if they refuse, on twelve months notice, the company may ered the tame. Regulations respecting private wharfs. Majority of proprietors may apply to parliament to extend or vary the line. Rights of fishery reserved to lords of manors, &c. To compel payment of subscriptions. Owners and occupiers or lands may ule pleasure and husbandry boats free of rates. Proprietors to appoint an agent on whom writs, &c. may be served. Appeals. Limitation of actions.

CAP. LXXXVII.

An act for extending and improving the Birmingham canal navigations.

Acts 8 Geo. 3. c. 38.9 Geo. 3. c. 53. 23 Geo. 3. c. 93. and 24 Geo. 3. lelT. 3. c. 4. recited. Not to take down houses, &c.

[Publick act.]

without consent of owners. The name of the company to be changed to u The Company of Proprietors of the Birmingham Canal Navigations."' Appointing of to settle disputes between the company and land owners, respecting lands to be taken for this canal and cuts. Canal to be made pursuant to plans and books of reference. Not to deviate from the line laid down on the plans. No water to be taken from certain springs, brooks, &c. Rates of tonnage. For coal, coak, lime stone, iron stone, and other minerals navigated upon- the intended canal, between the junction at Broadwater and the termination at Wal-lall, 3d. a ton. For goods, wares, and lime, id. 2q, per ton. For coal, corik, lime, goods, wares, and all things navigated upon the intended canal, from Bloomfield to Deepheld, the same rates (according to distance) as are by the recited acts authorised to be taken. Rates may be reduced. For making recompence for tithes. Company's lands to be rated in proportion to lands adjoining. Expences of this act to be paid by the company. For making cuts to communicate with the canals. The canal from Broadwaters to Walsall to be made within three years from puling this act. The company to receive id. per ton for all goods, &c. navigated upon the intended canal from Broadwaters to Walsall, and to reimburse to the subscribers the expence attending an application to par-3lament for making the canal from Broadwaters to Walsall. Company to keep separate accounts of the additional tonnage. For regulating tonnages on merchandize passing from the Dudley canal into the Birmingham canal at Tipton. Company empowered to borrow 45, 000k on the credit or all their canals. Company to affix their common seal to any petition to parliament. For appointing a treasurer to receive the money paid under 23 Geo. 3. c. 93. for making a canal on the lower level. Subscribers may nominate a committee to pay debts, and to distribute the i eft of the money. The committee may fell the money so secured, to be paid to them by the did ad, if they think proper. The treasurer to ac-4: cu'nt with the committee.

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 38, 89. CAP. LXXXVIII.

An act for taking down and rebuilding the parish church of Saint Aik-mond, in the town of Shrewsbury, in the county of Salop.

[April 17,

1794.]

Trustees appointed. First meeting of trustees to be at Shrewsbury, within one month after passing this act. Trustees at meetings to pay their own expences. Proceedings to be entered in a book. Trustees ill all lue, and be sued, in the name of their clerk. Trustees to appoint a treasurer, clerk, &c. and may allow them Hilaries. The present church to be taken down, and a new one built on the same feite. Trustees may make contracts for buildings, Sec. in writing, and the church to be completed in three years. Rights of the vicar, and rights of presentation, preserved.

Church vested in trustees until purposes of the ad completed. Pews to be allotted for the mayor and corporation of Shrewsbury, the vicar, churchwardens, and overseers, and the lay impropriators of the tithes, and Thomas Jones, esquire. Owner of two freehold pews, and all other pews, to be let by auction. Owners of freehold feats to pay for building them, or forfeit their feats. Monuments, &c. to be taken down. Mural monuments only to be placed in the new church. No burials in the new church. Rents, &c. of property belonging to the church, and rates and duties for burials, Sec. to be applied to the use of the church. Lay impropriators, and vicar, to pay four hundred pounds in lieu of their tithes being rated. A rate, not exceeding one {billing and sixpence in the pound, to make good deficiencies. Tenants to pay rates. Trustees authorised to make an afitflment on houses, See. not rated to the poor. Payment of bates not to entitle any person to a settlement. Churchwardens, and over-'seers of the poor, to account, and pay the money in their hands, to the trustees. Trustees may borrow three thousand pounds. Mortgagees, giving notice, to have their money, and not receiving it, shall have five pounds per cent. Trustees may compound for penalties contained in any contract. Money advanced, for the passing of this act, to be repud with interest. Divine service to be performed in the churches of Saint Chadd,

[Publick act.]

[Treble costs.]

[General issue.]

Saint Mary, Saint Julian, and Holy Cross, Shrewsbury, until the new church is completed. After church completed, tithes to be di [charged from repair. Saving ecclesiastical rights, Scc. General appeal. Limitation of actions.

CAP. LXXXIX.

An act for paving the footways in the town of Abingdon, in the county of Berks; for better cleansing, lighting, and watching the streets. lanes, passages, and places, in the said town; for removing and preventing encroachments, obstructions, nuisances, and annoyances therein; and forotherwise improving the said town.

[April 17, 1794.]

Commissioners names. Suits may be brought in the name of the treasurer,

Ac. and inhabitants may be witnesses. Firstmeeting of commissioners on May 7, 1794. Commissioners to pay their own expences. Chairman to be appointed, who is to have a calling vote. Manner- of revoking orders. Proceedings to be entered in a book. Commissioners may appoint officers, who are to give security, and account. Treasurer to pals his accounts once a year. Rates. Houses, from five to ten pounds a year rent, to pay sixpence in the pound, and all above, one [hilling in the pound. Exemptions. No premises of less value than five pounds a year to be charged. Landlord to be charged for houses Jet in separate apartments. Houses to be assessed according to the poor's rate. Rates to be allowed and ligned by the of Collectors of rates to be appointed. Mode of recovering rates. Rates to be apportioned between occupiers, on a change of possession. Commissioners may borrow two thousand pounds, and mortgage the rates. Lamps, pavements, Sec. vested in of.

Power to take up foot pavements, and to pave footways, &c. Ten find-

lings

Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 9-0. [1794.

Bugs penalty for obfcructing the surveyor or workmen. Form of the pavement not to be altered without the consent of of Commis-iSoiiers may make contra As for paving, Sec. Obligations by custom or prescription to repair footways abolished. Lamp irons to be fixed, &c. Foot paths to be daily swept by inhabitants. Scavenger once a week to take away ashes, &c. and clean the streets. No person to carry away ashes, See, but the icavenger. Reserving a right to the inhabitants to* dcfpose of their aides, Sec. Commissioners may compound with inhabitants for sweeping before houses. Five shillings penalty for driving waggons cm footways, or leaving carriages in the streets, &c. Privies to be emptied between eleven o'clock at night and four in the morning. For removing annoyances. No bulk, &c. to be made within one foot of the pavement. Power to make or alter gutters, See. For protection of footways- dtiring fairs and markets. Commissioners not to alter the places Tiled fesr fairs or markets. Power to purchase buildings for widening* ftireets. Expences of taking up pavement, to repair water pipes, Sec. to be reknbursed. Watchmen may be appointed. Appeal. Mode of recovering penalties, Sec. Penalties to be sued for in three months. Limitation of actions. General issue. Double costs. Saving the rights of the corporation of Abingdon, and others, to prevent nuisances* Publick

CAP. XC.

An act for making a navigable canal from the river Kennet, at or near the town of Newbury, in the county of Berks, to the river Avon, at or near the city of Bath 5 and also certain navigable cuts therein described.

[April 17, 1794 ]

Proprietor's names. Incorporated by tile name of u The Company of Proprietors of the Kennet and Avon Canal Navigation." Company to make canal. Power to make inclined planes, Sec. No reservoir or engine to be made below Great Bedwin. Restribtion as to Mrs. Popham's and Mrs. Shaw's land's, and getting stone in Mr. A lion's lands. Houses, gardens, Sec. not to be injured. No water to be taken from certain brooks. Marnier of carrying off the waste water at the head level. Water secured to Mrs. Popham's lands. Manner of ascertaining the quantity of water to he taken from Oakhill mill stream. Restriction as to the water of the Kennet. The canal to cross the river Kennet. Reservoir to be made for imp plying. Devices'. Plans and books of reference to remain with clerks of the peace. Louvfe of the canal in lord Craven's lands. Course of the canal in the lands of Mrs. Shaw, Mr. Craven, Mrs. Popham, Saint John's College, Cambridge, Mr. Pkrrepont, and Mr. Allen. The compensation for lands and damages in Mr. Allen's estate to be ascertained by Mr. Woodcock. Company to erect a dwelling house, See. at Bath Easton Mill, before they cut through Mr. Bishop's lands. Nothing to be done in the lands of Oriel College without consent. Course of the towing path in Bath Hampton, Bath wick, and Lineombe. Protection of Lady Bath's wharf. Canal and towing path to be thirty yards wide. Where roads are injured, others to be made. Small pieces of land cut off to be pnreha-fed by the company if required. Bodies politick, Sec. empowered to sell and convey lands for the canal. Commissioners appointed for settling differences. Meetings of commissioners to be publick, and fourteen days notice to be given thereof. General meetings of of how to be called. Meetings of commissioners to be held within ten miles of the place in dispute. Commissioners to determine what money or annual rent the company shall pay for the purchase of lands, and what sums they shall pay for damages. If the parties refute to submit to determination of commis-Soners, a jury may be summoned. Purchase money and damages may be ascertained by a trial at law. Lands may be entered before trial had. Ex peaces of of and jury, by whom to be borne. Notice of injury or damage to be given to the company before complaint made to the of What satisfaction to be made for tithes. Proceedings of of to be entered in a book, and a clerk appointed. On payment of purchase money, the company may enter and proceed with their works. Determinations of of, and verdids of juries, 'to

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 90.

be recorded. Purchase money to be laid out in other lands, and settled! to the same uses. Commissioners to settle proportions of purchase mojaegr where different interests. Money to be paid lor damages, how to be recovered. Annual rents to be paid for lands charged on tire rates. Millers to put up or down doughs when required by the company. Mills injured iby the navigation to be purchased by the company, if so required by the owners. Protection of the mills on the river Avon. Amount of purchase money and damages may be referred to arbitrators. Amount of purchase money and damages in the parishes of Burbage, and Saint John the Bap-lift, in Devizes, may be referred to Mr. Davis of Longleate. Canal to -be made in Mrs. Wroughton's efcate as directed by Thomas Stanley, esquir.e. Land of Mr. Bythefea to be taken as directed by fir Benjamin Ham met and John Rennie. Towing paths, &c. to be fenced off from adjoining lands-Gates and stiles to be erected on towing paths, &c. and bridges, See. to be erected by the company. Directions for rebuilding- Newbury bridge, -if taken down. Company to make bridges in the estate of Saint John's College. In case of failure to fence off towing paths, and make bridges* Sec. owners of lands adjoining may do it at the comp; ny's expence. The company to make watering places for cattle, and to make hatches, &c. for conveying and securing water, for watering farms or grounds. Owners and occupiers of lands may erect bridges, Sec. at their own expence, if not satisfied with those eroded by the company. Company to spread and level clay, gravel, rubbish, See. on adjoining mds. The company to puddle the fides of the canal, and raise the banks thereof in Bath wick, to prevent damage by floods. Company to make drains, See. to convey water from adjoining lands. Company may cleamfe adjoining ditches and drains at the expence of owners, if neglected by them. For repairing damages occasioned by floods, and preventing further damage from the same. The company may raise 420, 000l. to be divided into three thousand five hundred shares, which may be subdivided into half shares. Shares to be por-fonal estate. Names of proprietors, and the numbers of their shares to be entered in a book, and tickets with the same numbers delivered to them. If the 420, 000k be not fufneient, the company may raile 150, 000l. mors among themselves, or by mortgage. Proprietors to be paid five pounds per cent, interest until navigation completed. Interest of mortgages to he first paid. Proprietors to have a vote for every share. All questions to rbc determined by a majority, and a chairman appointed, who shall have a casing vote. The affairs of the company to be managed by a committee of twenty-four proprietors, who are to meet at Marlborough the fecorad. Tuesday after their election, and four general quarterly meetings in September, December, March, and June, yearly. Committee to elect & chairman, and not less than five persons to do business. Committee to appoint a general meeting of proprietors, for electing a treat urer, who is lvo> give security. Committee may appoint officers, and audit their accounts. Committee-may make calls for money, and purchase lands, See. and generally manage the business of the company. Committee may appoint Subcommittees, with power to make contracts, See- Committees to enter their proceedings in a bock, and their expences to be defrayed by the company. Money not to be issued by the treasurerr without an order of the committee. Sub-committees to make reports of their proceedings to tfee committee. Committee may make bye laws. Committee may call special meetings of proprietors at large. Proprietors to pay their shares of the money called for at the place appointed, and if calls not answered in one month, shares to be forleited, but not without notice. In case of death of subscribers before the subscriptions are completed, executors may complete the same. Shares may be sold. Rites of tonnage and wharfage. For all hay, straw, dung, peat, and peat allies, and allies for manure, ami chalk, marie, clay, and land, and lime for manure, and all other manure and materials for the repair of roads, one penny per ton per mile. For aUS. coals, culm, coke, cinders, charcoal, iron Hone, pig iron, iron ore, copper ore, lead ore, lime, (except for manure) lime Hone, and other Hone, bricks and tiles, one penny halfpenny per ton per mile. For ail corn, flour* malt, meal, timber, bar iron, and lead, (except corn, &c. carried we ft wards on the canal between Devizes and Bath) two-pence per ton per mile. For

Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 91, 92. [1754.

corn, flour, malt, and meal^ carried from Devizes to Bath, three.shillings per ton. For corn, &c. carried westwards between Devizes and Bath, one

[Publick act.]

[Treble costs.]

[General issue.]

Eenny halfpenny per toft per mile. And for all other goods two-pence alfpenny per ton per mile. Vessels laden with hay, straw, or corn, &c. not to pass locks, except the water flows over the waite wier. Forty cubic feet of round, or fifty of square oak, afh, elm, or beech timber, and fifty cubic feet of fir, or deal, poplar, or birch, not cut into scantlings, and sixty cubic feet of light goods, shall be deemed a ton Weight. Rates how to be recovered. The rates not taxable but when the company make a dividend of five per cent. Masters of boats, See. to give an account in writing of the goods on board to the collectors of the tolls, on penalty of forty shillings. In case of dispute collectors mfty flop goods and weigh them. Navigation to be free on payment of the tolls. Committee may from time to time vary the tolls. Amount of clear profits of the intended navigation, how to be ascertained. Canal to be measured, and stones erected every half mile. Navigation not to be subject to commissioners of sewers. Names of the owners of boats, Sec. to be painted on the outside. Boats, &c. to be gauged when required by the company. Owners of boats answerable for damages done by their beats, horses, or servants. Places to be made for boats to turn and pass each other. Regulations for boats in passing locks. Boats under 20 tons not to pass locks without paying for that burthen. Two boats may pass locks together in certain cases. Boats, &c. obstructing the navigation to be removed. Five pounds penalty for unloading goods, unless at a publick wharf, or leaving open draw bridges, Sec. or floating timber on the canal, or obstructing the navigation, &c. Restriction respecting making wharfs at Devizes, Arbitrators to determine the compensation to be made to the inhabitants of Marlborough for any loss they may sustain. Company not to make a cut through the estates of lady Jones and Mrs. Popham. Lords of manors and others may erect wharfs on their own lands; but if they refuse after twelve months notice the company may erect the same. Regulations respecting private wharfs. Right of fishery reserved to lords of manors, Sec. Owners and occupiers of lands may use pleasure and husbandry boats free of rates. Remedy for damages not before provided for. Lands taken and not used by the company to be re-conveyed to the original owners, in case they think proper to become the purchasers thereof. To compel payment of subscriptions. Power for a majority of a special meeting of proprietors, to apply to parliament for powers to raise more money, if wanted, and for other purposes. For suspending the p6 wer given by this act so far as relates to the cuts to Caine and Chippenham. Company to be deemed contenting to certain communications with the canal. The canal if not completed from Newbury to Bath within twelve years, not to be used for twenty miles westward of Newbury until completed. Recovery of penalties. Appeal. Limitation of actions.

CAP. XCI.

An act to continue the term and enlarge the powers of two acts, made in the seventeenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and life seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, for continuing the duty of two pennies Scots, or a sixth part of a penny sterling, upon every Scots pint of ale and beer, which shall be brewed for sale, brought into, tapped, or fold, within the town of Borrowstounness and liberties thereof, in the county of Linlithgow, and for extending the same over the parish of Borrowstounness; for repairing the harbour of the said town, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

[May 9, 1794.]

CAP. XCII.

An act for making and maintaining a navigable canal from Wisbeach river, at or near a place called the Old Sluice, in the town of Wisbeach, in the isle of Ely, and county of Cambridge, to join the river Nene, in the parish of Outwell, in the said isle of Ely, and in the county of Norfolk,

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. 0, 92*

and for improving and maintaining the navigation of the said river, truss

Outwell Church to Salter's Load Sluice.

[May 9, 1794.]

Proprietors names. Incorporated by the name of "The Wifoeach Cana! Company/7 Commissioners appointed for settling differences. No proprietor, or person interested in the navigation, to aeft as a commissioner. Commissioners to be allowed seven shillings and sixpence apiece each meeting. Commissioners at their-fil'd meeting to ap}X)int a clerk, and their proceedings to be entered in a book. Meetings to be publick, and all orders to be made by a majority. Five of to constitute a meeting, and all meetings to be within ten miles of the canal. Com--miffioriers may summon and examine witnesses on oath. Commissioners' adjudications to be put into writing, and (igned and sealed by three of them. Map and book of reference to remain with clerks of the peace. Width of canal and towing paths to be twenty yards. Not to injure any house, garden, &c. For removing the cottages, See. on the old river. Power for the biflaop of Fly to grant out parcels of the waste. For enabling disqualified persons to sell or exchange lands, See. Company obliged to purchase small parcels of land separated in making canal. Satisfaction to be made in gross sums, or by rents. Copyhold rights to be preserved. Compensatiorl to be made for tithes. Commissioners to settle damages. Commissioners to settle the proportions to be paid to persons having only partial interest in estates fold. If parties are diffiatisfied with the determination of the of, the value to be ascertained by a jury. Verdict for value oflands and damages to be ascertained separately. Verdicts to be recorded. Persons requesting juries to enter into bonds to prosecute. Notice of injury to be given to the company before complaint to the of Damages how to be recovered. Purchase money belonging to corporations, &c. to be laid out to the same uses. Power to enter and take possession ostands, See. on payment or tender of purchase? money. Proprietors may raise fourteen thousand pounds, to be divided into shares of one hundred and five pounds each. Shares deemed personal property. Company may raise six thousand pounds more, by contribution or mortgage. Tickets of shares to be delivered to the proprietors. Five per cent, interest to be paid until the canal is fmished. A general a (Terribly to be held the second Friday in May, annually, and the chairman to have the calling vote. If proprietors of seventy shares not present at general assemblies, no business to be done. General assembly to choose & committee, and appoint a treasurer and other officers, and power to make bye laws. For calling special general assemblies. Duty of the clerk. Committee to meet. The chairman of the committee to have a calling vote. Committee to make calls of money. On the death of subscribers before shares completed, executors may complete the same. Shares may be sold. For compelling payment of subscriptions. Rates or tonnage and wharfage. For every chaldron of coals, hundred of battens, halt hundred of single deals, quarter of an hundred of double deals, a load of iir timber, fifty cubic feet to the load, and all other timber, forty cubic Teet to the load, every four packs of wool, reckoning ten tod to each pack, every five quarters of oats, rye, grass, and hay feeds, barley, big, and malt, a load of turf, reed, (edge, hay, flax, or hemp, reckoning twenty hundred weight to the load, every five hundred pan tiles, thousand fiat tiles, or five hundred bricks, twenty cubic feet of (lone, every pipe* butt, puncheon, or piece of wine, or spirituous liquors, fix sacks of flour, weighing twenty (tones each lack, five barrels of ale, beer, or porter, of thirty-six gallons each, and every chaldron of lime, forty bushels to the chaldron, one shilling each. For every five quarters of wheat, barley, mustard feed, hemp feed, rape seed, Imd feed, rye, peas, or beans, one drilling and sixpence. And for every ton weight of all other goods, one shilling. Recovery of rates. Exemptions from rates. Allowing land owners to carry manure toll free. Power for land owners to use pleasure boats. Company empowered to lease the rates. Mailers of boats to give an account of their lading. Collectors may weigh and measur veil'ds and goods. Preventing boats laden with corn going to Lynn or Wisbeach being (topped by the collectors of the toll. Power to fix the price of small

712

Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 93. [1794.

parcels. Navigation to be free upon payment of rates. Mailers of vessels to be accountable for damages done by boatmen. Places to be made for boats to turn or lie in Vessels obstrutfting the navigation to be removed, and vessels sunk to be weighed up. Five pounds penalty on persons overloading or obstructing the passage of the canal. Destroying the works, felony. Regulations of vessels passing locks. Lock keepers not to give undue preference. Vessels passing locks with less than three tons, to pay for three tons. Boatmen to have tickets delivered on passing locks, which will entitle them to repass toll free within a certain time. Boats laden with turf may pass the look at Outwell, on payment of tonnage for turf only. Pleasure and market boats may pass through locks tonnage free, in certain cases. Bridges and tunnels to be made, and a culvert for draining lands in Oldfield, in Elm. No watering places for cattle, or tunnels laid in the canal. Owners of land in Oldfield, in Elm, in Emneth, and Outwell, to lay tunnels for taking in fresh waters. For fencing off towing paths. If the company do not fence off towing paths, and make bridges, \ the land owners may, at the company's expence. Lords of manors and landowners may erecft wharfs; if not done in six months, the company may build. Rates for craneage sixpence a ton. Company not to use private wharfs. &c. Canal not to be under the power of commissioners of sewers. Recital of river Nene navigation, add 27 Geo. 2. One hundred pounds per annum to be paid to the Nene of Additional toll of three-pence per ton on goods passing from the river Nene and Well Creek into the Wisbeach canal, if tolls paid at Salter's Load or Stand-ground Sluices to be exempted from further toll. Application of the tolls. Monies advanced by the Wisbeach canal company to be repaid out of the tolls, with interest. Fund provided for the future preservation of the river between Outwell and Salter's Load Sluice, and residue to be applied in improving the river between Outwell and Standground Sluice. Trustees to be appointed to meet annually. Power of trustees. The company to make locks, pointing and ebb doors at Outwell, Popham's Eau, and Salter's Load. Gauges to be fixed thereon by engineers, to be appointed by the Bedford level corporation and the Wisbeach canal company. The locks and doors to be under the direction of a person, to be appointed by the Bedford level corporation, but to be ihut when the water shall fall below the gauge. Authorising trustees to flop up tunnels in certain cases.

[Publick act.]

[Treble costs.]

[General issue.]

If waters in the river Nene are above the high water mark, then the company to run them through the canal. Power for company to drain lands through the canal, but not to raise the water in the canal above the foil of the adjacent lands so as to injure them. Rights of the Bedford level corporation saved. Recovery of fines and forfeitures. Appeal. False testi-money before the of perjury. Limitation of actions.

CAP. XCIII.

An act for making and maintaining a navigable canal, from the Coventry canal, at or near Marston Bridge, in the parish of Bedworth, in the county of Warwick, to a certain dole in the parish of Ashby de la Zouch, in the county of Leicester, and for continuing the same from thence, in one line, to the lime works at Ticknall, in the county of Derby, and in another line to the lime works at Cloudhill, in the said county of Leicester, with certain cuts or branches from the said canal.

[May 9, 1794.]

Proprietors names. Incorporated by the name of tc The Company of Proprietors of the Affiby de la Zouch Canal." Not to take any water from the spring of Penn Asheton, esq; near Gopfal Park. Company to convey the water from the reservoir, in Gopfal Park, to Gopfal House, at their own expence. Course of the canal through the manor of Gopfal. For deviating the line over Mr. Curzon's estate, if-safe to the guarantee. - Foot bridge to be made over the river Sense, and the canal at Shackerstone, &c. Course of the canal through Mr. Simpson's and Mr. Ryder's estates.' Bridge to be made to the coal mines, at Pegg's Green, Direction of the

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 93* 7T3

towing path over certain lands. Not to take any water from Holywell spring, the spring in Blackfordby, the springs in Repton and Tick nail,

Hanlon's Water I-Ionfe spring, or Aldercar spring, in Repton Not to take the water of the rivers Anker, or Mease, or Bramborough brook.

Power to make roliers, inclined planes, See. Houses, gardens, Scc, not to be damaged. Gut to be made to earl Ferrer's lime works, when he shall require it. Sir Henry Harpur may make a railway. See. from Caulk.

To enable William Abney, esq. tomiake a cut from Heather Colliery into the canal near Shackerfton, and William Fermor, esq. from his coal mines.

For erecting wharfs near Hartfhorne and Green Hills Failure. The canal to be completed to the lime works, in five years. Plans and books of reference made. Canal not to deviate from the course laid down in the plan. Breadth of the canal and towing paths to be twenty-four yards.

Bodies politick, See. empowered to sell and convey lands. Satisfaction to be made in gross, or by annual rent. If parties cannot agree, price of lands,

&c. to be settled by of, or a jury. For settling speedy satisfaction, for temporary or occasional damages. Commissioners. Meetings of of Commissioners to fix the price of lands. If parties dissatisfied with the determination of of, a jury to be summoned. Expence of calling meetings of of, and of jury and witnesses, to be ascertained by of Notice of injury to be given to the company, before complaint to the of Persons giving false evidence, liable to perjury. Verdictt for value of lands and damages, to be ascertained separately. Determination of of, and verdicts to be recorded. Money to be paid for damages of any kind, how to be recovered. Annual rents to be paid for lands charged on the tolls and rates, with power for recovering the same. For preserving copyhold rights. Compensation to be made for tithes. Trustees appointed for securing money, at which land taken on Afnby Woulds shall be valued, which is to be applied as the lord of the manor, &c. shall appoint.

Receipts of persons so appointed, a full discharge to trustees. Money may be sued for, in case of nonpayment. Company may take possession of lands, &c. on payment or tender of purchase money. Purchase money of lands, belonging to bodies politick, See, to be laid out to the same uses.

Lands not used, to be re-conveyed to the original owners. Remedy for damages not before provided for. For levelling the rubbish, See. thrown on the adjacent lands, and covering it with the foil. Power to take water from mines. Mines reserved to lords of manors, and other proprietors.

Regulations respecting working of mines under the canal. If mines are worked contrary to the dirt&ions of this act, the company may enter and \ secure the canal. Before working mines under the canal, notice to be given to the company. To oblige the proprietors of fire engines, next the canal, to lift their water into the same. Steam engines may be en ded, but not to damage the canal. Mills injured by the navigation, to be purchased by the company, if so required by the owner, or otherwise altered and improved. Towing paths to be fenced off from adjoining lands.

Gates and stiles to be eroded on towing paths, &c. Towing paths to be used as a horseway, See. by the occupiers of lands. Drains, &c. to be made, to convey water from lands adjoining. Canal to be puddled. For letting off waste water through Melbourne brook into the Trent. Bridges to be make over the canal, in certain grounds. If company do not fence off the towing paths, and make bridges; See. land owners may do it at the company s exptnee. Bridges not to fall more than one inch in each foot.

Canal not to go over any other of the closes at Stoke Golding, than those particularized in the plan. See. Company to cleanse the adjoining water courses, at the land owners expence. Company may raise one hundred and fifty thousand pounds, to be divided into one thousand five hundred ihares, of one hundred pounds each, and fifty thousand pounds more, if necessary, by mortgage. Names of proprietors to be entered in a book, and tickets of their fh ires delivered to them. Five per cent, to be paid to the proprietors until the work is completed, Sufcscribers to have a vote for every (bare. First general assembly to be on July i, 1794, and to meet twice a year, inApiil and O&oUr. Committee to be appointed. General assembly to ekdt and apooint officers, and take security from them.

J4 L Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 94. [1794.

[Publick act.]

[Treble costs.]

[General issue.]

No business to be done at a committee, unless five persons present. Powers of the committee. Committee may make calls and contracts. On the death of subscribers, before shares completed, executors may complete the same. Shares may be sold. Rates of tonnage. For coals, lime, and (late, one penny farthing per ton per mile. For iron stone, stone, lime (tone, bricks, and tiles, and for cattle, lheep, &c. three farthings per ton per mile. For cotton, wool, and hops, corn, timber* bark, wrought iron, cheese, and all other articles (except dung, allies, marl, and clay, for manure, gravel, sand, and stones for roads) two-pence per ton per mile. Exemptions from toll. For ascertaining the tonnage of lime. Matters of boats to give an account in writing to the collectors, of the goods on board. Forty feet of afh, oak, or elm timber, and fifty feet of fir, or deal balk, poplar, -beech, birch, or other wood, to be deemed a ton weight, and one hundred and twenty pounds, averdupoise, shall be taken for one hundred weight of coal, coak, or lime, and one hundred and twelve pounds weight of all other articles. In case of difference concerning the weight of goods, collectors may weigh them. For settling disputes'concerning wharfage. Power to fix the price of small parcels. Rates, tolls, and duties, how to be recovered. Navigation to be free, on payment of tolls. Boats, See. under twenty tons, not to pass locks without paying for twenty tons. Empty boats, on their return, to be toll free. Vessels lying so as to obstruct the navigation to be moored, and vessels sunk to be weighed up. To prevent lock keepers giving any preference. Forty shillings penalty for obstructing the canal. Five pounds penalty for opening locks, or defacing measuring stones. Regulations of vessels passing locks. Swivel and draw bridges to be iliut and fattened after vessels have pitted through them. Persons wilfully damaging the canal, &c. guilty of felony. Lords of manors, and land owners may erect wharfs, but if not done in twelve months after notice, company may do it. Company not to life private wharfs. No building to be erected on the town'ng paths, excpt for the navigation. Power for owners cf mines to make rail ways for conveying coals, Sec. to the canal. Matters to put their names on the outside of boats. Weight of the lading of vessels to be marked. Vessels to be measured. Boat owners to be accountable for damage done by the crew. Canal not to be under the power of the commissioners of sewers. Allowing land owners to carry manure toll free. Right of fishery referred. Power for land owners to use pleasure boats. To compel payment of subserptions. Two thirds of the proprietors may make further applications to parliament for power to open other communications with the canal. For settling a cempensation to fir George Beaumont, in respect: of his collieries at Coleorton. Compensation to be made to the Coventry canal company. For preventing any diminution of water in the Coventry canal. Toll house to be erected for colkdhng rates payable to the Coventry canal company. The lame powers to be applied for enforcing payment or the rates as are given in the Coventry canal act. Power for the Coventry canal company to reduce the rates. Exemptions from the said rates. Compensation to be made to the Leicester navigation company. Not to take any water which may be wanted to supply the water levels belonging to the Leicester canal company. For recovery and application of fines and forfeitures. Appeal. Limitation of actions.

CAP. XCIV.

An act to enable the company of proprietors of the canal navigation from*Leeds to Liverpool, to complete the said navigation, and to vary the line thereof, and to raise a further furn of money for those purposes; and for making a navigable branch, therein described, from the intended new line of the said canal.

[May 9, 1794.]

A<b 10 Geo. 3. c. 114. 30 Geo. 3. c. 65. 23 Geo. 3. c. 47. Douglas canal made. Power to vary the line of canal. Map and book of reference to remain with the clerk of the peace. Canal not ta be deviated without confeut. Requiring the proprietors of the Lancaster canal to mar out*the

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 94.

he line and level where the proposed deviation of the Leeds and Liverpool canal may cross the same. Water not to be taken from Bentley Brook so as to injure Meliks. Peel's and Co's, works. Waters in Altham not to be taken. House or wharfs, &c. not to be built in Altham. Water not to be taken from Henburn Hoult Mi]], or any part of Mefirs. Peel's printing - works. Limitation of cutting the canal through Messrs. Peel's printing grounds in Church. Water not to be taken from Mr. NuttalPs mill, or Mr Clayton's mill. To preserve the water flowing to the archhifiicp of Canterbury's mill in Blackburn. Water not to be taken from the works of lord Petre, or Messrs. Haworth's and Co. To preserve the water flowing to William Griffin's mill and the works of Messrs. Ainsworth an 1 son. Protecting Duxbury mills. To preserve the water flowing to Crosse Hall Mill. Houses, wharfs, Sec. not to be built in certain lands in Chor-ley. To preserve the water flowing to certain mills belonging to Sir Richard Clayton, baronet, and Mr. Standish. Brooks, &c. belonging to Mr. Blundell, preserved. To preserve the water supplying a cotton mill in Afpul. Water belonging to the earl of Balcarras or the Lancaster canal, not to be taken. For protecting the use of the waters for the Lancaf-ter canal, and providing satisfaction in case of damage by overflowing, &c.

To secure the canal from damage. Enabling the reverend Richard Wroe Walton to make a side cut. How the canal is to be made, and fenced off, in the lands of Messrs. Ainsworth and son. Enabling earl Balcarras and Mr. Shuttleworth to make side cuts. Houses, gardens, Sec. not to be injured. Wood not to be cut down. Breadth of canal and towing path to be twenty-six yards. Inclined planes, Sec. maybe used. Bodies politick, See. empowered to convey lands. Compensation to be made for tythes. Commissioners. if parties refuse to submit to of, a jury may be impannelled. Verdict of jury to be final. Commissioners to give ten days notice of their meetings. On application, of to hold meetings. Proceedings of of to be entered in a book. Expences of of and jury. Persons requeuing juries to enter into bond to profreute. Notice of injury to be given to the proprietors before complaint to the commissioners. Manner of making satisfaction. for damages done in getting materials. Verdict for value of lands, and damages to be ascertained'l'epsrate. Upon payment or tender of monies, the proprietors to enter, to make canal. Verdicts to be recorded, and lands vested in the proprietors. Punch a fe money to be laid out to the same uses. Commissioners to settle the proportions of money to be paid to the persons interested. In default of payment, rates liable to damages and coils. Satisfaction to be made to fir F. Stamiifn, &c. for particular damage. Copyhold rights preserved. Mims, &c. reserved to lords of manors, See. Coal mines, ore. not to be worked to prejudice tile navigation. Power to make railways. Cuts may be made to communicate with the intended canal. Company to make drains, See. Enabling the company to cleanse the adjoining watercourses at the land owners expence. To prevent destroying the works. Rates of tonnage and wharfage. One halfpenny, per mile, for every ton of clay, brick, or Hones.

One penny per mile, per ton, for coal, or lime. And one penny halfpenny, per mile, for every ton of timber, goods, &e. One fat thing per ton, per mile, to be paid for manure, for lands by the canal. Exemption from tolls. Tolls to be taken at the junction at Leeds. Tonnage upon the Douglas to be the same as upon the Leeds and Liverpool canal. Tonnage of coals, upon the ^Douglas navigation, not to be reduced in certain cases. To preserve the water at certain pools. Land owners may use pleasure bouts Boat mailers accountable for damages done by the crew.

For fencing off towing paths and making bridges, Sec. Land owners may erect warehouses, See. on their own lands. For ascertaining the rate of wharfage. Private wharfs not to be used by the company. Canal not to be under the of Rights of fishery reierved. For making recompence for damages not before provided for. Company may raile 280, 000b New subscribers to have the same power as original subscribers. Majority of proprietors may make further applications, to parliament for power to open other communications with the canal. Power to borrow money, by virtue of aft 30.. Geo. 3. c. 65. repealed. To extend certain

Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 95. [1794.

[Publick act.]

powers in the recited acts to the canal, hereby authorised to be made. Reservation of the rights cfthe corporation of Liverpool. Repeal of so much of the former acts, as relate to the canal between Wamefs Banks and Newborough.

CAP. XCV.

An act to alter and amend an act of the twenty-third year of his present Majesty, for improving the navigation of the river Trent; and for making and maintaining a-navigable canal from the said river, in the parish of Bedton, to join the Nottingham canal, in the parish of Lenton, in the county of Nottingham, and also certain cuts on the side of the said river.

[May 9, 1794.]

Company of the Trent navigation empowered to make certain improvements. To make a canal from the Nottingham canal to the Trent in Beefton meadow, and to lower the bed of the river. New haling paths to be set out. A side cut at Bingham roads, and near the Trent lock. Prow, lions in former act extended to the works to be done under this act. Plans and books of reference to remain with the clerks of the peace Line of canal to be preferred between Mr. Gregory's and Mrs. Milward's efcates. Power to make tide cuts. Breadth of canal and side cuts to be twenty yards. Company obliged to widen the present towing piths. For repairing the haling path on the flood banks. Persons empowered to sell and convey lands. Contracts for copyholds to be completed by surrender. Comp my to be compellable to purchase several pieces of land to make communications by bridges. Company to provide a ferry boat for the occupiers of Sawley Cliff. For building a bridge in lieu of the ford across the river Soar. Weir or darn at Soar Mouth Shoal not to exceed eighteen inches in height. Weir or dam to be extended to the bounds of the river Trent. Differences concerning damages occasioned by the weir or dam to be settled by arbitration. Company to pure hale the capftern at Nottingham Trent bridge. Company to make drains, &c. For fencing off haling paths. Bridges to be made over the canal within Mr. Pierrepont's ground. Regulations when the Beeflon meadow cut is made. Company to make a flop gate near the junction of the Beefton meadow cut with the Nottingham canal. Rights of fishery laved. Works relating to the navigation not to prejudice the fisheries. For protecting the fishery at King's Mills. Injury within four years to King's Mills salmon fishery, occasioned by the intended works, to be made good by the company* Restrictions as to weirs and dams between Cavendish bridge and the Erewash canal. Ten pounds penalty for destroying salmon. Proceedings of of to be entered in a book. Rates. For every ton of goods, See. carried from Wilden ferry to Gainsborough, or from Gainsborough to Wilden ferry, nine-pence. From Wilden ferry to Newark upon Trent, or from Newark upon Trent to Wilden ferry, sixpence. From Wilden ferry to Nottingham Trent bridge, or to the Nottingham canal near Lenton church, or from Nottingham Trent bridge, or the Nottingham canal near Lenton church to Wilden ferry, three-pence. From Gainsborough to Nottingham Trent bridge, or from Nottingham Trent bridge to Gainsborough, sixpence. From Gainsborough to Newark, or from Newark to Gains-fcorough, three-pence. And from Nottingham Trent bridge to Newark, or from Newark to Nottingham Trent bridge, three-pence. Sixpence a boat to be paid for crofting the river between the Erewash canal and the river- Soar. No additional rates for boats passing from the Grantham canal, if the same pass along the Trent, and not through the Beefton cut.' Vessels passing to and from the Erewash canal may pass the new cut at the river rates. Persons claiming exemptions from rates to give notice. Power to alter the rates. Restriction as to the reejuction of the rates on coals. Profits not to exceed seven pounds per cent. Committee to regulate the navigation. Proprietors may raise thirteen thousand pounds, to be divided into two hundred and sixty shares, at fifty pounds each. Five pounds per cent, to be paid until the works are completed. Power to raise ten

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 96, 97* 7*7

[Publick act.]

thousand pounds more by mortgage. Special general assemblies. Power of general assemblies and committees to make calls. To compel payment of subscriptions. Satisfaction for tithes.

CAP. XCVI.

An act for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, watering, and otherwise improving and keeping in repair, the streets, squares, and other publick passages and places, which are and shall be made upon certain pieces of ground in the parishes of Saint Pancras, Saint George the Martyr, and Saint George, Bloomsbury, or some or one of them, in the county of Middlesex, belonging to the hospital for the mainenance and education of expo fed and deserted young children, commonly called The Foundling Hospital.

[May 9, 1794.]

Commissioners appointed for the first three years. On the second Wednesday in May 1797, and so afterwards annually, twenty-one governors of the hospital, and twenty-one persons chosen by the inhabitants, to be of Meetings of of Special meetings may be held. Proceedings of of to be entered in a book, and officers to be appointed, who are to give security. Treasurer and collector to account, Property of pavements veiled in of Commissioners to cause streets to be paved and repaired. Lamps to be set up, and streets and houses to be named and numbered. Commissioners may purchase or hire ground for getting materials and building a watch house, and to erect watch boxes. Commissioners may water the streets, contrail for performing the works, and employ surveyors. No contract to be made between the first of February and the twenty-fifth of June. Commissioners annually to print and distribute an account of receipts and disbursements,

&c. For preventing incroachments. Forty fthllings penalty on occasioning nuisances in the street. Five shillings penalty on leaving carriages, See. in the street. Dirt not to be swept into any common fewer, or within three feet of the channel. No night foil to be taken before twelve, or after five in winter or four in summer, or be put within the limits of this act, or half a mile thereof. Hoards, &c. may be erected. Scavenger's duty. Inhabitants exempted from the office offcavenger and surveyor of the highways, from hanging out lights, &c. Regulations for mending water pipes. Commissioners of sewers to repair drains, Sec. under their direction. Watchmen to be appointed. Rates. For paving, cleansing and fighting, two shillings in the pound. For watching, sixpence in the pound.

For watering the streets, sixpence in the pound. Houses, See. to be rated at the full yearly value. Empty houses to be charged with half rates.

Publick buildings to be rated at sixpence the square yard. Foundling Hospital to be rated equal to three-fifths of the annual value assessed upon the houses in Guildford Street, from Milman Street to the Mews opposite Lansdown Place. Houses, tec. abutting on Gray's Inn Lane exempt from rates. Poor's rates may be inspected. Recovery of rates. Money may be raised by annuities or mortgage. Money borrowed not to exceed fifty thousand pounds. Creditors to be paid by ballot. Recovery of penalties. Inhabitants and governors of Foundling Hospital may give evidence.

[Publick act.]

[Treble costs.]

[General issue.]

Appeal. Plaintiff shall not recover after tender of sufficient amends. Limitation of actions.

CAP. XCVII.

An act for building a new Shire-hall for the county of Stafford.

[May 9, 1794.]

Justices of the peace for the county of Stafford, and mayor, recorder, and justices for the borough of Stafford to be of Treasurer: and clerk to be appointed. Commissioners may treat for purchase of houses, See. Incapacitated persons may treat for tale of lands. If parties refuse to treat, the value to be settled by a jury. On payment of money estates to be vested in the of Money paid to any corporation,

718 Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 98, 99. [1794.

[Publick act.]

tion> Sic. to be inverted in lands to be settled to the same ides. The old shire-hall to be taken down, and materials told, and new shire-hall built. iNo buildings to be ere died in the open ground in the front, and on the hdes of the present mire-hall. Rate of is. 6d. in the pound for building the new shire-hall. Appeal. Rates may be mortgaged. At yearly mett-ings to audit the accounts. The shire-hall verted in the justices, &c. for publick purposes. The hall to be in fared and sup ported at the expence of the county and town. Limitation of actions. General issue. Double corts.

CAP. XCVIII.

An act for the better relief, regulation and employment of the poor, within the town of Bedford, in the county of Bedford.

[May 9, 1794.]

[Publick act.]

[Treble costs.]

[General issue.]

Guardians of the poor incorporated by the name of u The Guardians of the Poor within the Town of Bedford, in the County of Bedford.51 First meeting of guardians to be on May 13, 1794, to choose twelve of the guardians to be directors. The mayor of Bedford always to be an additional dire Cor. Guardians and directors to defray their own expences. Twenty pounds penalty for refusing the office of dir Cror. Directors to meet every Tuesday. Directors to appoint officers. Directors may contract for and purchase buildings, Ike. if parties cannot agree, a jury to settle the recoin pence. Purchase money belonging to corporations to be settled to the same uses. Poor persons to continue under the government of the churchwardens and overseers until the house of industry is completed. House of industry to be furnished. Directors to have the care and management of the poor. A burial ground to be provided. Power to apprehend vagrants. Children taken in to be apprenticed. The poor may be hired out to work. Power to borrow 8, ooool. Churchwardens and overseers to collect the rates. Churchwardens, &c. to account with directorcu and pay the money colic died to the treasurer. Assessments to be re noon che average of the rates. Parish officers to assist in the execution of the act. Directors to appoint constables. Parish officers may raiib money, besides the sums requisite for the purposes of this act. Property of the furniture, &c. verted in the corporation. No business to be done by directors, but at meetings. Directors may grant certificates. Bonds respecting bastard children to be given to the corporation. Directors empowered to make bye laws. The indurtrious poor may be rewarded. The poor in any alms house not to be under the regulations of this act. AH charitable donations, not particularly appropriated, to be paid to the treasurer. Charitable benefactions paid to the directors, to be paid according to the will of the donor. Directors proceedings to be entered in a book. Poor born or maintained in the house of industry to gain a ieUlement thereby. For appertaining the settlements of bastard children. The rates not to be collected when the poor earn enough for their own maintenance. Recovery and application of penalties. Appeal. Expenses of the act to be first paid. Limitation of actions.

CAP. XCIX.

An act to continue the term, and enlarge the powers, of an act, made in the twelfth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for deepening, cleaning, scouring, preserving, and maintaining, the harbour of Ayr; for enlarging and improving the quays and piers; for erecting docks, bjreafts, jettees. and piers; and for regulating ships, lighters, and other vessels, trading into and going out of the said harbour 5 and for other purposes therein mentioned.

[May 9, 1794.]

[Publick act.]

Act 12 Geo. 3. c. 22. continued for twenty-one years. When money due on the former repaid, trustees to borrow a sum equal to the fuin paid off. Places to be appointed for landing and sale of fish. Expences of the s& to be paid out of the first money raised.

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 100.

CAP. C.

An act to continue the term, and enlarge the powers, of an act, made in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for repairing the roads in the county of Forfar, and for regulating the statute labour within the same; and for repairing several other roads in the said county, and for building a bridge over the river File, near Finhaven.

[May 9, 1794 ]

CAP. CI.

An act to enable his Majesty to grant, in fee simple, certain estates vested in him, by reason of the attainders of the persons therein named, to the defeendants of such attainted persons.

[May 23, 1794.]

[Publick act.]

Whereas the honourable William Radlyfte died on or about the sixth day of November, in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty-two, without issue, and intestate, as to his real estates, seised in fee simple to him and his heirs, of and in the manor of Ambell, and several farms, lands, and hereditaments in Arnbelf, Hawxley, and Warkworth, and elsewhere, with their royalties, rights, members, and appurtenances, in the county of Northumberland, and upon his death the same became escheated unto his Majesty for want of an heir to the said William Rad-lyffe; the late James carl of Derwent water, and Charles Radlyffe, his nephews, having been attainted of high treason, for having been engaged in the then late rebellion, in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifteen: and whereas the said manor, farms, lands, and hereditaments, are now vested in his Majesty, his heirs, and successsors, in fee limple: and whereas the right honourable Anthony James, earl of Newburgh is grandson to the said Charles Radlyffe, the nephew of the said William Radlyffe: and whereas George Collingwood, late of Ellington, in the said county of Northumberland, esquire, was, in or about the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, attainted of high treason, for having been engaged in the said then late rebellion, in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, and was executed for the same, and by his attainder the fee limple and inheritance of a moiety, or half part, or share of two undivided third parts or shares, or lbme other part or share of and in a certain colhery, called Stumpkwood Colhery, in the said county of Northumberland, became, or is supposed to have become vested in his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the same never was fold or appropriated by the commissioners for felling the forfeited estates, but the lame is now, or is supposed to be vested in his Majesty, his heirs and successsors, in fee limple: and whereas Thomas Qiftard, of Chillington, in the county of Stafford, esquire, is the def-cendant of the aforesaid George Collingwood, and would be his heir at law, but on account of the said attainder of his said ancestor George Collingwood: and whereas liich hath been the liberality of parliament, that they have been graciously pleated to rdtore to the descendants of the former proprietors all such forfeited estates as were known not to have been fold, or become vested in private individuals, or appropriated to some special national purpose: and whereas the said Anthony James, earl of Newburgh, and Thomas Giffard, are most dutifully and loyally attached unto his Majesty's most sacred person and government, and his Majesty hath moll graciously condescended to recommend their respective cases to the consideration of parliament; in order therefore, that they may be enabled to receive such m n k of his Majesty's favour as in his mercy and clemency he may be graciously pleated to confer upon them. May it please your Majesty, &c. Bis Majesty may grant to the earl of Newburgh the manor of Ambell, Sec. and may grant to Thomas Giffard, esq. the papiety of Stumplewood Colhery, &c. General saving.

---

720 Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 102 - 110. [1794.

CAP. CII.

An act for improving the outfall of the river Welland, in the county of Lincoln, and for the better drainage of the fen lands, low grounds, and marshes, discharging their waters through the same into the sea; and for altering and improving the navigation of the said river Welland, by means of a new cut, to commence below a certain place called The Reservoir, and to be carried from thence through the inclosed marshes, and open salt marshes, into Wyberton roads, between the port of Boston, and a place called The Scalp; and for disposing of the bare or white sands, adjoining to the said river; and for building a bridge over the said cut.

[May 23, 1794.]

CAP. CIII.

An act for amending and altering certain acts of parliament, for making and maintaining a navigable canal, from the Coventry canal navigation, to the city of Oxford.

[May 23, 1794.]

CAP. CIV.

An act to amend and enlarge the powers of an act passed in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the better paving, cleaning, and lighting the town of Cambridge, for removing and preventing obstructions and annoyances, and for widening the streets, lanes, and other passages, within the said town.

[May 1794.]

CAP. CV.

An act for building a new bridge over the river Parrett, within the borough of Bridgewater, in the county of Somerset, and for repairing, maintaining, and extending the quays, in the port of Bridgewater aforesaid; for abolishing the ancient and accustomed duties, and for imposing certain new duties at the port of Bridgewater aforesaid, instead thereof; for regulating the moorings and stations of ships and vessels in the said port; and for imposing a certain toll on horses, carriages, and cattle.

[May 23, 1794.]

CAP. CVI.

An act for paving, and otherwise improving the town of Abergavenny, and limits thereof, in the county of Monmouth.

CAP. CVII.

An act for taking down and rebuilding the parish church of Tipton, otherwise Tibbington, in the county of Stafford, and for enlarging the cemetery or burial ground belonging thereto.

CAP. CVIII.

An act for regulating the manner of stocking and using the Marsh Common, otherwise the Salt Marsh, in the parish of Almondsbury, in the county of Gloucester.

CAP. CIX.

An act for making and maintaining a navigable canal from the town of Swansea, in the county of Glamorgan, into the parish of Ystradgunlais, in the county of Brecon.

CAP. CX.

An act for embanking, and otherwise fencing from the sea, the lands on the sea coasts of the parish of Abergele, in the county of Denbigh, and Rhydlan Marsh, in the several parishes of Abergele aforesaid, and of Saint Asaph and Rhydlan, and the Franchise of Rhydlan, in the county

1794.] Anno regni tricesimo quarto Georgii III. c. 111, 112. 721

of Flint, and sundry other marshes, commons, and waste lands, in the said parish of Rhydlan, and in the several parities of Diserth, and Meliden, in the said county of Flint; and to cut and make in or through the same, or some part thereof, one or more aqueducts, or other water-courses and drains; and to inclose, divide, and sell, competent parts of the said several marshes, commons, and waste lands, to defray the expences of the said works, and to raise a fund for the future repair and preservation thereof.

CAP. CXI.

An act to enable the rector of the parish of Saint Stephen, in the city of Bristol, for the time being, and the feoffees of the lands, tenements, and hereditaments, belonging to the same parish, to sell, and re-convey to the mayor, burgesses, and commonalty, of the city of Bristol, a certain plot of ground, situate within and belonging to the said parish, and for applying the monies arising by such sale, and certain other monies, to the purposes of an act passed in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for making commodious ways and passages within the parish of Saint Stephen, in the city of Bristol, and for enlarging the burying ground belonging to the said parish.

CAP. CXII.

An act for better regulating the harbour of Dover, in the county of Kent.

[INDEX REMOVED]

END OF VOL. XXXIX.

