THE

Statutes at large.

FROM THE

Twelfth Year of Queen Anne,

TO THE

Fifth Year of King George I.

To which is prefixed,

A TABLE containing the TITLES of all the STATUTES during that Period.

VOL. XIII.

By DANBY PICKERING, of Gray's Inn, Esq;

Reader of the Law Lecture to that Honourable Society.

CAMBRIDGE

Printed by JOSEPH BENTHAM, Printer to the UNIVERSITY; for CHARLES BATHURST, at the Cross-Keys, opposite St. Dunstan’s Church in Fleet-Street, London. 1764.

CUM PRIVILEGIO.

A TABLE of the STATUTES,

Containing the Titles of all such Acts as are extant in print, from the Twelfth Year of Queen Anne, to the Fifth Year of King George I.

12 Anna. Stat. i.

Cap. 1. FOR granting an aid to JP her Majesty, to be raised by a hnd tax in Great Britain, for the service of the year 1712.

Cap. 2. For granting to her Majesty, duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, for the service of the year 1713, and for making forth duplicates of lottery tickets loft, burnt or deftroyed; and for enlarging the time for adjusting claims in fe-veral lottery-afts; and to punifti the counterfeiting or forging of lottery-orders; and for explaining a late aft in relation to (lamp-duties on cuftomary estates, which pafs by deed and copy.

Cap. 3. To revive and continue the aft for taking, examining and dating the publick accounts of the kingdom; and alfo to continue the aft for appointing commiflioners to take, examine and determine the debts due to the army, tranfport-fervice, and tick and wounded.

Cap. 4. For making inclofures of fome part of the common-grounds, in the Weft-riding of the county of ftri, for the endowing poor vicarages, and chapelries, for the better fupport of their minifters.

Cap. 5. To explain a clause in an aft of the laft felhon of parliament, intituled, An aH for the more effectual preventing fraudulent conveyances, in crier to multiply votes for detiing higbts of/hires to ferae in parliament, as far as the fame relates to the ascertaining the value of freeholds of 40 s. per annum.

Cap. 6. For the better regulating the eleftions of members to serve in parliament for that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Cap. 7. For the more effeftual preventing and punishing robberies that shall be committed in houfes.

Cap. 8. For railing the militia for the year 1713, although the month’s pay formerly advanced be not repaid.

Cap. 9. For continuing an act made in the third and fourth years of the reign of her present Majesty, intituled, An act for encouraging the importation of naval stores from her Majesty's plantations in America; and for encouraging the importation of naval stores from that part of Great Britain called Scotland, to that part of Great Britain called England.

Cap. 10. For continuing the afts therein mentioned, for preventing theft and rapine upon the northern borders of England.

Cap. 11. Toraife 1,200,000/.forpub-lick ufes, by circulating a further fum in Exchequer-bills; and for enabling her Majesty to raise 500, 000/. on the revenues appointed for the ufes of her civil government, to be applied for or towards payment of fuch debts and arrears owing to her fervants, tradefmen and others, as are therein mentioned.

Cap. 12. For the better regulating the forces to be continued in her a Majesty’s service; ai?d for the payment of the said forces, and of their quarters.

Cap. 13. To enable fuch officers and soldiers as have been in her Majesty’s service during the late war, to exercife trades, and for officers to account with their foldicrs.

Cap. 14. For explaining the acts for licensing hackney-chairs.

Cap. 15. For making perpetual an act made in the seventh year of the reign of the late King william, intituled, An aH to prevent falfe and ' double returns of members to serve in parliament.

Cap. 16. For the better encouragement of the making sail-cloth in Great Britain.

Cap. 17. To vert in the commiflioners for building fifty new churches in and about London and JVeJlminfter, and fuburbs thereof, as much of * the ftreet near the Maypole in the Strand in the county of Middlesex, as shall be fufficient to build one of the said churches upon ; and for reftoring to the principal and fcho-lars of kingls-Hall, and college of Brazen-Nofe, in the univerfity of Oxen, ,their right of prefentation to the churches and chapels in Stepney parifh.

Cap. 18. For making perpetual the act made in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of the late King Charles II. intituled, An an for the better relief of the poor of this kingdom: and that persons bound apprentices to, or being hired fervants with persons coming with certificates, shall not gain fettlemcnts by fuch services or apprenticefhips: and for making perpetual the ad made in the sixth year of her pre-fent Majesty’s reign, intituled, Art an for the importation of cochineal from any ports in Spain, during the present war, and fix months longer: and for reviving a clause in an act made in the ninth and tenth years

of the reign of the late King Wilr Ham, intituled, An an for fettling the trade to Africa, for allowing foreign copper bars imported^ to be exported.

Private A£h.

Anno 12 Anna, Staf. r.

1.	An act for repairing the hi^hWay or road from-the Stones-End in the parish of St. Leonard Shoreditch in the county of Middlesex, to the fur- j thermoft part of the northern roa^ ! in the parish of Endfield in the lame county, next to die parilh of Che-Jhunt in.the county of Hertford.

2.	An act for confirming several grants in fee-farm made by Henry earl of Thomond, by virtue or ftnee the paf-fing a former ad of parliament\ and for giving fome eaie and relief to the purefiafers under or since the said former ad.

3.	An act for confirming articles, and

- veiling the manor of Kirby~Unier-\ wood in the county of Lincoln, and* other manors, lands aikl hereditaments thereby agreed* to be fold, in truftees, for difeharging the debts of Sir John Browntow, bart. de-ceafed, and his daughters portions, and other purposes in the said articles mentioned.

4.	An act for diverting the crown of the remainder in fee-fimple of and in the manor and advowfon of Stourton in the county of Wilts, and several lands, tenements and hereditaments, to the fame manor belonging* expedant on certain e-ftates-tail, and for verting the fame in certain other persons therein named* to the intent the fame iriay be barred by proper methods in law^ for the purposes therein mentioned.

5.	An act to enable truftees to fell fome out-parts of the estate of Sir Bourchier Wrey, Bart, in the county of Devon, for the purposes therein mentioned.

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

61 An act to enable William Harveyy the elder efq; and William Harvey> efq; his fon, to fettle a jointure, aiid grant a leafe, and for veiling the inheritance, after a term of five hundred years, of lands in Suffolk, in trullees to be fold for raifing portions for his daughters.

j. An act for the exchange of the parlbnage-houfe at Charlton in Kent, and dole thereto adjoining, in lieu of another houfe and lands there.

8.	An act for making the chapelry of Stockton in the county of Durham, adiftind parith.

9.	An act for naturalizing Lewis Von-bn Enden-

10.	An act for better enabling James earl of Salisbury, and his trullees, to make fale of* certain manors, lands and hereditaments in the counties of Northampton and Dor-fety and a fee-farm rent, for the pwpofes in the (aid ad mentioned.

| 11. An act for the fale of thereverfion ' I and inheritance of the manor of Morley in the county of Yorky together with ,the term of 500 years therein, decreed to be fold for payment of debts, and alfo for exchanging a fee-farm rent of the coheirs of William late Marquefs of Halt-foxy iffuing out of part of Leiffield foreft in Rutlandjhirey for a fee-farm rent of Daniel earl of Nottinghamy iffuing out of Hartingfordbury in HertfordJbirey and for fettling the fame to fuch ufes as the faia fee-firm rent in Rutlandjbire was fettled

12. An act for raifing 50O0/. portion out of fevcral lands in Middlesex and Warwidcjhirey charged therewith (being the estate of the Right honourable Gilbert earl of Coventry) and for paying the .fame to the lady Anne Coventryy nis daughter, at her marriage, though the fame (hould be before her age of eighteen years.

1^. .An act for veiling divers lands

and hereditaments in the counties of Warwick and Bedfbrd, (late the estate of Sir Roger Burmney Bart, deceafed) in trullees, for diver* purposes therein mentioned.

14.	An adVfor difeharging the manors and lordlhips of BexWell and Tin-worth in the county of Norfolk from the several ufes, trulls and ellatcs thereof limited, in and by the marriage- fettlement of Sir Join Holland,% Bart, with the lady Rebecca his wife ; and for fettling divers other manors, mefluages, lands, tenements and hereditaments of a greater value* and which lie more convenient in the fame county, in lieu thereof.

15.	An act for enabling Henry Lee the younger, alias Lee Warnery to make a jointure upon his marriage.

16.	An act for uniting and confolidat-ing the redories, advowfons and parilhes of Melton St. Mary's and Melton All Saintsy in the dioccfe of Norwich in the county of Norfolk.

17.	An act to amend ievcral defeds in an ad of parliament, made in the tenth year of the reign of his late majesty King IViUiam III. intituled, An act to enable Thomas Byde, Efq \ an infant zvith the con-fent of his guardians and next rela-tionsy to make a contraft for the buying in his mother's jointure; and to fell a fmall efate in Great Ainwell in the county Hertford; and likewife for the f curing and raifing a portion for Barbara Byde, fpinjlery fifier of the said Thomas Byde, and for other purposes in the said aft mentionedy and to enable the said Thomas Byde to raise monies, and to make leafes for the purposes tn this present ad men-tiqned.

18.	An act to enable TVilliam Booth% gent, to fell certain lands and here-* ditaments in the county of Che/lery for payment of the ciebts of his brother, with whom and for which

Hands bound; and foi* apply*-ing the furplus (if any) of the a 2	money

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

money raised for fuch purpofe, towards payment of his own proper debts.

19.	An act to enable the right honourable Charles lord Weflm and earl of Arran in the kingdom of Ireland, to take the oath of office, as mafter of her Majesty’s ordnance in the kingdom ot Ireland, before the barons of her Majesty’s court of Exchequer at JVeJhninfter, and to qualify himfelf for the legal enjoyment ot the said office.

20.	An act for enabling Sir Charles Grejham, bart. to rife the sum of five thousand pounds, and intcreft, and maintenance, for Elizabeth the daughter of his brother Sir Edward Grejham, bart deceafed; and to make provision for his younger children.

21.	An act to enable Sir Edward Leighton, bart. to charge his estate with 4000/. (preferable to 6000/. already charged thereupon by his marriage-fettlement) for the pur-pofes therein mentioned.

22.	An act for fale of several lands and tenements of John Conjlable, gent, in the parish of Ockley in the county of Surrey, for payment of his debts, and for fettling other lands in the fame county, of a better value, to the fame ufes, in lieu thereof.

23.	An act to enable John Harrington , efq; and Dorothy his wife, and Charles Harrington, gent, fon and heir apparent of the laid John Harrington, to fell the revernon of several mefTuages and tenements in Liverpool, in the county of Lan-cafler, being the inheritance of the said Dorothy, for payment of their debts, and fettling an equivalent upon the said Dcrotly.

24.	An act to enable Symes Parry to change his name of Party to Syrnes, according to the will of John Symes, efq ; deceafed

25.	An act to naturalize Simon De-

Jewry, Peter Ribot, Piter Lqffite, and others,

Anno 12 Anna, Stat. 2.

Cap. 1. T?OR granting an aid to X1 her Majesty, to be raised by a land-tax in Great Britain, for the service of the year 1714.

Cap. 2. For allowing a drawback upon the exportation of fait to be made ufe of for the curing of filh taken at North feas, or at Ifidand.

Cap. 3. For charging and continuing the duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, for the service of the year 1714, and for the encouragement of the diftilling brandy from malted corn and cyder; and for making forth duplicates of Exchequer-bills, and lottery-tickets, loft, burnt, or deftroyed; and to enable the governor and company of the bank of England^ and others, to lend money upon Seuth-Sea ftock.

Cap. 4. For the better regulating the forces to be continued in her Majesty’s service, and for the payment of the said forces, and of their quarters.

Cap. 5. For taking away the new additional duty of 301. per cent, ad valorem, impofed upon all books and prints imported into Great Britain, by an aft made in the tenth year ot the reign of her present majesty Queen Anne.

Cap. 6. For taking away mortuaries within the diocefes of Bangor, Lon-daff, St. Davids and St. Afaph, and giving a recompence therefore to the bifhops of the said refpeftive diocefes; and for confirming several fetters patents granted by her Majesty for perpetually annexing a prebend of Gloucester to the mafter-lhip of Pembroke college in Oxford\ and a prebend of Rochester to the provoftftiip of Oriel college in Oxford ; and a prebend of Norwich to 2	the

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

tbe mafterthip of Catharine-Hall in Cambridge.

Cap. 7. To prevent the growth of fchifm, and for the further fecurity of the churches of England and Ireland, as by law eftabliihed.

Cap. 8. For encouraging the tobacco-trade.

Cap. 9. Tor laying additional duties on foap aod paper, and upon certain ilincns, folks, callicoes and fluffs, and upon ftarch and exported coals, and upon ftamp’d vellum, parchment and pqper, and for railing 1,400,000/. by way of a lottery for her Majesty’s fupply; and for allowances on exporting made wares of leather, fheep-ikins, aod lamb-fkins; and for diftribu-tion of 4000/. due to the officers and (cameo for gun-money; and to adjuft the property of tickets in former lotteries; and touching cer-tain {hares of dock in the capital of the South-Sea company; and for appropriating the monies granted to her Majesty.

Cap. 10. For railing the militia for the year 1714, although the month’s pay formerly advanced be not repaid ; and for rectifying a miftake in an ad pafled in this present fef-fion of parliament, intituled, An aSfortbe regulating tbe forces to be uothuud in her Majefifs firvice, and Jorpayment of the faidforces and their porters.

Cap. 11. Tp prevent the lifting her Majesty’s fubje&s to serve as fcldiers, without her Majesty’s licence.

Cap. 11. For the better maintenance of the curates within the church of England, and for preventing any ec-ckfiaftical persons from buying the next avoidance of any church-preferment.

Cap/13. To difchfcrgeand acquit the copsuffioners of equivalent for the sum of three hundred eighty one thou&pd £y$ hundred *nd nine

pounds fifteen shillings ten pence halfpenny, by them duly iflued out of the sum of three hundred ninety eight thousand eighty five pounds ten {hillings, which they received.

Cap. 14. For rendring more effectual an a& made in the third year of the reign of King James I. intituled. An act to prevent and avoid dangers whuh may grow by popijb recujants; and alfo one other a<ft made in the first year of the reign of their late ma-jefties King tVilliam and Queen Alary, intituled. An act to vef in the two univerfities the prefentatiens of benefices belonging to papijls; and for vefting in the lords of judiciary power to inflidt the fame punilh-ments againft jefuits, priefts, and other trafficking papifts, which the privy council of Scotland was im-powered to do bv an act pafled in the parliament of Scotland, intitul- v ed. An act for preventing the growth of Popery.

Cap. ic. For providing a publick reward for fuch person or persons as shall difeover the longitude at - fea.

Cap. 16. To reduce the rate of in-tereft, without any prejudice to . parliamentary fecurities.

Cap* 17. Forthefpeedy and effectual preferving the navigation of the river of Thames, by flopping the breach in the levels of Havering and Dagenham in the county gf Effex \ and for afeertaining the coal-mea-fure.

Cap. 18* For the preferving all (hips ■ and goods thereof, whieh ihall happen to be forced on (bore, or (handed upon the coafts of this kingdom, or any other of her Majesty’s dominions. .

Cap. 19. To explain a clause in an a<ft of parliament of the tenth year of her Majesty’s reign, for laying several duties upon all foap and paper made in Great Britain, nor imported into the (amc j and upon

s 3

A TABLE ofthc STATUTES.

chequered Abd ftriped linens ha-ported ; and upon certain filks, callicoes, linens and fluffs, printed, painted or ftained ; and upon several kinds of ftampt vellum, parchment and paper; and upon certain printed pamphlets and ad-vertifements, for railing the lum of X ,800,000/. by way of a lottery, and for other purposes in the said aft mentioned; fo far as the said aft relates to lawn's, canvas, buckrams, barras, and Silefia neckcloths.

Cap. 20. To explain and make more effeftual an act passed in the tenth year of her Majesty’s reign, for preventing abufes in making linen Cloth, and regulating the lengths and breadths, and equal fortirtg of yam in each piece made in Scotland, and for whitening the fame.

Cap. 21. To explain part of an aft made in the seventh year of her Majesty’s reign, (for enlarging the capital flock of the bank o f England, and for railing a further fupply to her Majeftv, for the service of the year 1709) fo far as the lame relates to unwrought incle, imported into this kingdom.

Cap. 22. To continue an aft of the sixth year of her Majesty’s reign, intituled, An act to enable her Ma~ jejly to male leafes and copies of offices, lands, and hereditaments, parcel of her dutchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the fame.

Cap. 23. For reducing the laws relating to rogues, vagabonds, fturdy beggars and vagrants, into one aa of parliament; and for the more cffeftual punilhing fuch rogues vagabonds, and fturdy beggars and vagrants, fending them whither they ought to be lent.

Private Afls.

Anno 12 Anna, Stat, %.

7.	A Na<( for the building a new church or chapel of eafe in

Greet Yarmouth in the county of Norfolk, by a duty or impofition on all coals, culm and cinders, to be landed there.

2.	An act for the repairing the highways between Shepard's Sherd ond Horfiey Upright Gate, leading down Begdon-bill in the county ofjWits, and other ruinous parts of highways thereunto adjacent*

3.	An act for repairing *the highway or road from the city of iVortefhr, to the borough of Dreitvnth in the county of Worcejier.

4.	An act for repairing the high ways between the Bear Inn in Reading, in the county of Berks, and a certain place catted Bumt^Eieid in die laid county.

5.	An act for fale of part of the, estate of Jofeph GlUver, gent, lying in the cgunty of Devon, and city of Exon, for payment of hk debts, and for making provision for maintenance and education of his dough-ter.

6.	An act for making more effeftual an act passed in the ninth year of her present Majesty’s reign, intituled, An act for ropoiri*g>tbe high* ways between Dunftable and Hockley in the county of Bedford.

7.	An act for making the river Nino or Nen, running from Northampton tb Peterborough, navigable. ;

8.	An act for vefting the icafe of the reftory of Cbefterfjeld m foe county of Derby, in tnmees, to bgfoldfor the payment of the debts of George Smith, efq; deceafed, ami for making provision for his daughter;

9.	An act for the fale of foe manor

and barton of Widdkombe, In thq county of Devon, oomprifed in the marriage-fettkment of Waiter Hole, gent, and Philippe his wife* and for railing and fecuring the frm of 1500/. for the benefit of the children of'foe said Walter and Philr tippe.	w

xo. An

A TABLE of the STATUTES,

ia An act for upholding and repairing the hridges and highways in the county ot Edinburgh.

ii.	An act for fale of the estate of Jobs Tregogle, efq; deceafed, lying m Oat counties or Devon and Com-tvoU, for payment of debts, and making provmon for his children.

J2. An act to make partition of the manor of Coithigham, alias Cotting-bm-Sanm, in the county of York, betweth Richard Wynne, efq; and Sarah his wife, and Jehu Barring-ton, efq.

13. An act for naturalizing Chrijlian William Kircboff.

14* Aau& for repairing and amending the highways between the town or village of Tittenfer, and the mod northern part of Tali on the Hill in But-Lone'm the county of Stafford.

*5, An act for making more effeftual an act passed in the 7th and 8th years of the reizn of nia late roa-jcftyKing William HI. intituled. An ait far ere&ing of hofpitals and vtoMomsm the city of Briftol, and forthr batter employing and maintaining the poor thereof

16.	An act for the more effeftual a-mending the highways leading from Rjtffton in the county of Hertford, td Wansfo/rd-Briige m the county ol&untjhgdoH-

17.	An zA for parting and enclosing two great open common fields, and a luge open greenfward common down? lying and being in the manor *ad:p*ri{h of Thormertoa, alias

in the county of Glou-apr^aaodtiot other purposes therein mentioned.

i&> An act for the ranking valid and efft&iml two several indentures of dtmife and .mortgage, eaecuted by Sermfc: late lord vifooupt How, in the kingdom of Ireland* deceafed, <byi virtue of a former aft of parliament, made for enabling him thereunto, notwithstanding fame defefts therein.

19.	An act for the (ale of fome out-parts of the estate of Simon Scroope, efq; in the counties of Tori and Nottingham, for payment of his debts, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

20.	An act for the fale of certain mef-fuages, lands, tenements and hereditaments, contained in the mar-riage-fettlement of Francis Cherry, gent, deceafed, and Elizabeth his wife, and for the converting the fame into ready money for the benefit of his wife and children; and for the fale of divers other manors, mefliiages, lands, tenements and hereditaments, for the payment of the debts of the (aid Francis Cherry, and of the debts of William Cherry, efq; deceafed, and other purposes in the said aft mentioned.

21.	An act for naturalizing Samuel Du Pree.

22.	An act to enable the right honourable Rachel lady Kindlon, an infant, to make a leafe of part of her jointure, notwithstanding her infancy.

23.	An act to enable the right honourable Richard earl of BeUamont, to fell certain lands in Ireland, for railing money to pOrchafe the jointure of Lucy Anne counted dowager of BeUamont, and for paying her daughter’s portion.

24.	An act for confirming a fettle-ment made on the marriage of the now lord vifeount Maffereen; and for better fecuring the jointure of his lady, and of Rachael vifeoun-tefs dowager Mqffereen-, and for veiling in truftees certain lands and tithes in Ireland, to be fold for the purposes therein mentioned.

25.	An act for veiling in Frederick Hamilton, efq; certain lands and Hereditaments, in the kingdom of Ireland, purchafcd by him of the executors of JoJeph foie, efq; deceafed, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

26.	An act to enable Sir Thomas Pen-dcrgajl, bart. an infant, to fell part of his eftatc lying in the county of WoUrfcrd in the kingdom of Ireland, tor the payment of his father’s debts, and other purposes therein mentioned.

27.	An'ad to impower the lord high treasurer of Great Britain, or com-miflioners of the treasury for the time being, to compound with Thomas Edwin of London, merchant, for fuch debts as he ftands bound for, as furety for Thomas Coleman, tobacco-merchant.

28.	An act to hnpower the lord high-treafurer of Great Britain, or the commiflioners of the treasury for the time being, to compound with Robert Wife and his fureties, for fuch debts as he owes to her Majesty, or ftands bound for as furety for customs of tobacco.

29.	An act for diflolving the marriage of Francis Loggia with Sarah Gardner, and to enable him to marry a-gain.

30.	An act to enable Ambrofe Brown, efq; and others, to make fale of the manor of Bayham in the counties of Suffix and Kent9 and to fettle other lands and tenements in the county of Surrey, to the fame ufes as the said manor of Bayham now ftands fettled.

3^ An act for vefting part of the filiate of TViUiam Brown, an infant, lying in the parifhes of Bridgewater, 'Northpetkcrton and Wef on-Zoyland in the county of Somerfet, in truftees,

. to be fold for payment of a mortgage, and other debts and legacies.

32.	An a<5t for fale of part of the estate late of Brereton Bourchier9 efq; deceafed, for payment of debts; and other purposes therein mentioned.

33.	An act for making effeftual an agreement made by the commissioners for building fifty new churches with John Walker, efq;

' for ground in the Strand to bupd one of the new churches upon.

34.	An act for naturalizing James Ey-' mer and others.

35.	An act for naturalizing Daniel Burr.

Anno 1 Georgii I. Stat. 1.

Cap. 1. For the better fopport of his Majesty’s houfhdd and of the honour and dignity of the crown of Great Britain.

Cap. 2. For redifyirtg miftakes in the names of the comrriiflioners for the land-tax for the year 1714. and for raifing fo much as is wanting to make up the sum of fourteen hundred thotifand pounds, intended to be raifedby a lottery for the publick service in the said year.

Cap. 3. To enable persons now reading in Great Britain, to take the oaths, and do all other afts m Great Britain, requifite to qualify them-felves to continue their refpeftive places, offices and employments in Ireland.

Anno 1 Georgii I. Stat. 2.

Cap. 1. For granting an aid to his Majesty; to be raised by a land-tax in Great Britain, for the service of the year 1715.

Cap. 2. For charging and continuing the duties on malt, mum, cyder and perry, for the service of the year 1715. and for making forth duplicates of Exchequer-biUs* and lottery-tickets, loft, burnt or de-ftroyed; and for enlarging the time for adjusting daims in several lotteries, and for making forth new orders in lieu of certain lottery-orders obliterated or defective; and for continuing certain duties on hops, until the first day of Augujl 1715-

Cap. 3. For the better regulating the forces tp be continued in his Majesty’s

Wly’s fervke, and for the payment of the said forces, and or their quarters.

Cap. 4. To explain the a£t made in the twelfth year of the reign of King William the Third, intituled", An act for the further limitation of the crown, and better fecuring the rights and liberties of the Jubjeft.

Cap. 5. For preventing tumults and riotous sflemblies, and for the more fpeedy * and effe&ual punching rioters.

Cap. 6. For making perpetual an ad of the seventh and eighth years of the reign of his late majesty King William the third, intituled. An aft that the folemn affirmation and declaration 0} the people called Quakers, JhaU be accepted inftead of an oath in the ufual form; and for explaining and enforcing the said a£t in relation to the payment of tithes and church rates; and for appointing . the form of an affirmation to be taken by the said people called . Quakers? inftead of the oath of abjuration.

Cap. 7. For continuing the imprifonment of Robert Blackburn, and others, for the horrid confpiracy to arffeflinate the person of his late : Jdcred majesty King William the Think

Cap. 8. To impower bis Majesty to fecure and detain fuch persons as bis Majesty shall fufpelt are conspiring againft his person and government.

Cap* 9. For the better preventing mutiny and defertion, by enforcing and making more effectual an a<ft of this prefect parliament, intituled, An act for the better regulating the forces to be continued in his Ma -jeftfs fervid* and for the payment of toe find forces and their quarters.

Cap. 10. For making more effectual her late Majeft/s gracious intentions for augmenting the maintenance of the poor clergy.

STATUTES.

Cap. 11. To restrain all waggoners, carriers, and others, from drawing any carriage with more than five horfes in length.

Cap. 12. For enlarging the fund of the governor and company of the bank of England, relating to Ex-

*	chequer-bills; and for fettling an additional revenue of one hundred and twenty thousand pounds per

•	annum upon his Majesty during his life, for the ferviee of the civil government; and for eftablUhing a certain fund of fifty four thousand fix hundred pounds per annum, in order to raise a fum not exceeding nine hundred and ten thousand pounds for the ferviee of the pub-lick, by fale of annuities, after the rate of fix pounds per centum per annum, redeemable by parliament; and for fatisfying an arrear for work and materials at Blenheim* incurred whilft that building was carried ojn at the expence of her late majesty Queen Anne of blefled memory; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 12. For the further fecurity of his Majesty’s person and government, and the fucceffion of the

*	crown in the heirs of the late prin*-cefs Sofhia* being proteftants ; and for extinguifliing the hopes of thef pretended prince of Wales* apd his open and fecret abettors.

Cap. 14. For making the militia of that part of Great Britain called

' England* more ufeful; and for o-bliging an annual account to be made of trophy- money.

Cap. 15. To make an a<£t of the tenth year of her late Majesty, intituled. An act for regulating, improving and encouraging of the woollen manufafture of mixt or medfy broad cloth, and for better payment of the poor employed therein, more effectual for the benefit of trade in general; and alfo to render more effie&ual an a6> of

•	the seventh year of her laid Ma-jetty’s reign, intituled, An act for the

better a/fertaining the lengths md breadths of woollen cleth made in the county of York.

Cap. x6. For the attainder of Henry vifcount Bolingbreke oi high trea-fon» unlefs he shall render hirafclf to justice by a day certain therein mentioned.

Cap. 17. For the attainder of James duke of Ormond of high treafqn, unlefs he shall render himfelf to justice by a day certain therein mentioned.

Cap. 18. For the better preventing nrefh fi(h taken by foreigner* being imported into this kingdom; and for the preservation of the tty of iifh; ana for the giving leave to import lobfters and turbets in fo-reign bottoms ; and for the better preservation of falmon within fe-veral rivers in that part of this kingdom called England.

Cap. 19. For raifing nine hundred and ten thousand pounds for pub-* lick Cervices, by (ale of annuities, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum* redeemable by parliament $ and to authorize a treaty concerning private rights claimed by the proprietors of the fogar-houfes in Scotland.

Cap. 20. For encouraging , all fuperi-ors, vaffals, landlords and tenants in Scotland, who do and shall continue in their duty and loyalty to his majesty King George; and for difeouraging aU fuperiors, vaflols, landlord* and tenants there, who have been or shall be guilty of rebellious practices againft bis said Majesty ; and for making void all fraudulent entails, tailzies and conveyances made there, for barring or excluding the effed of forfeitures that may have been, or shall he incurred tfiere on any fuch account ; as alfo for calling any fu~ fpeded person or persons, whose ritafos Of principal refidencc are in

STATUTES.

Scotland* to appear at Edinburgh* or where it lhall be judged expedient, to find bail for their good behaviour % and for the better difarmiag*J difaffe&ed persons in Scotland;

Cap. 21. For enlarging the capital ftock and yearly fond of the Someh-Sea company, and for fupplying thereby eight hundred.twenty two thousand thirty two pounds four

• shillings and eight pence, to pub-lick ules; and fee* raifing one hundred and sixty ninethoufand pounds for the like ufes, by (ale of annuities upon divers encouragements therein mentioned; and for appropriating several fupplies granted to his Majesty.

Cap. 22. For enabling his Majesty to fettle a revenue for fopporting the dignity of her royal highbeis the princefs, in cafe (he shall uirvive his royal highnels the prince of Wales.

Cap. 23. For making provision for the miniften of die fifty new churches, which are to be built in and about the cities of London and Weflminfier* and fuburbs thereof; and for rebuilding and finUhing the parish church of Saint Mary WoAmth in the city of London.

Cap. 24. For appointing the com-miflioners to take, examine and (late the debts due to the army.

Cap. 25. To prevent difturbantes by feamen, and others; and to pre-ferve the (lores belonging to his Majesty’s navy royal; and alio for explaining an ad for the better preventing the imbezHment of his Majesty’* (lores of war; and preventing cheats, frauds and tbufcs in paying feamens wages; and for reviving and continuing an ad for the more cffedual fupprdhon of piracy.

C*p. 26. For continuing several laws therein mentioned, relating to coals, hemp and flax, Irijh and Scotch linen, and the aflize of bread; and for givipg ppwer to adjourn the quarter feffions for the county of Jaglafea, for the purposes there -m mentioned,

Gap. 27. For taking and dating the debts doe and growing due to land ,by,way of equivalent in the . tbe terms or the union ; and for relief of the creditors of the pufaJick in Sttiiand, and the commissioners . of the equivalent.

Csp.ifl. For repealing an ad, intituled*	Ana&forreputing part tf an

affpgfidin tbe	pa Scotland,	.intituled.Ad for discharging

fayulcevacancc.

Cap. For allowing a time for two hNMtred and thirteen families of proteftant Palatines, now fettled in . Ireland, to take the oaths, in order to intitle them to all the benefits intended them bv tbe ad of die Seventh year of her late Majesty’s reign, for naturalizing foreign pro-

Cap.30. For continuing an ad of tbk present fefiaon of parliament, intituled,	An	aft t Ma-

jefoSofeaere and ■ as bis	Mqefly /ball Jufpeft art

jpiring	agatnjibis perfan and government.

Cap.31, For granting an aid to his . jigeftyby a. land-tax in Great Bri-tam, for the Service of die year • 1716.

Cap. ja. To attaint ^ithrearl of Marr, William Murray, efq; commonly catted . roarquifs of fames earl of	Linlithg, and James

Dnmmoad, efq; commonly called lord Drummond> of high treafon. Cap. 33. For the more eafy and fpeedty trial of ftich persons as have levied or shall levy war againft his Majesty,

Cap. 34. For preventing mutiny and (motion, and for the better payment ofthe army and their quarters. Cap. 33. To appoint a comroiffioner fan taking, examining and dating fa d?bt» due to the qrmy, in the

room of Thomas Smith efq; deceased ; and for continuing the former ad until the tenth day of Marth 1716.

Cap; 36. For charging and continuing the duties on malt, mum, eyder and perry, for the service of the year 1716. and for compelling several receivers to finifh and dear their accounts; and for making du-- plicates of Exchequer-bills, Ipttery-tickets and orders, loft, burnt or deftroyed; and for enlarging the time for adjusting claims to certain benefit tickets) and for allowing the Charge of executing the lottery ad, for the service of the year 1710; and for recovering monies of several land-taxes, retting in the hands . of colledors or conftsbles at St. Albans ; and for preventing frauds in the duties upon foap; and for litnit-. mg a timefor persons who have certain annuities for life or lives, to demand the payments thereupon . at the Exchequer; and for preventing frauds in the duties relating to printed and painted paper, callicoes and other things therein mentioned.

Cap. 37. To enable his Majesty to grant the regalities and lands now remaining in the crOwo in North Wales, and South Wales, and county of Chefler, to his royal' highnefs the prince of Wales in fiich manner and form as the principality of Wales and earldom of Cb/Jler have formerly been • granted to the princes of Wales; and alfo to emMe his said royal htgh-nefe to make leafes of lands, partel of his royal high nett's dutchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the feme.

Cap. 38. For enlarging the time of continuance of parliaments, appointed by an act made in the sixth year of the reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An act for the frequent meeting and calling of parliaments.

Cap. 39. To indemnify foch persons, who bave aCted in defence of his Maiefty’s person and government and for the preservation of the pub-lick peace of this kingdom, in and about the time of the late unnatural rebellion, from vexatious (hits and profecutions.

Cap. 40. For the free importation of cochineal, during the time therein limited.

Cap. 41. For giving liberty to persons who have ferved their appren-ticefhips to any part of the woollen manufacture in Cokbejler, to work at their trades, and at the making bays within the said town.	•

Cap. 42. For the attainder of George earl of Marijcball, William earl of Seaforth, James earl of Smthefque, James earl of Panmmr, and others, of high treafon, unlefs they shall render themselves to justice by a day certain therein mentioned.

Cap. 43. To continue duties for encouragmg the coinage of money,
and to charge the duties on fenna as a medicinal drug; and for the appropriatingSeveral fupplies granted to hb MajoAy.

Cap. 44. For the continuing the duty of two pennies Scots, or one sixth of a,penny sterling, on ever pint of ale and beer that mall be vended or fqld within the city of Glafgo/w and privileges thereof, for the benefit of the said city.

Cap. 45. For holding the affile for foe county of Cornwall, at a convenient place within the (aid county.

Cap. 46. To prevent the mifchiefs by manufacturing leaves or other things to refemble tobacco, and the abufes in making and mixing of fnnff.

Cap. 47. For the more effectual and exemplary punishment of such persons as shall seduce soldiers to desert, or who, being papists, shall inlist themselves in his Majesty’s service in Great Britain or Ireland, or in the islands of Jersey or Guernsey.

Cap. 48. To encourage the planting of timber-trees, fruit-trees and other trees, for ornament, shelter or profit, and for the better preservation of the same; and for the preventing the burning of woods.

Cap. 49. To revive and continue an act of the eighth and ninth years of the reign of his late majesty King William, for repair of the piers of Bridlington, alias Burlington, in the east-riding of the county of York.

Cap. 50. For appointing commissioners to enquire of the estates of certain traitors, and of popish recusants, and of estates given to superstitious uses, in order to raise money out of them severally for the use of the publick.

Cap. 51. For repealing so much of the act of the twelfth and thirteenth years of the reign of King William the Third, intituled, An act for the farther limitation of the crown, and better securing the rights and liberties of the subjects, as enacts, That no person, who should come to the possession of the crown, shall go out of the dominions of England, Scotland or Ireland, without consent of parliament.

Cap. 52. For making the laws for repairing the highways more effectual.

Cap. 53. For the attainder of Thomas Forster junior, esq; and William Mackintosh, esq; (commonly called brigadier Mackintosh) of high treason.

Cap. 54. For the more effectual securing the peace of the highlands in Scotland.

Cap. 55. To oblige papists to register their names and real estates.

Cap. 56. To disable any person from being chose a member of, or from sitting and voting in this house of commons, who has any pension for any number of years from the crown.

Cap. 57. For better regulating hackney-coaches, carts, drays, carrs and waggons, within the cities of London and Westminster, and the weekly bills of mortality; and for preventing mischiefs occasioned by the drivers riding upon such carts, drays, carrs and waggons.

Private Acts.

Anno 1 Georgii.

1.	An act to impower the barons of the court of Exchequer in Ireland, to grant a commiflion to fome per-ioos in England, to adminifter to Henry Temple, efq ; and Luke King, gentleman, the ufual oaths for the due execution of their office of remembrancer of the court of Exchequer in Ireland.

2.	An act to impower the barons of the court of Exchequer in Ireland, to grant a commiflion to fome of tbe barons of the court of Exchequer in England[, to adminifter to Thomas Hopkins, efq; the ufual oaths for the due execution of the office or offices of featcher, packer and gauger in the port of Dublin.

3.	An act for fettling the precedency of Robert marquifs of Lindfey, great chamberlainot England, when created a duke of Great Britainy and of iuch as shall fucceed to the said honour.

4.	An act for appointing persons to take care of the person and estate of John Digby, efq ; eldeft'fon and heir apparent of IVUliam lord Digby in the kingdom of Ireland.

5.	An act for verting in the warden and college of All-Jouls in Oxford, and their fucccflors, certain houses and ground belonging to the parish of St. Mary in Oxford•

6.	An act to impower the barons of the court of Exchequer in Iceland,

STATUTES/

to gram a commiflion to fome ptr~ fons in Great Britainy to adminifter to Henry Temple, efq; the ufual oaths for due execution of the office of chief remembrancer of the court of Exchequer in Ireland.

7.	An act for fale of part of the estate late of William Betts, gentleman, deceafed, for difcharging incumbrances thereupon; and for making good a fettlament by him made of other part of his eftate.

8.	An act to enable truftees to grant leafes of part of the lands devifed by the laft will and teftament of Thomas Trenchard, efq; deceafed.

9.	An act for relieving William Paterson, efq; out of the equivalent-mc*-ney, for what is due to him.

10.	An act to naturalize Florian Gee-bell, merchant.

11.	An act for naturalizing Herman. Meyer.

12.	An act for repairing the highways through the several parifhes of St. Michael, St. Albans, St. Peter, Shenley Ridge and South-Mims, in the counties of Hertford and Mid-dlefex.

13.	An act for confirming the fale of the reverfion of the manor of Barrington, by George earl of Cardigan, to Theophtlus Shelton, efq; and his heirs.

14.	An act for vefting in truftees part of the estate of Nicholas Fryjcfq ; deceafed, for payment of his debts.

15* An act to enable the right honourable Henry earl of Rochefter, and IVUliam lord vifcount Mount-joy in the kingdom of Ireland, to take the oaths of office for their re-fpcfttve offices in the said kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify themselves in England for the legal enjoyment of their said offices.

*6. An act for explaining an aft made in the ninth year of the reign of King William the Third, intituled, An atl for vefting part of the ejlate of Thomas Panton, efqtin

trujlees%

A TAftUE of the STATUTES,

truftees ^ to he foldfor payment of debts, cud fecuring a jointure to Mary his now wife; and for other purposes 'therein mentioned.

17.	An act for vefting certain manors and lands in the counties of Devon and Kent) the estate of Sir William Courtenay, baronet, in truftees, and their heirs, to be fold, and with the money arifmg thereby to purchafe other lands in the county of De-voO) contiguous to the feat of his family, to be fettled to the fame ufqes.

18.	An act to enable Sir Richard Wynche^ baronet, and Humphrey Wynche, efq; only fon and heir apparent of the said Sir Richard Wynche, to fettle a jointure upon fuch woman as the said Humphrey Wynche shall marry.

19.	An act to enable George Heneagey efq; to fell the reftory of North-Willingham, in the county of Lin-coin, and feme lands there, and for fctdirig rent-charges of greater value in lieu thereof, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

20.	An act to enable Richard Lee, an infant, with the confent of truftees, to grant leafes of forrte part of his eftate, notwithstanding his minority.

2f • An act for building and endowing a church upon the fite of the caftle of Liverpoole, held by a leafe from the dutchy of Lancaster ; and for the explaining a former aft for the building another church there.

An act for vefting the estate late of John Turner, efq ; deceafed, in truftees, to be fold for payment of his debts.

23.	An act for confirming a fale already made to Edmund Dummer, gentleman, of fome part, and for vefting other part of the estate of John Bromfield) efq; in the county of Southampton, comprized in the articles made upon his marriage with Anne his wife, in truftees, to

be fold for the payment of his debts ; and for fettling the remaining part thereof, as near as may be, to the intent of the said articles i and for making thereby, and bv other means in the aft mentioned, fome provision for the (aid John Bromfield and Anne his wife and their iflue.

24.	An act to make the river Kennet navigable from Reading to Newbury in the county of Beris.

25.	An act for repairing and amend-

ing the highways between Tyburn and Uxbridge in the county of Afid-diefex. ‘	‘

26.	An act to enable Richard lord

vifeount Rojfe of the kingdom of Ireland, notwithstanding his nonage, to fettle a jointure, on' Mary vjfcountefs Rojfe his wife, and make a fettlement on his iflue male, with provision for younger children, and for other purpbfes therein mentioned.	:

27.	An act for the relief of Anne Milner, Thomas Colmore> William Hunt, William Parrott, and others, as to customs of goods, burnt or deftroyed by the late fire in Thames-Street, London.

28.	An act to enable Sir Hungerford Hoskyns, baronet, to raise monies to difeharge his brothers and fillers portions, and to fettle a jointure on a wife.

29.	An act to enable Robert Cope, efq ; to fettle an additional jointure out of his estate on Elizabeth his now wife; and alfo to raise por^ tions and maintenances for his daughters and younger children by her; and to enable thofe in remainder to do the fame.

30.	An act for fale of part of the manor of Low-Laiton, in the county of EJfex, and other lands there; and for laying out the money arif-ing thereby in the purchafe of o-ther lands in the county of Lincoln, to be fettled to the fame ufei as the

£ud

A TABLE of the

laid part of the manor of Low-Laiton is fettled.

31.	An a ft to naturalize Frederica counteCs of Holderneft * Peter Gra-vier> Theodore Bouchur and Francis Moffett.

32.	An a6l to naturalize Robert de Vlteger, George Chrijium Luders, and others.

33.	An act for naturalizing Henry Cornelifen.

34.	Ari aft for veiling the honour and estate of John duke of Athol in James Murray, efq; commonly called lord James Murray, after the death of the said duke.

35.	Ah aft fbr the naturalization of Frederick Guliker.

36.	An act for naturalizing Gerrard Rotters.

37.	An act for continuing and making more effectual an act passed in the twelfth year of her late Majors reign, intituled. An act for repairing the highway or road from the Stones-End in the parish of St. Leonard Shoreditch, in the county f/’Middkfex, to the farthermof part of the northern road in the parish of Endfield, in the fame county, next to the parish of Che (hunt in the county #/Hertford.

38.	An act to enable his royal high-nefs George prince of Wales y to qualify himfelf in Great Britain for the legal enjoyment of the office of chancellor of the univerlity of Dublin in the kingdom of Ireland.

39.	Art aft to enatue Charles earl of Sunderland, and Henry earl of Ro~ thefter* to take in Great Britain the oath of office as vice-treafurer and receiver general, and paymafter general of all his Majesty’s revenues in the kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify themfelvcs for the enjoyment of the said offices.

46. An act to enable Richard earl of Burlington and Corky to take in England the oath of the office of high treasurer of Irdand% and to

STATUTES.

qualify himfelf here in England for the legal enjoyment of the said of*

■ ike.

41.	An act for veiling several manors, mefluaffes, lands, and henedita-ments Tate of Charles earl of Dorfet and Middlesexj whereof James late duke of Qrmondy at the time of hi$ attainder, was feifed, as furviving truftce named in the will of the said earl, in new trullees, and their heirs, upon the fame trulls.

42.	An act for explaining and making more effeftuai an aft patted in the twelfth year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anney intituled. An act for making the chapebj of Stockton in the county of Durham, a dijlinft parijh.

43.	An act for naturalizing Cafaer White.

44.	An act for the more effeftuai reverting and making void the attainder of Charles earl of Moults-field deceafed.

45.	An act to difeharge Sir Alexander Rigby, knight, from his imprifon-ment, ana veil his estate and ef-fefts in trullees for the benefit of his creditors.

46.	An act for veiling certain lands and tenements of Peter Sunderland, efq; in truftees, to be fold for payment of debts charged thereon before the making of his marriage-fetdement, and by virtue thereof.

47.	An act to enable Thomas Proftor of Rock, in the county of Northum-btrlandy efq; to raile the sum of four thousand pounds out of his eftate, for payment of his debts, and making provifiqn for his younger children.

48.	An act for naturalizing Erengird Melofine, baronefs of Scbuienburg*

Anno 3 Georgii I.

Cap. 1. To enable his Majesty effectually to prohibit or restrain commerce with Sweden.

Cap. 2. For punishing mutiny and desertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

Cap. 3. For granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax in Great Britain, for the service of the year 1717.

Cap. 4. For continuing the duties on malt, mum, cyder and perry, for the service of the year 1717. and to authorize allowances to be made to certain receivers, and to obviate a doubt concerning goods imported from the islands of Jersey, Guernsey, Sark and Alderney; and to ascertain the duties upon sheep-skins and lamb-skins; and to prevent frauds in the duties upon starch; and for making forth duplicates of Exchequer-bills, lottery-tickets and orders, lost, burnt or destroyed; and for enlarging the time for adjusting claims in several lotteries; and for preventing frauds in the duties on low-wines and spirits carried coastwise.

Cap. 5. For continuing the duty of two pennies Scots, or one sixth part of a penny sterling, on every pint of ale and beer that shall be vended or sold within the city of Edinburgh, and privileges thereof, for the benefit of the said city, and for discontinuing the payment of the dues commonly called the petty-port customs at Edinburgh, during the continuance of this act.

Cap. 6. For laying a duty of two pennies Scots, or one sixth part of a penny sterling, upon every pint of ale or beer that shall be vended or sold within the town of Dumfries, and privileges thereof, for paying the debts of the said town, and for building a church, and making a harbour there.

Cap. 7. For redeeming the yearly fund of the South-Sea company (being after the rate of six pounds per centum per annum) and settling on the said company a yearly fund after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, redeemable by parliament; and to raise for an annuity or annuities at five pounds per centum per annum, any sum, not exceeding two millions, to be employed in lessening the national debts and incumbrances, and for making the said new yearly fund and annuities to be hereafter redeemable in the time and manner thereby prescribed.

Cap. 8. For redeeming several funds of the governor and company of the bank of England, pursuant to former provisoes of redemption; and for securing to them several new funds and allowances redeemable by parliament; and for obliging them to advance further sums, not exceeding two millions five hundred thousand pounds, at five pounds per centum, as shall be found necessary to be employed in lessening the national debts and incumbrances; and for continuing certain provisions made for the expences of his Majesty’s civil government; and for payment of annuities formerly purchased at the rate of five pounds per centum; and for other purposes in this act mentioned.

Cap. 9. For redeeming the duties and revenues which were settled to pay off principal and interest on the orders made forth on four lottery-acts passed in the ninth and tenth years of her late Majesty’s reign; and for redeeming certain annuities payable on orders out of the hereditary excise, according to a former act in that behalf; and for establishing a general yearly fund, not only for the future payment of annuities at several rates, to be payable and transferrable at the bank of England, and redeemable by parliament, but also to raise monies for such proprietors of the said orders as shall choose to be paid their principal and arrears of interest in ready money; and for making good such other deficiencies and payments as in this act are mentioned; and for taking off the duties on linseed imported, and British linen exported.

Cap. 10. For the better collecting and levying the revenue of the tenths of the clergy.

Cap. 11. To explain and amend several laws therein mentioned for the better preservation of the game.

Cap. 12. To impower commissioners in commissions of bankrupts, issued since the four and twentieth day of June 1706, and on or before the six and twentieth day of June 1716, to make certificates for bankrupts, and the lord chancellor, lord keeper, commissioners of the great seal, or two judges, to confirm the same, notwithstanding the acts of the fourth and fifth, and the fifth of Queen Anne, are expired; and for continuing a clause in a former act for adjusting accounts between bankrupts and their debtors.

Cap. 13. For the better regulating of pilots for conducting of ships and vessels from Dover, Deal, and the isle of Thanet, up the rivers of Thames and Medway.

Cap. 14. To continue an act of the first year of his Majesty’s reign, intituled, An act for taking and stating the debts due and growing due to Scotland by way of equivalent, in the terms of the union ; and for relief of the creditors of the publick, and the commissioners of the equivalent.

Cap. 15. For the better regulating the office of sheriffs, and for ascertaining their fees, and the fees for suing out their patents, and passing their accounts.

Cap. 16. For the better enabling sheriffs to sue out their patents, and pass their accounts.

Cap. 17. To enable his Majesty to appoint commissioners to take, examine, state and determine the debts due to the army.

Cap. 18. For explaining an act passed the last session of parliament, intituled, An act to oblige papists to register their names and real estates and for enlarging the time for such registring, and for securing purchases, made by protestants.

Cap. 19. For the King’s most gracious, general, and free pardon.

Cap. 20. To enlarge the time for making claims before the commissioners appointed to inquire of the forfeited estates.

Cap. 21. For continuing the liberty of exporting Irish linen cloth to the British plantations in America duty-free; and for the more effectual discovery of and prosecuting such as shall unlawfully export wool and woollen manufactures from Ireland; and for relief of John Fletcher, in respect of the duty by him paid for a quantity of salt lost in the exportation for Ireland.

Private Afts.

Anno 3 Georgii. I.

1.	An act for enlarging the time granted by an act passed in the eighth year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne^ intituled. An act for making a convenient dock cr bafon at Liverpool,fecurity of all Jbips trading to andfrom the said port ^Liverpool.

2.	An act for naturalizing Ifaac Kuyci van Mierop.

3.	An act tor the preservation and improvement of the river Weary and port and haven of Sunderland^ in the county of Durham.

4.	An act for repairing the highways from several places therein mentioned, leading towards Highgate Gate-houfe and Hampflcady in the county of Middlesex \ and for electing truftees for keeping up a fufficient number for the repairing the highways upon the roads from Highgate Gate-kouje to Barnet Block-houfe; and alfo of the highways between Kilburne Bridge and Sparrows Herne, in the county of Hertford.

5. An act to enable the parithioners of the pari(h of St. Mary Rotber-bith in the county of Surrey (by certain funeral rates therein mentioned) to finifh the laid parilh church.

6.	An act for fettling the estates of the mod noble John duke of Rut-laniy and John Manners, efq; commonly called marquifs of Granby, fon and heir apparent of the said duke, on the marriage of the said marquifs of Granby with the honourable Bridget Sutton^ only child of the right honourable Robert lord Lexington, and Bridget Sutton therein mentioned, in truftees, to be fold for railing money for the marriage portion of the said Bridget Sutton•

7.	An act for confirming a partition lately made of the estate of Sir John Brownlowey bart. deceafed, in the counties of Lincoln, Yorky Middlesexy and Hertford, remaining unfold, and articles of agreement relating thereunto; and alfo the several conveyances made of the divided parts; and for making effedual a tine and recovery intended to be levied and fuffered of a fee-farm rent of twenty pounds per armumy part of the estate in the laid county of Hertford.

8.	An act to enable John Barrington, alias Shutey efq; and his ilfue male, to change their furname to Barring-tmy according to the Settlement of Francis Barrington, efq; deceafed.

9.	An act to impower the barons of the Exchequer in Ireland to grant a commilfion to fome of the barons of the Exchequer in England, to adminifter to Thomas Hopkins, efq; the oaths for die due execution of the office or offices of fearcher, packer and gauger in the port of the city of Dubfmy granted to him for his life.

10.	An act to enable Sujanna Catbe-rina Nugent, to fue tor, recover, and hold the portion of fourteen hundred pounds, provided for her out of her father’s eftate, notwithstanding her coverture and the outlawry of her hulband Hyacintbus Nugenty efq;

11.	An act to enable Fronds Fulford\ efq; and his first and other Tons fucceffively, to put in execution the power of granting leafes given by the laft will and teftament of Fronds Fulford, efq; deceafed.

12.	An act for veiling an estate kite of Sir Thomas Heathy knt. deceafed, in truftees, to be fold for payment of his debts and other ufes.

13.	An act for redifying defeds in a fettlement made by Robert Davts, efq; deceafed, of certain estates in the counties of Denbigh and Flint y and effedually fecuring the payment of his debts, and making proviiion for the younger children of Robert Davis his fon, and fettle-ing the laid estates fubjed thereto.

14.	An act for repairing the highways from that part of Counters Brtdge which lies in the parish of Kenfington in the county or Middle-fexy to the powder mills in the road to Stainsy and to Cranford Bridge in the said county in the road to Colnebrooke.

15.	An act for explaining and making more effedual the ads of the film and eighth years of her late majesty Queen Anney for amending the road between Hockley in the county of Bedford and Stony-Strat-ford in the county of Bucks.

j6. An act for (ale of part of the duke of Montague?$ eftate, for the intents and purposes therein mentioned. *

17. An act to enable Richard earl of Scarborough to take iri Great Britain xht oath of office as vice-trea-ibrer and receiver general and pay-niafter general of all his Majesty’s revenues in the kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify himfelf for the enjoyment of the (aid office.

18. An act to enable his Majesty to make prorifion for the refpedive wives and children of James late earl of Soutbefque, James late lord Drummond, the late Sir Hugh Pat er-fm of 'Bannockburn, and James Sterling late of Keir. ty An act to enable his Majesty to make fueh provision for, and fet-tlement upon, Margaret the wife of James late earl of Panmuir, as (be would have been intituled to in cafe her said hufband was naturally dead, jo- An to enable his Majesty to make provision for Margaret lady Nairn and her children, out of her paternal eftite, forfeited during the life of William Murray, late lord i Naim, her hufband.

ii.	An act for railing and paying the lady Amelia Butler a portion out of lands in Ireland.

22.	An act for confirming a partition made between Robert Dajhwood, cfq; and Chobnley Turner, efq; of certain manors, lands and hereditaments in the county of Own.

23.	An act for confirming an agreement made between John Wind, clerk, vicar of Thirkleby in the county of York, and Sir Thomas Frankland, bart. for exchange of the vicarage-boufe, and certain lands therein mentioned.

24.	An act for fale of the estate of Thomas Middleton, cfq ; deceaied, for the more fpeedy raifing of maintenance-money, and portions for hfc daughters, and for. the other purposes in the bill mentioned. •

25.	An act to enable Edward Rolt, efq; to exchange a certain parcel of wood-lands in thq county of

Hertford with John Boteler, efq; for other wood-lands of equal value in the said county, and for fettling the fame refpedively as therein mentioned.

26.	An act for veiling an estate at Corjham in Wilt/hire in the furviv-ing truftee, and executor of the lalt will of Henry Frederic Thynne,' efq; deceafed, and his heirs, to make fale thereof for the'execution of the trufts created by bis will.

27.	An act to enable Roger Stafford, * efq ; and his ifiue male, to.change their furname to Wollocombe, according to the will of Reger IVolk-eombe, efq; deceafed.

28.	An act for fale of the estate of John Stone the elder, and John Stone the younger, in the county of Suffix, for difeharging the incumbrances thereon, in refped of the

- infancy of . one of the coheirs of John Stone the younger, and for fe-curing the refidtie of the money as therein is mentioned.

29.	An act to enable William Newman, efq; to fell part of the estate included in his marriage-fettlement for payment of debts, and to fettle another estate in lieu thereof.

30.	An act for veiling in truilees the estate of Thomas Richmond, efq ; deceafed, in the county of Ejjex, to be fold for payment of his debts, legacies and funeral expences, according to the will of the (aid Thomas Richmond,

31.	An ad declaring the ufes of two several fines levied by John Cuffe, efq; and Margaret nis wife, to Jofepb Kelleyefq; deceaied, and

. Maurice Cuffe, efq; and the heirs of the said Jofepb Kelley, of certain lands and tithes in the counties of Down and Cavan in the kingdom of Ireland.

32.	An act to enable Patrick Wemys, efq; to fell certain houses in Dub* tin for payment of debts, and for the fettling lands in the county of Kilkenny, and cl fewhere, to the fame ufes to which the houses to be fold were fettled.

33.	An act to naturalize John Jacob Heldtj Theodore Van Jlhcden, and others.

Anno 4 Georgii I.

Cap. 1. For granting an aid to his Majesty, by a land-tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year 1718.

Cap. 2. To enable his Majesty to be governor of the South-Sea company.

Cap. 3. For continuing the duties on malt, mum, cyder and perry, for the service of the year 1718; and for making forth duplicates of Exchequer-bills, and lottery-tickets and orders, lost, burnt or destroyed; and for appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament.

Cap. 4. For punishing mutiny and desertion, and for the better payment of the army, and their quarters.

Cap. 5. For finishing the tower of the parish church of St. Michael Cornhill, London, out of the duties arising pursuant to the act of the ninth year of the late Queen, for building fifty new churches in and about the cities of London and Westminster, and the suburbs thereof.

Cap. 6. For relief of the wholesale traders and dealers in English bone-lace, by obviating several doubts in the several acts for iicensing hawkers and pedlars.

Cap. 7. For making more effectual an act made in the eighth year of the reign of the late Queen Anne, intituled, An act for employing the manufacturers by encouraging the consumption of raw silk and Mohair yarn.

Cap. 8. For vesting the forfeited estates in Great Britain and Ireland, in trustees, to be fold for the use of the public; and for giving relief to lawful creditors, by determining the claims; and for the more effectual bringing into the respective Exchequers the rents and profits of the said estates, till sold.

Cap. 9. To appoint commissioners to take, examine, state and determine the debts due to the army, and to examine and state the demands of several foreign princes and states for subsidies during the late war.

Cap. 10. For making the dividend of subscribed lottery annuities, and other annuities established by several acts of parliament, payable half-yearly at the bank of England.

Cap. 11. For the further preventing robbery, burglary and other felonies, and for the more effectual transportation of felons, and unlawful exporters of wool; and for declaring the law upon some points relating to pirates.

Cap. 12. For inforcing and making perpetual an act, of the twelfth year of her late Majesty, intituled, An act for the preserving of all such ships and goods thereof, which shall happen to be forced on shore, or stranded upon the coast of this kingdom, or any other of her Majesty's dominions; and for inflicting the punimment of death on such as shall wilfully burn or destroy ships.

Cap, 13. For enlarging the term of years granted by the acts of the eleventh and twelfth years of King William the Third, and second and third years of Queen Anne, for the repair of Dover harbour.

Cap. 14. To impower the commissioners appointed to put in execution the act of the ninth and tenth years of her late Majesty’s reign, for building fifty new churches in and about the cities of London and Westminster, and suburbs thereof, to direct the parish church of St. Giles in the Fields in the county of Middlesex, to be rebuilt, instead of one of the said fifty new churches.

Private acts.

Anno 4 Georgii. I.

I. An aftte eqabl,e George Bull* eftj 5 and his i Ate male, to change thtir furname tQ the furname of Dpding-ten.

%. An act for naturalizing Abraham Beetefeur.

3. An act for the better explaining Jemal afts therein mentioned, for crcftiag of hofokals and work-hoefes within the city of Brijlol, for the imploying and maintaining . the poor Usereof, and for making the laid afts more effeftpalf f An act for amending the rpads ; from the city of London, tQ the town of Ert-Grinltfiad in the county of Suffix, and tp the towns | of Sutton aod Ktagfion in the county 1 ofSKrro^ 1..

5* An act for repairing the highways 1 hading from the .ftoneo-end of Ktnt-ftrtet in the parish of St. Gunge91 Southwark in the county of Surrey, to the Jimerkilns in Bpfi-^iGtamUh, near Black-Heath, andTto Lewijbam church, being the T\in-, bridge road* xm the county of Kenfc

6.	An act for repairing .the highways train Maidenhead* Bridge to Sunning-km end (next to Twiford) in the imdto Reading» and from the said bridge to 'Henley Bridge in :the county of Berks. •

7.	An act for repairing the highways from Crown Corner in the town of Reading (leading by 3nd through the several parifhes of Shin field and Heckfield in the several counties of Berks, Wilts and fyuthampton) to Bafingfioke ip the said county of Southampton.

8.	An act for fettling the estates of the moft noble William duke of Ptvonjbjre, and William Cayendijh,
efq$ commonly called marquifs of Hartington, fon and heir apparent of the said duke, on tire marriage of the said marquifs of Hartington, with Catherine Hoskins, fpinfter, only child of John Hoskins, efq$ de-ceafed.

g. An to enable Henry duke of Kent, and Aphony Grey, efq; commonly called earl of Harrold, to . make jointures for the wife or • wives of! the said earl of Harrold, .. apd for other purposes therein mentioned.	t

|0. An act for vefting the manor of EJber Wateruile, and other lajpds therein mentioned, in the moft noble Thomas Holley duke of New* tafile, and his heirs, in confidcrii-/ tion of rent-charges to be iffuing out of the feme and pthep- lands, .in ljeu thereof to the ufe of *he_ corporation bf Kingfton uponThames in the county of Surrey, in truft for the poor of tjii said town, xi. An aft t# enable Riehardearl of Burlington to make leafes of a piece of ground behind Burlingtori-boufe.

12.	An act for confirming the refpec-tive feles of a fee-farm renf, and divers lands, tenements and Mrc~ ditanjeitfs in the county oi Bedford, lately made by ;the right honourable John lord Carteretf , and William Hildprjfon, efos to eachothef, and to difoh^uge .the feiyie from - divers estates, terms and trufts, to %y are refpeftivdy liable by Several fettlements made thereof.

13.	An act for vefting the great tithes and glebe-lands belonging to the reftory of Saxby in the county of Leicefier. in the right honourable - Bennet -lord Harborough, and his heirs, in lieu of other lands and an annuity, to be fettled on the reftor of the said church, and his fucceflors for ever, and for o-ther purposes therein mentioned.

A TABLE of the STATUTES

14. An act for fale of part of the estate of John late can of Kildare, deceafed, towards payment of his debts, and for other the purposes therein mentioned.

15.	An act for eftabliftiing the dispofition of the perfonal estate of Sir Benjamin Bathurjl, deceafed, and the fettlements on his three fons under his will, and exchanging cround-rrents in Wapping in Middlesex for another rent of like value, and other purposes therein mentioned.

16.	An act for the better enabling the honourable James Bertie, efq; to raise portions for his younger children.

17.	An act for making more efFeftual certain articles of agreement between Sir George Downing,, baronet, and dame Mary, eldeft daughter of Sir William Forefter, knt. and her truftees.

18. An act for confirming an agreement between dame Elizabeth Napier, Sir Theophilus Napier, baronet, Archibald Napier and Edward Napier, the relift and fons of Sir John Napier, deceafed, touching his real and perfonal eftate, for vefting his lands and hereditaments in the counties of Bedford and Hertford in truftees, for the better performance of the said agreement.

19. An act for vefting divers lands and tenements in the county of Suffex, part of the estate of Charles pyersfieldy efq; in truftees, for a present provision for his fon, and tor the payment of the debts of the said Charles Eversfield.

20.	An act for fale of part of the estate late of Jofeph Thurfton, efq; deceafed, lying in the counties of Suffolk and Ejfex, for payment of his debts, and making provision for his infant children.

21.	An act for the exonerating and difeharging the manors, lands and hereditaments of Francis Cornwall, efq; and likewife the said Francis Cornwall, of and from certain articles of agreement made before the marriage of the said Francis Cornwall.

22.	An act to enable Ralph Shippari-fon, efq $ to make fele of his estate in Studley Roger in the county of York, freed from the ufes and trufts in the said Ralph Shippardfotts mar-riage-fettlemem, and to fettle his estate at Eajt Murton in the county of Durham to the fame ufes.

23.	An act to enable the lords com* miftioners of the treasury, or lord high treasurer for the time being;, to compound with Mr. John Offtty for the debt he (lands engaged for to the crown for the duties on tobacco.

2%. An act to naturalize Peter Rife* and others.

25. An act to naturalize Martin Lu-dolph, TJlrick Janfen, John Ludolpb Spellerbergh, John Speiker and LfiU" rence Gundeloah.

The End of the TABLE*

THE

STATUTES at Large, tic.

Anno Regni ANNAS Regime Magrtce

nice,Francice, &	Hibe	•

AT the parliament begun and bolden at Weft-miftflter the twenty-fifth day of November,

Anno Dom. 1710.	in the ninth year of the reign of

nr	fovereign lady	Anne, by the grace of , of

Great Britain, France, and Ireland,	defender of	the faith, &c. being	t of this

prefent	parliament} and from thence continued by

fever al prorogations to the feventb day of December, one tboufand seven hundred' and eleven-, being the second session of this present parli from thence continued by several prorogations to the ninth day of April, one tboufand seven hundred and thirteen	(a)i being the	third feffionof this &**•

liament,	and continued

-	by federal ad-

jovnntaU till the fixteenth day of July in the twelfth year of her Majesty Y reign*

CAP. I.

Afl aft for granting an aid to her Majesty*, to be raised by a land-tax in GruU-Britabty for the service of* the year one thousand seven hundred and thirteen* E X P. as. in tbt pound.

I	CAP. II.

An aB for granting to her	Majtfty duties upon '

I cyder and pefry, for the service of the year one thoufand

feven hundred and thirteen ; and for making forth dupU- lj cates of lottery tickets, loft, burnt,	and	/erc.Vand*’

enlarging the time for adjusting claims in fever al lottery s Geo.*, «. *« u8s and to puntfh the counterfeiting or forging tf lottery orders\and for explaining a late in relation to ftamp duties on cuftomary estates,. which pafs by deed and copy.

MOST gracious fovereign, we your Majesty’s moll dutiful and loyal fubje&s, the commons of Great Britain af-Jetnbled in parliament, towards railing fucb fuppltes as are and Voi. XIII,.	B	.	may



J

2	Anno duodecimo Anna.. c. 2.	£171	y,

may be neceflary to defray ybur Majesty’s publick expcncesr do humbly present your Majesty with the gift of the several rates, duties, and impofitiorfs herein after mentioned} and do be-* feech your Majesty that it may be enacted : and *be it enaAerf by the Queen’s moft excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the *3 June 1713, fame, That there shall be raifed^ levied, collected, paid, aod ° viz! latisfied, unto and for the ufe of her Majesty, her heirs and fac* ceflbrs, for and upon, all malt, mum, cyder and perry, the. several and refpe&ive rates, duties and impolitiohs herein after mentioned; (that is to fay) for every bufhel of malt which at any time or times, from Smd after the twenty-third day of Malt made in	one thousand seven hundred and thirteen, and before the

England 6d. twenty-fourth day of Junt, which shall be in the year of our per bulhei. Lord one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, shall be made of barley* or any other corn or grain, within that part*of Girtat Britain called England, Wdles^ and the town of Berwick upor\ Tweedy by any person or persons whatfoever, (whether the fame be or be not for fale) the sum of (ix pence, and To proportionally for a greater or lefler quantity, to be paid by the maker or Mnlt made in fakers thereof refpedtively : for every bufhel of malt which at Scotland 6d. any time or times, from and after the twenty-third day of June> * per bumeL one thousand seven hundred and thirteen, and before the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and fourteen-, shall be madeof barky, or any other corn or grain, in that part ©f Great Britain called Scotland, by any person or persons whatfoever, (whether the fame be or be not for fale) the sum of fix pence, and foproportionably for a greater or lefler quantity, to be alfo paid by the maker or makers thereof refpe&ively: foe Mum 10a. per every barrel of mum, which at anytime or times, from and after the (aid twenty-third day of June one thousand fevpn hundred and thirteen, and before the said twenty-fourth day i>f June one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, shall be made or imported within the said kingdom of Great Britain, the sum of ten shillings, over and above all present duties payable for the fame, and fo proportionally for a greater or lefler quantity, to be paid by the maker or importer thereof refpectively : and for all cyder and perry, which at any time or times, from and after the said twenty-third day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirteen, and before the said twenty-fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and fourteeen, shall be made ifor (ale within the said kingdom of Great Britain, (over and above all other duties payable for cyder and perry made and fold by retail) the sum of four shillings for every hogfhead, 4nd fo in proportion for a greater or lefler quantity, to be paijl by the first buyer or retailer thereof.

* II. And for the avoiding of difputes in charging the duties upon cyder and perry, be it enabled and declared. That every or perry deem- person who shall buy any cyder or perry, or any fruit to make cd retailers,	Cydcr or perry, and (haU fell any of the cyder or petty fo

bought

barrel.

Cyder and perry 4«. per iiogmead.

All persons felling cyder

Duties on malt, mum, cyder and perry, from



i;is-]	Anno duodecimo Ann-®, c.-e.	3

bought or made, by the hogfhead, or any greater or lefler meafure, (hall, during the. continuance ot this a£t, and no longer, be deemed and taken to be a retaifer of cyder and perry, and shall be chargeable with the duties of all fuch cyder and perry.

III.	And for the better afcertaining, charging, levying and . collecting of all the said several and refpe&ive duties hereby

granted, be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid. That Duties to be all and every the said duties and impofitions by this adt granted under the or impofed, as well upon malt, as upon mum, cyder and perry, nagement of Ihall, from time to time, during the continuance of this ad, be within the receipt, management and government of the several Cl(e> chief commifliooers and governors of the receipt of excife upon 1 beer, ale, and other liquors, for the time being, in Great I Britain refpedtively; and that all inferior officers, whether they be fubcommiffioners, colleftors, fupervifors, gagers, or others, that are or shall be conftituted or appointed for levying, receiving, cofle&ing, or anfwering of her Majesty’s duties of excife upon beer, ale, and other liquors, (hall, within the refpedive limits or diftri&s, or in the several places or ftations to which they are or shall be appointed, be alfo the fubcommiffioners, collectors, fupervifors, gagers, or other officers refpedively, for the several duties by this ad granted ; neverthelefs, under the government and diredion of the said refpedive chief com-miffioners of excife for the time being, or the major part of them, who have hereby power to difmifs or alter them, or any of them, and to make and cohftitute, from time to time, fuch ' and fo many inferior officers, for the said duties hereby granted, and every or any of them, as to the said refpedive chief com-miflioners for the time being, or the major part of them, shall feem meet.

IV.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, officers may That all and every the said gagers and officers which are or shall enter malt-be fo conftituted and appointed, shall at all times in the day- houfes, &c. time be permitted, upon their requeft, to enter the houfe, mafthoufe, and all other places whatfoever, belonging to or

ufed by any person or persons whatfoever, who at any time or

times, from and after the said twenty-third day of June one

thoufand seven hundred and thirteen, and before the faid

twenty-fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and

fourteen, shall make any malt (either for fale or not for fale)

and to gage all cifterns, uting-fats, utenfils, and other veflels and gage cif-

ufed by any fuch malfter, or maker of malt, for the wetting or terns,

fteeping of any barley, or other com or grain for the making of

malt, and to gage, meafure, arid take an account of the iuft

quantity of the barley, and other corn or grain which shall be

found wettiqg or fteeping in any fuch uting-fat, utenfil, ciftern,

or other veflel, or shall have been wetted or deeped in them, or

any of them, for the making of malt; and shall thereof make amj maJce re-

rctura of report in writing to the said commiflioners, or fuch port to the

olher person or persons as they shall appoint to receive the fame, commiflion-

B 2	leaving	crs>	*c*



Penalty on maltters. &c. reftifing to permit officer, ftol.

Mai (ter once a month to make an entry at the ex-cile office.

and to dear off the duties in three, months after.

Penalty on vnalfters refilling to pay, &c.

Malt to be meaftired by the Winchtft er buihel.

Thedimen-fions thereof.

Anno duodecimo ANN-®. C. 2.	[171^*

leaving a true copy of fuch report iri writing under his barrel with fuch malftei1 or maker of malt; and fuch report or return of the (ak|.gagers ihall he a .chabge upon fuch malfters or makers of malt refpeltively : arid if any fuch malfter or other perfon, making malt for iale or private ufe, shall refufe to permit any fuch gager or officer to enter his houfc, or other place aforementioned, or to tneafure, compute and take an account of all his malt, and to gage all and every fuch uting-fatt, utend9* ciftems, and other vctTels, and to gage and take an account of his barley, or orher corn or grain in any fuch ciftern, uting-fat, utenfll or other vcflcl, or which (half have been fteeped or wetted, and shall be upon any floor or other place, every fuch malfter or other person shall forfeit and lofe tor every filch offence the sum of twenty pounds : and that from and after the Aid twenty-third day of June one thousand (even hundred and thirteen, during the continuance of this alt, every malfter or other person making malt, (for fale or not for fale) shall monthly slnd every month make a true entry at the said office of excite Of all the malt made in fuch month refpellively, on pain to forfeit for every fuch neglelt the sum of ten pounds.

V.	And be it further enalted by the authority aforefaid.

That every fuch malfter or other maker of malt, (hall, within three months after he shall make or ought to have made fuch entry, as aforefaid, pay and clear off all the said duties which shall be due from him or them refpeltively.	.	.

VI.	And be it further enalted, That every fuch malfter or Other person chargeable with the said duties, who shall neglelt or refufe to make fuch payment, as aforefaid, shall forfeit and lofe for every fuch offence double the sum of the said duty, whereof the payment shall be fo refufed or jieglelted : and that np fuch malfter or other perfon, after fuch default made, shall feil, deliver or carry out any malt, until he hath paid and cleared off his duty, as aforefaid, on pain to forfeit double the value of fuch malt fo delivered and carried out.

VII.	And for the avoiding all difputes touching the returns made or to be made by the gagers of any malt, as aforefaid, be it enalted and declared by the authority aforefaid. That by the buihel, in this alt mentioned, is meant and intended a buihel according to the ftandard remaining in the cuftody of the chamberlains of her Majesty’s Exchequer, commonly called or known by the name of the JViruhJler bufhel 5 and that the quantity of barley, or other com or grain taken by the gage, according to fuch buftid, in any ciftem, uting-fat, utenfi, or other veflel, wherein fuch barley, or other corn or grain shall be found wetting or fteeping, or which shall be found to have been wetted or fteeped for the making of malt, (haH be charged and returned by the gager as fo many bu(hels of malt: and that every round bufhel with a plain and even bottom, being made eighteen inches and a half wide throughout, and eight .inches deep, shall be efteemed a legal Itfmbeflir bpfhd* according to the said ftandard.

VIIL And

?7!3*3

Anno duodecimo Anna, c. i.

VflI. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. Power*, &c. That all and every the powers, authorities, directions, rules, methods, penalties and forfeitures, claufes, matters and things, £c> 10 which in lmdby an act made in the twelfth year of King	'

the Second, intituled, An act for fating away the court of wards md iberits, arid tenures in capite, and hy knigjst , and veyance, mi far fettling a revenue upon bis	in lieu

or fey any'other law now in force, relating to her Majesty’s revenue of excift upon beer, ale, or other liquors, are provided, fettled or eftablifhed, for raifing, levving, collecting or recovering, adjudging or afcertaining the duties thereby granted, or any <tthem, (other than in fuch cafes for which other penal-ties or provisions are made and prefcribed by this ad) shall be enrrifed, pradifed, applied, ufed and pot in execution, in and fix the raifing, levying, colleding, recovering and paying as well the (hid duties upon malt, as the said several duties upon mom, cyder and perry, hereby granted, during the continu-anceof tnis ad, as fully and effedually, to all intents and pur-pofes, as if all and every the said powers, authorities, rules, di-rtftions, methods, penuries, forfeitures, claufes, matters and things were particularly repeated, and again enaded in the body of this pfefent ad.

IX.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Fine*, gee. That all fines, penalties and forfeitures by this ad impofed, how to be re-(hall he fued for, levied and recovered or mitigated, by fuch covered, ways, means and methods, as any fine, penalty or forfeiture is

or may be recovered or mitigated by any law or laws of excife, or by adion of debt, bill, plaint or information in any of her Majesty’s courts of record at Wefinunfier, or in the court of fef-bon, court of judiciary, or court pf Exchequer in Scotland re-feeffively: and that one moiety of eve rtfuch fine, penalty and forfeiture, shall be to her Majesty, or her heirs ana fucceflors, and the other moiety to him or them that shall difeover, inform, or file for the lame.

X.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That Malt fubjeft il]malt in the cuftody of any maker of malt, shall be liable and 1°the duties fabjcd to, and are hereby made chargeable with all and (ingularin arrear" the debts and duties of malt in arrear and owing by any perfon

or serfons, for any malt made by-fuch malfter, or within his mafthoufe, and shall alfo be fubjed to all 'penalties and forfeited* incurred by fuch person or. persons fo ufing fuch malt-hoefe for any offence againft the laws relating to the duties on salt; and that it shall be lawful in all cafes to levy debts and penalties, and to ufe fuch proceedings againft fuch malt, as it nor be lawful to do in cafe the debtor or offender were the true and reaf owner of the fame malt.

XL And whereas many, of her Mdieftfs fubjefls do make malty

not it JeUor make any profit thereof, hut to be confumed in their own private families only; For the center accommodation of fuch persons, it is hereby further enaded and provided by the authority afprefiud, That the bid refpedive comaufiioncrs of excife

B 3	for



Compounders to pay. 5s. per head, per annum.

and not liable to the duty, nor to the lur-vey of the ga-

Penalty on felling malt after competition*

Compounders to continue their competition, &c. before 24 June ,7I3*

or liable to the duty. See.

Anno duodecimo Annjb. c. i\	\ 1713.

for the time being, or the major part of them refpeftively, or fuch person or persons as they, or the major part of them, shall refpeftively appoint for that purpofe, and in default of fuch appointment, then the collector and fupervifor for the dlf-trift and diviiion, within. which fuch peifon doth Or shall inhabit, shall and may compound and agree with fuch person dr persons for the said duties of fuch malt, which shall grow due or payable from him, her. Or them, by this aft, from the commencement thereof, until the end of the term hereby granted, at the rate of five shillings per annum for every head, which at any time or times, during the continuance of fuch competition, shall be of the family of fuch person or persons refpec-tively, and to receive fuch compofition-money, or to take fe-curity for the payment thereof quarterly ; and that the houfeS, out-houfes, malthoufes, or other places of fuch particular persons making fuch compofition and agreement, and paying fuch compofition in money, or giving fuch fecurity, and duly complying with their payments thereupon, shall not be liable to the (aid duty of fix pence per bufhel upon malt, or to the furvey dr fearch ot any gager or officer of the excife, for or by reafon ox hfs or their making fuch malt, as aforefaid*

XII.	Provided, That if any fuch perfon, after fuch compofition made, shall fell, exchange, barter, or deliver out any malt to any other person or persons, or shall permit any Other person or persons, to make any malt in his, her, or their hdufes or outhoufes, or shall fell any beer, ale, or other liquors made 6f malt, or shall have more persons of their families than they shall fo compound for, without giving notice of them to the next office of excife, at or before the next quarter-day, and paying or fecuring the like competitions for them, then CVeCy fuch person shall forfeit the sum of five pounds, fo be recovered and diftributed, as aforesaid ; and after any fuCh offende ^committed, shall lofc the benefit of his, her, or their com po-tition, and shall be liable to the said duty of fix pence a-bu/hel upon malt, and to the furvey and fearch of the said officers, as if no fuch compofition had been made; and for every bufhel of malt fo fraudulently fold, exchanged, bartered, delivered out, or fraudulently made, every fuch person shall forfeit the (run of twenty (hillings; any thing in this aft to the contrary notwitH-ftanding.

XIII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefifid. That all and every fuch person and persons, who by virtue, or in purfuance of any former aft for hying duties upon trralt, mum, cyder and perry, have made or fhafl-tnake any competition (fill in being, tor the duties of their malt, (half on'or before the four and twentieth day of June the thoufend seven hundred and thirteen, continue fuch their compofition for the duties hereby granted, and pay the compofition money,' of give bond for the fame, according to the purport, true intent, and meaning of this prefont aft, or in default thereof shall be, and are hereby charged and made liable Ho *pay unto berMajfcfty,

6	^	her



Amo 4wpc}#ciino A!fWi$. c. 2.	,7

htrlctf6 and Aicsocfbr», the Am» of fix pence for every bufhel of {Halt which he* (he, or they* or any other peribn or persons in trull for him, her, or them, shall be pofleffed of, on the said four and twentieth 4&V of June om thoufend seven hundred and thirteen; and (that ail andjevcry (uch person and peribns whp hwc, or ha|h, or (hail make fuch compofition for their fakfduties on malt, in purfuanceof the (aid former ads, or any of them, aod who shall make default in continuing fuch their	*

cosapofition, as aforefaid, shall onorhefore the tenth day of Jufr one thpufaad seven hundred and thirteen, make true and particular entries pf all fuch,malt as they, or any of them, or any other person or persons in truft for them, or any of them,

(hail he pofleffed. pf, or have in his, or their cuftody or pof-faffion, at the office of excife within the limits of which they ffiaUrefeefitively inhabit, upon pain to forfeit the sum of fifty pounds and the mak, of which no fuch entry shall be made; and within fix days after he, (he, or they fhaU have made, or ought to have made fuch entry, as aforefaid, (hall, pay down die da ties hereby charged upon the fame, or in.defatilt thereof (bad forfeit and lofe double the value of the feid malt; and that the houfes, out-houfes, and other places belonging to fuch empounders, who (hail make default in continuing fuch their eompofitions,as aforefaid, shall be and are hereby made liable (to ffie feared* and view of the officers for the laid duties, in the time gunner, and under the feme penalties for refufal, as other .perfons yaking malt for fale are liable.

XhV. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, Malt damaged That from and after .the said three and twentieth day of June by the cafhng .oae tboufand seven hundred and thirteen, and after the duty -by thisaft impofed on malt is paid by the malfter, if any quan- ’ tiWof malt fiball unfortunately happen to be damaged by the caning away ,or finking of the barge or veflel in which the said fnalt ;Siall be tranfported from one part of this kingdom to ano-,tl*r within thei faipe. That the juftices of the peace of the county, riding, or divifion, where fuch accident shall happen,

(hall at the next general quarter-feffions to be held for fuch juftices to decounty, riding, or divifion, upon proof of (uch damage, and termine the of payment or the duty, as aforefaid, determine and fettle the damage, fcc. fquantity of the damage done to fuch malt by the calling away or finking of the barge or veflel in which the fame shall be transported, a* aforefaid, and an allowance to be made in refpedt thereof,, apd to give a certificate under their hands and feals of the fum allowed, which allowance shall bear the fame proportionate the whole duty, as the said damage shall appear to bear to<the value of the (aid malt before it was fo damaged ; upon producing of which certificate to the officer appointed to collect and officer to the said (duty, he shall be obliged to repay or allow to the said ^P^ thc l*u* proprietor or proprietors, out of theduty paid for the (aid malt,ty>

So much money as the fum certified by the said juftices shall -amount unto, or in default thereof, that the proprietor or pro-prictors-o£ thesaid malt shall and may deduft the allowance fo

B 4	certified



s

Anno daodoaftip An w». c.«.‘	{1715-

certified eat of the next at oaf odlerfiibfoqottt'Tbbhies becoming due from fijch proprietor or proprietors byyirtOe of this preftnt aft.	»*■'

.	XV. Provided always, and it is hertby eftadted by the au-

kftwith the *hority afbrefaid. That Where any fuch loft or damage (MI collector three happen, as afbrefaid,: the person or periods who (had MUb days before the fame, (hail, three days at leaft before the next iqtMreer-M^> flutter-fef. fions, give or leave notice in writing thereof withthe eolld&nf* l®"'*	bf excite of the diftridt or eoHedbon where fuch lofcor dnritfc

fhall happen, and of his and their intention of applying at the next general quarter-Ceflions of the peace fof an allowance in refpeCT of fuch -damage or lofs.	?	;	I*

No malft;r XVI. And whereas meaty maljlers and makers of	in erfo? $c

to mis corn the defrauding her Majeffy of the duty, and preventing the aflkutf Sith^ nrof*firm taking and keeping a true aciount of the torn of grain'd*} than another wet-	fttepiug and Jlteped, and making into malty do in thi abfente -tf the

ting, on for- • offittrs remove part of their tom or grain out of the ciflern trwetthfg fat-> and mix the fame with com or grain of a former ivettingy' ’and per bufliei, fupply the plate of the tom or grain fo removed with	or

grainy and do ajfo mix their fevetouthes and floors* in filth mkuo-nef that the officers for the duties cannot difiihgmjb one Wetting ■ from another i for remedy whereof, be it further enacted by j the authority afbrefaid, That during the continuance of the alto-ties. hereby granted, no malfter or maker of malt, other thab compounders for the laid duties, (hall, daring the contmtranee of the said duties, mix, or caufe to be mixed; Mty hen, *or their ' -	•	te'ofn or-grain linking into malt, of one wetting or fteopfog, or

any pare thereof, with his, her, or their corn or gram making into malt, of a former wetting or fteeping,- or any parr thereat, -before the fame is put on the kiln for drying, on pain of fbr-ftiture of the sum of five shillings for every bttfoef of com fo mixed, contrary to the true intent and meaning hereof.

Gagers to XVII. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, meafurebytn^ That the gagers and other officers of excife, for thertienebeing, by£e bufliei. ®r shall be deputed to put this present a<5l into execution (hall, during tht continuance of the duties hereby charged, meaRire fuch corn and grain making into matt by the gage only,

• •	and not by the bu(hel; any thing herein before ednmined^ or

m any former aft or afts, relating to the duties hereby granted, to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.	i	-	■

Penalty en XVIII. And whereas in making of malt; pratHfed before: the jnalfters pref. granting the said duties, the barley, or other corn Or grainy during gether*in ‘thi	its	fletphtg	iu tb*tiflern or uting-fat, didxfttally rife Md fwttt.fi

pftem, &c. * tonfiderabty, that it was thought reafonable, upon granting the - said as. 6d. per	duties^ in all changes tube made by the officers from the cif!erm<ar

builieh	uutby to allow to the malfers, upon payment of the duty, feter

kujheh in every twenty bujbels, and Jo proportionably upon rimy greater or lifer quantity, in confederation of Jiuh rife of foetimg of the corn, which allowances have been and are made accordingly: and whereas many malflers or makers of malt for fair, by preffing, trend-inr} rmmmgp or other methods. i& now not only took* tmroom lj*

. ■■ /<



9

i7,i>] Anna duodecimo Anna. c.i

fo	elffiin the	ciftemerutueg fat,	and alj-ifc

tift ir fuelling, as	aforefaid, is prevented, but alfo readers, it vt%S

difficult for officers to know tie true quantity of the corn	or in

she couch, and. thereby have “the allowance, asaforefaid, though the rufaof making the.fane is taken away\ be it therefore further eajtfied,/That if any, nwlftcr or maker of malt for (ale, during the continuance of the duties on mak by tbia aft granted, fhaU Dead, ram, or otherwise force together in.thc oftem, uting-	»

bit or couch, aqy corn keeping or lteeped, in order to- the maJunginto malt,- every fuch malfter or maker of malt forlkle,

(baUfor.-..every fiiph offence, forfeit and lofe the .fum of two shillings and fix pence for every buftiel of .com (beeping or fleeped, that shall be fo prdled, trodden, rammed, or forged; anything herein or in any former aft, or afts contained to the eootrary in any wife notwithftanding.	>

XIX.	Provided always, and be it .enafted by the authority All proftcti-«r aforefeid, That no .perIon or persons shall be lued or charged

with the duties hereby granted, unlefs. fome aftion, informa- yeirs. boo, or fuit be commenced for the kune, within five years after tbefome shall become due.

XX.	And in regard the quantity of barley, or other com or grain,

telenby the.gago.in any	eiftern, uting-fat, or other	, or

to herein Jitob barley,.or other torn or grain Jball be found wetting or peeping,.er which Jball be found to have been wetted or. fteeped for themting of malt, is by this aft. to be charged and returned by the gager ids fo mateybvjbels of meltIt is hereby further enafted by Allowance for tbeai^tority aforebid. That out of every twenty bulhels fo malt charged chwgfid by the gager, there shall be an.allowance made to the in the uting-mabetof fuch malt fo. chafed in the uting-fat, ciftem, or other ***> **• teffldf wherein the feme shall be found wetting or fteeping, as sfbre&d, or upon. the floor within thirty hours after, the lame shall be. , thrown oqt of the uting-fat, utenfil, eiftern, or other ttBi, of four. hu(hcls, and out of every.greater or lefler quantity, ^proportionable allowance shall be made in confideration eftfodifferencc between-the quantityof fuch com when it is m ind fotoln, and the quantity thereof, when it is converted intadry malt; any,thing herein contained to the contrary not-witbfttnding.

XXI.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. Malt after dn-That it shall and may :be lawful to and fear any penon or per- ties paid may Iona, who (ball have aftually paid her Majesty’s duties by this be exported, aft payable for any quantity of malt whatfoever, and to and for **"

any other peifon or persons, who shall buy,. or be.lawfully entitled, to any foch quantity of malt from .the ,said person or per-fou who aftually paid her Majesty’s duties for the fame, to export, fuch malt for any foreign parts, giying fufficient fecurity before the Slipping thereof for exportation, that the particular quantity of malt, which (ball be intended to. be exported, as abrefudv.or any part thereof, shall not be relanded, or brought agun into any part or parts of Greetftritain, which focurity the tuftomoum: coUcftor.of the reipeftivepott fqrfucb exportation,

is



v>io	Armo duodecimo AttftUB,	1^7^*

k hertby dhefied rad authorifed to take in her Mayefty’s fane, and to her MajeAy’6 ufc.

*>e,Ja|jTon XXII. Provided always. That if after the {hipping of any ^portauonT ***** ttia^t ta ** sported, as aforefeid, and the giving or ten-and afterwards dring fach fecurity,as aforefeid, in order to obtain the allowance rdanded. or drawback herein after mentioned, the mak fc (hipped to he exported, shall be relanded an any part of tbe.feid kingdom of Great Britain, That then, and m every ftaoh cafe, over and above the penalty of the head, which shall be levied and recovered to her Majesty’s ufc, all the mik which Audi be landed, and the value thereof, shall be forfeited, that is to fey, one moiety thereof to the Queen, and the ptbqr moiety thereof* to the peffen or per ions that will feme, mfosmor fue iarthc feme, to be recovered as any other penalties by this aft art recoverable.

Btpporter to produce a certificate that the duty U paid. &c.

and on expoi> ration duty to be repaid.

Pebeaturtsfor

maJtunlatW-

fied, oh 14. Tune 1713. how to be

paid.

Rent payable in malt, tenant to dedutt 43. per quarter, . &c.

XXIII.	And be it farther ena&ed by the authority afocefski. That if any person or perfont who‘(hail export any malt into foreign parts, shall produce a certificate or certificates from the collector or officer who received the duty of fuch malt, that the duty thereof hath been paid or focused sobe paid, which certificate the collector or officer is hereby required to give gratis, proof being made upon oath that the duty of fuch malt hath been paid or fecured to be paid (which oath the said coUe&onor officer is hereby required to adminifter) and alfo making oath before the officer or collector of the port, that the malt fo oac-ported is the feme mentioned in fuch certificate, then the coi-Jefior*or chief officers of the port where fuch malt shall be exported, shall give to the exporter thereof a certificate ordebea-ture, exprefling the true quantity of the malt To exported or (hipped for exportation ; which certificate or debenture, being produced to the collector, or other officer appointed .to receive the feid duty, in the county, (hire, ftuartry, or place where: fath malt was exported, heis hereby required-to*poy the said duty =of fix pence per bu(hel to the persons or their agents fo exporting the feme; and in cafe the coHedtor or other officers (hallnot have any money in their hands to pay the fame^then the rdperirive commissioners appointed for executing this aft, are hereby required to pay the fame out of the duties arifing by the feid arit; any thing in this *<fb contained to the contmry notwkhftftnding.

XXI V. And be it enacted. That all debentures for malt exported upon any former a& or aifts for laying duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, which shall remain unfetisfied, on the four ana twentieth day of June one thonfend (even hundred and thirteen, shall (in cafe the refpe&ive commissioners or office** of exeife shall not have fufficient in their hands of the dudes granted by the said former afts to fatisfy the feme)<be paid and Satisfied out of the duties arifing by thisprefent a<ft.

XXV.	And be it further enalted by tfie authority aforefeid. That where any rent is referved and payable in malt, or if payable in money, and the fum or quantity of foeh rent is toibc af-certaincd by the price ofi molt, and is* to increafejuflasmuch as

the

1713'U	Armo	dtie06cirflO	Anmjb,	C.'tt.	Yl

th« prkrebf nUaltdcth irtcrfcafe, itttall and tWay fee lawfiil^urt ingthe continuance of this aCt, for the tenant of arty hinds ftitt-je£ to any foch rent, to detain, deduCt and abate fo much of every foch tenths -will amount to the dutyby this a A Charged for every quarter of malt, or the value of it irt money, that is (b referved^ arid fo praportionabfy for any letter quantity; and the pcrfon or persons, bodies politick br cofyorate, to Whom any fochrem isreferved, as aforefaid, (hall, upon theTetreipt of the rcfthfeof toy <fuch tent, make an allowance of foch deductions, as aforiefaid, and the tenant be difcharged, as If fuch payment had been made without any deduction or abatement what-foever.

XXVI.	Provided always, and be it further enaCted by the Malt im-autterity afdrefaid, Thafc from and after the said three and p^edfrom twentieth day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirteen,

devifrg the continuance of this aCt, no malt shall be brought or imponed into Great Britain from any foreign part dr parts be- ^ yonri thefts, upon pain of forfeiture of the nklt fo imported, andaMbthe'fuH value thereof, one moiety to the Queen, and the other jmoiety to fuch person or persons is (haH feize, inform or (be for the fame, by aCrion of debt, bill, plaint or information; wherdn no effoin, protection, or wager of law, or arty more than One imparlance shall be allowed.

XXVII.	And 'whereas several persons Making and dealing in malt, Malt deftroy-

| ere Jubjefl to Many hazards and ineonveniencies, as well by fire as cd by firc orfr \ water, be it therefore further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, ^way* .°r C Thatfrom and after the three and twentieth day of June one ' thottftnd seven hundred and thirteen, and after the duty by this affimpOfcd on malt is paid, or fecured to be paid by the mal-ito, it iny quantity of malt shall unfortunately happen to be deftroyed by* fire, by the burning of the malthoufe, granary or othfcr phee where the fame shall be rrlade or kept, or shall pe-rifti by water:, by the catting away of the barge or velftl in which ihe fold malt shall be tranfported from any part of this kingdom toatttrthcr; it shall and may be lawful for the proprietor or pro- °* that prifetMSof fuch malt fo perifliing, as abovefaid, to make proof rjjy ^wa# ltbwtof by two credible witneffes upon oath, and of his, her, or p theithivmg paid or given fecurity to pay the said duty, before the juftteefc of the peace of the county, riding of divifion where foehaceideht shall happen, at the next general quarter-feflions totaetod for fuch county, riding, or divifion (who are hereby Officer to re-impoweWd to give certificates under their hands and feals of jj*y ™ dutyi loch krf»);upott producing of which certificate to the officer ap-potoed'fo tolled the (aid duty, he shall be obliged to repay or aflew to the * said proprietor or proprietors fo much of the laid doty « (hill have been by him paid for the quantity of malt proved to hart fo perilhea.

XXVIII.	Provided always/ That if any barley or other corn An allowance or grain'thSt hath been fteeped or wetted in any cittern, uting-f* -**balMa fat, or6ther vtfiel, (hall, during the continuance of this aCt, A befound tor king or growing upon the* floor, before it is put

upon



Tx)

m

Anno diKKjccimo Ann^v. c.x.

ppOn the kiln, in order to be made into malt, after the (aid three and twentieth day of June one thourand seven hundred and thirteen, which when dried and made into malt, will not aniwer fo great a.quantity from the floor as from the ciftem or fati.it.is hereby enacted by the authpnty'aforefajd, That, out of. evqry twenty fbufhels fo charged upon the floor,, there shall be ait allowance tnade to the maker of the said malt, whiqjh shall be gaged and charged upon the floor, after the fame ft>all have been thrown out or the uting-fat, utenfil, eiftern, or other vef-fcl.before mcntjoned, by the fpace of thirty hours or more, and .before the fame shall be dried, of ten bufhelp, and out of every greater of lefler quantity a propbrtioriable allowance shall be made, in consideration of the di/Terence between the quantity nr (uch qorn when it is making uppn the floor, and the quantity tbereqf when it is dried and petfeAly made into malt; any thing herein, contained to the contrary thereof in any wife not-w^tManding*.,

snorters of	4nd%ohereas by an afl made in the firfl year ef the rtfgm

the bountCC1Ve *f^ate **4!$*** William and Queen Mary, intituled. An woneyUgrant- aA far encouragement of the exportation of corn, it if thereby ed i wf & M. ew&eiy That when malt or barley is at twenty-four /billings per c. 12.	quarter or mfer, every merchant that JbaU put on board any* male*

according to or under the limitations or conditions in the said aft ex~ trfff*4rthe said merchant JbaU have and receive from the farmers^ cpmmiffionersy or collectors of the duties arifing from the cufiom^fay every quarter of malt or barley fo exported, the sum of two finmngs and fix pence: be it hereby enaAed, That the duty of fix pence ,per bufhel by this aA impofed upon malt, shall not be reckoned .or valued towards the price of twenty-four (hillingsper quarter, . by the said recited aA limited, but that the exporter of tnajt (pall have and receive the bounty granted by the laid recited a£t, unlefs when the price of malt exceeds twenty-four shillings per quarter, over and above the duty by this aA granted#

The fame al- XXX. Provided always, and be it further enaAed and dp-i»#aiio» on clared by the authority aforefaid, That in cafe any person or croiHiil'malt Pcr^ons whatever shall export any ground mah from any port IHl^ole, * or P^acc *n Great Britain, to any foreign parts, the duties ice. 9 whereof shall have been paid or fecured to be paid according to

this aA, fuch person arid persons shall have the like drawback or allowance out of the duties on malt by this aA granted, as if the said mah had been whole, upon delnmtures to be obtained, and upon producing certificates, making oath, and doing and performing the other matters and things herein before preferibed <	. and direAed, in order to obtain debentures upon exportation pf

< malt for foreign parts ; yet neverthelfels fuch ground malt fo ex-, ported shall be computed and eftiraated after the rate of fo many oufhcls of malt as the fame did contain before it ms grounds rand no tnore.

Gager to leave XXXI. Provided always, and be it further enaApd, *Ph?t a espy of each every gager or other officer, who shall be conftitufad or ap-* with the pp^ed to put this aA in execution, (hall* be and ape hereby if-

r... .	‘	"	qulined

LooQle

rytjrj Anno duocletfrno AknA. c. i. ''

tmiraTto leave a true copy of each gage, and the quantity thereof, in Waiting under his or theft hands, with or for the (aid foakdr or makers of milt, at the tittie of hiking fuch gage upwj^mand, under the penalty of forty (hlllfogs.

^XXII. And for the prevention of evil praftices in broking No brewer bear and ale, with fugar, honey, foreign grains, Guinea pepper. &c. to ufe’fa-or with4‘a late* invented liquor or fyrup made from malt aiidgar, tec. in water, boiled up to the confiftency of mellafles, and veiy much refemhling the fame, and cotnyaonly called Ejjentia ' with other unwholfome materials; and that no mixture of fugar, honey, foreign grains, Guinea pepper, or of the said liquor qlr fyrup, or other unwholfome materials, may be ufed in the brewing or making of beer and ale; be it enafted, That no common brewer, innkeeper, viftualler, or other retailer of beer and ale, shall make ufe of any fugar, honey, foreign grams,

Guinea pepper, or of the said liquor or fyrup, called Ejjentia Binf, ChuIus Inditr, or any unwholfome materials or ingre- , dients whlatfoever, in the' brewing or making of any beer or ale, or.mix any fugar, honey, foreign grains, Guinea pepper, or any of the said liquor called Ejjentia Bine, Cocuks Indi<t> or any unwholfome materials or ingredients whatfoever, with any beer or ale, on . pain of twenty pounds for every fuch offence.

XXX0L And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid,^emcmief That all monies which shall arife by this aft of the laid duties be paid into upon tnalt, mum, cyder and perry (over and above the necef- the Exche-Ury charge* of railing and levying the said duties) (hall, from <lucr* time to time, be brought and paid into the receipt of the Ex-duwuer/

XXXIV. And it is hereby further enafted by the authority officers may aforefiud. That from and after the said twenty-third ‘day of enter malt-JvS one thousand seven hundred and thirteen, all and every houfes, &c. the laid officers (hall, upon their requeft, be permitted, as well by night as by day (but if in the night-time, then in the preface of a conltable, or other lawful officer of the peace) to enter the boufo, malthoufe, and other place belonging to or made ufe of by ,any publick malfter or maker of malt for fale, common brevier, innkeeper, victualler, diftiller, or vinegar-maker, making malt, to gage, meafure and take an account of the juft tjuari&y of barley, and other coni or grain which shall be wet-

a or fteeping, or which shall have been wetted or fteeped in houfe, mmthoufe, or other place; and if any fuch publick mal&r or maker of malt for (ale, common brewer, innkeeper, ..	.

yifoalfer,^ idiftiller, or vinegar-maker, shall r^fufe to permit^ r u* fudi officers, or any of them, to «iter his houfe, malthoufe, or f ether place, as aforefaid, or to gage, or to take an account of his barley, or other com or grain, as aforefaid, the person or persons offending therein, shall for every fuch offence forfeit and lofe the sum of twenty pounds.

XXXV. And it is hereby, further enafted by the authority afordaid, That if any maker of malt (hall, during the continuance

r entrance

■'ting t ’ forfeits »ol.

*4

Concealing maJt forfeits xos. per bushel.

Malfter not to fet up any cif-tern, &c. without notice, on pain of 50I.

Anno ckodecipi© Anna e. %. . v	[ iji&

aoceof the-duties hereby granted, fraudulently hide, conceal, or convey away any of his malt from the fight or view of the gager or gagers appointed to take an account of the Cube, the person or perfoos offending therein, shall forfeit and lofe for every bufhe! of malt fo hid, concealed, or conveyed away, from the fight and view of fuch gager or gagers, the futri often shillings, to be recovered and diftributed, or mitigated, as other penalties and forfeitures by this a&, or by any law herein referred unto, are to he recovered, diftributea, or mitigated.

XXXVI. And be it further’enaded by the authority afore-laid, That from and after the said twenty-third day of "June one thousand feyen hundred and thirteen, during the continuance pf this a#, no malfter or other perfon, making malt for fale or not for fale (other than and except compounders for the said duty) shall eredf or fet up, alter or enlarge, or make ufe of any ciftern, uting-fat, utenfil, or other veflel, for the wetting or fteeping anv barley, or pther corn or grain for the making of malt, or ot any kiln, floor, room, or other place for the making or keeping of malt, or keeping of com or grain making into

malt, without first giving notice thereof in writing at the next

Perfons aggrieved may appeal to the

2uartcr-fcf-onsj See.

No Certiorari.

Appellor to

give nonce thereof lix

days before quarter -fef-ions, &c.

office of excife, or mall keep or make ufe of any private ciftern, uting-fat, utenfil, or other veflel, for the wetting his barley, or other dorn or grain to make malt, other than (Uch as are openly known and made ufe of in his common making-houfe, on pain to forfeit for every fuch ciftern, uting-fat, utenfil or other veflel, kiln, floor, room or other place fo eredled or fet up, altered or enlarged, kept private or concealed or made ufe of without fuch notice as aforefaid, the sum of fifty pounds to be levied, recovered, mitigated and diftributed as aforefaid.

XXXVII.	And be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That

if either party think him or themselves agrieved by any judgment or order to be given or made by any juftices of the peace, in purfuance of this present adt, touching or concerning the duties hereby granted, or any penalty and forfeiture relating to the fame, it mall and may be lawful to and for fuch person or perform, fo finding him, her or themselves agrieved by fuch judgment or order, to appeal from the fame to the juftices aflembled at the next general quarter-feflions of the peace, to be holden for the county, (hire or ftuartry where fuch judgment or order shall have been made; which said juftices of the peace, or the major part of them, are hereby impowered to hear and finally determine the fame; and no writ of Certiorari shall be allowed or brought to fet afide any dSsrmination or order of the said juftices.	M	-

XXXVIII.	Provided always, and it is hereby ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That the party or parties fo appealing, as aforefaid, shall give notice in writing, by the fpace of fix days pext before fuch feflion shall be held, as aforefaid, unto the party or parties of the other fide, of his, her or their intention to bring fuch appeal; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for fuch juftices or the major part of them, in their cjuarter-fefr

Eons,

jitiz I by

1713*] Anno duodecimo Annje. c. 2.

fions^to award cofts to either party, as they {hall in their discretion think fit, to be levied by warrant of the juftices of the peace of fiich county, (hire, or fluartry, or any two or more of them* on the goods and chattels of the party or parties, againft whom the Came shall be awarded. Provided alfo. That in cafe there be* not the fpace of fix days between the first judgment or order of the two juftices, and the quarter-feffions then next fok lowing* that then the appeal may be made at the second quarter* feffions* after fuch judgment or order made.

XXXIX. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority	m

afore&id. That all malt made in Scotland, not to be confumecl brought by there, which at any time or times between the twenty-third day fea into Eng-of June one thousand seven hundred and thirteen, and the land* to been* twenty-fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and trc4 atrtJ1Ad-fourteen, shall be brought into England, Wales, or the town of 0 Berwick upon Tweedy (hall, in cafe the fame be brought by fea, * be entred with the officer for the said duties of the port where the fame shall be fo brought into England, Wales, or Berwick; and pay 6d. and the Aim of fix pence per buftiel (unlels a certificate from per bufliel, , the proper officer be produced, that it had paid the said duty in Scotland) for the fame malt, shall be paid to fuch officer before the^uty, landing thereof: and in cafe the fame shall be brought by land. Malt brought foch malt shall pafs and be carried by and through the towns of by land, to Berwick or Carlijle, and there entred with the officer of the said P~‘thro'|^r* duties, in fuch of the said towns by or through which fuch malt ^ tQ ^ shall be fo carried ; and the like duty of fix pence per buftiel for entered there, the&me, unlefs fuch certificate be produced, as aforefaid, shall and topavfid. be paid down in ready money to fuch officer, on pain of forfeiting bu&el, on all fuch malt, and the value thereof, as shall be landed or put on f^of forfei“ (hore, or brought into England, without fuch entry or payment of fuch additional duties, as aforesaid : and in cafe any malt Such malt comade in Scotland (hall, during the said term, be found coming	land,

out of Scotland, or brought from thence by land, by or beyond ^0£wna! the towns before-mentioned, without entry or payment of the without entiy, dudes thereof, or producing fuch certificate, as aforefaid, then See. forfeited, all fuch malt, or the value thereof, shall be forfeited j the laft or the value, mentioned forfeiture thereof to be and go, one moiety thereof to the Queen’s majefty, the other moiety thereof to fuch person or persons as will inform, feize, or fue for the fame, or the value thereof, and to be recovered and levied by fuch ways, means and methods, as any other penalties or forfeitures, relating to the malt duties are by this adf to be recovered and levied.

XL. And be it enadted by the authority aforefaid. That all The monies the monies which shall arife by this adt of the said duties on an/*n£ 1°}kL malt, mum* cyder and perry, over and above the neceflary ^chequer, charges of railing and paying the said duties, shall from time to time be brought and paid into the Exchequer.

There shall be kept in the office of the auditor of the receipt one book, in whkh *11 the orders tor money payable upon this a&, (halt be regiftred $

and

v^-ooQle

s6	Anno duodecimo Ann A. C. 2-	.	t,7Ii

A book to be and tbe money lent upon the aft of the ninth year of her Majesty'i reitfC kept, for tranf wifetiUfed, with interest of fix, per cent. (haH be placed upon tbe regiitf ferring the nod (bail be paid out of the monies anting by this aft V intcreft.to be pm principal lurai every three months, It shall be lawful for any persons to lend uppa qtfl on the malt of the said duties any fums, as together with fhe principal mottles 4 act 9 Ann. to pointed to be transferred, shall not exceed seven hundred rboulant the regiitei of pounds which lenders shall have interest of five per cent, to be pH this aft. every three months. Where it (hill appear by affidavit before any of tht barons of the Exchequer, that any Exchequer bills, or tickets, before tb< twentieth of May one thousand (even hundred and thirteen, have beer loft, burnt, or deftroyed : it shall be lawful for the refpeftive officer*, Ujxn producing a certificate from any of the (aid barons, and on fecurity giver '	to the (aid, officers, to make forth duplicates of the said bills and tickets,

It (hah be lawful for tbe commissioners to fettle and adluft the properties of any tickets in tbe lotteries that have not hitherto been fettled, pro. i videa the periods poflefTed of the tickets do appear on or before the five and twentieth of December one thousand seven hundred and thirteen. II any perfbn (had forge or counterfeit any of the lottery orders, or alter the number or principal fum of any fuch order, or counterfeit the hand of any perfgn to iuch order, theieby to procure a fraudulent aftferfmerit, or fen any Ihch order, knowing the fame to be forged, every Tuch pdrfan fiiall be adjudged a felon, without benefit of clergy. EXP.

Claufe for ex- . XLVUI. And whereat in tbe tenth year of her A^aieftfs reign paining a late & a# jjj	por laying several duties upon aUJoap and paper made

to item du-°n *n	Bn******	or imported into tbe fame j and upon chequered

ties on cufto- andforiped linen imported; and upon certainftlks* collie us, linens and mary estates, ftujfs* printed* painted or ftained; and upon several kinds of (Imp which pofs by ttellom* parchment and paper ; and upon certain, printed papyri* pam-toAnn c!ij;pblits. and advenifements* for raijjng the fum. of /ightefn^hundrd thousand pounds* by way of a lottery* towards her Majeflfs fyppljj and for licenfwg an additional number of hackney chairs-* a*4 for charging certain foods of cards and dice \ and for betterfocuriyg her Majefif s duties to arife in the office for the fiamp- duties, kjfvemn for marriages and otherwife•* and for reliefif persons who have net Claimed their lottery tickets in due time* or have left Efcbefqer bills er lottery tickets-* and for borrowing mosiey upon (locks* part of the capital of the Soitfhoea company* for the, ufe of fhe publick * in which f	faid	aft	it is enabled* That for every /kin* or piece ofvelkm or parch-

ment*, or (beet or piece of paper * upon which (ball be ingrafted $r written* within or during tbe term of thirty-two years* to be reckoned from tbe first day of Auguft in tbe year one thousand foven hundred and twelver any furrenaer of or admittance to any copyhold land or tenement* within thofe parts of Great Britain called England, cWales, and the town ^Berwick upon Tweed, or any grant or leafe by copy of court-roll* or any other copy of tbe court-roll of an) honor, or manor within the fame parts of Great Britain, or any if them* other than and except the original fwrrender to the ufe of a will) r	dni	tbe	coi&t-roll or book wherein the proceedings of the court are en-

tered or enrolled* tbe fum of two shillings and three pence ft er ling-, and a doubt having arifen whether by the said claufe* copies, of admittances to cuftom right or tenant-right estates* not being copybcU* which pafs by deed* Jurrender and admittance* or by deed and admittance* ought to be (lamped; It is declared and enabled hereby, That no copies of any furrenders or admittances to fuch cuftom-■	'	.	G	•	right



right or tenant-right estates, as atorefaid, ought to be damped, nor were they ever defigned or intended, nor ought they to be deemed or conftrued to be within the meaning of the said a&.

CAP. III.

An act to revive and continue the ad for taking, examining, and dating the imblick accounts of the kingdom: and afio to continue the ad for appointing commiihoners to take, examine, and determine the debt* due to the army, trsuafport-fervice, and Tick and wounded. EXP.

*7

CAP. IV.

An aB for making inclofvres of fome part of the common grounds in the Weft-Riding of the county of York, for the endowing poor vicaridges and chapelrtes, for the better fiepport of their minijlers*

WHEREAS in the Weft-Riding of the county of York there are divers parijhes of great extent, and very populous, which bath cccajianed the ere fling of divers chapels of eafefor the be-uft of the inhabitants: but there being very fmall or no fettled pro-vtfim made for the maintenance of the mimfters that perform divine $us in tbofe chapels, or for the vicars of many of the parijh-churches within the said Weft-Riding; and there being large commons or wo/U grounds, within many of the said parijhes, which yield little or no profit or advantage to any perf on, it would be a great advantage end intotrogemerit to the vicars and minijlers there, if they mighty by mckfing feme parts of the said commons and wajle grounds, improve the fame for the benefit of themfelvcs and their fucceffors: May it therefore pieafeyour moft excellent Majesty, at the humble fuit ofthejuftices or the peace, gentlemen, clergy, freeholders and other inhabitants of the said riding, that it may be ena&ed ; and be it enaded by the Queen’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in parliament affembled, and by the authority of the lame. That from and after the nine and twentieth day of After *9 Sept* September, which shall be in the year of our Lord one thousand '7*3- the in-feven hundred and thirteen, it shall and may be lawful for any thae of the inhabitants of any parish in the Wejl-Riding ai the county Ridinr 0f of York, wherein any fuch chapels of eafe, as aforefaid, now York/fiire, are, or hereafter shall be ere&cd or built, and wherein there are wher£ there large waftes or commons, with the confent of the lord or lords	8	of

of the manor wherein fuch wafte-ground lies, (and if there he wjth the con-above two lords of fuch manor, then with the confent of the fern of the major part of them) and with the content of three parts of fourIords	ma-

of all freeholders and others, who have any right of common therein, according to their number, and the value of their re- the wattes, and fpe£fre estates, to ihelofe any part of the waftes or common fettle the fame grounds within foch parilh (or chapelry therein) not exceeding truftee* for sixty acres, or a sixth part of fuch common land, where the ^[^iwbo hid sixth part shall not exceed sixty acres, and to fettle the fame have not a fet-in truftces and their heirs, for the benefit, and as a maintenance tied provision and (upport of fuch minifters as (ha l not have a fettjed provi- of above 40I. VOL. XIII.	C	UonPtramiam.

ig	Anno	duodecimo Ann,®. c.4. ‘	tl7l3•

ton of above forty pounds per annum for their maintenance; and shall refide within the fame parish or chapdry, and perform divine offices in the parilh church or chapel therein, according to the ufage of the church of England, and belicenfedby the arch-bilhopof York, or the guardian of the fpiritualties (Side Vacante) any former law or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

Saving to lords . jj. Saving always, and referving unto all lords of manors* mines"0^*11 anc* other owners and proprietors of royalties within the (aid *unes> C# riding, their heirs and alfigns, all and all manner of mines and quarries of (tone, coal and ore, and other mines, with full power, and free liberty to dig, get, and fough for the fame. In and through any, fuch inclofures that shall be made purfuant to this ad j and the fame fo got, with carts, wains and carriages to take, lead, and carry away.

Notruftee,&c. III. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, /lull alienate That after any fuch inclofure and fettlement, it shall not be in

ibchPenclofed t^e Powcr an7	or	minifter,	or	any other person what-

lands to any foever, to alienate and imploy any of the profits of fuch inclofed other ufe but lands to any other ufe or ufes, but only for the fupport and for Tupport of maintenance of the vicar or minifter who shall serve the cure* the muiiiter. ^ jt ^fong to a \iCarage) and to the minifter that performs divine service in the chapel, according to the ufage of the church of England, (if it be appropriated to any chapel) and not ©therwife.

Truftees, &c. , IV. And be it further enaded, That it shall and may be law-with con lent fol for any of the said truftees and their heirs, from time to iH^m^Teafe t*mc> ^J any writmg or writings under their hands and feals, the groundsVo ^ie confentof the vicar or minifter, for whofc ufe fuch in-enclofed font clofure is made, to be teftified by his being made a party to, years, referv- and figning and fealing fuch writing, to demiie or leafe any com-ab?erhalf?ay‘ mQn or wa^e grounds, or any parcel or parcels thereof, that yearly, for the be mclofed by virtue of this ad, for any term or number ufe of the	of years not exceeding one and twenty, fo as upon every fuch

wiailter.	demife or leafe there be referved, payable half-yearly, during

the said term, as much rent as can, at the making (uch leafe, be really gotten for the fame ; and that fuch rent be made payable to or for the only ufe and benefit of fuch vicar and minifter of fuch vicarage or chapelry, and their fucceflbrs, and fo as no fine, income, or other consideration be taken for the fame, beafe other- V. And it is hereby enaded, That all leafes made of fuch in-voidmadC> clofures in any other manner, shall not be good or available in the law, but (ball be ipfo fafto void.

General ifliie. VI. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That if any adion, fuit, or information, shall be commenced or profecuted againft any person or persons, for any thing that he or they ihall do or caufc to be done in pursuance or in execution o( this ad, fuch person or persons fo fued in any court whatfoever, shall and may plead the general iflue of not guilty; and upon any ifiue joined may give this ad and the (pedal matter in evi-_ deuce ; and if in any fuch fuit the plaintiff or profecutor shall become nonfuit, or forbear profccuuen; pr fuller a difeontinu-6	•	an.ee,

iffy]	Anno	duodecimo	Ann.®,	c.	5.	,

Jmce, or if a yerdift shall pafe againft him upon a demurrer, thcain any of the (aid cafes, the defendant or defendants shall recover full cofts, for which he or they shall have the like remedy & is allowed in any cafe where cods are to be recovered by any former law.,

V1L And be it further* enafted, That this aftftull be taken Publick aft. and allowed in all courts within this kingdom, as a publick aft.

VHL And.whereas fome manors within the said Weft-Riding, Wafteof ma. do belong tn her Majefy in right of the crown j be it further enafted port belong-by the authority aforefeid, That by and with the confent of her !?*to the Majesty, her heirs and fucccffors, and with the confent of three h^fcd^Tih0 parts of four of the freeholders and others, who have right of confent of the common therein, according to their number, and the value of crown, and their refpeftive estates, it shall and may be lawful to inclofe any	,

part of the wafte or common grounds of fuch manors not ex- ^ r % ceediog fitly acres, or a sixth part of fuch common land where the (aid sixth part shall not exceed sixty acres; and to fettle the (ame in truftees and their heirs, for the charitable purposes aforementioned; any law or ftatute to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

An act to explain a claufc in an all of the laft fejfion of par-hamenty intituledy An act for the more effectual preventing fraudulent conveyances, in order to multiply votes for the elefting knights of (hires to serve in parliament, as far as the fame relates to the afeertaining the value of freeholds of forty Jhillings per annum.

WH E R E A S by an all made in the loft session of parliamenty to Aim. c. *3, intituledy An act for the more effeftual	fraudulent conveyances, in order to multiply vc	efting	c*xg*

knights for (hires to serve in parliament, it is amongjl other things enefledy That from and after the first day of May, which Jbould be in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twelve, no per-fm Jbeil vote for the electing of any knight of a jbire within that part tf Great Britain called England, in refpeft or in right of any lands or tenements which have not been charged or ajfejfed to the publick kxeSy church ratesi and parish duties, in fuch proportion as other lands or tenements offorty Jhillings per annum, within the fame pa~ rip) or townjbipy where the fame JhaU tie or bey are ufually chargedy under a penalty therein exprejfed: and whereas fome doubts have orifin whether parftmSy vicarsy and other perfoniy having meffuageSy landiyttntty tithes, or other bereditamentSy are not thereby refrained from voting at filth eletfioMy in regard that fuch meffuageSy lands, rentSy titheSy or hereditaments, have not been ufually charged or af~

Medio the publick taxes, church rates, andparifb duties, and to every if them:'now forafmuch as it was only intended thereby to af-. certain tfarvhkie of lands or tenements, by making the proportion paid to die puWick taxes, church rates, and parish duties.

CAP. V,

C 2

30	Anno duodecimo Ann^E. C^.	tf	7!3-

The aft or fuch of them, to which the fame were ufually chained ,or a£-io Ann. c..$. fefled, the meafureof the value thereof ; and for the removing any wL”1* fuch doubts* be it enafted and declared by the Queen’s moft ex-fromvoting cellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords in refpeft ot fpiritual and temporal and commons, in this present parliament any rents, See. aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the fain raft, in innsof F* or thing therein contained, shall not extend, or ibe con-court, in re- ftrued to restrain ?ny person from -voting in fuch eleftion of> any gard qf their knight of a (hire within that part of Great Britain called Eng-I'ht	landy in refpeft or in right of any rents, tithes, or other incor-

publfck taxes P°rcal inheritances, or any mefluages or lands in extraparochijfl &c.	,	* places, or any chambers in the inns of court or inns of chancery,

or any mefluages or feats belonging to any offices, in regard or by reafon that the fame have not ufually been, or shall not be charged or aflefled to all or any the publick taxes, church rates, and pari(h duties, as mentioned in the above recited aft, or in refpeft or in right of any other mefluages or lands not herein before fpecified, in regard, or by reafon that the fame have not been ufually charged or afleflea to all and every the publick Provided they taxes, church rates, andparifti duties aforefaid: provided. That have been af* fuch mefluages or lands have ufually been charged or aflefled rt>

felTed as other fome one or more of the .said publick taxes, rates or duties, in mefluages of 4.0s. per ann. in the fame parifli, &c.

After the end the laws in that behalf: be it therefore enafted by the Queen’s menTnocon fno^ cxce^ent tnajefty, by and with the advice and confent of veyance ° " the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons, in this present whereon infe- parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That offment is not from and after the determination of this present parliament, no feiST* ^iftred convcyahce or right whatfoever, whereupon infeoffment is not ayearbSfbre taken, and feifln regiftrated one year before the tejle of the thetefteofthe writs for calling a new parliament, (hall, upon objection made writ, shall in- in that behalf, entitle the person or persons fo infeoft, tp vote or £ efefted Ui°r *°	e^e(^e^ at t^iat	*n	any (hire or ftewartry in that

Scotland j 'nor Part °f Great Britain called Scotland; and in cafe any eleftion if any eleftion happen, during the continuance of a parliament, no convey-happenduring *nce or right whatfoever, whereupon infeoffment is not taken

one

fuch proportion as other mefluages or lands of forty (hillirtgs per annum, within the fame parilh or townfliip, where the toe (halllie or be, are ufually charged to the fame; any thing con* tained in the said recited aft to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

CAP. VI.

An act for the belter regulating the eleflions of members to serve in parliament for that part of Great Britain tolled Scotland.

■\yl7HEREAS of late several conveyances of ejlates have been made * * in truft or redeemable for elufory fumsy no ways adequate to the true value of the lands^ on purpofe to create and multiply votes in elections of members to serve in parliament for that part oftireat Britain called Scotland, contrary to the true intent attd medning of

1713O	Anno duodecimo Ann.®. c.6.	21

ant year before the date of the warrant for making out a new the continu-wriffor.foch ckCffon, (hall, upon objection made in that be- jl-nceof aPw“ balfv entitle the person or persons fo infeoft to vote or be elected lument* at that ele&ion; and that from and after the said day, it shall or may be lawful to 6r for any of the electors piefent, lufpeCting Any elector aayperfon or persons to have his or their estates ih truft, and ™luirc for the behoof of another, to require the prefes of the meeting tender a*oath to tender the following oath to any elector \ and the said prefes to one whom is hereby impowered and required to adminifter the fame m the he (ufpeCts to words following, viz.	******

1A. B. do, in the prefence of God, dechre and fwear, That the oath> lands and estate if	for	which I daim to give my vote

in tbiseb&ion, are not conveyed to me in truft, or for the behoof of arty other person wbatfoever; and I do fwear before God, that neither /, nor any person to my knowledge, in my name, or by my allowance, both given, or intends to give, any prrnife, obligation, bond, back-bend, or other fecurity, for re~difponing or re-conveying the said lands end eftate, any manner of way wbatfoever: and this is the truth, as IJkll onjwer to God.

And in cafe fuch elector refufe to fwear, and alfo to fubferibe Refufing, (h&H the said oath, fuch person or persons shall not be capable of not vote, voting, or being elected at fuch election.

II.	Provided always, That notwithstanding fuch oath taken, other objec-it shall be lawful to make fuch other objections as are allowed by tions as allow-the laws at Scotland againft fuch electors.	able by law.

III.	And be it further enaCted and declared by the autho- jj0 infeoff. rity aforefaid. That no infeoffmCnt taken upon any redeem- ment on any able right wbatfoever (except proper wadfetts, adjudications, or redeemable &ppri£hgs, allowed by the act of parliament relating to elections r,r^ht £c*!^pt iaenetholdahd fix hundred eighty-one) shall entitle the person Fc«s^&c.) " fo infeoft to vote or be elected at any election in any (hire or (hairentitle to ftewartryj and that no person or perlons, who have not been vote or be e-inrolled and voted at former elections, (hall, upon any pre- ^^d’erjrons tence wbatfoever, be inrolled or admitted to vote at any elec- no”-enrolled* lion, except he or they first product a fufficient right or title to at former e-qualify him or them to vote at that election, to the fatisfaCtion lotions, shall of the freeholders formerly inrolled, or the majority of them v^wlth" prcfait; and the returning officers are hereby ordained to make alight. UC1Mg their returns of the persons elected by the majority of the freeholders inrolled, and thofe admitted by them, referving always the liberty of objecting againft the persons admitted to, or excluded from the roll, as formerly.

IV.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, Sheriffs, 8cc. That all Iheriffs of (hires, and ftewarts of ftewartries, shall be A*!!,	P«-

obligcd, under the pain of fifty pounds sterling, one moiety pU?^ic whereof shall be to the Queen’s mod excellent majefty, her intimations heirs and fucce/fors, and the other moiety to the person or per- three days be-fons who shall fue for the fame, to be recovered before the court f°rc da7 of feffion, by any aCtion fummarily, without abiding the courfe °* clcftlon*

C 3	of

u	Anno	duodecimo	AnnJE.	C-	7.	fx7*jk

of tfe* roll, to make the publiek intimatices required by tho laws of Stttkmdy at the several pariih chunches within thair re-t fpe&ive jurifdidions, at leaft three days before the dyet of ele&ons.

Saving the rights ut heirs and husbands.

Any right whereon in-feoffment is taken before 1 June 1713. {hall entitle to vote for members of parliament#

Husbands not to vote by'virtue of their wives infeoff-ments, unlef* they are hei-rellef, &c.

V.	Provided always, That the right of apparent heirs iff

voting at de&krns by virtue of their ptedeceflors infeoffoientsy and the right of huibands by virtue of thrir wives infeofftneots, be and is hereby referred ta themy as formerly; any thing h( this act contained to the contrary notwithstanding........

VI.	Provided also, That any conveyance of rights which by the laws of Scotland is fufficient to qualify any person to vote id the ele&ions of members to serve in parliament for (hires or flewartries, and whereupon infeoffment is taken, on or befon the first day of June m the year of our Lord one thousand feved hundred and thirteen* shall entitle the perlpn or persons fo in* fecit, to vote at the de&ions of members ta serve in the next enfuing parliament; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

* VII. Provided always, and it is hereby declared to be tbi true intent and meaning of this a£t, That no huibaqds shall vote at any enfuing election by virtue of their wives infeoff-ments, who are not heifeflfes, or have not right to the property of the lands on account whereof fuch vote shall be claimed.

CAR VII.

An all for the more effectual preventing and punijhtng rob-beries that Jhall be committed in hotffes.

t?ORASMUCH as divers wifked and ill-difppfei fenmts% J? and other per Jons, are incouraged to covjmif, robberies in hedjtk by the privilege, as the law now is, oj demanding the benefit rf their After 1 July clergy; be it therefore enabled by the Qupen’s, metf e*c*lje*t 17»3• Pci ions majedy, by and with the advice and confent of lords f£iri-(leafing to the tual and temporal and commons, in this prefers parliament af* being hi a°S#	fewbied, and by the authority of the fame* That all and every

dweuing-	perfon or persons that (hall, at any time, frQm and after the

hou e, tho’	firft day of July in the year one thoufimd seven himcred. and

Juch houfe,	thirteen, fefomoufly deal any money, goods or chattels, wares

broken”**:	?r merchandizes, of the value of forty shillings or more, being

ami being	in any dwelling-houfe or .outhoufe thereunto belonging, ajtboi

thereof con-	fuch houfe or out-houfe be not actually broken by fuch offender,

iyi^f k* lhall although the owner of fuch goods, or any other person oi thebenefit!of P^ps, be or be not in fuch houfe or out-houfe* or Xhall^ffift clergy. or aid any person or persons to commit any fuch offence, being thereof convidted or attainted by verdjtd or confeflton* or.bejng indided thereof shall dand mute, or will not dire£Uy anfwerto the indictment, or shall peremptorily challei>ge above the minh ber of twenty returned to be of thejbry, (hall, byvirtue of this tyd, be absolutely debarred of and from the benpfit of clergy \ gay law or cuftora to the contrary notwithdanding.

‘	'	II.	Provided

Anno duodecimo Ankm. c. 8f 9.	*$

U Provided always, That nothiag in this ad shall extend Not to extend to mrentioes under the age of fifteen years, who shall robto apprentices thdraaflei*, as aforefeid.	•	unto15 yean

III. And whereas there has been feme doubt, wJxther the tntrikg Entririz i„to bur the manfwi-bwfe §f another, without breaking the fame, with* houfe wither intent to amrndt fame felony, and breaking the laid houfe m the out breaking mgbtA'mrto get out, & burglary; be it declared and cnaded by **»or bcin£. ’ the authority afbrefak), That if any person shall enter into the manfion or dwelling-hotile of another, by day or by night, and breaking without breaking the fame, with an intent to commit felony, ortbe houfe in being in filch houfe shall commit any felony, and shall in thetbc “gb* -flight-time break the (aid hoijife to get out of the feme, fuch per- ^burabuY, fori is and shall be adjudged and taken to be guilty of burglary, and (halt be oufted of the benefit of bis and her clergy, ih the fame manner as if fuch person had broke and entred the ft id houfe in the night-time, with an intent to commit felony there.

CAP. VIII.

An act for nrifing the militia for the year one thoufaad (even hundred and thirteen, although the month's pay formerly advanced be not repaid. EXP.	'	'	(

CAP. IX.

Audit for	Continuing an aft made in the third and fourth

years of the reign of her preferit Majesty, intituled. Aft a& for encouraging the importation of naval ftore? from her Majdty’s plantations in America j and for. encouraging the importation of naval fores from that part of Great Britain called Scotland, to that part of Greta Britain England.

WH ER EA S an aCl vqas mqde in the third and fourth years of her present Afajejlys reign, intituled. An suft for encouraging the importation of naval (lores from her Majesty’s.plan- 3&4 Ann.' tationsin America; which bath been found to be very advantageous c* fer	fitrmjbing with naval	J,lores the royal navy and Jbipping of tbit

lagdem, wherein, under God, the wealth, fafety, ana Jlrengtb of tbit nation it ft much concerned, and depends on the due fupply of fret	neceffaryfor tfte fame •, which by a due-encouragement may be

bod from her	Majefry's colonies andplantations in America, which

Unreal fhrft fettled.,and are frill maintained and protected at a great exfme from tbit kingdom;	and in regard the said colonies and	-

totems may ( as they have done) commodioufry afford great quantities of oli forts of naval fores, by continuing the	in	the

fad ad for imparting	the fame into England: whereas the faid

oSis mar expiring5 be it therefore enaded by the Queen’s nioft 7^	^,

excellent msuelly, by and with the advice and confent of the Ann. c. 10. * lords (piritual and temporal and commons, in this present parlia- continued for meat adembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the ” years. fr°ra laid ad made in the third and fourth years of her present Ma- *{j'r'^ir^OB

C 4	jefty’s The premium


a4	Anno	daocfechno	AwM. c,^	£1713.

fbrbompmmn jdty*» feign, intituled, An a& for encouraging the importationof wed for	msva^ ft™1 fr*m	plantation*'in America, and every

Prt thereof, (haft be and is hereby continued fromthetime'of

1.	c. 1. f. 1. the expiration of the Tame; for and duringthe (pace and term of eleven years, and from thence to the end of the mstfefton of parliament.

Premiums for II. And whereas there are in several parts ef North Britain, iteeffrora'** e4f9mniy ea^ Scotland, great ft on rfpine and fir*trm> fit Jw Scotland, after	a** for the making ef pitch, tar, rozin, and other mmst

a Sept. 1713. ftotes\ hut the lands end woods which may yield fueb navalfieret Ora for the encou- rnoJUy in parts mountainous and remote from navigable rivers ; there^ ^thereto fee ™re *0T thc encouragement of the proprietors of fuch lands and aGco.i.c. 35. woods, in the making the roads, patiages, and rivers m thofe northern parts ufeful and commodiottsto the poblick, as Vdl as for conveying fuch naval (lores to fea ports in North Britain,, to be brought by fea to that part of Great Britain called Bnghmd\ be it enabled by the authority aforefaid. That every peifoti or persons that (hall, from and after the fxrft day of September, one thousand seven hundred and thirteen, during the remainder of the time limited for the granting premiums to the importers of naval (lores from America, by virtue of the said adt, and of this present a<5t, bring from North Britain'aforefaid, into any port of South Bf /to/zraforefaid, in any (hip or (hips built in Great Britain* any trees (it for mails, yards, or bowfprights, or any pitch, far, rozin, or turpentine, neat and in good and merchantable condition, shall have rad receive, as a reward or premium for bringing fuch naval (lores from North Britain to South Britain, after and according to the several rates for fuch naval Tar41. per (lores, as follows; (zri&.) For good and merchantable tar per tun#	ton, containing eight barrels, and each barrel to gage one and

thirty gallons and an half, the sum of four pounds; for good and merchantable pitch per tun, each tun containing twenty Pitch 4I. per grofs hundreds (neat pitch) to be brought in eight barrels,1 the Rozin 1 per	f°ur Poun(k; for good and merchantable rozin or tur-

tun2.m 3" ***** Pontine per tun, each tun containing twenty grof9 hundreds

(neat rozin or turpentine) to be brought in eight barrels, the um of three pounds; for all mafts, yards, and bowfprights per tun. tun, allowing forty foot to each tun, girt meafure, according to the cuftomary way of meafuring round bodies, the fam of To be paid by twenty shillings : which several rewards or premiums shall like-the officers of wjfe paid and anfwered in good and lawful money of Great certificate0” ^r^in, by the commissioners or principal officers ofherMa-trom the cuf- jtfty’s navy, who are hereby impOwered and required to make tom officers out bill or bills to be paid in courfe for the fame, upon certificate where landed. 0f the refpe&ive chief officer or officers of the cufloms in any ^ns^onurn- P01^ South Britain, where fuch naval (lores shall be im-vfgfucbcerti- ported, as aforefaid, fuch bill or bills to be made out and given ftcate, fee to the person or persons importing the feme, as aforefaid, within s Geo 1. c. 11. twenty days after the difeharge or unlading of the (hip or veflel, 8Geo.11.C." a. ^Ps or	in	which	fuch	(tores shall be imported, upon a

f. 4.	/	*	certificate

1713*1	AimonlQQdedfBb^AMNJB.	c.g.	35

esrtifkateor certificates to beproducedto. the chief qffipoi! orof-fkessctfsbe aaAtmss where hack, ftores (haUbeiraported; which And on certi-*ei’*ifie*t«ior certificate* ihall, be under thobands and'deals of /kite from U>« dubcMaptmUer and colkCkor of her Majesty’s cuftootvand comptroller • fahjiawd .officer as: hex Majesty (ball think fit to appoint, or any two of them, refiding at any fuch port or ports mNertb Britain where Bnt##, darker Majesty, under the great.leal.of Great	Aich ftoree

JNl think dit to appoint; where fiich naval ftores shall be ern- shall be im- ' baked or fhipped, m order for importing the fame into any pert of SotUhBritain, That before the departure qS filch fhip ftorel were gf or vefel» fhips or vefiels, the persons, traders or factors con* the growth of twed or iroployed m the preparingor manufacturing fuch Scotland, &c. aaral dorrs, 'or any two of them, had made affidavit in writing befwefuth comptroller and collector-of her Majesty’s cuftomc in NettbBritain, and fiich naval , officer as her Majesty shall think fit to appoint, or any.two of them. That fuch naval ftores lo brought-tofuch port of North Britain, were truly, and bona ]&, of thc growtli and produce of North Britain aforesaid ; in which affidavit the particular quantities and qualities of fuch naval ftores, together with the time when fuch naval ftores were prepared ana manufactured, the names of - the proprietors thereof, and the place or places where the fame grew, were prepared and manufactured, shall be fully and plainly fpecified sad contained; which, affidavits the said comptroller and col- - -k&Wcf her Majesty’s customs in Nerth Britain, and fuch na- <

«d officer as her Majesty shall think fit to appoint, or any two of them, are hereby impowered to take, and to adminifter fuch . oath, as aferefaid, and the fame affidavits to keep in their cuf-tody, and in which certificate a true copy of fuch afiidavit shall beiofcrted; as likewife upon oath, to be made within any port ia bath Britain, by: the mafter or mafters of fuch ihip or veflel, ftiipt or vefiels importing fuch naval ftores. That the fame were truly laden on board-fuch fhip or vefiel, /hips or veflels, within Berth Britain, aforefaid, and that he or they know or believe that the laid naval-ftores were of the growth of North Britain aforefaid.

III.	Provided always. That the preetnptipn or refufal of fuch The pi-romp-

Berth	Briiijb naval ftores, be offered and tendred to the com- tion to b« ten-

miffioners of her Majesty’s navy upon landing the fame, and if ^0 n^flVoners within the term of twenty days after fuch tender, the said com- of the navy, nuffioners shall not contract or bargain for the fame. It fhall

and may be lawful for the importer or importers, owBer or owners of the said North Britijb naval ftores, otherwise to dif-pofe of the fame. .

IV.	And for the better preventing-any fraudulent iroporta-

tk» cf foreign naval ftores (not being of the growth and pro-duceof North Britain) to: South Britain, in order to get the rewards or premiums hereby granted for North	naval

flora ; he it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That if any person or persons ihaU, during the continuance of the said for-

.2 mcr

fuffer the penalties of wil-

•no rortcit xooL

Comptroller, See. making felfe certificate, liable to the penalties

*6	Annd duodecimo Axnm. C. io.

Making a faKe nier aft, and of this present ad, feIfly make affidavit of, and C0Un’ f^ear to the gmwth of any navalftores not being of the product tificate^&c^to North Britain, or shall counterfeit any Inch affidavit or ceti* ~ ~	' ficate, as herein is before deferibed, in order to get any the pie*

mtums hereby granted for North Brvtifb naval (fores, fuch per* fen or persons shall fuffer the like pains and penalties as are itw curred by persons committing wilful and corrupt peijury; and every fuch person and persons committing fuch offences, (hafl alfo forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, one moiety thefts of to the Quean’s mod excellent majefty, her heirs and fucoefe fors, and the other moiety thereof to any perfcn or persons that wdl fue for the fame, in any court of record of GreatBritm, wherein no eflbin, protedion, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance (halt be allowed; and if any comptroller* oal* ledor, or naval officer, shall make any faKe certificate contrary to the true meaning of this ad, fuch comptroller, collector, 6f naval officer, and every of them, fo offending, shall incur the

Carlfca + n ^ame P310* an<* Penalties> as any officer of any port for.the like .z.cap. ii. q^,!^ js |i^ble-to, in making a falfe certificate for goods and

merchandises, by an act made in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of King Charles the Second, {intituled. An a# for preventing fraudss and regulating abnfes tnhif Majeftfs cufhms.] Matter, be. V. And be it further enaded	the authority aforefaid, Tbit

imparting fo- jf my mafter or owner of any (hip or veffid (nail fraudulently iciffti <tore». f,top0rt or receive in fueh fhip or veflfel, to be imported into South Britain, any naval ft ores, not being of the growth ofNortb Britain, as naval (lores of the growth of North Britain, knowing the fame to be foreign naval (lores, and shall demand, or receive for fuch foreign naval (lores, any* the rewards or premiums here* by granted for North Britijh naval (fores, fuch mafter or owner shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds,-fo he fued for, aad recovered, in* Kke manner, as aforefaid, and the fhip or veflef in which fuch foreign naval (lores shall be fo fraudulently im* ported, with all her guns, tackle, apparel, andforninire, shall beforfeited to theQuecn’s majefly, her heirs and fuccefibrsi'

CAP, X.

An act for continuing tjie a fts therein mentioned,} for preventing theft and rapine upon the Northern borders of England., ** TTZHER EAS in the fejjion of parliament holden in the Mr* VV teenth and fourteenth years of the reign of our late fhvtreigu King Charles the Second, an aft was made, intituled, An act for preventing theft and rapine upon the Northern borders of Eng-land \ which was thereby io continue in force for and during the term sSCar. 2. c. 3. of five years: and whereas another aft was made in the eighteenth year of the fold late King, intituled, An act to continue a former ad to prevent theft and rapine upon the Northern borders of England; both which a fts were revived and continued by another aft made in the twenty-ninth and thirtieth years of the reign of the fail late King, intituled, An act for continuing two former ads, for presenting of theft and rapine upon the Northern borders of

England,

feign (lores, as of the growth of Scotland, to forfeit jooI. as alfo the flip. See.

Car,

c. 22.

*9 & 30 Car.2

C. 2.

17*31) Aanodaodddmo Ahmjs. c. rd	if

England, fir end during the /pace and term of /even years, and aljh from time until the end of the fitjl fefftoh of the then next parlia-mai\ wbieh three aforementioned alls, by bn all made in the fikft year of . the reign of King James the Second, intituled. An act for continuance of three former alts, for preventing of theft and rapine upon the Northern borders of England, were continued fat i Jac.*.c.i4. ini during the fpace and term of eleven years, and from thence unto ibelndoftheftrjfJeffion of the then next parliament; and were fur~ tier, continued by^au ail made m thefeventhand eighth years of the reign of the late King William the Third, intituled. An act to con- 7 be z Wj, am* four former afts for preventing theft and rapine upon the c* **• Northern borders of England, for and during the Jbace and term sfpveyears, and from thence unto the end of thefrjl fejfton of the nxt parliament y all which ails and every of them, by an ait made h the twelfth and thirteenth years of the hid late King William, fo- is k 15W. j titulfd, An act for continuing the afts therein mentioned^ for c* *• preventing theft and rapine upon the Northern borders of Eng~ tend -, and all and every matter, clause and claufes therein contained (aid all and every the powers and authorities' thereby given, were en~ dfledto continue and be in full force from and after the expiration of the therein lajl mentioned ail, for and during the fpace and term of deven years, and from thence to the end of the furjl fejjion of the next farlioment: and it was alfo by the Iqfi herein mentioned all provided end enabled. That thi fata alls Jhall be accepted, taken and reputed M be general and publici alls of parliament, of which all and every tbg judge and judges of this kingdom, in all courts, Jhall take notue on all Kcofmt wkatfoeveTy as if they were pubUck alls of parliament re± hstwg to the whole kingdom : all which alls have been found necejjarp for the preservation ofthfe places from that great number of lewd and liforier!) per fins that ufually frequented and. inf fled tboft parts, and art new near expiring; be. it therefore enafted by the Queen's moft excellent njajefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual^ and temporal arid commons, in this present - .n\ parliament adembled, and by the authority of the Came, That all the said afts, and every of them, and all and every matter, clause and claufes in them or any of them contained, and all and every the powers and authorities thereby given, shall continue and oe in full force from and after the expiration of the said aft| madfcin the twelfth and thirteenth years of the said late King Wi$am, for and during the fpace and term of eleven years, and from thence to the end of the first session of the next parliament, tad no longer. Farther continued by 24 Geo. 2. f.57. to 1 Sept*

1757. See 6 Geo. 2. c. 37.

*8	Anno duodecimo Annjb* c.iu [1713!

CAP. XI.

An act to raise twtlve hundred thousand pounds for pubHck ufcs, by circulating a further fum in Exchequer bills \ and for enabling her Majejty to raise five hundred thousand : pounds on the revenues appointed for ufes of her cMl government , to be applied for or towards payment of fucb debts and arrears owing to her fervants, tradefmen, and others, as are therein mentioned.

Preamble re- T\/T A Y it pleafeyour moft excellent Mojtjly, Whereas in parjuane* citing the arts JlVA of an aft of parliament made in the feventb year of your Ma-7 Ann. c. 7. jelly's reign (ammgft other things) for enlarging the capital (lock of l&chwuer	°f	Engknd,	feveral	bills commonly called Exchequer Um9

bill*/1 ^ere made forth, amounting in principal money to two millions and five hundred thousand pounds, for your Majejlfs Juppfy ; and in pur-fuanct of another aft of the famefeffion of parliament made {ammgft either things) for circulating a further fum in Exchequer bills 5 and of an aft made in the eighth year of your Majejlfs reign, intituled. An a & for granting an aid to her Majesty to be raised by a land-tax in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand fe-ycn hundred and ten, further Exchequer bills, to the amount of four hundred thousand pounds in principal money, have dlfo been ifJSud for your Majejlfs fupply: and whereas provifton was made in the alts jbefore mentioned. That the said bills should bear an interejl of two pence per cent, per diem, when they refpeftively should not be in the tublick receipts; and that the governor and company of the bank ef jEngland, for circulating the fend bills (by exchanging fuch of them for ready money as Jhould, from time to time, have paffed through your Majejlfs revenue or taxes, and dlfo through the Exchequer in the manner therein mentioned) should have an allnuance after the rate of three pounds per cent, per ann. for the whole fum of the said bills, 7 Amt. c. 7. amounting to two millions and nine hundred thousand pounds: and whereas in and by the said aft of the seventh year of your Majejlfs reign, certain duties were granted, continued, or made payable to your Majejty, your heirs and fucceffors, for ever (fubjeft to fuch redemption as is therein exprefid) that is to fay, the duties called the two thirds of a fubftdy of tonnage and poundage therein mentioned, which Were to take effeft by that aft, from the seventh day of March on* thousand Jeven hundred and eleven, certain duties upon coffee, cocoa nuts, chocolate, cocoa pajle, tea, nutmegs, cinnamon, cloves, mace, piftures and mttJHns, and certain increafed duties upon coffee, cocoa nuts, chocolate, cocoa pajle, tea, nutmegs, cinnamon, cloves, mace, and piftures, and certain further rates or duties upon all white calli-coes, porcelan, commonly called China ware, and drugs, all which Ore to take effeft by the aft laft mentioned, from the twenty-third day of June one thousand seven hundred and fourteen; and one half of another Jubfidy of tonnage and poundage therein mentioned, which is to take efftft from and after the lajl day of]u\y one thousand feyen hundred and fourteen 5 and all the said duties Jo granted, continued, or ... ...	made

29

p] Anno duodecimo Ann.®', c. t u

made payable, together with the furplus which Jhould, from time to time, arife of or from the other half of the fame fubftdy of tonnage andpheudnge (over and above eighty thousand pounds per ann. for-mriy charged thereupon for payment of annuities) and divers arrears ntaiher fans of money or revenues more largely defeated in the said eft of the feventb year of your Mafafiy's reign, are thereby, and by the other alts Mhovcmentioned, or fome of them, made a general fund qr jetuiity for paying the said interejt which was to be born on the fua bills, and Ihe said allowance after the rate of three pounds per cent, per ann, and for or towards railing a yearly fum of two hun-irtd ikenfand pounds for paying off and cancelling the said bills ; and the afarefard alts or fome of them, it was provided, that quarter* h at the fowr ufual feajls of the year, until the said duties /bould take and be fujjicient for payment of the said interejt and allowance, there jhould be a computation made of the fum which on every of the JoHJtaft. days should be due and- owing (over and above fo much as fmdhaoe been applied of the said duties to thofe purpofes) for the fad interejt and allowance, and that other Exchequer bilh should be made out for fo much as should be fo computed to be due, bearing the hkt ’mtereft, and for circulating whereof the feud governor and cm-potty were to have the like allowance of three pounds per cent, per aatu and the quarterly bills fo made forth until and for the quarter aided at Lady-day one thousand seven hundred and thirteen, have mooted to the further fum of four hundred and eighty thousand three hundred and twelve pounds, and ten /hillings, or thereabouts, and more quarterly bills of the like nature may further be iffuable on the I fad jormer alls : and by the Jamt alts, or Jome. of them, it was derived and enalied. That out of the remainder of the said duties and ramus, when and as the fanvc should refpeliively take effect (regard^ bring firfi bad to the said payments for interejl and circulation, which \ ore always to-be prejerred) the full fum of two hundred thousand faults, or fo much thereof as the said remainder would from time to rim extend unto, should be appropriated for paying off all the princi-1 fa money which should be contained in the said bills, and for cancel*

Hug the fane, until all the said bills should be difeharged and cancelled: Recital of and whereas by an all made and pajfed in the ninth year of your Ma- 9 Ann. c. 7. .w> reign, for enabling and obliging the bank of England to ex*

(hinge all Exchequer bills for ready money upon demand, it was emit* tiffhat ihe full fum of forty~jk e thousand pounds per ann. should k fad to and for the ufe of the said governor and company, and their faceffors, by quarterly payments, and by fuch ways and means, and in fab manner and form, as in that alt are preferred, until fuchtinte os ell the fad quarterly Exchequer bills made or to be made for intefej/t cr allowance, as of ore faid, together with a million of the Jaid bilh, for two mlhous nine hundred thmfand pounds Jhall be paid off and cancel* lei, or until fitch time as there /hall not be Jlanding out and uncancelled Were than one million and nine hundred thousand pounds in the whole if the fadbills for two millions and nine hundred thousand pounds, and quarterly bills taken together (which of the limitation?'afore fad Jbtitt fajl happen) as by the Jaid several alts, relation being thereunto re* faflively had, may more fully appear: and whereas the said governor

and

Anno duodecimo AnKje. c. i	'fi y	t

ctmpany	of tbt batik England art willing (for the pablhi	-

t/frr J to undertake the circulation of thefurther fum of twelve hundred thousand pounds in other Exchequer hilts to he tjjind for your Majefbfs

Jupplfy and of fitch quarterly bills for interest and other allowances9 as Jbeil and may he made forth in purfuance of this present aB, fi as the said governor and company may have fitch encouragements, and ftuh terms and advantages as are hereafter in this a£t expreffii: now we your Majesty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjetfts, the commons of Great Britatn in parliament aflembled, do humbly befeech your Majesty that it may be enaded, and be it enadted by the Queen's .moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons in this present Treafury may parliament aflembled, and by authority of the fame. That

iffue out i»ooooo 1. in Exchequer bills.

it

Bills to bear interest at * d.

per cent, per die

aiem to the bearer.

apd to the bank 31, per centum per annum.

(hall and may be lawful to and for the lord high treasurer of Great Britain, or any three or more of the commiflioners of the treasury for the time being, to caufe bills to be made forth at the receipt of the Exchequer, in foch manner and form as he dr they shall appoint, for any fum or fums of money, not exceeding in principal money the sum of one million two * hundred thousand pounds, for her Majesty’s fupply (over and above the -bills made forth, or to be made forth, by or in purfuance of the said former adts, or any of them) and to iffue the said bills for the said fums, not exceeding one million two hundred thousand pounds, for fuch publick ufes and services, whereunto the fame ‘are or shall be appropriated, or applicable, in fuch proportions as the (aid lord treafurer, or any three or more of the commit-iioners of the treasury for the time being, (hall, from time to time, direct and appoint.

II. And it is hereby enadted by the authority aforefaid, That the bills for the said fums, not exceeding one milGon two hui*-dred thousand pounds, and alfo fuch bills as are to be iflued quarterly in the manner and form herein after mentioned, shall feverally bear an interest after the rate of two pence per centum per diem, to,be payable to the bearers thereof refpedtively; which interest is nevertheless to be abated and faved upon fuch of the (aid bills as shall at any time or times be in the receipt of Exchequer, or in the hands or power of any receivers or collectors of any taxes, aids, or revenues payable to her Majesty, her heirs or fucceffors, during fuch time and times refpedfrvdy, as fuch bills shall be or remain in the said receipt, or in fuch hands or power, as aforefaid; and that the said governor and company, and their fucceffors, shall have, receive, and enjoy, to their own uie and behoof, an allowance after the rate of three pounds perjeutum per amumy upon all the said bills for the said fum not exceeding one million two hundred thousand pounds, and alfo upon the quarterly bills laft mentioned: neverthdefsit is hereby declared, That the (aid allowances of three pounds per centum per annum, for circulating the said bills (b to be made forth, shall commence and take effe& only in proportion as the fame shall be iffued at the Exchequer, and shall proportionally be abated,

- ceafe*

8?

171J.]	Anno dsockdtno Alitf Jfi, C* it,

ceafe, in$l detcnninc, as thc said bills, or aay of them* (haH hereafter come to bfe difcharged and cancelled*.

HI. And for better enabling the governor and company of the bank of England^ and their fucceflbrs, to circulate all the Ex*-chequer bills.made forth* and to be made forth upon this and the (aid former ads, by exchanging theiame* from time to time* for ready money upon demand* be it further ena&ed by the aur goool. (above thority aforefaid, That the full and entire yearly ium of xight the 450001. of thouland pounds of lawful money of Gnat Britain, (over above the yearly fum of forty five thouland pounds* mentioned y^y in the Cud recited ad of the ninth year of her Majesty’s reign.)	9

(hall be well and truly paid and fatisfied* unto and for the ufe oft)# (aid governor and company* and their (ucceffors* without 'any account, impreft, or other charge to be fet upon them for the feme* or any part thereof* and without any abatement for	K	-

taxes* or other caufe or occafion whatsoever; and that the laid yearly fum of eight thouland pounds, shall commence and take effed from the thirty first day of July, one thousand seven hurv- tQ C0mmC0lCM dred and thirteen* and be paid and fatisfied to the said governor 3, juiy, 1713. and company, and their fucceflors* by quarterly payments* that and paid quar-is to fay*, on the one and thirtieth day of Qflober, the one and tcrly* thirtieth day of January, the thirtieth day of Aprils and the one and thirtieth day of July yearly* by even and equal portions; the first payment thereof to be due on the one and thirtieth day of Qflober* one thousand (even hundred and. thirteen*

IV.	And it is hereby enacted* That the said yearly fum of To be paid eight thouland pounds* together with the yearly fum of forty till no more five thousand pounds* mentioned in the said recited adt of the

ninth year of her Maiefty’s reign* shall continue and be paid and cancelled, payable unto the faia governor and qompany, and their fuccef-(brs, until fuch time as no more than nineteen hundred thouland pounds* of all the said bilb ifliied and to be iffued for the (aid (urns* not exceeding two millions five hundred thousand pounds* four hundred thousand pounds* and one million two hundred thousand pounds ; and of all quarterly bills ifiucd, or to be ifiued in purfuance of this or the said former adit* taken all together* (ball be (landing out uncancelled in the whole.

V.	And it is hereby further enabled by the authority afore- subfidies, do-(aid*That the several fubfidies* duties* furplus monies* remains ties, Sec.

and arrears* which were granted or appropriated by the (aid ad ? Annas, (hall

of the fcventh year of her Majesty’s reign* and comprehended

in the general fund or fecurity by that ad eftabli(hed* shall be a fecurity.

food and fecurity* as well for fatisfying and paying* from rime

to time, all the monies which shall be due or payable for intereft,

after the rate of two pence pit centum per diem* and for the (aid

allowance of three pounds per centum per annum* for all the bilb

made out* or to be made out upon this or the said former a&x;

and aB the monies which shall grow due upon the (aid yearly

foms of forty five thousand pounds* and eight thousand pounds

((0 much ot the said yearly fom of forty five thousand pounds*

as ftul) grow due on or before the thirty first day of July, one

thouland

32	AnnoduodecimoAmur. c.if. [1713;

thoufand fcven hundred and fourteen, for which other pmvifions have been made, being only and always ekcepted) as aifo for or towards railing fuch a yearly fum as is herein after mentioned, for paying off and canceiling all the said bills iffued or to be Idiied, as aforefaid, in fuch order, manner and form as are herein after prefcribed; and that fuch of the said fubiidies, duties, furplus monies, remains, and arrears, as are already commenced or arifen, and the refidue thereof, as they shall arife and take effe<ft, shall be and are by this a& appropriated, and (haH be applied thereunto accordingly j any other adt or adts of parliament, or other matter or thing whatfoever to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

VI.	And it is hereby declared and enadted by the authority aforefaid, That the said allowances after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, for circulating the said bills upon this and the said former adts, (hall, from time to time, be paid and fatif-fied at the receipt of her Majesty’s Exchequer, to the said governor and company, and their fucceflors, weekly, or as foon as the fame can be fatisfied, out of the monies arifing by the (aid duties and revenues already commenced, or hereafter to commence or take place, as aforefaid, or by any of them, or fo far as the monies coming in from thofe duties or revenues, or any of them, will, from time to time, extend thereunto, fo as bjr fuch weekly.or other payments, the whole of the said allowances, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, due to the said governor and company, and their fucceflors, at the end of each quarter (reckoning trie quarters to terminate at the four mod ufual feafts of the year refpedKvely) be not exceeded; and that the lord treafurer, or any three or more of the common dif- m*®oncrs °f treasury, for the time being, (hall,- and he, charging*fate- and they are hereby impowered and directed, out of the monies reft on exche- arifing by the said duties and revenues already commenced, or quer bills. hereafter to commence or take place, as aforefaid, or by any of them, to iflue to fuch person or persons, as he or they mall think (it to intruft in that behalf, and upon fecurity to be given to his or their good liking, fuch fum or Aims of money, by way of impreft, and upon account, from time to time, and by fuch proportions at a time, as he or they shall find neceflary for discharging all the intereft, after the rate of two pence per xentrn per diem, which shall be due or demandable upon the said bills made forth, and to be made forth, upon this or the said former afts, or any of them, or fo much of the said interest as the money coming in, by or for the said duties and revenues, or any of them, will extend to fatisfy; the said interest to be dif-charged at fuch time, and in fuch manner and form, as by the (aid former a<fts, or any of them, was prefcribed, for difeharg-ing the interest of the bills thereby authorized to be iflfued. After paying VII. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That the interest of after paying or referving fuflkient to pay or fatisfy, from time % d. per cent. fQ time, fo much as shall be grown due or demandable for the per diem, mm ^ntereft 0f two pCnce per centum per diem, and allowance of

three

The 3I. per cent, to be paid weekly.

Treafury to

1713.] Anno duodecimo Annje. c. i i.	33

three pounds per centum per annum, then the monies which, allowance of from time to time, (ball be grown due to the said governor and 3 **r ^nn^the company, and their fucceflors, upon their other allowances be- £^5™"grown fore mentioned. That is to fay, upon the said yearly fum of due on tne eight thousand pounds, from and after the said one ana thirtieth 80001. and day of July, one thousand seven hundred and thirteen j and up- 450O0(l,^cr on the said yearly fum of forty five thousand pounds, after the qu"rteriy be hid one and thirtieth day of July, one thousand seven hundred paid to the and fourteen, shall quarterly, at the relpe&ive days and times bank, &c. before appointed for payment thereof, be paid and fatisfied to (he said governor and company, and their fucceflors, at the receipt of her Majesty’s Exchequer weekly, pr as foon as the fame can be latisfied out of the monies arifing by the said deities and revenues already commenced, or hereafter to commence and take place, as aforefaid, or fo far as the monies coming in from thofe duties or revenues, or any of them, will, from time to time, extend thereunto, fo as by fuch weekly or other payments the fums to be due to the said governor and company, and their fucceflors, upon their allowances laft mentioned, at the end of each quarterly day of payment thereof, be not exceeded : it being the true intent and meaning of this a61, That the said allowances after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, and the said payments for intereft, (hall, from time to time, take place and be preferred in point of payment out of the said fund, before the said yearly fums of eight thousand pounds, and forty five thousand pounds per annum, or .either of them; and that the said yearly fums of eight thousand pounds, and forty five thouiand pounds per annum, (as the fame are refpe&ivelv to commence and be charged on the fame fund, as aforefaid) (nail, from time to time, take place and be preferred in point of payment before the yearly fum herein after mentioned, for cancelling and difeharging the said Exchequer bills; The said former ads, or any of them, or any thine therein contained, or any other law or ftatute whatfoever, to the contrary notwithftanding.

VIII.	Provided always, and be it enadted by the authority a- Remainder forefiid, That after paying, or referving fufticient to pay fo appropriated much as (hall, from time to time, be incurred and grown due for or upon the said interest after the rate of two pence per cen- ingExchequer turn per diem, and the said several allowances after the rate of biUs. three pounds per centum per annum, and eight thousand pounds See 1 Geo.i. ter annum, and forty five thousand pounds per annum, which c,ia* are always to be preferred, as aforefaid, the full and entire year-1 *IS’ ly fum of two hundred and seventy thousand nine hundred ninety rune pounds and seven shillings (in which the abovesaid yearly fam of two hundred thousand pounds, is and shall always be undaftood to be comprehended and included) or fo much of the (aid yearly fum ot two hundred and seventy thousand nine hundred ninety nine pounds and seven shillings, as the remainder of the said fund, mall, from time to time, produce for that purpofe, shall be and is by this adt appropriated for paying off ill the principal money contained or to be .contained in all and Yoi. 20Ii.	D	every

Anno duodecimo Aniub. c. n. £1713.

every the Exchequer bilk made forth and to be made forth, by or in purfuance of this and the laid former ads, or any of them, and for cancelling the fame, until all the (aid bills (halt be, dif-charged and cancelled, and (hail be iffued and applied to and for that ufe and purpofe, in fuch manner as the lord treafurer, or any three or more of the commiflioners of the treasury for the time being, (hall, from time to time, dired and appoint in that behalf; and that the iffues thereof shall be made weekly, or as faft as the fund hereby eftablilhed shall produce money into the Exchequer for the time, fo as by fuch weekly or other payments in any quarter, the fourth part of the yearly fum lad mentioned for that quarter be not exceeded.

IX.	And for making good as well the said interest after the rate of two pence per centum per Hem, and the said allowances after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, upon aji the bills iflued and to be iflued, as aforefeid, as alfo the said yearly fum of eight thousand pounds, until the said fubfidies, duties, forplus monies, remains, and arrears, compofmg the said general fond and fecuritv, by this, and the (aid former a&s intended to be eftablilhed, or fo many of them as shall be fuffioient for thole purpofes, shall have taken effe<5t; be it ena&ed by tho authority aforefaid, That the lord high treasurer of Great Bri-tain, or any three or more of the commifiioners of the treasury VifhcdUnd ®°r lbe-tunc being, fhall, and he and they are hereby required takes'effeft an(* i^powered, upon every of the four ufual quarterly feaft treasury to * days of the year which shall happen, until the said fund or feeu-compute rity shall be fuflidfcrtX for paying and fatisfying the said intereA quarterly the 0f two pence per cctiium per dim, and the said allowance of three swdowing &c. Poun<*s P*r centum pet annum, as aforefaid, to compute, or caufo ’ to be computed, the fum, which, on every of the laid foaft days, shall be due and owing (if any fuch then be, over and above fo much as shall have been applied to thofe purpofes, of the said fubfidies, duties, and futns of money lall mentioned) upon and for the said intereft, after the rate of two pence per centum per diem, and allowance after the rate of three pounds per centum pier annum, upon all the bills iffued or to be iikied according to die tenor and true meaning, of this and the faid. former acts ; and shall upoo every of the four quarterly days by this a<5t appointed for payment of the said yearly fum of eight thousand pounds, compute or caufe to be computed, the fom which on every of thofe quarter days shall be due and owing (if any fuch then be, over and above fo much as shall have been applied foe payment thereof out of the fubfidies, duties, and fums of money aforefaid) upon or For the said yearly fum of eight thoufend pounds, according to the tenor and true meaning of this alt; And to make and the said lord treafurer, or three or more of the coramiffion-out other bills cr$ 0f the treafuiy for the time being, shall make out, or eaufe rhall°be due 10 be made out other Exchequer bills, fot; fo much as shall bo with likeinte- fo computed to be due (if any fuch then be) on every ftich feaft reft and cur- or other quarter day, for fuch intereft, and for fuch allowance tcncy, gf three pounds per centum per annum, aqd for die (aid yearly

«	ftun

35

1713.] Anno duodecimo Ann.®, c. it;

fum of eight thousand pounds refpeftively; which other bills shall bear the like interest of two pence per centum per diem, and the (aid governor and company shall have the like allowance, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum for circulating thereof; and that the said quarterly bills to make good the hid allowances, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, and the said yearly fum of eight thousand pounds, until fuch time, as aforefaid, shall be dated on the refpeftive quarter Jays to which the feme allowances and yearly fum refpeftively,

(half be computed, and be iffued and paid to the said governor and company of the bank of England, and their fucceflors, in fa-tisfeftion and difcharge of fo much of the said allowances after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, and of the said yearly fum of eight thousand pounds, to be paid them in purfuance of this aft ; and the said quarterly bills intended to make good the said interest after the rate of two pence per centum per diem, shall be HRied at her Majesty’s Exchequer, for paying off and difcharg-ing, or to raifc money for paying off and difcharging all the interest which shall be due upon all and every or any the bills made forth, or to be made forth, in purfuance of this or the (aid former afts, or any of them, until fiich time, as aforefaid.

X.	Provided always, and it is hereby enafted, That in cafe Deficiency to foe produce of all the (aid fubfidies, duties, and revenues, apT be made goo$ propriated for the several purposes aforefaid, shall at any time or by P^ha-times appear to be fo deficient, that within any one year, the mcilt*

laid refpeftive fubfidies, duties, and revenues, after all of them shall dr ought to have taken effeft, shall not be fufficient to an-fwerandfttisfy the several and refpeftive purposes to which the lame are by the said former afts, and this present aft, or any of them, appropriated or intended to be applied, then and ia cray fuch cafe, and as often as fuch deficiency fhalj happen, the fame shall be provided for, anfwered, and made good, by and out of the next aids to be granted in parliament.

XI.	Provided also, and it is hereby enafted by the authority Surplus dif-afordaid, That if the produce of the said fubfidies, duties, and P°**Wc by revenues, appropriated, as aforefaid, shall at the end of any *** ama[|t* * quarter of a year (reckoning from Lady-day, one thousand feven

hundred and thirteen) exceed the money due at the end of every fiich quarter, for all the purposes aforefaid, fo that there shall w an exccfs or furphis of the (aid funds, fuch excefs or furplus shall be difpofable, from time to time, for the publick ufe and fovice, by the authority of parliament, and not otherwise ; any tMhg herein, or in any other aft or afts of parliament contained to the contrary notwitnftanding.

XH. And fee it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That all Thefe bills the tdd bills, which shall be iflbed for the laid fums not exceed- (bail be fubjeft ing one million two hundred thousand pounds, and the said quarterly bills to be iffiied in purfuance of this aft, shall be re- drafts Sc£ crivtd and taken, and be current in like manner, and with fuch	1

privileges and advantages, and fubjeft to fuch rules and direction, n arc: jpreferibed by the said former afts, or any of them,

D %	for

36 .	Anno duodecimo Annje. c. i r.

for any of the bills, thereby authorized to be iiTued ; . amd that the said governor and company, or any of the members thereof, shall not incur any difability for circulating the fame, or for or by reafon of their doing any matter or thing in purfuance of this aft.

The powers, XIII. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, mcraa?Cre°.r' That the said former ads above recited or mentioned, and all lating to Ex- the powers, authorities, privileges, and advantages, rules, dichequer bills, reftions, pains of death, and other penalties and forfeitures; to be in force, claufes, matters, and things therein contained (bang now in force) touching or concerning the said Exchequer bills ifliied in purfuance thereof, or any of them, or touching or concerning any the fubfidies, duties, or funds therein mentioned, or any way relating thereunto (fuch alterations as are therein made by this aft only excepted) shall continue and be ufed, exercifed, jnflifted, raifed, levied, applied, and put in praftice and execution, in relation to all and every the Exchequer bills ifliied or to be' ifliied upon the said former afts, or any of them, or upon this present aft, and in relation to the said fubfidies, duties, and funds, and every of them, as fully as if the said powers, authorities, privileges, advantages, rules, direftions, pains of death,

. and other penalties and forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things /	(except	as aforefaid) were again repeated and re-enafted in Hie

body of this present aft$ any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

Yearly funis XIV. And it is hereby declared. That the said yearly fums of allowance,and eight thousand pounds, and forty five thousand pounds, and the free. *taX" allowance after the rate of three pounds per centum per an-and interest after the rate of two pence per centum per diem, and the said bills to become due by this or any former aft, or any part thereof, shall not be liable to any tax or afleflment whatfoever.

Bank oblired *XV. And be it enafted by the authority aforelaid,Tbatthe said to .exchange governor and company of the bank of England, and their fuccef-for rcadv mo- Tors, (in confideration of the said allowances and yearly fums neyall fixchc. hereby enafted to be paid to them, as aforefaid) do and (hall, quer bills:	anj they arc hereby obliged and required, until all the Exche-

quer bills made forth, or to be made forth, by or in purfuance of this and the said former afts, or any of them, shall be dif-charged and cancelled, to exchange for ready money all fuch of the laid Exchequer bills, as from time to time, and at all times, shall be in the hands of any person or persons, and be demanded of the said governor and company to be exchanged for ready money, whether fuch bills, or any of them, shall or shall not have pafied or had a currency in her Majesty’s revenue or* taxes, by paying unto all fuch person and persons, in ready money, the fum or fums for which fuch bill or bills fo required to be exchanged, were iflued, or which die owner or owners of fuch bills shall be entituled unto by fuch bill or bills refoeftively, together with the interest that (hall, at the time of (uch demand, be due on fuch bill or bills refpeftively, and fo toties queries as often

37

I7J3*1 Anno duodecimo Anna. c. it.

often as fuch bill or bills shall be demanded, as aforefaid; any daufe, matter, or thing in the said former adts, or any of them, contained to the contrary notwithftanding: and in cafe the said governor or company, or their fucceflors, or their cafhicr, shall negledt or refofe to exchange any fuch bill or bills for ready money, as aforefaid, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this present ad, upon demand thereof made at their chief office, which (during the currency of the bills before mentioned, or any of tnem) shall be kept at fome place within the city of Lon-don* by the (pace of twenty four hours, then the person or periods demanding the fame, or the person or persons for whose account fuch demand shall be made, shall and may, and are In default hereby enabled to bring his, her, or their action of debt, or up- may h« fued« on the cafe for the fame, againft the said governor and company, or their fucceflors, in which adtion the person or persons fo bringing the fame, shall and may declare. That the said governor and company are indebted to the plaintiff or plaintiffs therein, the money demanded upon the laid bill or bills, according to the form of the (tatute, and have not paid the feme, which shall be fufficient; and the plaintiff or plaintiffs in fuch adtion or actions, shall recover againft the said governor and company, not only the monies fo negledted or refufed to be paid, but alfo damages, befidcs full cofts of fuit; and the said governor and company, and their fucceffors, shall be, and are hereby fubjedt and liable thereunto; in which said adtion or adtions, no efloin, protedHon, or wager of law shall be allowed, or any more than one imparlance.

XVI.	And for the better enabling the said governor and com- Bank may pany of the bank of England^ and their fucceflors, to exchange, contrail with upon demand, the said Exchequer bills according to this adt* it others for fur-is hereby enadted by the authority aforefaid. That they the (aid mo* governor and company, and their fucceflors, at any time or times J from and after the palling of this adt, during the currency of the bid bills, or any of them, shall have full power and authority, and they are hereby authorised, at their own good liking, to oontradt and agree, in fuch manner as they shall think fit, with any persons, natives, or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate (with whose abilities they shall be well fetisfied) for and concerning the fcrntthing of monies, from time to time, by fuch persons or corporations, to the (aid governor and company, and their fucceflors, on fuch terms, and under fuch penalties and iorfritures, as they shall find neceflary for the better enabling them to exchange all the said bills upon demand, and to perform this undertaking; which contradts or agreements, on the part of the said governor and company, are to be performed and made good at their own charge,

XVII* And it is hereby declared. That (uch contradts inSuchcontraa* writing made, be made without being damped, and shall not ch^Tgtcr be chargeable with any duties on ftampt vellum, parchment or duties, paper, or any penalty or forfeiture incurred for not damping the * jauc; and the laid governor an4 company of the bank of Eng-

D 3	land)



(

&

Anno duodecimo Annjb. c. n.

07**-

Further fealed bind, aad their fucceffors, have hereby power, from time to

bills may be iflued to the

time, to iffue out bank bills under their common feal* not ex*

their members, for circulating, &c.

mount of the seeding in principal the amount of the fums of money which contracts. shall be called in by theiq, or paid, from time to time, upon fuch contrads or agreements, as aforefaid, (over and. above the fum which they have already liberty to iffue in fuch bank bill or bills, by any former ad or ads of parliament in that behalf;) any law or Statute whatfoever to the contrary notwithdanding. Bank may call XVIII. And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That it in money from shall and may be lawful for the laid governor and company of ‘	the bank of England, and their fucceffors, for the better circu-

lating the Exchequer bills to be made out in purfuance of this ad, or other their necessary occafions, to call in, or dired to be paid unto the (aid governor and company, and their fucceffors, from and by the relpedive members of the said company for the time being proportionally, according to their relpedive interefts in the fund or capital (lock of the laid governor and company, any fum or fums of money, which the laid governor and com* pany in a general court, from time to time, shall think necefia-ry for the said circulation, or fuch other necessary occafions, and mall accordingly order to be called in; which monies shall be called in upon luch notices, and in fuch manner, and shall be. anfwered and paid by the members under fuch penalties as are direded and prescribed by any other ad or ads of parliament for any other monies thereby authorized to be called in by the said governor and company in purfuance thereof; and that all executors, admlniftrators, guardians and trudees, shall be indemnified in paying the fame; and that it shall be lawful for the said be* nfa<Je "art g°vernor an<* company, from time to time, in a general courts of tlbe capital t0 declare, order, and make the (aid money fo called in, or or-' •	dered to be called in, as aforefaid, or any part thereof, and from

fuch time or times as fuch general court shall order and dired, to be added to the capital (lock of the said governor and company ; and that then, and from thenceforth, fuch monies shall be deemed and taken, to all intents and purpofes, as and for part of the capital dock of the said governor and company, and the capital ilock of the said governor and company shall be proportionately enlarged thereby; any thing in the said lad mentioned ad, or any other law, datute, or provision to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithdanding.

XIX. And be it enaded. That all and every the privileges, ex-relating ito the eoaptions and advantages, and alfo all the rujks, r^dridions and to be^xtend- diredions, and other matters and things contained in any former ed to the fame ad or *ds of parliament now in force, concerning the capital fo enlarged, (lock of th# said governor and company* shall be extended to their capital dock fo to be enlarged or increafed, as aforefaid. t Bank tontinu- XX- A]>d »* a batfof tama*. w»d declared. That the go-ed till all the vemor and company of the bank of England, and their fuccck fors, shall continue a corporation, with ail the poweft*privileges and advantages thereunto belonging, until all the said Exchequer

Monies fo

dock.

All rules, lrc.

Exchequer bills be dif-Cbargcd,

bill*, iflued, tod to be iflued by virtue of the faid. other ads, or

any

1713.]	. Aaino duodecimb A&ttM. cl 11.	39

aBy of them, and by virtue of this pfefetat aft* shall be difcharg-ed and cancelled; any thing in this or the said other acts contained to the contrary notwithitanding.

XXL Provided always, and it is hereby farther enafled, After ^ the That from and after the complete paying off, and dHcharging bj]jSf &c are all the principal and interelt, which shall be due oh all the said difcharged,the Exchequer bills, ifiued and to be iffued ih purfuance of this and several rubii-the (aid other a&t, and canceINng all the fataie bills, and fall fa-tisfadhon made of all arrearages (if any shall be then due) as to JJ” redeem-well of or upon the said allowance after the rate of three pounds ed by parlia-per centum per annum,, as alfo of or upon the said yearly fums ment. of forty five thousand pounds, and eight thousand pounds, or either of them; then and not till then, the several fubfidies, duties, and revenues, by this and the said other ads, or any of * them, faded or appropriated, as well for payment of the said interest of two pence per centum per diem, and the said allowance after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, and the said yearly fums of forty five thousand pounds, and eight thou-£uad pounds, as alfo for railing the said yearly fum of two hundred and seventy thousand nine hundred ninety nine pounds, and (even shillings, and every of them, shall be underliood to be redeemed by parliament, and shall not be iflued, paid or applied to any ufe, intent or purpofe whatfoever, without the authority of parliament.

XXII.	And it is hereby declared to be the true intent and The (aid fubfi-meaning of this alt, That the feme fubfidies, duties, and reve- dies, See. may nuos, fo fettled and appropriated in relation to the said Exchequer be redeemed, bills, may be redeemed from the said governor and company,	[Jco-

and their fucceflors, in the manner and form preferibed in the tte^unds. foregoing provifo or condition, without redeeming any other the funds or fecurities by the said alt of the seventh year of her Mqefty’s reign, or by any other of the said alts relating thereunto, fettled or made payable to the said governor and company, and their fuccefiors; any thing herein, or in any other alt or a& of parliament contained, or any other matter or thing whatever, to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithitanding.

XXin. And whereas by the said aft made in thefeventh year of j Ann*, e. 7. btr Mejejiy's reign, it was declared and enafted, That the said go-	1

verttor and company of the bank of England, and their fuccejfors, fir tvtry Jbould continue and be one body corporate and politick, and fnuli for ever have, receive and enjoy the intire yearly fund of one hundred thousand pounds therein mentioned, out of certain rates and duties of exdfe therein deferibedy and fuch abilities, capacitiesy pow-triy authorities, franchifesy exemptions, privilegeSy profitSy and advantages^, as are therein exprejfedy fubjeft nevertheless to a power and (sedition of redemption in that aft contained in that behalf: and it was thereby provided and onafteiy That at any time upon twelve mmtbs notice after the first day of Auguft, winch Jbould be in the year of our Lord one thoufandfeven hundred and thirty-twoy and not before, end upon repayment by parliament to the fend governor and company tf the bank of England, or their fuccejfors, of the several fumsy a-

D 4	mount-

40	Anno	duodecimo Annjbvc. tu £17*3.

mounting to fixteen hundred thmfand pounds, therein mentioned, mkh-out any deduction, difount, or abatement whatfewer, to he made out of the said fum of fixteen hundred thousand pounds, or any par f thereof, and upon payment to the said governor and company, and their fuccejfors, of all arrears of the said one hundred thousand peuhds per annum, and all the principal and inters/! money, which Jbsidd he owing unto them upon all fuch tallies. Exchequer-orders, or parliamentary funds, which the said governor and company, or their facc(ffori,fhould have remaining tn their hands, or be entitled to, at the time of fuch notice to be given, as aforefaid, (fuch funds, for redemption whereof other provision was made in the fame aft, only excepted) then, or in fuch cafe, and not tilt then, the said yearly fund of one hundred thousand pounds Jbould ceafe and determine, as by the fame aft (relation being thereunto bad) may more plainly appear: now for the better encouragement of the said governor and company of the bank of England, to perform the service of circulating all the Exchequer-bills, according to the true meaning of this a ft, it is hereby de-Provifoin elated and enacted by the authority aforefaid. That the said re-7 Ann. for de- cjtc(j provifo or condition for determining the said yearly fund wzrly fund * one hundred thousand pounds, upon twelve months notice, and corpora- after the said first day of Augujl one thousand seven hundred tion, un twelve thirty two upon fuch payments, as aforefaid, shall be, and is months notice hereby repealed and made void; and that the said governor and ana,repealed. comPany	the bank of England, and their fucceffors, for ever,

^	* shall remain, continue and be one body corporate and politick,

by the name of the governor and company of the bank of England, and shall for ever have, receive and enjoy the said entire yearly fund of one hundred thousand pounds out of the said rates and duties of excife, together with a perpetual fucceffion, and all abilities, capacities, powers, authorities, franchifes, exemptions, privileges, profits and advantages whatfoever, whereunto the governor and company of the bank of England are, or before the making of this aft were entitled by any aft or afts of parliament, grants or charters whatfoever, now in force; fubjeft neverthelefs to fuch reftriftions, rules, direftions, agreements, matters and things, as in the said afts and charters, or any of them, now in force are contained or prefcribed; and alfo fubjeft to the power and condition of redemption, hereafter in this aft contained in this behalf.

On 11 months XXIV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enafted by notice after the authority aforefaid. That at any time upon twelve months i Aug. i74*« notice after the first day of Augujl, which (nail be in the year m<mtToPtbe our ^ord onc t^ou‘an<* ^even hundred forty two, and not bank of before, and upon repayment by parliament to the said governor i,6oo,oool.&c. and company of the bank of England, or their fucceflors, of the the yearly said fum of fixteen hundred thousand pounds, without any dc-ioooooI to ^uftion, difeount or abatement whatfoever, and upon payment fcsUe. * to the said governor and company, and their fucceftors, of all arrears of the said one hundred thousand pounds per annum, and all the principal and interest money which shall be owing unto them upon all fuch tallies. Exchequer orders, or parliamentary

1713-] Anno duodecimo Annjb.* c.ii.4	'	41

mentary funds, which the (aid governor and company, or ' their fucceflbrs, shall have remaining in their hands, or be enT titled to at the time of fuch notice to be given, as aforesaid (fiich funds, for redemption whereof other provision is made in the (aid former ads, or any of them, or in this ad, always excepted) then and in fuch cafe, and not till then, the said yearly fund of one hundred thousand pounds shall ceafe and determine,

XXV.	Provided also, and it is hereby enafted, That from Afterredemp-and after fuch redemption of the (aid one hundred thoufend tion, &c. cor-pounds per annum, and from and after redemption shall alfo be Poratio.n to made by parliament of the annuity of one hundred and fix dctcrmmc* thoufimd five hundred and one pounds, thirteen shillings and

five pence per annum, by the said ad of the seventh year of her Majesty’s reign, fettled and payable to the (aid governor and company, in the manner therein mentioned, and from and after redemption shall likewife be made of the fund eftablifhed by this ad, in relation to the (aid Exchequer bills, then, and not till then, the (aid corporation of the governor and company of the bank of England shall ceafe and determine, but till then, the said governor and company shall continue a corporation, and shall have and enjoy all the powers and privileges they are now entitled unto, as aforefaid.

XXVI.	And be it further enafted and declared. That this Publicfe aft. ad shall be efteemed'in all courts of law and equity to be a •

publick ad, and notice thereof shall be taken as fuch by all courts and persons accordingly.

XXVII.	And whereas by an aft of parliament made and pajfed Recital of the in the first year of her Majesty’s reign, intituled, An act for the * Ann®, better fupport of her Majesty’s houftiold, and of the honour “**• *•c

and dignity of the crown, it was enafted and declared, That the hereditary rates and duties of excife upon beer, ale, and other liquors, which were granted to the crown in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majefly King Charles the Second, and the duties of excife upon 1% Car. c. 13. heer, ale, and other liquors, by the said aft of the first year of her Mttjtfifs reign granted to her Majefly for the term of her life (fub-jtft nevertbelefs to fuch weekly payments or incumbrances as were thereby appointed to be charged upon, and payable out of the several duties of excife before mentioned) and the revenue of the general letter office or poft office, and divers fmall branches of her Majeftfs revenues therein enumerated, and the monies arifing by the further fubfidy of tunnage and poundage^ and other duties upon wines, goods, and merchandizes, by the said aft granted or made payable to her Majefly during her life, Jbeufd be for the fupport of her Majesty’s houfbold, aid of the honour and digntty of the crown; and in the said aft fevered provijions are made to restrain granting or aliening the revenues aforefaid, or any of them: since which time the revenues of fifl-fmts and tenths of the clergy (being part of the said fmall branches) have been otherwise difpofed by or in purfuance of an aft of parliament 5 Ann. c. 14. in that behalf \ and tie revenue arifing in the general letter office or poft office bath been since regranted and increafed, and part of that revenue fo regranted and increafed bath been appropriated to raifit

money

4*

, Ann. c. 10.

Anm^uoderiftiu Atoto/ C/tiv	Xl7*3•

money for the pubibck ufie,	0f£/r part thereof is app&cabk to	the

/uppert of her Majefifs )bid houjhold, ami the honour and dignity of the crown, purjuant to another aft of parliament madefor tbofo ends and purpofies, at by the said rtjjptftive afts, relation being thereunto bad, may more fully appear: and whereas by occafitonof fevered extraordinary expenses fines the find aft of thefir fly gar efhtr Majefifs .reign, divers arrears of fialar'us, wages, diet-monies, and other allowances, and fiundry debts for emptions, provijhnt, and other caufes, have incurred, and grown due to her Majefifs forvants, tradeftntn, and others, and do now remain unfafisfita, which debts and arrears do amount to a very confidtrable fum in'the whole, and are properly chargeable upon the said branches or revenues which were appointed

Hid* being defiroas that her Majesty, in tit admiuiftretion of bar civil government, my not remain under any difficulties, in rejpeB of the arrears or debts contrafttd, as aforefaid, and being therefore do-Jirous that a fum not exceeding five hundred thousand pounds may be raified, by fitch ways and means, as in this aft are authorized or appointed, the better to enable her Majesty to dificharge the said debts and arrears, do, for that end and purpofe, tnofl humbly pray that it may be enabled y ahd be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Qpeen’s moft excellent majefty,by letters patents* to be made and pafied* at

the Exchequer,

of the crown, &c.

Her Majesty, by letter* pa-

TObVTc^oof. any t*me or timcs> on this fide or before the five and twentieth per annum for day of December, in the year of our Lord one thoufimd (even years, to be hundred and thirteen, under the great feal of Great Britain, to liiiied out of limit, appoint, fet, and appropriate, any fum not exceeding thirty five thouland pounds per annum, to be iilued or paid by weekly or quarterly payments, as her Majesty shall therein df-xc&$ at the receipt of the Exchequer, for and during any term not exceeding thirty two years, to commence and be redtoned from the feaft of Saint Michael the Arch-angel, in the year of chargeable on aUr Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirteen; and that the revenues ^ ^ vearjy	charged	upon,	and payable out of

all the (aid revenues, duties, and branches, which were appointed for the ftipport of her Majesty’s houfttoW, and the honour and dignity of the crown, as aforefaid, as well thofe which are hereditary m the crown, as thote which were granted during her Majesty Vlife, as aforefaid, and every of them, during all the laid term of thirty two years, in caie her Majesty (whom ,God preferve) shall fo long live; and in cafe of her Majesty’s dciotfe Within the laid term, then the said yearly fum, not exceeding thirty five thousand pounds per annum, shall be charged upon, and be paid and payable out of the hereditary revenues, 'duties, and branches laft before mentioned, for and during fo Jong time as (hail be then to come and unexpired of and in the said abfolute term, not exceeding thirty two years, to be reckoned from the time aforefaid; all which payments shall be made with preference to all other payments whatfoever, which

(hall

and preferable to all other payments.

v^»ooQle

*7*3-1

Anno duodecimo AMm. c. it.

43*

(ball at majr hereafter be charged upon the bine revenues duties and branches, or any of them.

XXVIII.	Provided always, and it is hereby cnaCted by the But not to authority aforefaid, That this aCt, or any thing herein contained,	any

or any matter ot1 thing to be comprizea in fuch letters patents, ^/Vnce*1!* as aforefaid, shall not extend, or be conftrued to make yoid, Ann. of the alter, or prejudice any difpofition, appropriation, appointment, first fruits, matter, or thing whatfoever, contained in any a & or aCb of poft office, &c. parliament made since the (aid aCfc of the iirft year of her Ma~ jefty’s reign, of or concerning the said revenues of first fruits and tenths of the clergy, or of or concerning the said revenue arifing in the general letter office or poft office, or any other of the revenues or branches aforefaid; but that the. fame difpofi* tions, appropriations, appointments, matters and things, shall continue, and be in force, and shall take effeCt, and he oh« fcrved, as if this ad had not been made : nevertheless fo much of the laid revenue arifing in the general letter office or pod office, as is applicable to the ufe of her Majesty’s houfhold, or for fapport of the honour and dignity of the crown, as afore~ hid, shall be liable for or towards making good of the said ytuly fum intended to be charged by fuch letters patents, as is Debit mentioned; any thing herein, or in fuch letters patents, to be contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXIXi And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid. Letters pa-That it shall and may be lawful to and for her Majesty, by fuch *ent8 Inters patents, as aforefaid, to direCt and appoint by what me-thods, .and upon what terms, and in what manner and form, paid, the said fum, not exceeding five hundred thousand pounds, foe the purposes aforefaid, shall and may be raised and paid, and andtoimpowu to authorise, permit and impower any person or persons, na- p^rfons to tives or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate (who are or fame^c.

(hall be willing) to advance or contribute the fame, or any part ’

thereof, and to dired and appoint how and in what manner the

laid fund, not exceeding thirty five thousand pounds pgr annumy

or any (hares or proportions thereof, or the payments out of

the fame, shall be difpofed, aliened, fettled or applied, for the

faisfadion of the persons who shall advance or contribute the

laid fum, not exceeding five hundred thousand pounds; any

law for fuppreffing of lotteries, or any other law or ftatute to

the contrary notwithftanding: and likewife to dired how and and to dired

in whit manner the monies, which shall be payable to any per* h?w thc

Ion or persons out of the said yearly fund, shall and may be ^^sfenredL

transferred and affigned, from time to time, without power of

revocation, with fuch further powers, directions, and claufes,

to be infefted in the said letters patents, as may beft conduce

to the effedual fettlement of the said yearly fund, and the fa*

tisfadion. of the contributors thereupon; which said letters pa- Thc letters

tents fo to be made and pafied, ana fuch powers, directions, patents good

ind daufes* fo to be contained therein, shall be firm, valid, m law*

and effectual in law, according to the true meaning thereof,

ind of this present act y the (aid rcftriCboas in the said act of

the



44

No fee to be taken.

nor money to be diverted.

on pain of in capacity, and treble damages.

Money advanced, tax-free.

Appropriation of the fe-veral fupplies granted tnis ieflion. i* Ann. flat. c« a.

ix Ann. flat, i. c. x.

Anno duodecimo Anna*, c. ii. [1713.

the first year of her Majesty*s reign, or in any ad for fuppreff-ing of lotteries, 'or in any other adt or adts of parliament urhat-foever contained, or any other law, ftatute, matter or thing whatfoever to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

XXX.	And it is hereby enadted by the authority afofetaid. That the proper officers or persons, who (hall, from time to time, be intruded or concerned to pay the monies of the hud revenues into the laid receipt of Exchequer, for anfwering the* said yearly fund laft mentioned, and the refpedtive officers or persons in the said receipt of Exchequer, who are, from time to time, to make any payments out of the fame yearly fund, pur-fuant to the directions of fuch letters patents, as aforefaid, shall perform their refpedtive duties therein, without demanding or receiving, diredtly or indiredtly, any fee, reward, or gratuity for fo doing, from the party who is to receive fuch money ( and in cafe any fuch officers or persons shall take or demand any fuch fee, reward or gratuity, or shall contrary tp the directions to be contained in the said letters patents, and the true meaning of this adt, divert or mifapply any of the monies which ought to be paid into the said receipt, and iffiied thence, upon account of the said yearly fund, every fuch officer or person shall be incapable of holding any office, or place of truft or profit under her Majesty, her heirs and fucceftors, and shall aho forfeit fcre~ ble damages to the party grieved, to be recovered, with full cofts of fuit, by adtion, luit, bill or information, in any of her Majesty’s courts of record at Wefiminfier, wherein no edbtn, privilege, protedlion, wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed.

XXXI.	And it is hereby enadted. That any money to be advanced or contributed, or that shall be payable to any peribn or persons, or to any corporation whatfoever, by virtue of this adt, and of .fuch letters patents, to be paffed in purfuance thereof, as aforefaid, shall not be charged or chargeable with any rates, taxes, duties, or impofitions whatfoever.

XXXII.	And be it enadted by the authority aforefaid. That all the money lent, and to be lent to her Majesty upon one adt of this session of parliament, intituled. An a&for grant* ing an aid to her Majefly, to be raised by a land-tax in Great Britain, for the feruice of the year one thousand /even hundred and thirteen> and fo much money (if any fuch be) of the tax thereby granted, as shall arife and remain after all the loans made or to be made upon that adt, or thereby transferred or diredted to be transferred thereunto, and the interest thereof, and the charges thereby allowable for railing the said tax, shall be fatisfied, or money fufficient shall be referved to difeharee the fame $ and all the monies lent, or to be lent unto her Majesty upon another adt of this session of parliament, for granting to her Ms^efty duties upon malt, mum, cyder and perry, for the fervicc c* the year one thousand seven hundred and thirteen \ and £b much money, of the said duties of malt, mum, cyder and perry thereby granted) as dull arife and remain after all the Ioann

made

L.ooQle

!7i$] Aiiaoduodecimo Ann^c. o. i r;	45

madeortol* m&de uppn that aft, or thereby transferred or directed to be transferred thereunto, and the interest thereof, and the charge thereby allowable for the railing the said duties thereby granted, shall be fatisfied, or money Sufficient shall be referred to difeharge the lame; and all the fums (not exceeding twelve hundred thousand pounds) authorized by this a£t to be iffued in Exchequer bills, shall be appropriated for or towards the several ufes, intents and purposes herein after ex-prefled, (that is to fay) for or towards defraying the charges of die ordinary of her Majesty’s navy, and for victuals, wages. Ordinary of wear and tear, and other services of the navy, and victualling navy» thereof, performed and to be performed, and for fea-fervicc in the ordnance, performed and to be performed, fo as all the if-futs to be made out of the said aids or Supplies, for all the naval or marine services before mentioned, do not in the whole exceed one million and two hundred thousand pounds, over and above the money to be made good to the South Sea company, as is herein after mentioned 5 and for or towards defraying the charge of half-pav, to fuch officers as have ferved well at lea in Half-pay for the late war, and shall be out of imployment by fea or land in fea °“ccri* time of peace, fo as fuch half-pay, within the year one thousand (even hundred and thirteen, do not exceed Seventeen thou-fand pounds, out of the fame aids or fupplies ; and for or towards defraying the charge of the land-forces in her Majesty’s Land forces service for fix months, from the two and twentieth day of De- ft>r 6 months, cmber one thousand seven hundred and twelve, to the three and twentieth day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirteen, both inclulive, and for reducing their numbers ; and for Guards and or towards the charge of her Majesty’s guards and garrifons in garrifons.

Great Britain, from the three and twentieth day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirteen, to the five and twentieth day of December following, including general officers and contingencies ; and for or towards the charge of her Majesty’s Forces in Mi-forces in the illand of Minorca, from the four and twentieth norca. day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirteen, to the four ana twentieth day of December following; and for or to- Forces in GU wards the charge of her Majesty’s forces in Gibraltar, from the braltar. four and twentieth day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirteen, to the four and twentieth day of December following 5 Forces at and for or towards the charge of her Majesty’s forces at Dun- Dun|g* for S Hri for five months, from the four and twentieth day of June 10011 ** one thousand seven hundred and thirteen; and for or towards Troops of defraying her Majesty’s part of the charge of the pay of the SaxcGotha* Saxe Gotha troops, from the two and twentieth day or December one thousand seven hundred and twelve, to the time of their difiniffion, with one month’s pay from that time, according to the treaty in that behalf; and for or towards defraying Forces in the the charge of her Majesty’s forces in the plantations for fix plantations, months, from the four and twentieth day oijune one thousand seven hundred and thirteen, to the four and twentieth day of December following; fo as all the iffues to be made out of the

faid



Half-pay for the marmot.

Half, pay for land officers.

Out-penfion-ers of Cheifea hofpital.

Extraordina-nes of the late war.

Ordnance for land fcrvice.

Deficiency of the daft lottery.

Salaries* &c. of commit fioners of accounts. xiAnn.ftat.r

c* !•

Salaries, See. of the com-miflioners for Rating the

Anno duodecimo Ann M. C. i r. [17 rj,

said aids or fupplies, for the foid guards, garrifons* and land-* forces, as aforefaid, for or upon account of fuch refpeftive far-vices, as are before mentioned, do not in the whole exceed nine hundred thirty seven thousand fix hundred and eight pounds, eleven shillings and fix pence ; and for or towards defraying the charge of half-pay to the officers (who had ferved well in the said war) of four marine regiments to be difoanded, from the first day of July one thousand seven hundred and thirteen, to the four and twentieth day of December following, fo as fuch half-pay for the said marine officers do not exceed four thousand eight hundred seventy nine pounds, and fix (hiHings, out of the aids or fupplies aforesaid ; and for or towards defraying the eharge of half-pay to the land officers who have ferved well m the said war, and are difbanded, or are to be difbanded, to the five and twentieth day of December one thousand seven hundred and thirteen, fo as fuch half-pay to the said land officers do not exceed ninety nine thousand twenty and eight pounds, fix fhillings, and eleven pence, out of the fame aids or fupplies ; and for or towards defraying the charge of the out-penfioners of the royal hofpital at Cheifea, to the four and twentieth day of December one thousand seven hundred and thirteen, fo as the charge laft mentioned do not exceed the sum of sixty one thousand four hundred sixty and four pounds, five shillings, and seven pence, out of the aids or fupplies aforefaid; and for or towards defraying extraordinary charges incurred in relation to the late war, fo as fuch extraordinary charges do not exceed in the whole4 twenty thousand five hundred seventy and two pounds, five shillings, and ten pence, out of the aids or fupplies before mentioned; and for or towards the charge of the office of her Majesty’s ordnance for land service, performed and to be performed, not to exceed in the whole fixty-fix thou-fend fix hundred ninety and eight pounds, three shillings, and five pence, out of the fame aids or fupplies, including fo much (not exceeding two thousand pounds) as shall be neceflary to defray the charge of covering the works of the fortifications already begun in North Britain; and for or towards making good the deficiency of the fund granted for the payment of principal and interest of the dafs lottery in the year one thousand seven hundred and eleven, for the year ended at Michaelmas one thousand seven hundred and twelve, fo as the fum to be fupplied out of the aids or fupplies aforefaid, for or towards the fame deficiency, do not exceed sixty tlvO thousand pounds ; and for or towards fatisfaftion of the sum of fix thousand pounds to defray the falaries and incident charges of the seven commissioners, continued by an aft of this fdfion of parliament for ftatinjg the publick accounts of the kingdom, from the four and twentieth day of March one thousand seven hundred and twelve, to the fire and twentieth day of March one thousand seven hundred and fourteen; and the further fum of four thousand and fire hundred pounds, to defray the falaries and incident charges of the fame conuniffioners* continued by the feme aft for ftatmg and

6	determining





1713.] Anno duodecimo Annjb. c. 11.	47

determining the debts to the atmy, from the four and twentieth debts to the day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirteen, to the anliy* four and twentieth day of June on* thoufartdfeven hundred and fourteen $ the laid refpe&We fogas to be- iflued and paid by quarterly payments to the said commiffionefs, for themfelves* and for payment of thedr clerks, and - other incident charges, without account, knpreft, or other charge to befet upon them or any of them for the fame, or any part thereof* and to none other ufes, intents, and purposes whatibever.

XXXIUv Provided always,- and k is hereby ena&ed and de-dared, That no appropriation. Or other matter Or thing in thie ^ ad contained, shall obftruft or hinder any payment or pay- payment by meats, which, by and in purfuance of an a« made in tnethe treasurer ninth year of her Majesty’s reign, intituled. An act for making^ makegood deficiencies, and fatisfying the publick debts; and for ere fling a dcfkknci^S wferatim to carry on a trade to the South Seas; and for the en* the South Sea MiMf/ment of the. fijbery; and for liberty to trade in unwrought corporation in inn with the Jubjelis of Spain, and to repeal the alts for regijiring p'T^“ce jeamy and of her Majesty’s charter grounded thereupon, are9/*w^**,# or shall be required and authorized to be made by the treasurer or paymafter of the navy, for the time being, or by any other pcrion* to be intruded with the publick monies for the iervic# of the navy, out of fuch publick monies, tallies, orders, or parliamentary fecurities in their hands or power refpc&ivdyi ; as are or shall thereby be charged or chargeable to make good | any deficiency or deficiencies to the corporation erefled in pur-franco of the act laft mentioned,- called by the name of the governor and company of merchants of Grart Britain, trading td the South Seas, and other parts of America, and for incouraging thefflfcery, or to their treafurer, for their ufe; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXXIV. And be it further enafted and declared. That all debt* . fach of the said arrears and debts (intended by this aft to be fa- ^ t0 tisfied out of the said fum not'exceeding five hundred thousand fed, affigned* pounds, to be raifed, as aforefaid) and all debentures for the before 30 June tone, or any of them, as have been, at any time or times be- *7*3* ra*y be frit'the thirtieth day of June one thousand seven hundred andrcdccmc ,&Cl1 thirteen, ibid, afiigned or granted, or covenanted to be affigned or granted, or for which any authority hath heretofore been pmi or granted* by any of her Majesty’s fervants, or by any huiband of any her Majesty’s fervants, or by any mdefinan, 0* other perfon, who ferved provifioos or goods for her Majesty’s fctnee, or by my of their executors or adminiftrators, to re* cove the frme, or any part thereof, to the ufe of fuch buyer,

See, or grantee, or of fuch person or persons foauthorized, and may be redeemed, and are hereby redeemable by the persons yaho made fach fales, aflignments or grants, or that gave fuch authority refpeftively, or by their refpeftive executors or adminiflrators, on payment of the principal fum of mo-x^ry paid in confideration or making fuch fales, aflignments, grama* covenants q? authorities refpeftively, with the charges

and



4&	Aimp	daodecfepo Anna. c.*a'	[171J1,

afid intcrtft for the lame, from the time of the payment thereof, after the rate of fix pounds per centum per annum, dif-deunting for what hath been received, for or in reaped of the arrear or debt, by any fuch per (bn or persons, tp whom fuch $ale, affignment pr authority was made or given; and upon payment, or tender of the said principal money, interest and charges, fuch (ale^ grant, affignment or authority, and alJ coveJ nants and agreements concerning the fame shall be void* Redemption XXXV. Provided neverthelefs. That fuch redemption, as t© be within 6 aforefaid, be made within the fpace of fix months from and af-ter the end of this session of parliament.

Claim to be XXXVI. Provided always; That no fuch redemption fliall entered jn the be allowed, unlefe the party, who shall claim the benefit there-do cnter or cau^c to ^ ontred a note or memorandum of cameduebe* fach claim in the office where the said arrear or debt became fore Sept.* due, in a book to be kept in every fuch office for that purpofc, >713.	on or before the nine and twentieth day of September one thou-

farid seven hundred and thirteen.

Saving daufe.	XXXVII. Saving always.to all and every person and perions*

bodies politick and corporate, their heirs and fuccefiors, executors; adminiftrators and affigns (other than to her Majesty, her heirs and fucceffors) all fuch rights, titles, estates, cuftoms, in-j terefts, claims and demands whatfoeyer, of, in, tp or, out at any of the revenues or hereditaments, charged or chargeable by firtue of this alt with any fum not exceeding thirty five thou-fend pounds, as they or any of them had or ought to haye had, before the making of this alt, as fully to all intents and pur-pofes, as if this alt had never been made; any thing herein) contained to the contrary notwithfianding.

Appropria* XXXVIIJ. Provided always, and it is hereby enalted by the tion of	authority aforefaid. That the said fum of five hundred thou-

500,000!.	fend pounds, or fo much thereof as shall be raifed, as aforefaid,)

is hereby appropriated, and shall be applied and difpofed in aid Qf the said revenues or branches, which were appointed for fup-j port of her Majesty’s houihdd, and of the honour and dignity ;©f the crown, for or towards the paying and difcharging of ftich Arrears of falaries, wages, diet money, and other allowances, and fuch debts for eraptions, provifions, and other qaufes, as shall appear to be juftlv due and owing to her Majesty’? fervants, tradefmen, and others, as aforefaid, andtononei Other ufe, intent or purpofe whatfoevcr.

CAP. XII.

An act for the better regulating the forces to be continued in her . ftyVfervioe j and for the payment of the said forces, and of their . quarter*. EXP.

..........'	CAP.



49

CAP. XIII.

An of} to cnabk fiKb officers and foldiers as have been in her Mdjcfty's service, during the late war, to extrcife trades, and for officers to account faith their Jbldiers.

WHEREAS there hath been and are divers officers and folders who have ferved ixr Majesty in the late wars, and were inflrumencal, by the bleffing of Almighty God, in obtaining an advantageous peace for theft kingdoms, feme of which are men that ujed trades, others that were apprentices to trades, who had not ferved out their times, and others who by their own induftrj have made themfehes apt and fit for trades, many of which (the wars being now ended) would willingly tmploy themselves in thofe trades which they were formerly accuftmed to% or which they are apt or die to follow, and make ufe of, for the getting their living by their own labour, but are or may be htndred from exerctfmg thofe trades in certain cities and corporations, and other places within this kingdom* heemfe of certain by-laws and eufloms of thofe places, and of the fault made in the fifth year of Queen Elizabeth, prohibiting the ufe 5 Eli*. c» 4) if certain trades by any person who hath not ferved as an apprentice tt fuch trade for the fpace of f even years: for remedy whereof, be it enacted, &c.

Officers and foldieTs who have not deferted the service, having ufed anjr tnde, or that were apprentices, arid did not serve out their times, may fet op and exercife trades : that is to fay, apprentices may fet up their trades, though they have not ferved out their times, and others any trade in the counties where they were born. And if indifted, may plead the general itfue, and shall recover treble cofts. Service, how to be proved.

Penalty or* producing a forced commiflion, or falfe certificate. Payma-ten to ftate accounts of dimanded regiments, and pay the arrears to the cobnds. Colonels to ftate accounts with the captains; and the captains with inferior officers, &c. and pay what is due, on forfeiture of double the Ano. Disbanded foldiers letting up trades shall be freed from arrelta for three years, and their ftock, &c. from being taken in execution,

Esecntors of colonels, agents, kc. who died indebted to the officers and (btdim, shall pay fuch debts, preferably to all others. Executors having

a debts before the making of this aft, fuch payment shall be good.

er this, nor the 10 Sc n W. t. c> xi. shall prejudice the privileges of Oxford and Cambridge. EXP.

CAP. XIV.

An aB for explaining the ails for lictnftng hackney chaits#

WHEREAS by an aft of parliament made in the ninth year 9 Ann* c. uyj ef her now Majefiy's reign, intituled. An act for licenfing md regulating hackney coaches and chairs, and for charging certain new duties on ftampt vellum, parchment and paper, and on cards and dice, and on the exportation of rock fait for *

Irebmd, and for fecuring thereby, and by a weekly payment out of the poll-office, and by several duties on hides and {kins, a yearly fund of one hundred eighty fix thousand fix hundred apd feyenty pounds, for thirty two years, to be applied to the witfaftion of fuch orders as are therein mentioned, to the con-Voi. XIII.	E	tributes*





£9	.; A^OO d«o4qcitno A

tributors of any fum not exceeding two millions, to be radfed for carrying on the war, and other her Majesty*$ occafions, a P*wr ws'given to the cmmfifimrsx therm	At IrnAt

iy# bmdre4 thajrf within th$. cities of J^qndpaand, Wcfa&i*&cr, end fuburbs thereof and aUpari/hss and, places within the weekly frills of mortalityy for the term of thirty two years, from the four and twentieth day of June one thousand /even hundred and eleven ; *opud 10 Ann.c. by another alt of parliament, made in the tenth year of Whi ireigef |f f. 15S. her find Maiefiy* the said commissioners had a power far thi&cc*fbeg an additional number of chairs* not exceeding one hundred? fram'd* twenty fourth of June one thousand seven hundred and twelve, /b* the term of thirty one fears* withinthe atics and liberties uforafmt^ fo that the whole Jhall not exceed three hundredc and whereas hyObo aforesaid aft* made in the ninth year of her find Mqefty's rtigre* A 9 Azin. c. *3. if, amongjl other things, enabled, That the find commissioners flbmtfb in the firjl place, licenfe aH fuch per font as had then been antim* eoacbmeny or ancient chairmen, or the widows of any of them* tenhe/h they should negleft or refufe to take fitch licences, upon the rOfpe&rvu terms thereby allowed* within a tyafonable time to be limited by the said commissioners, not lefs than twenty days: and whereat firuaral doubts have arifen, whether the said commissioners art obliged by the said a cl of the ninth of the $>yeen% to Ikenje the widows efebairmest* or to let them have the benefit of fuch licences as were granted to tbubr hu/hands whilft\ living> and several fuits of law have been commenced^ thereupon, to the great opprcjfton and grievance of the parties cmh concerned j be it therefore enabled by the Queen's mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpU titual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament ^crsHidl in ^eiI1^e^ an<* bY authority of the fame. That the coronji^ the first plaot fioners for the time being, for licenftng coaches and c&airii* licence the wi- purfuant to the recited a<fts mentioned, shall and are hereby re* dows of hack- quired, in the first place, to licenfe all and every the widow and unlefs th^enCn, vv^ows °f fuch hackney chairman or chairmen refpedHvely, wft9 negleft tatake have died, or fliall die poffeflcd of any licence or licences, grant* out fuch li- ed by the said commiflioners in purfuance of the said alts, un-ccnccin area* lefs fuch widow or widows shall negleA or refufe to tafc*Diclh fonablc time. ijcences Upon the refpe&ive terms allowed by the said teck« afts, within a reafonable time to be limited by the kid o#<jl-miflioners, not lefs than twenty days.

Such widows, n. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed by the authc-and Servants r**y af°re^id. That fuch widow or widows, their chairs, ier-I^$ to:fuph vants, and every other person or persons carrying thf fanan^ rules, &c. as (hail be fub]e<5l and liable to fuch rules, penalties, puni^pm^nV, other licenied orders, and bye-laws, made, or to be made, concerja^og;.J|rr Com^mtea bf 9Cnfcd hackney chairs, by virtue of the f^id recited a&s* as iSGeo.*.cti6. o*her licenfed chairman is by the (aid a<fts liable, uqtp; apy to i4 June in this atft, or in the said recited ads, contained tp tb^conttacf S7S0, &C0 in any wife notwithftanding,

. ,exi»





Annb tfuodcchno Annjb. c. 15,16.	5*

./	-	cap.	xv.	;

4**8 foe making perpetual an alt made iff the feventb year of thefrign of the late King William, intituled. An aft td prevent falfe and double returns pf members to fervfe in'parliament.

TXf HEREAS in thefiventh year of the reign of the late King 7 & * W. 3V vr William the Thirds an alt was made, intituled. An adt td c. 7. prevent falfe and double returns of members to serve in parliament, and was thereby enafied to continue for the term of /even j/tors, end from thence to the end of the next feffions of parliament, end no longer; which alt by another alt made in the twelfth year of i*& 13 W. > the reign of the said late King, intituled. An adt for continuing a c* S* former aa to prevent falfe and double returns of members to serve in piriiament, was enalted, Jbould thereafter be in force for and during the term of eleven years, and from thence to the end ofthe first feffhns of the next parliament, and no longer ; which said aid kes been found by experience to be very ufeful for the prefirvation of tie rights of the several counties, cities and boroughs of this kingdom, in the okHion of members to serve in parliament, and being near expiringv be it- therefore enadled by the Queen’s mod excellent tnajefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiri-tnal and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament afembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the said adt jnsdein the seventh year of the reign of the late King William The aft 7 & f the Third, intituled. An alt to prevent falft and double returns of^-f c* 7* mentors’to serve in parliament, and every claufe, matter and PcrPc* • thingtherem contained, shall be, and is hereby declared to b$ iswfdrce, and is hereby made perpetual.

- C	CAP.	XVI.

4**8 for the letter encouragement of the making of fail-cloth in Great Britain.

Meft Gracious Sovereign,

tTTrtE^E AS the making of fail-cloth in Great Britain is of Tv great ufe and benefit to the nation, being fet up in feygral parts of this united kingdom, imploying many thoufands of the. poor, Qti is vmgbt to great perfellion; but by the duties on hemp andflan imported* and drawback on foreign made (ail-cloth exported, the ma~ hh tf pfitifh faiUcloth have not a fuffident encouragement for fit nfefiu md beneficial a manufaliute 5 therefore we vour Majesty'* moft dutiful and loyal fubjedts, the commons ot Great Britain in p*Hi«mcat aflembled, have given and granted to your Ma-r jefty ftch additipnal duty upon foreign fail-cloth to be imported, airfiereih after mentioned; and do moft humbly befeech you* Majesty, That it may be enadted; and be it enadted by th* Queen's moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and tpnfcnt of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, ifi, this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of th?

Ea	fame.

52

After at July 1713. a fur* ther duty of xd. per ell,

Anno duodecimo Ann#. C. iff.



fame, That from and after the orie *nd twentieth day of July one thousand feyen hundred and thirteen, pyer and abqye xu. per cu, fubfidies, duties, impofitions and payments, already due ana laid on foreign payable, or which ought to be paid to her Majesty, for or Q^on fail-cloth. See. fuch foreign made fails and fail-doth, or canvas ufualty efihred imported for Hollands Duck or Vi try canvas, which shall be fit attd proper even yeai-s. tQ ^ ma<je ^ 0f^ jfor. makjna of fails for navigating (hips,and veflels, and which shall be imported into Great Britain by Way Except canvas of merchandize, except fuch canvas as is of ( the product and ^t^ prod^manufa^fure of Ireland, there shall be raised and levied^colle^ed of Ireland.	pay	unto jier Majesty, her heirs and fucceflors, a farther

. .	duty of one penny per ell, and after that rate for greats or

lefler quantities, during the term of seven years, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament, and no longer; the fame to be raifed, levied, collected and recovered^ by fuch ways, means and methods, and fubjed to fuch penalties and forfeitures, and in fuch manner and form, as any (ub-fidy payable to her Majesty, for any other goods or merchanr dizes imported, or to be imported, may by any law or laws now in force be raifed, levied, colleded and recovered.

Out of the II. And whereas hemp and flax imported draws back nothing of said duty shall ike duties paid for the fame, wnen wrought up into Britiftifail-doth 1 nwzrdof Td* !t ena<&ed by the authority aforefaid. That out of the f^id per ell for fail- additional duty of one penny per ell, a reward or recompeoce r cloth made in of one penny be given and paid for every ell of Britijb made Great Britain, foil,cloth or canvas, fit for or made into fails, which from and t^efai<Ttime a^ter ^ie one an<* twent^etb day of July one thousand f^vea shall be ex- hundred and thirteen, and within the said term of seven years, ported. or at anv time before the end of the then next feflion of parliament, mall be exported out of Great Britain by way of mef-The exporter chandize: provided always, That the exporter of fuch Britijb to make oath made Jail-cloth shall always, before he receives any fuch reward* madein**	oath	(which	the proper officers of the cuftoihs have here-'

GreatBritain, Power to adminifter) that fuch fail-cloth was made in Great is adually ex* Britain, is adually exported or (hipped to be exported, witheut ported, &c. jmy intention to be rebnded in any part of Great Britain f and that ho former reward upon this ad was made for the f?toe fail-cloth.	.-

Penalty of re- - III. And it is hereby enaded, That if any Britijb made taiP landing (ail- cloth, for which fuch reward shall be given, shall be relanded in Great Britain, the fame shall be forfeited; and every perfan concerned in bringing back or relanding the fame, fliall forfeit two shillings for every ell fo brought back or rdanded; one moiety of which forfeitures shall be to her Majesty, and the other moiety thereof to fuch as will feize, inform or fue for the fame, or the value thereof, to be recovered by adion, biil,/fuit or information, in any her Majesty’s courts of record at JPyt-toinjtert or in the Exchequer at Edinburgh wherein no Cfloin, protedion, wager of law, or more than one imparlaince shall be allowed. 7his all is continued for seven years by 10 Geo-1. c, 17. f 4. and by 20 Geo. 2. c. 45. to 1 June 1754, .^.

CAP.

cloth tor which fuch reward has been given.



lyip] Anno duodecimo Anna. c. 17*

CAP. XVH., ,

An iatSt fd vefi in the commissioners far building fifty ntaa wiv churches in and about London and Wcftminfter; andfybufbs thereof,, as much of the ftreet near the May-Pole in the Strand in the county 0/ Middlesex, as Jball U Sufficient to build one of the said churches uponand f for roffering to the principal and fcholars of King’s Hall and college of Brazen Nofe in the univerfity of Qxon, their fight of prefentation to churches and chapels in Stepney

X17HEREAS by an dft of parliament faffed in the ninth year 9 Ann. c. *t. ** of her Majefifs rtign, intituled, An act for granting to her Ma)efty several duties upon coals, for building fifty new churchefr in and about the cities of London and WeJlminJUr, and filbuTbs thereof, and other purposes therein mentioned, it if (ortmgft ether things) enabled, That it should and might bo law-fid to ana for her Majesty, by Utters patent under the great foal of Great Britain, to nominate, conflitute and appoint fuck persons as berMajefiy should think fit, to be commijjionert, to enquire and infirm tbmfehes in what parijhes the said netu churches (except one for Greenwich) were moft necessary to be built, and of proper places far the fifes of the said refpeftive new churches; and alfo a cemetery ir cburcb-yqrd for each of the said churches; and alfo which of the (ktpefs within the said parijhes are fit to be made partjh churches 5 and that tbfy should afeertain the several houfes, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, and the bounds and limits which in their judgments or tfirilk1 might be fit to be made diftinft parijhes: and whereas her Nkdefy, by Utters patent under the great feal of Great Britain, kmnidate at Weftmirtfter the one and twentieth day of September	tenth year of her reign, did nominate, conflitute, authorize

end appoint Thomas lord archbijhop of Canterbury, John lord arMijfbop of York, John lord bijbop of Briftol, Henry lord bi/hop f London, Jonathan lord bijbop of Winchefter, Nathaniel lord ti/bopof Durham, and divers other persons, to be commissioners fo? the purposes aforefaid; and whereas by another aft of parliament

3fed in the tenth year of her Majeftfs reign, intituled, An act for 10 Ann. c. 11 argftig the time given to commissioners appointed by her Mapty, purfuant to an ad for granting to her Majesty several dunes on coals for building fifty new churches in and about the citfes of London and Weflminfier, and fuburbs thereof, and otlp^atpofes therein mentioned ; and for giving the said com-foiffiphers further power for better effeding the fame 5 and for apffeSntihg monies for rebuilding the parish church of St. Mary m the city of London, it is, amongft other things, enaft-My That the commissioners, or any five or more of them, jhould pro-tied h dp and perform att and every the matters and things in and by ty foM'dfti* intended to be done and performed ;• and it is thereby provided bnd e/tifttd, That it should and might be lawful to and for * • y*	E 3	her

GoO£ .2

54

AnnodoKlecU^	t*?i$

her Majefiy, her heirs and fuccejfors, at any time before the twenty ninth day of September one ihoufaud Jevek hundred and txaebe, if litters patent under the great fed of Great Britain* to nonaneU csnftitute and appoint fuch persons to be cmnuffionen to iexecute aA and every the powers in the firjl recited aft, and in the said taft aft mentioned, as her Majesty jbould think fit: and Whereas her Majesty 4id, in furfuance of the said lafi Recited aft, by letters patent under the great fed of Great Britain, beating date the seven and twentieth day of September one tboufand seven hundred and twelve, nontimtc, qmfiitute and appoint Thdmas Virtf orthbijbrp df Canterbury, John lord archbijbop of York, Simon lord Harcourt, then lord keeper of the great ftal of Great Britain (now lord high chancellor of Great Britain) John duke of the county of Buckingham and Normanby, Henry Vifcoknt Boliogbroke, the right reverend fktbir in Get William lord b\/bop of Chefter, and the right reverend father in GflfPhilip then lord bijbop of St. Davids (now lord bifixtft of Ulan ford) and divers other perfcHs, to be commijfwiers \ and that they, m any five or more of them, Jbould do, perform, and execute all DMi every the powers, matters and things, in and by the said recited aftii and either of them, appointed to be done and performed : and whereas the vacant piece of ground at and about the May-Pole in the Strand in the county of Middlesex, is a proper place for the building one tf the said fifty new churches upon, which cannot be appropriated to tbit Hfe, without the aid of parliament \ be it therefore etiaded, tfc.

The wafte ground in the Strand on which {he new church is to be beilt,* yelled in thecoinmiflioners appointed by letters patent bearing date ay Sept. 1712. Such church to be deemed one of the fifty new ones. A ftfefct way and paflage to be left on the north fide and ealt end of tbe find church.

9 Ann- c. i£. IV. And whereas by an aft made in the firjl fejfion of this prefint a private aft. parliament, intituled. An act for confirming to the principal and fcholars of King's Hall ai>d college of Brazen Nofe in the uni-verfity of Oxon, the purchafe of the advowfons of Stepney and pther churches, and for fettling the fame to the benefit of the (aid college, it is provided. That it Jhqll and may be lavtful to and for the said principal and fcholars, and their fucccjfors, upon every vacancy, from time to time, to nominate and appoint refpeftivety fit clerks to officiate in the chapel of Stratford^ Bow, and in all otptp churches or chapels that then were or should be built, within the pa-rijb of Stebunheath alias Stepney in the county of Middlesex, and to receive the profits belonging to the fame: and whereas by a chefs in an aft made in the second feffions of this prefect parliament, inth fo Ann. c. 11 . tided. An act for enlarging the time given to the cammiffioners appointed by her Majesty, purfuant tp an alt fpr granting to her Majesty several duties pn coals, for building fifty new churches, in and about the cities of London and Weftminftir and fuburbs thereof, and other purposes therein mentioned \ and alto for giving the (aid commissioners further poyvers for beeteir effecting the lame, and for appointing monies for rebuilding the Jparifh church of Saint Mary IVoolnoth in the city of London, it is enafted) That in every neiu church anfi parish Us be erefted or *yonjlitutcd



tyrgi]	ADnadsodedino ANKJE. c.:rS.	SS

mtfthutd purfitatUtt the font* aff {fiber than fuck cbepth eprimgM	the; jams off,Jbould be convertedinto parochial

shetrft.refftrfbauld be nominated and appointed by. her Mqefty, of too mfitch new ebureb and parijh\ in which aff there being no tx~ frcffjaving to	'the Jaid principal and	fcholart,. and their fiecujfon, ef

their right Upon every vacancy, from time to time-, to nominate or pro*

Jmt njpeffivefy./it cleris to officiate, as aforefaid, it he axtmerted, whether the firfl	reffor in every new church

afhy to be	eroded Srtonftitutedpurjuant to the fame ail, in the

parijbof Strbunbeath alias Stepney, aetdedfo chapels within the fome pari/b as Jbould be converted into parochial	,	pur-

joatt to\ibe jame aft, might belong to the	principal and fibolan/,

end tbeir fxcctffors, to nominate and appoint: now for the preventing <of «lf •fuch cofctroverfies, it is hereby ena&ed, itfe.

The principal anil Icholaft of Brazen Nofe in Oxford, (ball nominate the fan rector in Ovary new chorch or chapel turned into a church in Step-ntyjjarift. hfotking in this aft shall prejudice the right, tee. Of John

CAP. XVIII.	'

AndS for Mating perpetual the aft made in the thirteenth Vtil fourteenth years' of the reign of the lute King Charles the Second,	intituled, An act for the better	relief of die

phot of this kingdom •, and that perfofts bound apprentices to, or being hiredfervents with per Jons coming with certificates, jhaUnot gain fettlements by Jucb services or nfpmtieefinps i and for making perpetual the made in thefistth year of her prefint Majeftfs reign, intituled. An ' for the importation of cochineal from any ports in fyahi, during the present war, and fix months longer; and for reviving a clause in an aSt made in the ninth and tenth years of the reign of the late King William,

Ah aft for fettling the trade to Africa, for allowing foreign topper bars imported, to be exported.

WHEREAS an aft made in the thirteenth and	ij-fthCms.*.

years ef the reign of the late King Charles Second, inti- c* **• ttlei, An a& for the better relief of the poor of this kingdom, toss stuffed, to have continuance (i except what related to tbo corps* retms therein mentioned, and thereby conftituted) only until the tvntfmntb day of May one thaufand fix	fixty	five,	and

fim thence to the end of the firfl fejfions of the next ; which find off,by an	aff made m the firfl year	ef the reign of the

lots Eng James the Second, (except what related to the ihMn mentioned, and thereby conftituted) was enaffed to be hi forte i Jac. a. c. if.’ from the firfl day of May me theufandfix hundred eighty-five, and . ft	tomtnuufir	the fpate offieven years, and from thence to the end

of the next fejfionsof parliament ; and by an aff made in the third and ftvtb years ef the reign ef King William and gluten Mary,

E 4	-



d

$6	Anno	dpodecimo AMt.au c. rt,	(971 jj

3 & 4 W* & M. the said aft (as f# what therein rioted to the fktkmentof the poor} c* “•	was enacted te he in fern from the first day of March #*# ihoufimA

fix hundred ninety-one; hut no prowfion was thereof mndefiremft swing divers other,parts of the find oft, which Jind aft, iXtjtuMf An act for the better relief of the poor of this kingdom, a$ to M parts thereof not mentioned and continued m and by the fend aft made 4&5W.&M. in, the third and fourth years of their late Majefiies (other them and. c. *4. f. ii# except what relates to the corporations mentioned in thefind off* £ Foe the better relief of the poor of this kingdom,] and thereby eon? fiituted) was, by an aft made in the fourth and fifth years of The reign of their late Majefiies, continued only for we fpaee offer** years, from the thirteenth day of February one tboufandfix hundred ninety-two, and from thence to the end of the next feffidn of parliament', which /aid aft afterwards by an a# of the eleventh and twelfth 11 & 1* W. 3. years of the reign of the late King William the Third, intituled, An °* 1	ad for continuing several laws therein mentioned, was continued

only for /even years, from the twenty-ninth day of September one tboufand/even hundred; and which said aft of the thirteenth need I Ann.c. 34; fourteenth years of the reign of the said late King Charles the Second, intituled, An act for the better relief of the poor of this kingdom, by an aft made in the fifth year of the reign of her prejint Add-jefiy, intituled, An act for continuing. the laws therein mcn~ tioned relating to the poor, and to the buying and felling.of cattle in Smitbfield, and for fupprefling of piracy, was enaftfd to be in force from the twenty-fifth day of March one thoufastd finest hundred and f even (except what relates to the corporations therein men-tioned, and thereby confiituted) only for seven years, and from thence y to the end of the next feJRons of parliament; which said aft of the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of the said fine King Charles the Second, intituled, An act for the better relief of the poor of this kingdom, being found to be a very, vfefsd and neuffary Amended by	law, and being near expiring; be it therefore enaded by the

j i Geo. 1, Queen's moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice ana con-c*l9#	font of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons, In this

prefent, parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, T.t* ad 13 U That the said ad, made in the thirteenth and fourteenth veers 34Car. ».c.i2. pf the frid late King Charles the Second, intituled. An act for made ptrpe^ ^ ^ftter rigef f pQOr tfts kingdom, shall be and is hereby made perpetual.

* II. And whereas by an aft made in the eighth and ninth years of the i & 9 W. 3. reign of the late King William the Third, intituled, An act for fop* c	plying fomc defeds in the laws for the relief of the poor of this

kingdom, It was among/} other things wafted, in the words foil owing, < viz.) That if any person or persons whatfoever, that from and after the firfi day of May one tboufand fix hundred ninety seven fbaft com into any parijb, or other place, there to inhabit or reftde, jball, at the fame time, procure, bring, and deliver to the churchwardens or over* jeers of the poor of the parijb or place where any fuch person fhaH come to inhabit, or to any or either of them, a certificate under the hands and feals of the churchwardens and cverfeers of the, poor of any *	ether parijb, townjhip or place, or the.major part,of them, or wide*

the



lyijiJ] Antodnodtedmo A k. ff/t	.	*

thoJsakhoni\fiik df the wvorfiurs of the poor 6f atryothe^ldffy^ wbrtibertat* Mb cbkrckwardenSy to be attejbd fefieCthjtly Vp )wb or more credible wtnejfis, thereby owning and acknowledging \hbpe¥± ‘ fmorperfinsmentioned in the said certificate, fo b/ an inhabitant o? mMurntJ'legally fettled in that partjh> iovyfttp or ftfdie, eOery Jiuhcerdficauhatangbeen allowed of and fitbkri^ tbt.juflue* of the peat* of the county y ttty% tiberty, btrough9 or tbwnv cerporqtty mtherein the parish or flatty from whence any fuch certU Jmk /bdl tomty doth tie 9 Jhall oblige the fetid parish or place it re* mvt and providefor the person mentioned m the find certificate, toge-tber with his or her fetmUyy as inhabitants of that parijb, whenever . . . , be* Joe*, or they Jhall happen to become chargeable to> or be forced M ofkrthtf of the parijby townjbip or place9 to which fuch certificate to&gtvc* * and tbeny and not before, it Jhall and may be lawful fit onjr fuch perfin9 and his or bet children though botn in that partjhy net boning otberwife acquired a legal fettlement there, to be removedy tenveyody and fettled in the parifi or plate from whence fuch certificate vm brought: and whereas many per fins obtaining and bringing fuch arufiattSy do frequently take apprentices, bound by indenture, and bin end keep Jervants by the year, who9 by reafin of fuch appren-tiafiipi and firviceSy do gain jettlements in9 and betome a great bur* then to jmb pariflHSy town/bips andplaceSy though fuch mafters com* kg with fucb certificates bavty by virtue thereof \ no fettkments in huh perijbesy tewnfbipr or places: for remedy thereof, it i$ de- After *4 June dared and ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That if any per- *7*3-anyPcr-fen whadbever, who, upon or after the four and twentieth day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirteen, shall be an being a hired apprentice, bound by indenture to, or (hall, upon or after the fervant, to one feidfour and twentieth day of June one thousand seven hun- wbo cwne into dltdand thirteen, be a hired fervant to or with any person what- cerSSaitof feever, who did come into or shall refide in any parifh, town- notgain flup or place, in that part of Great Britain called England, by a fettlement means or licence of fuch certificate, and not afterwards having there ty remained a legal fettlement in fuch parifh, town(hip or place, fuch prenticetop^ apprentice, by virtue of fuch apprenticefhip, indenture or bind-	f

ing, and fuch fervant by being hired by, or ferving as a fervant, as aforefaid, to fuch perfon, shall not gain or be adjudged to hive any fettlement in fuch parifh, townftiip or place, by rea-fen of luch apprenticefhip or binding, or by reafon of fuch hiring or ferving therein ; but every fuch apprentice and fervant shall have his and their fettlements in fuch parifh, townfhip or place, aaif he or they had not been bound apprentice or apprentices, or had not been an hired fervant or fervants to fuch perfon, as aforefaid; any a£t or ads of parliament to the contrary notwithftanding.

III. And whereas cochineal being of the growth of the Spanifh.

Weft Indies, is of principal ufi in dying of clothes9 and other the	'

woollen manufactures of this kingdom, Jcarlets9 purplesy and other colours called grain colours, to the great improvement thereof and im-tiffing of great numbers of her Majejifs fubjeCiSy in fimfbing and perfecting fuch woollen manufacture: and whereas before the aCf

t^ooQle

5•>	flijrij;

faffed in thefixth year of her present Maieftfs reign, intituled. An act for the importation of cocfiineai irem any pans in. Spam, during the present war, and fix months longer* cochineal could net be imported into this kingdom, hut from the places efitrgmjtb, although the fame was then, and is now fold at cheaper rates in fe-veral parts of Europe, and ufod as well in dying the said manufactures of this kiugfom abroad, as alfo foreign manufactures, at.tower prizes than her Majejlfs fubjefls can, to the incouragement of foreign woollen manufactures, and the great prejudice of thofe of*tbh kingdom, and impoverishment of many *f	Majeftfs fwbjeSts im-,

ployed therein, if the said aCiJboufd not be further continued \ be it therefore enaded by the authority aforefaid, That the: Cud a& p^tuaL	in	y«*	0^	her pretent Majesty’s reign, intitukd*

An aCi for the importation of cochineal from any ports in Spain,. during the present war, ana fix months longer, shall be and is hereby made perpetual; any ad or ads of parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

9	& 10W. 3. IV. And whereas in an ail made in the ninth and tenth years of

c. 2*.	the reign of the late King William, intituled. An act to fettle die

trade to Africa, a claufo was enabled in the words following, viz. And whereas by an ad of parliament made in the fifth ami sixth pears of the reign of bis present Majefiy, and the late ^ueen^mzrf, amongfl other things, it was enacted. That no other copper then what is made of Englilh. ore only, Jbould be exported, which proving very prejudicial to the trade of England, by enabling foreigners to export cepjper much cheaper than it can be carried from England r best 'enafled by the authority aforefaid. That it jhall and may be lawful to and for any of his Majefifs fubjeCls to export froth England all fitch 1	copper	bars,	as hath or Jhall be imported into England from foreign

farts, and upon exportation.jhall draw back all duties, dr vacated focurities, faving the half of the old fiubfidy, as is ufital. in ether commodities : which claufo being expired; and forafimuh as the copper manufacture of this kingdom is brought to fiuch perfection, that there The tfauft in is marc made than can be expended here and in the plantations ; be it tbe*&9& therefore enaded by the authority aforefaid, That the laid

10	W. j.c 16. cjaufe, and every matter and thing therein contained, ihall be

^rotationof *** *s hereby immediately, from and after the time of the ex* copper bars	piration thereof, revived in full force, and shall be and is

Imported,	hereby continued for and during the fpace and term of fourteen

continued for years, and from thence to the end of the next fellian of pariia* 14 years, &c. ment, and no. longer.

No drawback V. Provided neverthelefs, and be it enaded, That no draw-except for back shall be allowed on the exportation of any copper, but Bail India and fuch as hath been or shall be imported from the Baft Indies uni

Barbary cop- the coaft of Barbary only. Continued with o fA 10 W. 3. r. 26* per. See r ^

13 Geo. x. x9* c. 17.

Anno



I7<S<!	Anno-duoderimu Ann a.	StB*.£. e.i*'?:

»	.	*	.	-jb

irffttto Regni ANN/E Regina MdgnczBfi-tattnia, Francta & Hibernia^ duodecimo. Scat. 2.

A T	the parliament	fummoned to be held at Weftminfter.

Xn. the twelfth day of November, Anno Dornini^ae that-Jad fevett hundred and thirteen, in the twelfth year reign of our foveretgn Lady Anne, by the grace of God, of	,

Great Britain, France and Ireland, Queen, defender of 'toe fdhh, 8cc. And by several writs of profogfitibn begun and . bohfht oh the fxteentb day of February one thousand fevett. hundred and thirteen (a) and by several adjournments conti-sued to the ninth day of July in the thirteenth year of her	the

Majtfy's reign. Being the fir ft	JeJJione

£ggg£gf'

CAP. I.	,

An act for granting an aid to htr Majesty, to be railed by a land-tax in OrnX Britain, fot theftrtice of the year one thousand ffettli hundred and fourteen* EXP. si. m tbe f$muU

CAP, IL

faiBfor allowing a drawback upon tbe exportation of ftdt. to h made ufe of fer the curing of fifth taken fit North feas, dr at lflelarid.

WHEREAS tbe fi/btbg for tod in tbe North fees, and at Ifldand, gives great employment to ingdm, and breeds up great-numbers of h find mdnftrionsma* nun for	defence of the	realm, and improvement comment •,	and

nbtrtos the fend fijbing trade cannot.be ft ejftihoaUy	on,

fibfor curing cod taken there, may be bad fret of txtift', for the prifetvation therefore, and incemragcment of the find trade, be it eoa&dby the Queen’s mod excellent majefty, by and with thfc advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and com*-ones, in this present parliament alTembled, and by the zutho*-rity. of tbe lame. That the mailer of any boat or xeflel bound Mkfidr oTi on a filhing voyage to the North feas, or IJUland, may take Oil veil'd bound ti board bis laid boat or veilel, in any port of Great Britain, fuch die North Teas,

Ktitiesof Britijb fait, as he lhall judge proper and neceflary grififtflkkon is laid voyage, fuch mailer paying or giving fecurity to pay Jiving the duties due and payable for the lamej which money lhall be fecurity to pay. repaid, or fecurity lhall be difcharged, in fuch manner as is the duties, herein after mentioned.

II.	Add he it enabled by the authority aforefaid. That the wher® officer of thie place where the said fait was made, and the duties made &c**t<x thereof paid, or fecured to be paid, lhall, upon demand, de- gj*e \htee gratis to foch mailer of the veflel, a certificate, under his tera certificate

hand of"1the Quantity (hipped.



Codfifh, &c. nay be imported, 09 oath made that it came from the

4%	Ann*	duod«tn»	Ann*.	Seat.*,	c.a/	I7<S*1

hand and feai, of the particular quantity of fait fhipped on his vdtTel for the North- ftas, or	and	that the dt^ies p^

fuch lafr have been paid or fecurea to be paid. .	*

- Ul. Andbe it . enacted by the authority aforefaid, That codfifh, ling or hake, which have been caught and cured at the North feas, or at IJklani^ may be imported and landed, lb as oath be first made before the landing thereof, by the owner nr proprietor of fuch filh, or the matter of the veuel, before Imp North ica*,&c, officer for the said duties in the port or place where fuch fiflr as the	ii^poFicd^	brought in, or landed, (who is hereby kn-.

tothe officer Pav'^rcd and required to adminifter the fame, without fee or of the duti;», charge) That ah the filh fo imported came from the North feas* to have part «r Jfliland, and were caught and cured there, and fo as the (aid of the tail cut A(h be, at the landing thereof, and biffore the fame be removed ™	, from the ihore, tendred to the officer of the port for the faid

duties, to have part of the tail of every fuch codfifh, ling or ^ ' ha fee, cut off, that no allowance for. fuch filh be obtained upon 1 exportation j and . the said officer .is he^by impowered and re-Filh landed be- quired to cut off part of the tail of all fuch fifh on the import** r_... tion thereof; and in cafe any fuch fifh shall be landed before the fame shall be tendred to the officer, to have part of the tail cut off, as aforefaid, all the fifh fo landed shall be forfeited, afrd double the value thereof, to be recovered, of the importer, or proprietor thereof.

Foul fait to be Iv. And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That if thrown over- anyoflhefsfttfo m?d(rufe of in curing of filn shall remain, fudj board* fou] fait shall he thrown over board aqd deftroyed, in the pre-fence of the officer for the falt-duties for fuch port, before the collector shall fign his certificate.

' V.. And be it enacted by the authority aforefaid. That if jt .	fhall happen, that any of the fait lb taken on board for curing

an entrybe** of filb, shall not have been ufed for that purpofe, it shall ana made thereof, may be lawful to and for the matter of fuch (hip or veflel to land the Eud fait, fo as an entry be made thereof within ten days after his coming into any port in Great Britain that he. shall first arrive at, and the duties paid down for the fame, be* fore fuch fab, or .any part thereof, shall be landed or taken out leftin toen- ^fuch fhip or veflel: and if fuch matter shall negle& or ter the fait, it xcfufe to enter fuch fait, in fuch port where he shall first arrive, fha|)-be.for-* - and pay down the duties for the fame within the said ten day* {except in cafe of his being, driven into any port, or detained .there,by ftrefs of weather or contrary winds, or other unavoidable neceffities) then and in fuch cafe all the fait on board fuch fhip or veffel shall be forfeited, and double the value thereof^ to be recovered of the owner or proprietor of fuch filh, or the matter of the veflel, or the person commanding the lame in that voyage.

....^ VI. Anfhbe it enafied by the authority aforefaid. That the

a certificate ot jnaftfr of luebboat or veflel, upon producing tothe collector <be quantity Qf tjjC faltndutieS vfor the port where he imports his filh, iuch Wd &C and certificate pfita. quantity, of fait taken oa boacd, .and tl^t the '	*	duties

fore fo ten dred shall be forfeited.

Salt not ufed, may be re-

Jfattd and double the Value.

On producing'



17^3*1	Aftn6 dbodedmo'A^VJA. Stat.

6t

duties of it were paid or fecurW to Be paid; and* making1 oatffon oath made befote the Faid colle&or, ofthe particuHr quantity of the fait in ot how much fach certificate mentioned, that was made rife dr ft curing of ^ring# cadftftl, linger hake, caught arul ciir^d at ^he North fia, Or at the (clurity* Iflihnt> and that the said nfh have been all marked, as dfere- given for the^ nkf, that there may be no allowance obtained for the '"feme pyjew <jj[ upon exportation (which oath the said collector fs hereby im- be^fch7r«d powered and required to adminifter without fee or charge) flia!fand the col- 9 receive gratis from the said collector a certificate of the fiirie, le&or shall re-vrfiftfi, together with a certificate of payment of the duty of the paj^the.darifil remainder of the. fsflt taken in for that voyage, if there shall befWlth0ttt any remainder,'(which certificate he shall alfo receive gratir) being produced to the collector of the fait-duties for therplace Where the duties on the said fait were paid or fecured to be paid,

(uch fecurity shall be difeharged, ana all and every fum and fihns of money paid for the duty of the said fait, shall be repaid upon demand by the said collector, without fee or reward.

VII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid,	^

That if the matter of any fuch boat or veflel shall have taken in ^It that pe-itiy quantity of Britlfl) fait, for the curing of fi(h in the North rifhed at fea, fos, or \at Ifl'hniy asaforefaid, the duties of the fait having °r was taken ten paid or fecured to be'paid, and the veflel on which fiach felt, as aforefaid, is* (hipped, shall either peri(h at tea, or be taken by enemies with fuch fait on board her, that infuch cafe any merchant or perfon, owner of the said fait, (hall; upon proof made* before the juftices of the peace at the quarter-fef-fions held f6r-the county, riding, divifiofi or town, wherein he doth inhibit, of the lofs of fuch fait fo (hipped, receive from toe said fefliohs a certificate that fuch proof was made before them, arid tfpon producing the said certificate to the officer of the1 place, Where the duty on fuch fait shall have been paid or fecured to be paid, fuch fecurity shall be difeharged, and fo much money, as was actually paid for the duty of the said fait,

(hall be repaid upon demand by the said officer, without fee or reward, provided fuch proof be made within nine months after fuch lofs or taking, as aforefaid.

VH1. And be it further enacted by the authority afofefaid, onehalf aftlrtf That all* penalties and forfeitures given by this or any former forfeitures lair, relating to the duties of excife upon fait, shall be diftri- (haftbe-to tte bated in manner following, (that is to fay) one moiety thereofcr®"n» the to her Mxjefty, her heirs and fucceflors, and the other moiety	to

to the officer or officers who shall feize, fue, or inform for the be recovered fame^ to be (bed for, recovered and levied, in fuch manner and as by the laws form, and with fuch power of mitigation, as any fine, penalty °* excite, or forfeiture may be lued for, recovered, levied, arid mitigated bjr any law of excife, or by adtion of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of her Majesty’s courts of record at Weftm'njler;	^

and all and every officer and officers for the said duties on fait, are hereby authorized and empowered to feize all fait and other	t

fchihgs which by this or any former adl or law relating to the duties Oft.(alt are declared to be forfeited.	,

2	IX. And

•h J







-ft	Anna duotekno Anw*. Staf. z. 0,3.	(171^

IX.	Aod be it enafted by the authority sforefaidyThnt rf ’*&f person or pcrfons shall at any time be. fued or profecuted fer thing by him or them done or executed in purfuance of this; of

§y other of the ftatutes relating to the duties of excifc tipoqi t, or the powers thereby given, he or they (haU or npay p*C«4 General iflue. the general iflue, and give this aft and the fpecial natter in evi+ dence for his defence; and if upon a trial, a verdift (hall, pa,& <	for	the defendant or defendants,: or the plaintiff or plaintHfc bet

come nonfuit, di (continue, or forbear profecuting the dyd tions, then fuch defendant and defendants shall have doable cods to him or them awarded, againft fuch plaintiff or plaifl-fiffs, for which cods he shall have remedy, as in other cafes where cod? are by law given to defendants.

•Elis

t J1.

CAP. III.

An aft far charging and continuing	duties upon malty

mum, cyder and perry, for the of the year put thousand /even hundred and fourteen •, and for the encase ragement of the dijiilling brandy from malted corn arid cyder •,and far making forth duplicates of Exchequer bttft . and lottery tickets y	Ujl, burnt or deftroyed and to enaitf

- the governor and eemporrj of the hank of England, and - others, to lend money upon South Sea

Eli*, c. 4. JX. AND whereas in and	parliament	made	in the

,	. -f \ fifth year of the reign of tauten Elizabeth, intituled. An

a^t containing divers orders fop artificers, labourers, fervants. of hufl^uulrv ana apprentices, it is enafted in the words be, it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That after the jitfi elay of May next coming, it JbaH not be lawful to any tr per* Jens* other than fuch as new do lawfully ufe or	any	art, mys-

tery, or manual occupation, t up, , ufe or any craft, tmfiery or occupation, now uftd or occupied within this realm of England or- Wales, except he /hall have been brought up therein [even years at the leaf as an	,	in	manner	and	form	ahavth

feud,nor to fetany perfyn an work in fuch myflery, art or 'aerupn-tien, being not a workman at this day, except he flail have been, dp-prentice, as is aforefaid, or elfehaving, fervedtu at apprentice, emit aforefaid, flail or will became a journeyman, or hired by the year* ub«n pain that everyperfon willingly of ending or doing the contrbxr, flail forfeit and loftfor every	for every month t

upon which aforefasd flatute, of brandy or ffdrht made from Britifh malt or cyderJland tndiftedfor not havtngferoed /even years, as aforefaid, to the great difeouragement of the conjhmp-tim of malted com and cyder, and deftruftive to her Majejiy s revenue’ of excife; be it therefore enafted by the authority aforefaid* That any person or petfons shall or may diftil brandy or fpirits made from Britifl malt or cyder, - and fuch person or petfons (haU QPt be profecuted. for fo doing by virtue of die aforefaid

ftatut

for the eppli-cation of tbt duties granted h-thuya, fe to o. qf this

wm>i> h-

Any person may di&il brandy from Britifh malt.



*

$gnt*.franjtstjawi;, matter oir thing «*trinfd.tisc*d^ cooccary i»etwKhfta*cfcog. fy.Jydwtowinend by>moft.cf parl'kimentma

iy tfy tenth year tf herAfajfly's reign, ferkying ttpfnjeap, qod, steer, matters therein mevtitned, it was amngfl ether things nfltd,	TbuA.it	/betidused might bebmufidtend

ptfluers ef tbn navyand-ondmamt, .and the rtjpeftive payma/iers ef Claufe to ena-fogtmdiy	gatrifuuonekkad	faces for the being* or. any other bJ.e_the,ba"k

<$Mt.* ptr/Wiwhtihtuutert or.afterwards Jhould	(fee ^n/the„’ to

ifrjublisitff and benefit./to. anyparUor. /hares of the	advance mo-

the corporation ere fled bp the iyme	of- the governor aud of ney on Sooth

nncbantt tf Gtm BriMis, .trading to the Stouth Seas and otbet Sea flock. forts of America, and for. entouragingthe fffiery (not f0iyfuu ®* *** lately fold, applied or dijpofed for fome	ef th public/lifts in ibat * TPr: i

mentioned) from time to time, by any. warrant or warrants in writing from, tiyjigk treasurer of Great Britain. then, beings or the high treafwrer of Great Britain, or any three or more of the of ike treasuryfor the time being, (and mot otherwife) to borrow any fansr	films of money, from any person or perfimt, natives or fa

flgttrs, bodiff	politickorjorporate, who were or should be willing to

oivonce or lend the fame upon credit of the pubUckJloek, fort	thereof,and to allow inttgeft* not exceeding the rate of fix pounds

mt cent^ per ann, for the fgrbearange thereof as it Med,and to a/ftgn, mortgage,	andtfansfer /hares

if the faidflock, whereupon fuch funis of money	be agreed to be

Joint, - to the refpelinit lenders thereof, or fab as they fiveraRj and ujpefljveh Jbculd appoint, and to their executors, admfaflrotori, fuc-uffirsandajfignsrefptftivtfy, upon fuch conditions of redemption, and wjerfitfl. agreements for the-fate of the flock Jo mortgaged, far nafing default in the repayment of the money to be borrowed there-	.....

t/pntfor for non-payment of the interest thereof, and fubjtft tofuefi At . conditions, and-in fuch manner and form, as in fitch warrant arronts refptft'tvely	Jbould be preferibed in that ) and that

it money which Jbould be borrowed upon credit of Juch flock, at \fod, should if applied and difpofed by the. said treafurers,

/Jot; others rejptftively chargeable therewith, to fuch publicg yn/to/hofid	flock foto be mortgaged would have been ap-

.	in pttrfuance of another aft in the said recited oft meet-

foe fuch mortgage,	affigmneutor transfer had been made, and	\

fit, intent or purpofe wbatfpever i and that the faid'trea-, vflprs, and other officers, borrowing the said monies, t pxfuicrobh for the application thereof accordingly} and that OWfnpam should not be refponfible for permitting theflock to bp ... -	css	if	thefame were unduly transftrred> that the

Wep. sf -ficch money Jbould not be chargeable with applicatim

fIf t\thefud ufa, as by the said aft of the tenth year of her Ada-10 Ann c.

sjeagpuy more fully appear: ana whereas Come doubt bath	-

mode, whether the governor and company of. the bank <f Eng-*

Und (with regard to	certain	refiriftions	contained in former of ;

far dementj might lawfully lend money upon credit of the find publick Mate/* wt to the said aft in that behalf: tot obviating of

which



•<&	At»«vduO(ktimo	A»»«-	Sat	2.	C.	4,	$.	t»7«#

**Vich doubt, it is declared and ena&ed by this prefeat oft. That it shall and 'may be lawful, as well to and for the go^ vemoraftdcom’pany of the bank of England, as to and for any other person or perlons, natives and foreigners, bodies politick: or corporate, to advance and lend fuch fum and fums of money* os they, or any/ of them, shall think fit, to the said treafurer% ... -	1 paymafters, and others, or any of them, upon credit of the

publick (lock before mentioned, or any part thereof, at fuch in-tereft, and upon fuch alignments, mortgages or transfers, fab-c	jed to fuch conditionsof redemption, and with fuch agreement?

!,:	for felling the ftock fo mortgaged, in cafe of non-payment of

the principal orintereft, and in all other refpe&s according to •v:	‘	j the forms prefcrrbed.in the said recited ad of parliament in that,

to Ann.'£.'19. behalf 5 any former ad or ads of parliament, or any reftrkr-tions, 7protubhion$, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters or thingstherem contained to the contrary in any wife notwith-ftaoding. .

CAP. IV. :

An act for the better regulating the forces to be continued in her Ma-f jefty’s service, and for the payment of the (aid forces, and of their quarters. EXP.

CAP. V.

\4n for taking away the new additional duty Of thirty pounds per centum ad valorem, impofed upon all books \ and prints imported into Great Britain, by an aS made in . tkt tenth year of the reign of her present majejly * Aniie. «■■**.■

sy Ann. c. 19.	ERE AS by dtversath of parliament heretofore made, yf-

f. 33.	* ▼ V viral duties have been laid upon all books and prints tm-

ported into Great Britain : and whereas by an ait made in the tenth year of the reign of her present majejly !*>ueehArmt, a further dutf of thirty pounds per centum ad valorem was hid upon all booh ami prints imported into Great Britain ; which said additional	duty of

thirty pounds per centum has been founds by experience,	to have

tended very much to the difcouragement of learning, and t o have been prejudicial to the other duties formerly laid: be it therefore enaded After *4. June by the Queen’s moft ertceneftt majefty, by and with the advice 1714, the duty *nd conferit of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons, cent ad^alo- ^ ^1S Pr^fent parliament aflembled, and by the authority or rem, laid on" the fame. That from and after the four and twentieth day of books and	June onethoufand seven hundred arid fourteen, the faid	ditty of

Prints iro-	thifty pounds per centum ad valorem shall not be charged,	levied,

xo Ann c 1 collected upon any books or prints imported into Great• taken away. Britain, but the (aid auty is hereby abfolutely difcharged arid r •	taken away; and the said a<ft, fo far only as it relates to the faid

duty of thirty pounds per centum ad valorem, shall be and is hereby abfolutely repealed.

- -	*	..... - * .CAR

$5

*7*s4

Anno duodecimo Ann.®. Stat. 2. c. 6.

CAP. VI.

An a£i for taking away mortuaries Within the dibcefes of Bangor, LandafF, St. Davids, and St. Afaph, and giving a recompenfe therefore to the bijhops of the Jaid re~ fpcttive diocefes: and for confirming several letters patents granted by her Majefiy, for perpetually annexing a prebend of Gloucester to the mafterfhip of Pembroke college in Oxford; and a prebend of Rochefter to the provoftjhtp of Oriel college in Oxford ; and a prebend 0/Norwich to the mafterfhip of Catharine ball in Cambridge.

TXT'HEREAS by an aft of parliament paffed in the one and H. *•c* $1 VV twentieth year of the reign of the late King Henry the-' 7'

Eighth9 intituled, An a<3: where mortuaries ought to be paid, for what persons, and how much, and in what cafe none is due, and by a provifo or clause therein contained, it is provided (among other things) That it shall be lawful to the bijhops of Bangor, Lan-daff, St. Davids, and St. Afaph, to take fuch mortuaries of the priefts within their diocefes and jurifdiftions as thentofore had been accuftomed \ and the bijhops of the said diocefes for the time being have accordingly ufed to demand and takey and continue to demand and take mortuaries upon the death of any clergyman within their said diocefes and jurifdiftions; which said mortuaries conjifting of several of the heft goods of the deceafedy do oftentimes amount to a very confi-ierqble part- of his eft ate, and the payment thereof does very much lejfen that fmall provifton which generally the clergy of thofe diocefes are able to make for the fupportjfi their families, and tends to the great impaorri/bing of the fame: for the remedying whereoffor the future 4 end for abolijhing and taking away all mortuaries or corfe-prefents, end the cuftom or ufage of taking and paying mortuaries or corje-pre-fonts upon the deattj of clergymen within the said diocefes ana jurif-di ft ions : and to the end a reafonable recompenfe and fatisfaftion for the fame may be provided and eftabli/bed for the bijhops of the said diou ufes for ever: be it therefore enadted by the Queen’s molt ex- The clause in cellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the the recited lords fpiritual and temporal and of the commons, in this present a^»1o faras parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That {^Yng^ny ° the said provifo or clause in the said a<5t, and all and every mortuary m provifo or clause in the fame adt, fo far as the fame do or doth the diocefes of relate to the taking any mortuary or corfe-prefent upon the	ban-»*

death of any clergyman within the said refpe&ive diocefes or	.

juri&ti&ions, lhall immediately, from and after the refpe&ive st. Afaph, 1** times herein after mentioned, that is to fay, within the said pealed, diocefe of St. Afaph from and after the four and twentieth day of 'June in the yeafc of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fourteen v and within the said diocefe of Bangor, immediately from and after fuch time any rectoryfine cur a shall next happen to be void and be in the collation of the present bifhop of the (aid diocefe of Bangor, or of any of his fuccefTors * and within Vol.'XIII.	F	the



66	Aftrio	duodecimo Annj®. Scat. a. c. *	[171 jl

the (aid diocefe of Landaff, immediately from and after fuch lime as the treafurerfhip, with the prebend thereto annexed, founded in the cathedral church of Landaff,\ shall next happen to be void, fuch treafurerfhip and prebend being in the collation of the bifttop of theTaid diocefe of Landaff > and within the said diocefe of St. Davids, immediately from and after fuch time as the prebend of Langamorch, founded in the collegiate church of Brecon, now enjoyed by John Medley, archdeacon of Se. Davids, shall next happen to be void, the fame being in the collation of the bifhop of St. Davids, ftand and be abfolutdv repealed, annulled, and void, and all and every, and any cuitom, and ufage of and for paying, demanding, or taking any mortuary or corfe-prefent, or any goods, thing or things, for or in the name of a mortuary or corfe-prefent, upon die death of anj clergyman within the (aid refpedive diocefes or jurifdi&ions, (hall, from the refpedive times aforefaid, for ever, be abfo-ljutely abolifhed ana void; and no mortuary or corfe-prefent, or fam or fums of money for or in lieu of the fame, or in the And the hi- name thereof, shall be yielded, paid, anfwered or fetisfied, or trC be ** payable by any person or persons, to any bifhop of Audi not take c*tber of the laid diocefes, or other fMerfon or persons claiming any mortua- by, from, or under any fuch bifhop: and that from and after rie« after the the refpedive times aforaaid, it shall not be lawful to or for the tunes limited refpedive bifhops of the said diocefes, or any of them, their, or Vc* any, or either of their fucceflors, farmers, bailiffs, or Jeflees, or any of them, or any other person or persons whatsoever, chiming by or under fuch bifhops, or any or either of them, to take, receive, or demand of any person or persons, any manner of mortuary or corfe-prefent, or any fum or fums or money, or other thing, for or in the name, Keu or ftead of any mortuary or corfe-prefent, or to convene, cite, fue or profecute any person or persons before any judge fpiritual, or in any of her M*

- jefty's courts of law, or other court whatfoever, for the recovery of, or for, touching or concerning any mortuary or corfe-prefent, or any thing in lieu thereof, for or by reafon or on account of the death of any prieft or clergyman within the laid refpedive diocefes or jurifdidions, at any time after the refpe&vc times aforesaid ; any thing in the said recked ad, or any law, euftom or ufage whatever, to the contrary notwithftanding. Kecompenfe II. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, to the bifhop That in recompenfe and fatisfadion to the bifhop of St. Afiph cl^l'*A/aphr and his fucceflors, for fuch mortuaries as might arife or become fore for fuch ^ue or Payable to the said bifhop of St. JJapk, or his fuccef-snorttuvies.	fors, by virtue of the said recited ad, upon the death of any

prieft or clergyman, the redory [me cstra, which (haft first after the said four and twentieth day of June one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, happen to be void, and be in the collation of the bifhop of the said diocefe of St. Afapb, or any of his fuccef-fors, shall immediately upon fuch vacancy, and from thenceforth be annexed and united to the said bifhoprick of St. Afapb for ever, and all and every the profits, rights, dpts, benefits

/



*7f3-l Anno duodecimo Anna*. Stat.2* c.6.	6j

tad advantages whatfoever of the fame redory, or thereto in any wife belonging or appertaining, shall or may be had, received, taken and injoyed by the bilhop of the said dioccfe and his fuc-ttflors for ever.

HI. And be it farther enaded by the authority aforefaid, Recompenfe That in recompenfe and' fatisfadion to the bilhop of Bangor and to the b,rt3°P his fucceflors, for fuch mortuaries as might arife or become due °* Bangor,*^ or payable to the said bifhop of Bangor, or his fucceffors, by virtue of the said recited ad, upon the death of any prieft or clergymen, the redoryfine Cura± which shall next happen to be void, and be in the collation of the bifhop of the said diocefe of Bangor, or any of his fucceffors, (hall, immediately upon fuch vacancy, ind from thenceforth be annexed and united to the said bifhop-rick of Bangor for ever; and all and every the profits, rights, dues, benefits and advantages whatfoever of the fame redory, or thereto in any wife belonging or appertaining, shall or may be bad, received, taken, and enjoyed by the bimop of the said diocefe of Bangor and his fucceffors for even

IV.	Provided always, That nothing in this ad shall extend Tbebifbopsof to enable any bi(hop in either of the laid diocefes of St. Afdpb St. Afaph and and Bangor, to demife, let, or fetj and that it shall not be law- noffeYredie ful to or for the bilhopS of either of the said diocefes, or any of rc&ories unit-their fucceflors, to demife, leafe, fet, or let to farm, or other- ed to their wife, either of fuch redories fine Cura, annexed and united to bifoopricksfor the refpedivc bifhopricks of St. Afaph and Bangor, as aforemen-

tionedj or any the rights, dues, benefits, or profits thereof, for th™continui any longer time than fuch bilhop, by whom any leafe of either bilhops. of the said redories fine Cura shall be made, shall continue bilhop of the said diocefe; any ftatute, law, or ufage whatfoevef to the contrary notwithstanding.

V.	Ahd be it further diaded by the authority aforefaid. That Recompenfe ki recompenfe and fatisfadion to the bilhop of Landajfi and his fiicceffors, for fuch mortuaries as might arife or become due or 0 Lmk a 1 payable to the said bilhop of Landaff., or his fucceffors* by Virtue of the said recited ad, upon the death of any prieft or clergyman, whenfoeverthe treafurerlhip, with the prebend thereto

annexed, founded in the cathedral church of Laniajf^ shall next happen to be void, the said treafurerlhip and prebend (hall* immediately upon fuch vacancy, and from thenceforth be annexed and united to the laid bimoprick of Lahdaff for ever; and all and every the profits, rights, dues, benefits, and advantages wbatfoever, of the said treafurerlhip and prebend, or thereto in tay wife belonging or appertaining, shall or may be had, received, taken and enjoyed by the bilhop of the foia diocefe of Ldn-iaff and his fucceflors for ever.

VI.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, ?0 the bilhop Thlt in recompence and fatisfadion to the bilhop of St. Davids ofSt. Davids/ tad his fucceflors, for fuch mortuaries as might arife or become

due or payable to the said bilhop of St. Davids, or his fucceflors, by virtue of the said recited ad, upon thef death of any prieft of clergyman, whenfoeverthe said prebend of Langamarch shall neat

F a	bapptA

€S	Anno	duodecimo Annje. Static. 6.	[1713,

happen to be void, the said prebend (hall, immediately upon fuch vacancy, and from thenceforth be annexed ind united to the (aid bifhoprick of St. Davids for ever; and all and every the profits, rights, dues, benefits, and advantages whatfoever, of the fame prebend, or thereto in any wife belonging or apper-^ taining, shall or may be had, received, taken and enjoyed by the bifhop of the said diocefe of St. Davids and his fucceffors for ever, in as full and ample manner as the said John Medley now % hath or enjoyed, or might or ought to have and enjoy the fame. Kc^nw. VI1-	Jr,d	whereas	her	has been gra by her

to the mailer tetters patents under the great feal of Great Britain, bearing date at of Pembroke Weftminfter the eleventh day of November in the twelfth year of college, atid to her reign, to incorporate Collwell Brickenden doflor in divinity, the OHelToUep-e mafler °f Pembroke college in the univerfity of Oxford, and his fuc-inOxon, and cefJors, majlers of the fame college, by the name, file and title of ma-to the warden fter Pembroke college in the univerfity of Oxford; and did thereof Katherine by grant to the said mafler and his fucceffors, mafiers of the fame col-brid'e ^cm- for	better Jupport and maintenance, that canonfhip or pre-

firmedl °D" bend in the cathedral church of the holy arid undivided Trinity of Gloucefter, which should firfi happen to be void, and in the gift of her Majefiy, her heirs and fucceffors, from and after the date of the said grant; to have and to bold the said canonfhip or prebend, to the said Collwell Brickenden mafler of the said college, and his fucceffors* majlers of the fame college, of her Majefiy, her heirs and fucceffors* in pure and perpetual alms, for and during his and their refptflive continuance in the said maflerjhip ; and did thereby likewife unite fuch canonfhip or prebend, as aforefaid, to the said corporation for ever ; and whereas her Maiefly has been alfo gracioufiy pleafed, by other her letters patents under the great feal of Great Britain, bearing date at Weftminfter the fourteenth day of January in the twelfth year of her reign, to incorporate George Carter do ft or in divinity, the pro-vofi of Oriel college in the univerfity of Oxford, and his fucceffors* provojls of the fame college, by the name, file and title of preruofi of the houfe of the bleffed virgin Mary in Oxon, commonly called Oriel college, of the foundation of Edward the Second, fome time King of England, of famous memory, and did thereby grant to the said pro-vofi, and his fucceffors, provofis of the fame college, for their better fupport and maintenance, that canonfhip or prebend in the cathedral church of Chrift, and of the bleffed virgin Mary of Rochefter, which should firfi happen to be void, and in the gift of her Majefiy, her heirs and fucceffors, from and after the date of the said grant \ faving always the right of the arch-deacons of the Jaid church for the time being, to one of the said canonfhips, by virtue of a former grant-* to have and to hold the said canonfhip or prebend, to the said George Carter, provofl of the said college, and his fucceffors, provojls of the fame college, of her Majefiy, her heirs and fucceffors, in pure and per petual alms, for and during his and their continuance in the said proveft(hip\ ana did thereby likewife unite fuch canonfhip or prebend, as aforefaid, to the said corporation for ever: and whereas her Majefiy has been further gratioujfy pleafed, by other her letters patents under the great feal of Great Britain, bearing date at Weftminfter the fix r ' \ z	and

CjOOQie

1713/I Anno duodecimo Ann/e. Stat. 2. c. 6.	69

and twentieth day of April in the thirteenth year of her reign, to incorporate Thomas Sherlock do ft or in divinity, mafer or warden of Sr. Catharine** college or hall in the uniyerfity of Cambridge, and lisjmeffors, maflers or wardens of the said college or hall, by the name, file, and title of majler or warden of St. Catharine** college or hall in the umverfity of Cambridge; and did thet eby grant to the said mfler or warden, and his fucceffors, mafer5 or wardens of the fame college or ball, for their better fupport and maintenance, that canonjhip or prebend in the cathedral church of the holy and undivided Trinity in Norwich, of the foundation of King Edward the Sixths which Jbould fir ft happen to be void, and in the gift of her Majefly, her heirs and fuceefjors, from and after the date of the said grant; to have and hold the said canonjhip or prebend to the said Thomas Sherlock, mafer or warden of the said college or hall, and his fuc» cejfors, mafers or wardens of the fame college or hall, of her Majefly, her heirs andfucceffors, in pure and perpetual alms for and during his and their continuance in the said maferJhip or wardenjhip ; and did thereby liiewife unite fuch canonjhip or prebend, as afore faid, to the said corporation for ever ; as by the said fever ail and refpeftive recited letters patents (relation being thereunto had) may more fully and at large appear: be it therefore enafted by the authority aforefaid.

That the said several and refpeftive recited letters patents, and all and Angular the claufes, articles and things therein refpeftive-ly contained, shall be and are hereby ratified and confirmed, and the said several and refpeftive canonfhips or prebends shall be, from tiipe to time, forever, held and enjoyed, according to the true intent and meaning of the several and refpeftive letters patents above recited.

VIII.	And be it further enafted, That this aft shall be taken a publick aft. and allowed in all courts within this kingdom as a publick aft.

IX.	Saving peverthelefs, and always referved unto her Ma- Saving to the jetty, her heirs and fucceffors, all and Angular firft-fruits and crown all tenths, in any wife due or payable to her Majefly, her heirs and fj^refto-fucceffors, for or in refpeft of fuch reftories fine Cura, and trea- ries> &c, furerlhip, and prebend thereunto annexed, founded in the cathedral church of Landaff, and the fold prebend of Langamarch,

and all fuch right and title, as her said Majefly hath in or to fuch first fruits and tenths, or any of them, and which shall continue to be levied and paid in like manner as heretofore; any thing herein' contained to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

X.	Saving alfo to the Queen’s majefty, her heirs and fuccef- Another fav-fors, and to the refpeftive leflee or leflees of the said treafurer- inetoihe (hip, and prebend thereunto annexed, founded in the cathedral leffccs» church of Landajf, and ta the said prebend of Langamarch, and

to all and every other person or persons whatfoever, all fuch e-ttate, right, title and intereft; in, to, or out of the said treafur-erfhip and prebend thereto annexed, and the said prebend of Langamarch, as any fuch leflee or leffees, or other person or persons, have or might have or claim, in, to, or out of the said treafurerfliip and prebend thereunto annexed, and the said prebend of Langamarch, if this aft had not paffed.

F3	CAP;



7+	Aono duodecimo Ann-*. Sut. 2. c. jn £1713*

CAP. VII.

An act to prevent the growth of fihifm, and for the further fecurity of the churches of England and Ireland, as bp law ejlablijbed.

ii^i4Car.*.lI/HEREAS by an aft of parliament made in the thirteenth and c.	▼ V' fourteenth years of his late majefiy King Charles the Second,

intituled, An act for the uniformity of publick prayers, and ad-mi nitration of facraments, and otner rites and ceremonies5 and for eftablifhing the form of making, ordaining, and confecratiqg hifhops, priefts and deacons in the church of England, it is, o~

'	mngfi	other	things enafted, That every fchoolmafier keeping any pub*

lick or private Jjcbool, and every person infirufting or teaching any youth in any houfe or private family, as a tutor or fchoolmafier, fisould fubfcribe before his or her refpeftive archbifiop, bifhop or ordinary sf the diocefe, a declaration or acknowledgement, in which, amongfi other things was contained, as follows, viz. I A. £. do declare. That I will conform to the liturgy of the church of England, as it is jnow by law eftablifhed; and if any fchoolmafier, or other person '	infirufting	or teaching youth in any private houfe or family, as a /«-*

tor or fchoolmafier, Jbould inftruft or teach any youth as a tutor or fchoolmafier before licence obtained from bis refpeftive arcbbifbop, him Jhop or ordinary of the diocefe, according to the laws and ftatutes of this realm, for which he Jbould pay twelve pence only,and before fitch fubfcription and acknowledgement made, asaforefaid, these every fitch fchoolmafier and other injlrufting and teaching, as afortfaid, Jbould, for the firfi offence, fuffer three months imprifonment without bail or mamprize, and for every second and other fitch offence Jhouldfuffer three months imprifonment without bail or mainprisce, and aljo forfeit to his Majefiy the fitm of five pounds: and whereas notwitbjkmd-ing the said aft, Jundry papifis ami other persons dijfenting from the church of England, have taken upon them to infiruft and teach youth as tutors or Jchoohnafitrs, and have for fuch purpcft openly fit up fchools and feminaries, whereby, if due and fpeedy remedy be not had, great danger might enfue to this church and fiats: for the making the said recited aft more effeftual, and preventing the danger afortfaid* None shall be it enafted by the Queen’s moft excellent majefty, by and In JEnVad	^ie a<*vic$ an<* content of the lords fpiritual and temporal,

&c. before he aRd commons, in this preient parliament aflembled, and by has fubfcribed the authority of the fame. That every peribn or periods who fo much of the (hall, from and after the firfi day of Auguft next eniuing, keep theYedteTaS any Publick or private fchool or teminary, or teach apd inftruft as above, and any you*h as tutor or fchoolmaftcr, within that part of Groat obtained*a Britain called England, the dominion of Wales, or town of Her-licence from wick upon Tweed, before fuch person or persons shall have fub-the bifli9p,&c. fcnbed fo much of the said declaration and acknowledgement, as is before recited, and shall have had and obtained a licence from the refpeftive^ archbifhop, bifhop, or ordinary of the plac^ under his teal of office (for which the party shall pay one (hilling, and no more, over and above the duties payable to her

Majesty



tytj.}	Anno duodecimo Annas. Seat. a. c. 7.

Majesty for the fame) and shall be thereof lawfully conviAed, upon an information, prefentment, or indiAmcnt, in any of her Majesty’s ooarts of record aiWeftminJltr,or at the affixes, or before juftices of	eytrand terminer,(hall and may be committed to

the common gaol of fuch county, riding, city, or town corpo- 0n Pen*ty rate, as aforeuid, there to remain without bail or mainprize, for prifonment™* the fpace of three months, to commence from the time tiiatp fiich person or persons shall be received into the said goal.

U. Provided always, and be k hereby enaAed, That no li» Bifhop not tw cence shall be granted by any archbifhop, bHhop, or ordinary, grant fuch li-uniefs the person or persons who shall foe for the (ame, shall cencewithout produoe a certificate of hit or their having received the facrament	p/rfon’t

according to the ufage of the church of England, in fome pari(h having receiv, church, within the fpace of -one year next before the grant of ed the facra-fiich licence, under the hand of the minifter and one of the ™ent» “J1** church wardens of the fetid parith, nor until fuch person or per- [jj* °Car.

(ons shall have taken and fobfcribed the oaths of allegiance and c. »,	*

(upitmacy, and abjuration, as appointed by law, and shall have

made ana fobfcribed the declaration againft tranfubftantiation,

contained in the aA made in the twenty fifth year of the reign

of King Cbarlts the Second, intituled. An ad far

gtnwbithmay happen frompopijh natfants, before the said arch-

bifcop, bilhop, or ordinary ( which said oaths and declarations,

the (aid archbi(hop, bi(hop, or ordinary, are hereby impowered

and required to adminifter and receive; and fuch archbifhops,

bi/hops, and ordinaries, are required to file fuch certificates, and

keep an exaA regifter of the fame, and of the taking and fob(crib»

ing (bch oaths and declarations.

III.	And bo it further enaAed by the authority aforefaid, Perfon having That any person who Audi have obtained a licence, and fobferib* refofone to ed the declarations, and taken and fobfcribed the oaths, as above conven-ippointed, and (haU at any time after, during the time of his or dele, Ac.liable their keeping any publick or private fchool or fcminary, or in- to the p««1-drafting any youth as tutor or fchoolmafter, knowingly or wil* lingly, refort to, or be prefcnt at any conventicle, ammbly, or keeping meeting, within England, Walts, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, any fchool. for the txerdfc of religion in any other manner than according to the liturgy and pra Aice of the church of England, or (haU knowingly and willingly be prefont at any meeting or aflembly tar the exe*cife of religion, although the liturgy be there ufcd, where her Majesty (whom God long preferve) and the eleAor (f Brwefvmk, or foch others as (hall, from time to time, be lawfully appointed to be prayed for, shall not there be prayed far in exprefs words, according to the liturgy of the church of Bngknfa except where foch particular offices pf the liturgy are tiled, wherein there are no exprefs directions to pray for her Majesty and the royal family, shall be liable to the penalties in this aft, and shall from thenceforth be incapable of keeping any publick or private fchool or feminary, or inftruAing any youth l« tutor or fshoolmaftcr,

IV, An4

None to be

punifhed

twice.

No second profecution shall be while a fqrmer is (depending.

Anno duodedmo Anna Stat. a. c. 7. r[ \ 71

Penalty of / IV. And be it further enaftcd by the authority aforefekl, teaching any That if any person licenfed, as aforefaid, shall teach any other chifm tkniii catechifth than the catechifm fet forth in the book of common that jn the prayer, the licence of fuch person shall from thenceforth be void* common and fuch person Ihall be liable to the penalties of this aft. prayer book. V. And be it further enafted by theauthority aforefaid. That Panifliment of it shall end may be lawful, to and for the bifhop of the diocefe, fbhools^with- or ot^cr proper ordinary, to cite any person orperfons whatJb*» •ut licence." ever, keeping fchoolor feminary, or teaching without licence as aforefaid, and to proceed againft, and ponifti fuch perfonor pav foiis by ecclefiaftical cenfure, fobjaft to fuch appeals as in cafes of ordinary jurifdiftion 5 this aft or any other law to the contrary notwithftanding.

VI.	Provided always. That no person offending fegainft tins aft shall be puni(hed twice for the fame offence. .

VII.	Provided always, That where any person shall be pro-fecuted without fraud or covin in any of the courts aforefaid, for any offence contrary to this aft, the fame person shall nor*be afterwards profecuted for the fame offence in any of the said /courts whilft fuch former profecution shall be pending, and carried on without any wilful delay; and in cafe of any fuch after-profecution, the person fp doubly profecuted may alledge, (dead, or (hew forth in his defence againft the fame, fuch farmer projection pending, or judgment, or fentence thereupon, given, the said pleader tirft making oath before the judge or judges ofthe court where fuch after-profecution shall be pending, and which said oath he or they are hereby impowered and required to ad-minifter, that the laid prior-profecution was not commenced or parried on by his means, or with his confent or procurement, or by any fraud or collufion of any other person urhis knowledge or belief.

VIII.	Provided always, That this aft, or any thing therein contained, shall not extend, or be conftrued to extend, to any

tu	tutor aching or inftrufting youth in any college or hall, wirh-

ra^rfa^iiVs. in either of the univerfities of that part of Great Britain called England., nor to any tutor who shall be employed by any nobleman or noblewoman, tp teach his or her own children, grandchildren, or great grand-children only, in his or her family; Provided they provided fuch tutor, fo teaching in any nobleman or noblewo-Sves.	man’s family, do in every refpeft qualify himfelf according to

this aft, except only in that of taking a licence from the bilhop.

IX.	Provided alfo. That the penalties in this aft shall not extend to any foreigner, or alien of the foreign reformed churches, allowed, or to be allowed by the Queen’s majefty, her heirs or fucceffors, in England, for inftrufting or teaching any child or children of any fuch foreigner or alien only, as a tutor or fchool-mafter.

Conforming X. Provided always, and be it further enafted by theautho-after con vie- rjty aforefaid, That if any person who shall have been convifted, aft1 ftnll be 8 as af°refaid, and thereby made incapable to teach or inftruft any again capable youth, as aforefaid, (hall, after fuch conviftion, conform to the

church

Not to extend

to tutors in colleges, Sec, nor in noble -

Nor to foreigners of reformed churches.



1713 J	Anno duodecimo Annjr. Stat. a. c. 7.	73

church of England for the fpace of one year, without having of having a been present at any conventicle, aflembly, or meeting, as afore- 1*cencc» laid, and receive the facrament of the Lord’s fupper according to the rites and utage of the church of England, at lead three times in that year, every fuch person or persons shall be again capable of having and ufing a licence to teach fchool, or to in-ftnift youth as a tutor or fchoolmafter, he or they alfo performing all that is made requifite thereunto by this ad.

XL Provided also, and be it further enaded, That every fuch Perfooscon-perfon fo convided, and afterwards conforming, in manner as forming after aforefaid, fhall, at the next term after his being admitted to, or conwdion, to taking upon him to teach or inftrud youth, as aforefaid, make jiving oath in writing in feme one of her Majesty’s courts at JVejlmin- conformed/ fiery in publick and open court, or at the next quarter (efiions for that county or place where he shall refide, between the hours of nine and twelve* in the forenoon, that he hath conformed to the church of England for the fpace of one year before fuch his admilfion, without having been present at any conventicle, aflembly or meeting, as aforefaid, and that he hath received the ftenkment of the Lord’s fupper at lead three times in the year, which oath shall be there inrolled, and kept upon record.

XII.	Provided always. That this ad shall not extend, or be Not to extend conftrued to extend, to any perfon, who as a tutor, or fchool- to fuch as matter, shall inftrud youth in reading, writing, arithmetick, or te^h t?fcad» any part of mathematical learning only, fo far as fuch mathe- wntc* statical learning relates to navigation, or any mechanical art only,, and fo as fuch reading, writing, arithmetick or mathematical learning, shall be taught in the Englijb tongue only.

XIII; And whereas by an ad of parliament made in Ireland, in the Seventeenth and eighteenth years of his said late majedy King Charles the Second, intituled, An aft fortbe uniformity cf pMck praytrsy and admimjlration of the facramentr, and other rites and ceremonies ; and for eflablijbing the form of making, ordaining, and mfecrating of biJbopSy priefts, and deacons in the church of Ireland ; it is enaded, concerning fchoolmaders and other persons inftniding youth in private families in Ireland, as in and by the above recited ad is enaded concerning fchoolmaders and others intruding youth in private families in that part of Great Britain called England: and whereas it is reafonable, that where the law is the fame, the remedy and means for enforcing the execution	\

of the laW'Aould be the fame; be it therefore enaded by the authority aforefaid. That all and every the remedies,.provisions, and daufes, in and by this ad given, made, and enaded, shall extend, and be deemed, conftrued, and adjudged to extend to This ad shall Ireland, in as full and effedual manner, as if Ireland had been 1^4, exprefly named and mentioned in all and every the claufes in this ad.

fypnded by 5 George i. cap.

CAP.





Anno duodecimo Annje. flta&t.c. f«

C«7*S»

y&lW.j, c. 10. and a Jac. f« c»

CAP. VIII.

An 08 for encouraging the tobacco

WHEREAS by tut off made in the fevonth year of the reign cf the late King William the Third,	An	a&	for

continuing several duties granted by former s6U upon wines and vinegar, and upon tobacco and Soft Indio goods, and other merchandizes imported, for carrying on the war againft Franco, the metbeds prefirtbed for coiloffing the txtpoft duty upon tobacco, granted by an off	f(fifed in the firfi year of the reign of King James tie Second, are altered,and, among other things, it is	That	mi

any payment of the/aid duty for tobacco to be	here,	there be

an allowance of eight pounds per cent. the merchant's entouragt-enent, in cotfiidtracion of wafie , and an allowance of four pounds percent, in confsdorotion of wafie that mem esrift on any tobacco exported within the time allowed by , to be firuti off only from the entries, and not to be paid where the whole quantity entrca/haU happen to be exported; both which offs are finer continued, and are now in force: and whereas by law there are ral other duties payable en the importation of tobacco, but no fton is made thereby for giving any allowance out of the	, at com-

federation of wafie	or Jhrinhage,as and it

that the manner of colleffing the several duties upon tobacco be in one uniform method, and that the fame allowance for wafie and Jbrinkage en the	confumption here, fbould be granted to the	,

fortbeprefervationandimprovement of	beneficial trade,	which,

for many years pafi, hath greatly declined} be it enabled and de-*714. for five dared by the Queen’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the years, s i. per advice and conferst of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and com-mons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the autho-duties on to- Hty of the fame. That from acid after the first day of June dne bacco. jthou(and fevet} hundred and fourteen, during the term of five years, and from thence to the end of the then next feffioa of parliament, there (hall, for the better encouragement of the (aid confumption and export trade, bean allowance of eight pounds per cent, made to the merchant at importation, out of all the duties payable upon tobacco, inftead of the aforesaid eight pounds. Not to be de- and four pounds per cent, which by the before recited a<5ts are cortari°nex’to ^ *U°w*d only out of the impoft doty, and which (aid al-pon on‘ lowance of eight pounds per cent, out of all the (aid dudes* (ball not be deduced from the merchants on exportation j any -law or cuftoro to the contrary notwithftanding. i» Car.*, c. 4. U. find whereas by the off of tonnage and poundage made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, and by *ho book of rates thereunto annext, an additional duty of one penny per pound was made payable for aU tobacco of tho Englith plantations, sp. ms giving fecurity for pyment of the fame at nine months	importation :and whereas by the said aft made m the firfiyoar of	of

the kite King James	the Second, a dutyofimpoflof throe pence per pound

was laid on the fame tobacco, and fix pence per pound on all tobacct •fforeign	plantations, thf method of wbitfi	was

alfertd

After* June

•	<	r	\i»

I Jac. *• c. 4.



1713.3 Awio duodecimo Anna. Stat.a. c. 8. ,	75

filtered by the laid aQ modi in the fiventh year	the reign of the

late King William the Third* and thereby the payment thereof was	& • W. j.

beat the end of eighteen months( with certain at differentc*,0-

rates fer prompt payment within the rtfpeftive times thereby limited:

pad whereas by an aS made in the ninth year of the reign of his fend

kte mtjeffy King William the	Third* afurther of one penny

per pound was laid on all tobacco tf the English	, payable 9 W.	3.

in three months from the importation, uponfecurity: and whereas	c. *3.

mi other aft made in the	feconiyear of her Majejly's a	duty

tf me third part of one penny per pound made payable on the . Ann.c.9.

feme tobacco* and the importer to have nine months for the	,

thereof* on	fafficient fecurity; all which afts before mentioned are* by

/moral	fubjeyuentobis, fincecontinued* attd	are now in force: and

whereas the payment of the	faidfeveral	dutiat the different

os before mentioned*	according to the refpttikuath	of	hot

bj	experience been found prejudicial and burthen font to	and a

lefi to the revenue :fer prevention whereof fer the future, be it ah duties

farther enafted bv the authority aforefaid. That from and after tobacco to bo

the first day of June one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, P**d »* th*

during the term of five years, and from thence to theend of the births1*

then next session of paniament, all the laid several and reipec- s Geo-

tree duties on tobacco, granted by the aforementioned adls of. c. 7.b

padiament, and since continued, shall be due and payable, ddr-

mg the term aforefaid, at the end of eighteen months, to com- tj%on lebacZ

mmee at the end of thirty days after the mailer’s report of the

(hip, or to commence from the merchant’s entry of the goods

within theft thirty days, which shall first happen, and the bond

or bonds to be given for the fame, shall be made payable at the

cad of eighteen months accordingly) any datum or law to the

contrary notwithstanding.

111.	Provided always. That if the importer or proprietor of Allowance fay tobacco (hall, upon entry thereof, pay ready money for all or ready money, pay part of the laid duties within the laid thirty days, or at any time or times within any of the first fifteen months of the (aid eighteen months, to commence at the end of the laid thirty daya titer the mafter’s report of the Ship, he ihall, in lieu of all for* mer difcounts made for prompt payment, out of all the said duties have an allowance made of ten pounds per tent, per ann. far the said fifteen months, or proportionably for to many intire months of die said fifteen months as Shall then remain un-opired, but not to be allowed any discount after the end of fifteen months, nor fer any lefs time than a month; and in cafe titer the importer or proprietor dull have given fecurity, as a-, farefaid, (which at his election may be in one or more bond or bends) to pay fee said several duties in eighteen months, and Shall be defirous to di(charge his bond or bonds, or any part thereof, in ready money. Sooner than fifteen months, ho Shall : be abated upon the bona or bonds for fuch prompt payment, fa touch as fee Said difoonnt Shall amount ft>, in proportion to fuch time, but not to be allowed any difeount after fee end. of fifteen months.

IV. Pro-



76

Not to tike away 81. per

Anno duodecimo Ann^b. Stat. 2. c. 8.

1*7*3'

tired out ot the fobiidies.

IV.	Provided also, That nothing in this ad contained, is

-	-	intended	to	take	away	the said allowance of eighteen pounds

ftrinkaae nor ce,it' to ma(^e out °f the several duties for the merchants

l.	ia thehun- encouragement, and in conGderation of wafte and Ihrinkage, nor the allowance of five in the hundred, out of the several fub-fidies, and the said additional duty, by virtue of the refpedivc ad of tonnage and poundage, and other ads before recited.

V.	And whereas several merchants and other persons concerned in the importation of tobacco of the Englilh plantations, are frequently

' under difficulties, and unable to give good and fufficient fecurity far the payment of the several duties impofed thereon: and whereas putting the fame into proper warehoufes may not only be an eafe and convenience to the importers thereof but alfo a fecurity to her Majesty*s On paying	revenue,	be it therefore enaded by the authority aforefaid. That

down the duty frotn and after the fo-ft day 0f jum one thouland seven hun-tobaccomay dred and fourteen, during the term of five years, and from thence be ware- Y to the end of the then next feflion of parliament, in cafe any houfedatmer- person importing any of the said tobacco, lhall pay down in chants charge, ready money the fubfidy of one penny per pound due and pay-12 Car. 2. c.4. ab]e t0 her Majesty by the ad of the twelfth year of the reign of his late majesty King Charles the Second, or by any ad or ads continuing the fame, and shall then defire to have the said tobacco put into warehoufes, under the Queen’s and the merchant’s locks, for the fecurity of the remainder of the duties, the merchant or his fervants lhall have free accefs into the said warehoufes, at all feafonable times 5 and the cuftom-houfe officers are hereby required to attend, without fee or reward: and it lhall and may be lawful for the commiftioners or principal officers of the cuftoms, to permit and caufc the said tobacco to be lodged and put into warehoufes (to be provided by and at the charge of the merchants, and to be first approved by the said commiflioners or officers) upon the merchant’s giving his own bond for payment of the duties at the end of fifteen months ) and if the importer or importers of fuch tobacco, as has been fb lodged in the warehoufes, shall not, within the said time of fifteen months, offer good and fufficient fecurity for payment of the duties at the end of the said eighteen months, or by debentures on exportation of fuch tobacco, or payment of the several duties for which his own bond hath been given, difeharge his or their obligations, or any part thereof, but that the tobacco, or any part thereof, lhall continue and be (till remaining in the said warehoufes, for want of the payment of the duties due thereon5 in fuch cafe it lhall be lawful for the said commiflioners, or principal officers of the customs for the time being, and who are hereby required and impowered, to caufe the laid tobacco fo remaining to be publickly fold by inch elfe to be fold of candle, first giving the proprietor or proprietors fourteen days notice, or leaving the fame in writing at the place of his or their laft abode, the product thereof, after fuch fale, first to be applied towards payment of the customs and charges that have beeii expended thereon* and the overplus, if any, to be ren-

dred

Merchant to rive his own bond to pay the duties at x 5 months end.

by inch of candle.





77

dred and paid to the proprietor, or other person lawfully autho* rized to receive* the fame.

VI.	Provided always. That in cafe any tobacco put into the Tobacco fiid warehoufes, and fo locked up, as aforefaid, shall be burnt burnt m the or deftroved by fire, during the time it remains in the said ware- w^hrofee, houfes, tne proprietors or owners of fuch tobacco shall be allow-

ed the duties paid, and the bond shall be difeharged for fo much bond di’f-theitof as shall have been fo burnt or deftroyed	charged.

VII.	And whereas divers great quantities of tobacco of the English For tobacco in

plantations have been imported for fame time, hut by reafon of the th!_^cr un" dtadnefs of the tobacco trade, occafioned by the length of the late war, ^	*

the importers or proprietors thereof have not entred the said tobacco, and paid orfecured the duties for the fame, as the law requires; for relief therefore of the said importers or proprietors of the said tobacco in this fpecial cafe, be it further ena<fted by the authority aforefaid. That the time of importation of all fuch tobaccoes, Time of im-as are already imported, and not entred, shall be reckoned to portation to be be from the second day of June one thousand seven hundred and reckoned from fourteen, in like manner as if the matters of the said (hips or* Juac X7,+* veffcls had made report of their several ladings on that day; and the importers or proprietors of fuch tobacco shall pay or fecure the duties, and have and enjoy the several allowances and difr counts, and be entituled to draw back the duties, as fully and in like manner as if the said tobacco had been imported, and the matters of the (hips had made their refpedtive reports of their ladings, on the said second day of June one thousand seven hundred and fourteen; any law, ufage or cuttom, to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

VIII. And whereas it hath been found by experience, that her Ma-	allowance jejlfs revenue fuffers great prejudice, as well by allowances for da-r for damaged magei tobacco, as by the obtaining a drawback by debenture on the re- tobacco* Shipping the fame, as if fuch tobacco had been found and good\ and

paid the duties at importation; for preventing the like abufes for the future, be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid*

That from and after the first day of Augujl one thousand feven

hundred and fourteen, within or during the term of five years

thence next enfuing, or at any time before the end of the then

next session of parliament, no merchant or other person what-

foever shall have any allowance or abatement for the fubfidies or

other duties made him, for any fort of tobacco imported, or to

be imported, under pretence of fuch tobacco being corrupt or

unmerchantable: but in cafe any merchant or other person shall Merchant re-

refufe to make entry of fuch damaged tobacco, and to pay and *° P*y

fecure the whole duties due and payable for the fame, then he ^acco

or they shall have liberty to feparate from his or their tobacco, to deftroy-

fo much thereof as they shall refufe to pay cuttom for; and the ed,

principal officers of her Majesty’s cuttoms, or any two or more

of them, shall caufe all fuch corrupt tobacco to be weighed and

publtckJy burnt, or otherwise deftroyed as not wholfome and fit

for ufe; and the owner or importer thereof shall be difeharged

from paying or fecuring any fubfidy, or other duties for the fame,

t*



7*

Anito duodecimo ANir*. Scat 2. c, A



Owner to be allowed *$ lb, for every toolU

Pfcate,

placed to the ekport account, See.

Not to hinder

to her Majesty; any law, cuftom or ufege, to the contrary id any wife notwithftandmg.

IX.	Ptovidcd always, and be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That every owner or importer of fuch damaged and corrupt tobacco Stall, as a compenfation for freight and other charges, and for that the cutting off, and feparating the feme, may deface the remainder of the tobacco, have an allowance of twenty-five pounds weight of tobacco, free of all duties, for every one hundred pounds of fuch corrupt and damaged tobacco fo feparatod, to be burnt or deftroyed, as aforefaid, and

The allowance fo in proportion for any greater or lefler quantity; which ailow-to be by cer-

ance of twenty-five pounds for every one hundred pounds of tobacco fo to be made, as aforefaid, malt be by certificate; and the officers are hereby required to make, pafs, and pay fuch certificate without fee or reward, the tobacco mentioned in fuch certificate not to be placed to the merchant’s export account, fo and not to be as fuch allowance of twenty-five pounds of tobacco for every -i a — cnf	pounds	of damaged tobacco fo feparated or deftroy-

ed, does not exceed the quantity of one hundred and fifty pounds of tobacco, upon or for any hogfhead of Arranoco tobacco, or the quantity of two hundred pounds of tobacco, upon or for any hogfhead of fweet-fcented tobacco.

X.	Provided always, and be it farther enafted by the autho-

former allow- rity aforefaid, That nothing in this a& contained shall be con-cee^ne°tClb	to	or	hinder the merchants or importershaving ail

on zny one ' allowance made them for damaged tobacco, in foch manner as ‘	-	hath been ufaal, fo as foch allowance doth not exceed forty

pounds weight of tobacco upon any one hogfhead; and for the more ready difpatch of bufinefs, fuch fmall damages, not exceeding forty pounds weight on any one hogfhead, shall be viewed* and the allowance made in the fcale; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding*

XI.	And whereas it frequently happens that divers gowk and merchandizes are brought into her Majeftfs ftorehoufes for want of being mured, and becauje the duties of tonnage and poundage, and other duties are not paid and fecured as the law direfts, which goods do remain there divers years, and often fo long, until they are perifbe&\ and become of no value, whereby the §)deen hath loft the whole cuf-tem due on the importation of the said goods i for prevention whereof for the future, be it likewife ena&ed by the authority aforefaid* That from and after the first day of July one thousand feveit hundred and fourteen, thecommiftioners of the customs for the time being fhall, in all cafes where the goods are or shall be brought into her Majesty’s ftorehoufes for fecurity of the cuftoms, and other duties due thereon, as foon as conveniently they can, caufe all goods fo brought into her Majeftv’s ftorehoufes, as a-forefaid, which shall have remained therefor the fpace of twelve months, the fubfidy and other duties not paid, compounded for, or otherwise fecured as the law directs, to be publickly fold by auction or inch of candle; and after fuch fale, the produce thereof is first to be applied to or towards the payment of the

freight.

hogfhead.

Good* in Warehoufes uoeatsred to he fold at JJublick fide. JUertdby is Geo.s. c*sS« f» 19.



Anno duodecimo AttNjs*	C.	It.	7^

freight, primage and charges of warehoufe-room, and other charges that mall arife thereon, next the customs and duties, and the overplus to be paid to the proprietor, or other perfana authorfted to receive the fame.

XIL And whereas an all pqffed in the eighth year of her Maje- % Ann. c.i;« fifs reign for continuing federal %mpofitions% additional impofitions, and mies upon goods imported9 to ratfe money by way of loan for the fer-fia of the year one thousand seven hundred and t$n% ana for better preventing frauds in drawbacks upon certificate goods, ana for other pnrpofes therein mentioned; in which alt there were fevered regulations enalted to be complied with9 in order to intitlo the exporters of Ubacto to their debentures•, which new regulations, being made to commence from the twenty-fiventh day of March one thousand seven hundred and ten, by which time the fame could not be known in Scotland, several parcels of tobacco through ignorance, were extorted from thence without regard to the regulations laid down in the fatd a&9 the debentures of which tobacco have been refufed to be made forth and allowed to the merchants upon that account only9 be it therefore py*. tobac* enafled by the authority aforefaid. That for all tobacco export- co exported cd from Scotland, after the twenty-feventh day of March one fro® Scotland thousand seven hundred and ten, and before the fifteenth day	-

of April following, the barons of the Exchequer in Scotland (hau April 1710. caufe the debentures to be made forth, and allowed to the mer- Exchequer chants, according to the laws in force before the fatd twenty- there to mike seventh day of March one thousand seven hundred and ten* any ^^lebcn" dung in the aforesaid aft to the contrary iwtwithftanding.

XIII.	And whereas there has been fome doubt whether the depu- Potations tations or authorities granted to collectors, furveyors* or other info- ^thftS<Sng rior officers of the cuftoms, do remain in force upon the death or re- the death, &*« now of any of the commffioners of the cuftoms^ by whom the depu- of commit lotions were granted; be it enabled and declared by the authority fioncr#* aforefaid. That all fuch collectors, furveyors, or other inferior officers of the cuftoms, who are or have been, or shall be here* after deputed or appointed, as aforefaid, shall be deemed to remain and continue in their refpedtive offices and imploymenta* tiotwithftanding the death or removal of any of the commit fioners of the cuftoms, who deputed and appointed fuch officers, until the deputations of luch officers re(pedtive!y shall be by tha fiud commiflioners, or any fuperior authority, revoked, fad, cr made void. Continued by 5 Goo. i« $. 7.

£AJf



8<r,

fir the apbli-ration of the furplus of the • duties hereby granted^ fee % Geo. 2. c. 3. / l.forfa,-mint of annuities to the bank.

For 3* years, from 2 Aug. 1714- So pc imported to pay the additional duty of 1 d. perlb.

Made perpetual by 6 Geo. 1. c. 4* f. j»

Anno duodecimo Annas. Stat. 2. c.$;	[171	ji

CAP. IX.

An a8 for laying additional duties on fope andpaper, **f* ftp** certain linens, filks, callicoes and fluffs, /7m/ spur flarch^ and exported coals, and upon ftampt vellum, parch-and paper, for raiftng one million four hundred thou-fand pounds by way of a lottery, /<?r &<rr Majefly s fupply ; and for allowances on exporting made wares of leather, Jheep Jkins, and lamb Jkins, and for diflribution of four thousand pounds due to the officers and feamen for gun-money ; and to adjuft the property of tickets in former lotteries •) and touching certain /bares of flock in the capital of the South Sea compary \ and for appropriating the monies granted to her Majefly.

MAY it plcafe your moftexcellent Majefly, weyourMaje-fty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjeefts, the commons of Oreat Britain in parliament aflembled, being defirous that fuck fupplies as are neceflary for defraying your Majesty’s publickcx-pences, maybe effectually raifed, have therefore chearfully and unanimoufly given and granted, and do by this act give and grant unto your Majefly the several and refpedUve rates and duties for and upon all fope made in Great Britain, or imported Into the fame; and for and upon all paper made in Great Britain, or imported into the fame; and for and upon ail chequered and ftriped linens to be imported into Great Britain; and for and upon certain filks, callicoes, and other enumerated goods, which shall be printed, painted, flamed, or dyed in Great Britain i and for and upon all ftarch made in Great Britain \ and for and upon all coals exported for foreign parts; and for and upon fuch ftampt vellum, parchment and paper, and other things hereaftet in this adt more particularly described or mentioned, for and during fuch term or terms of years, and in fuch manner and form, as are herein after exprefled; and do moft humbly be-feech your Majefly, that it may be enadted; and be it enafled by the Queen’s moft excellent majefly, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by authority of die fame. That there shall be raifed, levied, collected* and paid* unto and for the ufe of her Majefly, her heirs and fucceflors, for and upon all fope of what kind foever, which at any timeor times, within or during the term of two and thirty years, to be reckoned from the second day of Augufl in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, shall be imported or brought into the kingdom of Great Britain, or made within the fame, the several and refpe&ive additional of new duties herein after defcribed or mentioned (over and above all cuftootis, fab-fidies, rates and duties chargeable upon fuch fope, or any part thereof, by any other a<51 or adb of parliament now in force) that is to fay, For every pound weight, confifting of fixteea

ounces



Anna4uod«itoaANUA.'	C.g.\ 8fr

ounces averdupiis, of fuch fope fo to be imported or brought into the said kingdom, within or during the term aforefaid, one penny, and after that rate for a greater or lefler quantity, to be paid down in ready money by the importers thereof* from time to tnp^befare the landing of the fame; and for every fuch Sope made in pound weight of fope to be made in the said kingdom ot Great Great Britain Britain^ within and during the term aforefaid, one halfpenny, ob* per lb* and affcr'that rate for a greater or lefler quantity, to be paid by the makers thereof refpe&ively.

IL And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That Additional there <baM be tailed, levied, tolle&ed and paid, unto and for duty upon theufcof her Majesty, her heirs and fucceflors, for and uponP^j’ all paper of: What kind foever, and all paftboards, millboards Made perpetual and fcalebQards, which at any time or times within or during^ 6 Geo. i. the term of two and thirty years, to be reckoned from the said c. 4. f. i, second day of Auguft one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, ihaU be imported or brought into the kingdom of Great Britain*

(printed books, maps, and other prints, always excepted) the several and refpecSlive rates and duties herein after exprefled (over and above the present cuftoms, fubfidies and duties upon the fuse commodities refpe&ively) that is to fay.

For and upon all paper ufually called or known by the name Atlas Fine# of Aiks Fine, which shall be imported or brought in, as afore-hid, xheitun of eight {hillings for every ream, and after that rate for a greater or lefler quantity,

Forand upon all paper ufually called or known by the name ordina. of Alias Ordinary, which shall be imported or brought in, as a- ry, forefcud, the sum of four shillings for every ream, and after that rate for a greater or lefler quantity.

For and upon all paper ufually called or known by the name Imperial Fine* of Imperial Fine, which (hsdl be imported or brought in, as a-foftfaid, the sum of eight shillings for every ream, and after that rate for a greater or lefler quantity.

For and upon all paper ufually called or known by the name s	.

of Super Royal Fimy which shall be imported or brought in, as p^fr oy aforefaid, the sum of fix shillings for every ream, and after that rate for a greater or lefler quantity.

For and upon all paper ufually called or known by the name Royal Fine, of £q*lFi*e% which shall be imported or brought in, as afore?* fan), the sum of four shillings for every ream, and after that rate fora greater or lefler quantity.

for add upon all paper ufually called or known by the name Medium Fine, of MkAanmFme, which shall be imported or brought in, as afore-ftidythefuavof three shillings for every ream, and after that rate forany greater or lefler quantity.

For anduponall paper ufually called or known by the name Demy Fine, of Dtmj fme9 -which shall be imported or brought in, as afore-hid, the sum of two shillings for every ream, and after that rate for a greater or lefler quantity.

For add vpw all paper RFuaUyxaUed <*r tmown t>y the name Demy Second. jVqIm XIU*	G	of





Anno duodecimo	,	C.	g*



Demy Print-inf.

Fine Holland Royal.

Fine Holland

Second.

of Ditty Second, which shall be imported or brought in, an ofbre-faid, the sum of one (hilling and three pence for every ream, and after that rate for a greater or lefler quantity.

For and upon all paper ufualiy called or known bf themme of Deny Printings which shall be imported or brought in* as a-forefaid, the sum of ten pence for every ream, and after that rate for a greater or lefler quantity.

For arwi upon all paper ufualiy called or known by thetname of Fine Holland Royal, which shall be imported or brought in, as aforefaid, the sum of one (hilling and (even pence halipenny for every ream, and after that rate for a greateror lefler quantity.

For and upon all paper ufualiy called or known by the name of Fine Holland Second, which shall be imported or brought in, as aforefaid, the sum of one (hilling for every ream, and after . . that rate for a greater or ieflier quantity.

Blue Royal. For and upon all paper ufualiy called or known by the name of Blue Rjoyaly which shall be imported or brought in, as afore-faid, the sum of one (hilling for every ream, and after that rate for a greater or lefler quantity, p..	. Psm_r „ For and upon all painted paper, which shall be imported or

imported. P brought in, as aforefaid, the sum of four shillings for every ream, and after that rate for a greater or lefler quantity. Cartridge Fa- For and upon all paper ufualiy called or known by the hamc per.	of Cartridge Paper, which shall be imported and brought in, as

aforefaid, the sum of nine pence for every ream, and after that rate for a greater or lefler quantity.

Elephant Fine.	For and upon all paper ufualiy called or known by the name

of Elephant Fmy which shall be imported or brought in, as a-fprefaid, the fom of feror shillings for every ream, and after that rate for a greater or lefler quantity.

Ordinary Ele- For artd upon all paper ufualiy called or known by the name phant. '	"	of Ordinary Elephant, which shall be imported or brought in, as

aforefaid, the sum of one (hilling and (even pence halfpenny for every ream, and after that rate tor a greater or lefler quantity. Fine Large For and upon all paper ufualiy called or known by the name Pok.	of Fine Large PoJf9 which shall be imported or brought in, as

aforefaid, the sum of one (hilling aqd three pence for every ram, and after that rate for a greater or lefier quantity.

Fine Fools	For and upon all paper ufualiy called or known by the name

Cap.	of Fine Fools Copy which shall be imported or brought in, as a-

forefaid, one (hilling and three pence for every ream, and after that rate for a greater or lefler quantity.

Second Fools For and upon all paper ufualiy called or known by the name Cap.	of Second Fools Capy which shall be imported or brought in, as

aforefaid, one (hilling for every ream, and after that rate for a greater or lefler quantity.

Baftard or For and upon all paper ufualiy called or known by the name Double Copy* of Baflard or Douhk Copy, which shall be imported Or brought in, as aforefaid, one (hilling for every ream, and after that me for a greater or lefler quantity.

For and upon all paper ufualiy calkd qt known by the am

•of





x;tj3 Anno dtiodfedmo Anna, g.9,	$3

of Gbmery Double, which (hfill bo imported or brought in, as Chancery aforefaid, one (hilling for every ream, and after that rate for it c* greater or leffer quantity.-

For and upon all paper ufually called or known by the name super Fine of Super Fine Pet, -which shall be imported or brought in, as a- Pot, fbrefekl, one (hilling for every ream, and after that rate for a greater or lefler quantity.

For and upon all paper ufually called or known by the name Second Fine of Second Fine Pot, which shall be imported or brougnt in, as a- Fot* ferefaid, nine pence for every ream, and after that rate for a greater or lefler quantity.	1

For and upon all paper ufually called or known by the name Genoa Royal4 of Genoa Royal, which shall be imported or brought in, as aforesaid, one (hilling and seven pence half-penny for every ream, and after that rate for a greater or lefler quantity.

For and upon all paper ufually called or known by the name <5*noa Me* . of Genoa Medium, which shall be imported or brought in, as a- dlum* fbrtfaid, one (hilling and three pence for every ream, and after that rate for a greater or lefler quantity.

For and upon all paper ufually called or known by the name Genoa Demy of Genoa Demy Fine, which shall be imported or brought in, as Fine, aforefaid, one (hilling for every ream, and after that rate for a greater or lefler quantity.

For and upon all paper ufually called or known by the naipe Genoa Demy of Genoa Demy Second, which shall be imported or brought in. Second, as aforefaid, nine pence for every ream, and after that rate for a greater or lefler quantity.

For and upon all paper ufually called or known by the name Genoa Crown of Genoa Crown Fine, which shall be imported or brought in, as Finc* aforefaid, nine pence for every ream, and after that rate for a greater or lefler quantity.

For and upon all paper ufually called or known by the nanle Genoa Crown of Genoa Crown Second, which shall be imported pr brought in, Scconcl* as aforefaid, fix pence for every ream, and after that rate for a greater or lefler quantity.

For and upon all paper ufually called or known by the nanle Genoa Fool'* of Genoa Fools Cap Fine, which (nail be imported or brought in, CaP Finc* as aforefaid, nine pence for every ream, and after that rate for 1 greater or leffer quantity.

For and upon all paper ufually called or known by the name Genoa Fool’i of Genoa Fools Cap Second, which (nail be imported or brought in, CaP Sccond. as aforefaid, fix pence for every ream, and after that rate for a greater or teflfer quantity.

For and' upon aH paper ufaally called or khown by the nanle German torn# of German Lombard, which shall be imported or brought in, as bard#J aforefaid, fix pence for every ream, and after that rate for a greater or lefler quantity.

For and upon all paper ufoaHy called or known by the name German Dc* of German J)emy, which lhall be imported or brought in, as a- my. forefaid, nine pence for every ream, and after that rate For a greater orjcflfcr tjuantity.

Ga	For



84	Anno	duodecimo Ann^. c^9«'	*[1713.

German	For	and	upon	all paper ufually called or known by the name

Crown, 0f Qerman Crowns which shall be imported or brought in, as a-forefaid, fix pence for every ream, and after that rate for a greater or lefler quantity.

GtrmanFooI’s For and upon all paper ufually called or known by the name Cap.	of German Fools Cap, which shall be imported or brought in, as

aforefaid, fix pence for every ream, and after that rate for a o	greater	or	lefler	quantity.

Paftboard, For and upon all paftboards, millboards, and fcaleboards, Scaleboard, which shall be imported or brought in, as aforefaid, two fhil-c*	lings	and	fix	pence for every hundred weight, and after that rate

for a greater or lefler quantity.

Papemotpar- And for and upon all other p*per, white or brown, or of any ticularly char- otjier colour or kind whatfoever, which shall be imported or % part repeal- brought in, as aforefaid, (not being particularly charged in this ediyw Geo.i. a<ft) a duty after the rate of ten pounds for every one hundred c. 7. fed. 4. pounds of the true and real value of the fame, and after that rate for a greater or lefler quantity.

To be paid by Which said duties for and upon the said several forts of paper, the importer, and the said paftboards, millboards, and fcaleboards, to be imported within or during the term aforefaid, shall be paid by the refpedive importers thereof from time to time.

Paper, paft-	HI. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid,

boards, &c.	That there shall be raifed, levied, colleded and paid, to and for

made in Great the ufe of her Majesty, her heirs and fucceflors, for and upon all Britain. paper of what kind foever, and upon all paftboards, millboards, x	and	fcaleboards,	which	(hall	at	any	time	or times, within or

during the term of two and thirty years, to be reckoned from the said second day of Augujl one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, be made in Great Britain, the several and refpedive i	duties	herein	after	mentioned. That is to fay.

Demy Fine. For and upon all paper ufually called or known by the name of Demy Finey which shall be fo made in Great Britain, the fum A	of	nine	pence for every ream, and after that rate for a greater or

lefler quantity.

Demy Second.' For and upon all paper ufually called or known by the name of Demy Second, which shall be lo made in Great Britain, the fum L	of	fix	pence for every ream, and after that rate for a greater or

lefler quantity.

Crown Fine. For and upon all paper ufually called or known by the name of Crown Fine, which shall be fo made in Great Britain, the fum -	of	fix	pence for every ream, and after that rate for a greater or

lefler quantity.

For and upon all paper ufually called or known by the name cond[n " Crown Second, which shall be fo made in Great Britain, the sum of four pence half-penny for every ream, and after that rafe , for a greater or lefler quantity.

Fool’s Cap For and upon all paper ufually called or known by the name Fine. * of 'Fools Cap Fine, which shall be fo made in Great Britain, the fum

*7I3<I Anno duodecimo Ann^e. c.$,	8*5

of fix pence for every ream, and after that rate for a greater or lefler quantity.

For and upon all paper ufually called or known by the name Fool's Cap Se-of Fools Cap Second, which shall be fo made in Great Britain, the cond. fum of four pence half-penny for every ream, and after that rate for a greater or lefler quantity.

For and upon all paper ufually called or known by the name Fine Pots, of Fine Pots, which shall be fo made in Great Britain, the sum of fix pence for every ream, and after that rate for a greater or lefler quantity.

For and upon all paper ufually called or known bv the name Second Pots., of Second Pots, which shall be fo made in Great Britain) the sum of three pence for cvqry ream, and after that rate for a greater or lefler quantity.

For and upon all paper ufually called by the name of Brown Brown Large Large Capy which shall be fo made in Great Britain, the sum of three pence for every ream, and after that rate for a greater or lefler quantity.

For and upon all paper ufually called or known by the name Ordin*-of Small Ordinary Browny which shall be fo made in Great Bri- ^ Browu* tain) the sum of two pence for every ream, and after that rate	1

for a greater or lefler quantity.

For and upon all paper ufually called or known by the name Whited of WbitedBrown, which shall be fo made in Great Britain) the fum Brown# jof three pence for every bundle, each bundle containing forty	3

quires, and after that rate for a greater or lefler quantity.

For and upon all pad boards, millboards and fealeboards, Paft board, to. which shall be made in Great Britain) one (hilling and fix pence for every hundred weight, and after that rate for a greater or lefler quantity.

And for and upon all other paper, white or brown, or of Paper not*af-any other colour or kind whatfoever, which shall be made in Great Britain* as aforefaid, (not being particularly charged in c arScd> this a St) a duty after the rate of fix pounds for every hundred pounds of the true and real value of the fame, and after ihat rate for any greater or lefler quantity.

Which said duties for and upon the said several forts of paper, To be mid by and other the commodities laft mentioned to be made in Greatthc makcr* Britain, within or during the term aforefaid, shall be paid by the makers thereof refpe&ively.

IV.	And it is hereby enaSed, That for and upon all paper, painted paper, which, at any time or times, during the term laft mentioned,

(hall be printed, painted, or ftained in Great Britain, to serve for hangings, and other ufes, there shall be anfwered and paid ,toher Majesty (over and above the dufies payable for fuch paper before the printing, painting, or ftaining thereof) the sum of one half-penny for every yard fquare, and after that rate for a greater or lefler quantity, to be paid by fuch person or persons as shall print, paint, or (lain the fame.

Gj	,V. And



Chequered

and Itriped linens, &c. imported, to pay 151. percent, ad valorem, except buckrams, &c. Tbe duties in tbit and tbe next feStion are made perpetual ly 6 Geo. iv c.4. f. x.

Duty on filks,

callicoes, li, nens and 'Huffs, printed in Great Britain.

Exception.



Silk handker-

' -chiefs.

Callicoes.

Tbe duties in this and tbe next feel bn are made perpetual by 6 Geo. 1. c. 4.

J-inen and Huffs.

Starch imported to pay >4- per lb.

Armo duodecimoAnna, c.^ {lyij.

Vt And be it alfo ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That there shall be raifed, levied, collected and paid, to and for the ufe of her Majesty, her heirs and fuceeffors, for and upon all chequered and ftriped linens, and upon all linens printed, painted, ftained, or dyed after the manofadhire, or in the thread or yarn before the manufacture, in any foreign parts (excepting buckrams, lawns, eanvis, barras, and Silefia neckcloths) which at any time or times, within or during the term of two and thirty years, to be reckoned from the said second day of Atgujl one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, shall be imported or brought into the kingdom of Great Britain, and may lawfully be ufed or worn there (over and above all other cuftoms, fub-fidies or duties, impofed upon, or payable for the fame) a duty after the rate of fifteen pounds for every one hundred pounds of the true and real value thereof, to be paid by the importers re-fpecftively.

VI.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, That there shall be raifed, levied, collected and paid, to and for tbe ufe of her Majesty,’ her heirs dnd fucceflors, for and upon all filks, callicoes, linens and (tuffs, of what kind foever, which at any time or times, within or during the term of two and thirty years, to be reckoned from the said second day of Augttfi one thousand feveh hundred and fourteen, shall be printed, ftained, painted, or dyed in Great Britain (fuch callicoes, linens and fuftians, as shall be dyed throughout of one colour only, and fluffs made of woolen, or whereof the greateft part in value shall be woolen, always excepted) the fevera) and refpedivc Tates and duties herein after expfeffed (over and above alt other duties payable for the fame, or any of them;) That is to fay.

For and Upon all filks fo printed, ftained or painted, within or during the term aforefaid, in Great Britain ((ilk handkerchiefs excepted) the sum of fix pence for every yard in length, reckoning half a yard for the breadth.

And for all (ilk handkerchiefs fo printed, ftained or painted, within or during the term aforefaid, in Great Britain^ the fiUn of one penny for every yard fquare, and in thofe proportions for wider or narrower filks.

For and upon all callicoes to be fo printed, ftained, painted or dyed, within or during the term aforefaid, in Gnat Britain^ (except as aforefaid) the sum of three pence for every yard in length, reckoning one yard Wide, and after that prdpoftion.

And for and upon all linen and fluffs (except before excepted) to be printed, ftained, painted or dyed, as aforefaid, ra Great Britain, within or during the term laft mentioned, the sum of one penny half-penny for even' yard in length, reckoning yard wide, and after that rate for a greater or letter quantity.

VII.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That there shall be raifed, levied, collo&cd and paid, unto and for the ufe of her Majesty, her heirs and fucceflors, for and ppon all (larch,

which



1713.] Anno duodecimo Anic^k: c. 9.	$7

which at any time or times, within or during the term of two and thirty years, to be reckoned from the said fccond day of Au-gup ope thousand seven hundred and fourteen, shall be imported or brought into the kingdom of Great Britain (over and above all cuftoms, fubfidics and duties, already impofed thereupon) Made in the sum of two pence for every pound weight, confining of fix- Gdrcat Bntaia teen ounces avirdupm9 and after that rate for a greater or lefler ^ade perpetual quantity, to be paid down in ready money by the importers by 6 Ceofi* thereof, from time to time, before the landing of the fame \ and c.4. f. 1. for and upon all ftarch, of what kind foever, *hich at any time Every box of or times, within or during the fame term of two and thirty |^”h^cinQ years, shall be made within the said kingdom of Great Britain, length, and the (urn of one penny for every fuch pound weight averdupcisy 10 m breadth, and after that rate for a greater or lefler quantity, the fame to bet0 ** cllJarSfi paid by the makers thereof refpcctively.	Srch. °f

VIII.	And it is hereby declared. That if the charge on ftarch

be made by gauging the said ftarch before it be dried in the ftove, ^Pth ** then, and in every fuch cafe, every box of green ftarch, or ^cd for ,Pr°~ ftarch before it be fo dried, containing fifty-feven inches in iGeo.i.ftat.i« length, and ten inches in breadth, shall from the said second c. a. f. 6. day of Augu/l one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, be .efieeroed one hundred thirty-one averdupeis pound weight of ftarch dried and perfectly made, and shall be charged accordingly, and proportionably for greater or lefler quantities.

IX.	And be it ena&ed by the authority afbrefaid, That there Coals export shall be railed, levied, colle&ed and paid, unto and for the ufe cd in foreign of her Majesty, her heirs and fucceflors, for and upon all coals bottoms to which at any time or times, within or during the term of two ladder)1 and thirty years, to be reckoned from the said second day of An- 9 gufi one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, shall be (hipped

to be exported beyond the feas (coals exported to Ireland, the

UkMan* or herMajeftv’s plantations excepted) the duties

follojvingt that is to fay, tor fuch coals (hipped to be exported

by foreign bottoms, the sum of five shillings the chakler. New-

dfile meafure (over and above the present duties upon the fame •,)

and for all coals which at any time or times, within or during

the fame term of two and thirty years, shall be (hipped to be

exported beyond the feas in Britijb bottoms, the sum of three in Britilh bot-

(hiliogs for every chalder, Newcaftle meafure (over and above Vi™?*.3!; , ,

the prdEent duties payable for the fame) and no more 1 any law

to the contrary notwithftanding.	c.4. f 1.

X.	And it is hereby enabled and declared by the authority a- rhe import ferdaid. That all the duties impofed by this a<& upon fuch fope, duties to be paper, paftboards, millboards, fealeboards, chequered andunder the (biped linens, or any other commodities before charged, as shall ^crnnmif/ be imported into Englandy IValeSy and the town of Berwick upon fioners of the Tweedy during the term or terms aforefaid, and all the duties cuftoms. which shall anfe in Englandy JValety or Berwick upon Tweedy for

coals to be exported during the term therein granted, as afore-iud, (ball be under the management of the couimiflioners and officers of the customs in England fqr the rime being, according . G 4.	to



$8	Anno	duodecimo Anna. c. 9.^ r [171*3*

to the duties of their refpeftive offices; and that all the duties impofed by this aft upon fucb fope, paper, paftboards, mifl-boards, fcaleboards, and chequered and (Iriped linens, or any the commodities before charged, as shall be imported into Scot-land, during the refpeftive terms aforefeid, and all the duties impofed by this aft, which shall arife in Scotland, for coals to be exported during the said term therein granted, as aforefaid,

, shall be under the management of the commiffioners’ and officers of the customs in Scotland for the time being, according to the duties of their refpeftive offices ; ar)d that the refpeftive receivers general of the customs in England and Scotland for the time being (hall, from time to time, pay or caufe to be paid, all the monies that they shall refpeftively receive for the said imported commodities, and for the said exported coals (the necef-fary charges of raifing and accounting for the fame exCepted) into the receipt of her Majesty’s Exchequer in England, diftinftr ly and apart from all other branches of the publick revenues, for the purposes in this aft exprefled, and under the like penalties, forfeitures and difabilities, as are to be inflicted by this aft for diverting or mifapplying any monies by this aft appropriated or appointed for any the purposes herein after mentioned.

Sope, paper, XI. And be it further enafted by the authority afbrefaid, That &c. made m ajj the duties impofed by this aft upon fuch fope, paper, paft-to^betun^derln, ^oar(^» millboard, fcaleboard, ftarch, and other commoditit* the manage- hereby particularly charged, as shall be made in England,’Wale, ment of the or Berwick upon Tweedy during the term or terms aforefaid, and commiflfioners an the duties impofed by this aft, upon fuch fiHcs, callicoes, U-cf excj e.	nens, fluffs and paper, as shall be printed, painted, ftained or

dyed in England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, at any time or times within or during the term or terms therein granted, as a-forefaid, (ball be under the management of the commissioners of excife in England for the time being, and the officers imploy-ed or to be imployed under them; and that all the duties im-pofed by this aft upon fuch fope, paper, paftboard, millboard, fcaleboard, ftarch, and other commodities before particularly charged, as shall be made in Scotland during the term or terms aforefaid, and all duties impofed by this aft upon fuch filks, callicoes, linens, (luffs and paper, as shall be printed, painted, ftained, or dyed in Scotland, at any time or times within or during the term or terms .therein granted, as aforefaid, shall be under the management of the commissioners of excife in Scotland for the time being, and the officers to be imployed under thetn^ and that the said refpeftive commissioners of excife in England and Scotland for the time being (hail, from time to time, pay or caufe to be paid, all the monies that they shall refpeftively receive for the said duties upon fope, paper, paftboard, millboard, fcaleboard and (larch, as shall be made in Great Britain within or during the refpeftive terms aforefaid, and for the said duties upon fuch (ilks, callicoes, linens, (luffs and paper; as shall be printed, painted, ftained or dyed in Great Britain, at any time or times within or during the refpeftive terms thereto granted, -	.	J	as



1713*] Anno duodecimo Annm. c. 9;	$9

23 aforefaid, as the fame shall arife, into the receipt of her Ma-jetty's. Exchequer in England, under the like penalties, forfeitures and difabihties, as are to be inflidted by this adl for diverting or mifapplying any monies by this adl appropriated or appointed for any the purposes herein after mentioned.

XII; And it js hereby enadted by the authority aforefaM, Howtbefefe-That aH the several duties by this aft impofed, upon fope, pa- veral duties per of all forts, paftbdards, millboards, fealeboards, chequered Jail be railed, and ftriped linens, and upon printed, painted, ftained and dyed filks, caliicoes, linens and fluffs, during the laid term or terms of years, therein by this aft granted, m all cafes whatfoever (except where other provision or drredtion is fpecially made or given by this aft) shall be raifed, levied, afeertained, fecured, collected, anfwered and pa^d, by fuch ways, means and methods, and under fuch pains, penalties and forfeitures, and with the like difeounts, allowances, exemptions and drawbacks, and in fuch manner and form, as the duties impofed on the fame commodities refpeftively, by an aft made in the tenth year of her Maje- 10 Ann. C.X9. tty's reign, for laying several duties upon fope, paper, chequered and ftriped linens, and upon certain filks, caliicoes, linens and fluffs, printed, painted or flamed, famongft other things therer by charged) for and during the relpeftive terms* thereby granted, towards Tatting the Ayn of one million fight hundred thou-ftnd pounds therein mentioned, or by any* aft or afts of parliament thereby referred unto, or by any othertift of this feflions of parliament are to beraifed, levied, afeertained, fecured, collected, aiifwered and paid refpeftively; and that the said duty by this act impofed upon *ftarch, duringvall the said term of two and thirty years therein by this a (ft granted, shall be raifed, levied, afeertained, fecured, collected, anfwered and paid, by fiich ways, means and methods, and under fuch pains, penalties and forfeitures, and with the like difeounts, allowances, exemptions and drawbacks, and in fuch manner and form, as the duties impofed by another aft of the tenth year of her Majesty’s 10 Ann. c.»6. reign, upon ftarch (amongft other things thereby charged) for and during the term thereby granted, towards raifing another futn of one million eight hundred thousand pounds therein mentioned, or by any aft or afts of parliament thereby referred unto, are to be raifed, levied, afeertained, fecured, collected, anfwered and paid refpeftively, except in fuch cafe or cafes, touching which ocher directions are given by this aft; and that the fad dunes by this aft impofed upon coals exported to any foreign parts,* (except before excepted) during the said term of years by this aft granted of and in the fame, shall be raifed, levied, afeertained, fecured, collected, anfwered and paid, by fuch ways, nteanS and methods, and under fuch pains, penalties arid forfeitures, and in fuch manner and form, as the present duties upon exportation 'of coals, or any other cuftomable goods, to any foreign parts, by any law or ftatute now in force, during the continuance thefeof, are to be raifed, levied, afeertained, fecured, coBefted, anfwered and paid.

go	Anno	duodecimo AN&m. c. 9.	X*7f3‘

XIIL And for better fecuring the dudes by this a& charge-able upoa fuch of the commodities, as by the first mentioned 10 Ann. c. 19. ad of the tenth year of her Majesty’s reign are dire&ed. to be marked or damped : and to the end the duties arifing thereupon by this ad may be better diftinguiftied, and applied to the~ fepa-Proper damps ratc ufc J>y this a61 intended, be it further enaded by the aatho-to be provided. ^ aforcfajdj That fuch proper damps or feals (hall, on or.be-fore the said second day of Auguft one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, be provided and didributed by the said refpedive commiflioners, as may serve to denote the payment or changing of the several duties by this and the said former a St chargeable pn the fame commodities refpedively 5 and that the said damps or feals by this ad direded to be provided, (hal$ be uled and applied accordingly, and shall and may, from time to time, be renewed or altered by the laid refpedive edmmiffioners, as oftep as there shall be a necessary occa^n for renewing the lame.

AH the powers XIV. And be it alfo enaded by the authority aforeiaid, That in 10 Ann. to *]] the powers, authorities, rules, diredions, pains of death, and 10 Annuel 19. ot^er pains, penalties and forfeitures, claufes, matters and things & 16.	whatfoever,	contained in the said several ads of the tenth year

of her Majesty’s reign, for raifmg, receiving, levying, recovering, fecuring and paying the duties on fuch commodities before mentioned, as are by this ad charged with new or additional duties thereupon, or touching the marks or ftamps thereby di-reded to be continued, pradifed, and put in execution, for railing, receiving, levying, recovering, fecuring, and paying the fame new or additional duties, by this ad charged upon the fame commodities refpedively, and all arrearages thereof, as fully and effedually to all intents and purposes as if they were particularly and at large repeated in the body of this present ad, except in iuch cafes only where any alteration therein is fpeczal-ly made by this ad.

XV. And whereas great quantities of filks, callicoes and linens that are printed, painted, famed or dyed in Great Britain, are frequently Jhipt off in order to be exported, as is pretended, for which the exporter doth receive a very great drawbackj and notwithfianding the law alrtady made to prevent the relanding of them, yet very great quantities are frequently relanded, to the great leffemng of her Jrfaje-[ly’s revenue, and prejudice of the fair trader \ to prevent which evil pradices for the future, and to fecure the duties upon the Per(ons ex- said goods, be it enaded by the authority aforefkid, That from porting iiiks, anj after said second day of Auguft one thouiand (even hun-notice £the and fourteen, all and every person and perfbns that shall proper officer export any filks* callicoes or linens that are printed, painted, of packing the ftained or <lyed, for which a drawback is to be allowed, fuch said goods, person or perions (before he or they shall lhip the said good*) in order to obtain die drawback for the fame, shall be obliged to give notice to the proper officer or officers to be appointed for that purpofe by the refpedive commidioners of the cuftoms, when and where he will pack up the said goods in order to be exported* and the laid commidioners of the cuftoms.are hereby *	im-

L.00Q le

iyt$<] Anno duodecimo Anna. c. g.	pc

impewered and directed to caufe foch officer to take cart to fee who is to take that inch feal or feals, (lamps or marks, be taken off from every cm that the piece fo intended to be exported ; and the (aid officer or officers **

(hall take an account of the kinds and quantities of the goods fo ?y piece, &c.~ intended to be exported* and make a return thereof to the officer that shall be appoints! by fuch commiffioaers to receive the fame, without any fee or reward for fo doing,

XVI. And whereas fope is more or lefs ufed in wajhing* fettering*

'* preparing the /beeps wool* or kmbs wool* to he converted into the wooden manufactures of this realm* and in the making or finijting wooden manufacture^ or manufactures mined with wool, whereof the ireattf part of the value of the materials is wood, and in whitening of new linen m the piece, tn order to the fale of fuch linen* or in fume of them* and it being judged reafonable to give an encouragement to persons who jhall be employed in the preparing* making or finifhmg thofe manufactures, whether the fame be for exportation or home con-fmptkn \ it is hereby further provided and enadted, That it shall On oath or and may be lawful to and for any person and persons, who, af- affirmation of ter the (aid second day of Auguft one thousand (even hundred and fourteen, during the continuance of the duties on fope by this jj, making 2& granted, shall employ, fpend and confume any quantity or cloths; Sce. quantities of (bpe in the making of any cloths, ferges, kerfies, bays, dockings, or other manufadtures of (heaps or lambs wool only, or manufactures whereof the greateft part of the value of the materials shall be wool, or in the finifhing the said manufactures, or preparing the wool for the fame, or in whitening of new Jincn in the piece, in order to . the fale of fuch linen, or to and for his, her, or their chief workman employed under him, her or them in thofe works, or any of them, from time to time, to make proof in writing by the affidavit of the (aid person or persons, who shall fo employ, fpend and confume the said fope, or of his, her or their chief workman, unlefs'he, (he Or they be a known quaker or quakers, and by the folemn affirmation of fuch quaker or quakers, before the collector and fu-pervifor of the diftridt or divifion where fuch fope shall be fo employed, (pent and confumed, or either of them (who are hereby refpedively impowered and required to adminifter the fame, upon the requeft of the manufadturer, or his, her or their chief workman aforefiud) which said affidavit or affirmation shall fpe- Specifying the cify the kinds and quantities of the manufadtures fo made, finUh- jpanufoaures td, prepared or whitened refpedtively, and the Quantities and 0 ma Cr u kinds of the fope which were adtually employed, (pent and con-famed therein, and that no allowance by virtue or this adt, was and that no before made to fuch manufadturers refpedtively, or for his, her ?n2*?nce or their benefit, of the duties payable by this adt, for the fope madetefore, fo fpecified in fuch affidavit or affirmation, or any part thereof; and that upon the making of every fuch affidavit or affirmation, the laid colledtor out of the money in his hands of the said du- Collector to ties upon fope by this adt granted, shall pay to the said raanu- repay the farmers refpedtively fo much as the whole duties granted by ^hole duties, lias ad, to the (bpe fpecified in every iuch affidavit or affirm*- &c*

tion





Anno duodecimo Aimm. c. 9.	[1713,

tibn taken by the said collector and fupervifor jointly, or by the said colle&or fingiyj doth amount unto, without any delay; and in cafe the fame were adminiftred by the fupervifor only, then upon a certificate thereof made and figned by the said fupervifor (which he is hereby required to make and fign upon demand) the said collector fha!l, out of ^ny monies in his hands of the said duties on (ope, forthwith pay to the said manufadhirers respectively, the said duties fo payable by this a6t for the fope fo fpent and confumed, as aforesaid ; and in cafe the collector shall not then have money fufficient in his hands to fatisfy fuch payments, That then and in every fuch cafe, the commissioners of the said duties on fope for the time being, upon a certificate thereof from the said collector (who is hereby enjoined and required to make and fign fuch certificate) shall forthwith caufe fuch payments to he made out of any monies arifing by the said duties on fope by this act granted, without any further delay.

XVII.	And it is hereby declared and enaCted, That the said affidavits,'affirmations and certificates, touching the said allowance to the woolen and linen manufacturers aforefaid, shall and may be written or printed upon paper not (tamped or marked for any the duties charged by any act upon ftampt vellum, parchment or paper; and that no fee, gratuity or reward whatsoever, shall be required, demanded or taken from any the said manufacturers, for making any the payments of the said allowance for fope confumed in the said woolen or linen manufactures, .or for making or taking any the said affidavits, affirmations, or certificates relating thereunto (except four pence for writing every fuch affidavit, affirmation or certificate) upon pain, that any of the said officers offending therein, lhall for every fuch offence pay treble damages to the party grieved, befides cgfts of fuit, to be recovered in fuch manner, as any other penalties relating to the duties upon fope are by this act to be recovered. Such affidavit, XVIII. And for the better preventing frauds and abufes in &c. taiie, tor- obtaining the allowances laft mentioned, it is hereby further en-the value of a<^cc*5 That if any person or persons (hall, in fuch affidavit or the allowance, affirmation, fwear, affirm or alledge any matter or thing that shall be falfe and untrue, with an intent to defraud her Majesty,

1 her heirs or fucceffors, fuch person or persons offending therein, shall for evenf fuch offence forfeit and lofe treble the value of the allowance for which fuch affidavit or affirmation shall be made, to be recovered in like manner (to wit) one third part thereof to the ufe of the Queen’s majefty, and the other two <•	thirds	thereof,	with	cofts	ot	fuit,	to	the	ufe	of the informer or

Second offence profecutor; and if any person or persons, being once convi&edof perjury. any fuch offence, shall again offend in the like kind, and be thereof duly convicted in any court of record at Wejlminfler, or in any the courts of Scotland, every fuch person or persons, for fuch other offence, (hail fuffer as in cafes of wilful and corrupt per-jury.

XIX. And whereas it has been found by experiencey That several >	'	makers	of fope, with intent fo deceive her Majejly of the juftduties by

this

9* 9

Such affidavits, &c. not to be ft amp-*1, Sc c.



1713.I Anno duodecimo AtfNA. C. 9. '	93

this and the rented aft granted, do make fope in private cellars and ether fecret places, and fraudulently ijfue and fend out the fame in fmallcaftis: for preventing of which evil practice for the future, be it enadted by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the second day of Augujl one thousand seven hundred and four- Soft lope in teen, ail foft lope that lhall be filled in any other calk lels than what calks to barrels, half-barrels, firkins and half-firkins, shall be forfeited, bc and alfo the sum of five pounds lhall be paid by the maker of fitch fope; one moiery thereof to the feizor or informer, and the other moiety to the poor of the parilh where fuch offence shall be committed, to be recovered as any other penalties concerning the duties on fope are by this adt recoverable.

XX.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, No perfumer, That from and after the said second day of Augujl one thousand See. to mix seven hundred and fourteen, no perfumer, peruke-maker, bar- ahbaftcr, &c. ber, fellers of, or dealers in hair-powder, fnall make, vend, fell, JJJwfcr?* difpofe, or make ufe of, or offer to fale any powder made of or ™

mixed with any alabafter, talke, plaifter of Paris, whiting, lime, or other matter or thing of the like nature (fweet feents only excepted) under pain of forfeiting all the hair-powder fo made or mixed, or made ufe of, Tended, fold, difpofed of, or offered to (ale, and the sum of fifty pounds for every fuch offence, the one moiety thereof to her Majesty, her heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety to the feizor or informer, to be recovered as any other penalties concerning the duties on ftarch'are by this aft recoverable. .

XXI.	And moreover be it enadted by the authority aforefaid, Additional

That there shall be, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, ^°tlcs on	*

raifed, levied, collected and paid, to and for the ufe of her Ma-1**™1**

jelly, her heirs and fucceffors, for the feverai and refpedtive matters and things herein after mentioned, which at any time or times, within or during the term of two and thirty years, to be reckoned from the said second day of Augujl one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, shall be engrofled or written (over and above the rates, duties, and fums of money now due or payable to her Majesty, her heirs or fucceffors, for the fame) the {cvt-ThifiAakt ral and refpedtive rates, duties, charges and fums of money madeferpe- ^ herein after expreffed, in manner following; That is to fay, 1 c

Fof every piece of vellum, parchment and paper, upon which Transfer of shall be engrofled or written any transfer of ftock in any compa-ftock. ny, fociety or corporation whatsoever, within Great Britain, the sum of four shillings and fix pence sterling.

For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, on which any Great ftal or grant or letters patents under the great feal of Great Britain, or duteby fed. the feal of the dutchy or county palatine of Lancajler, of anyPardong,&c* honour, dignity, promotion, franchife, liberty or privilege, to any person or persons, body politick or corporate, or exemplification of the fame, shall be engrofled or written (coinmiflioris of rebellion in procefs always excepted) the sum of forty shillings sterling.

: 1	*	For

CjOO^Ic

94

Pardons, See.

Grants of money.

Grants of office*.

Difpenfations.

Admittances.

Appeals.

Ipftftution or licence.

Anno duodecimo Anna. c. 9.	[171$.

For every Hein or piece of vellum or parchment, or (howror piece of paper, upon which any pardon (except the general circuits and Newgate pardons) of or for any crime or otfence, or of any futn of money or forfeiture whatibever, or on which any warrant of reprieve or relaxation from any pecuniary tine or forfeiture, exceeding one hundred pounds, or from any corporal puni(hment, {hall be engrafted or written, the sum of forty shillings sterling.

For every {kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or facet or piece of paper, upon which any grant from her Majesty, her heirs or fucccflbrs, of any fum of money exceeding one hundred pounds sterling, which shall pafs the great feal of Great Britain, the great feal of Scotland, or the privy feal not dke&ed to the great feal, {hall be engrafted or written, the sum of forty shillings sterling.

For every flan or piece of vellum or parchment, or {heel or piece of paper, upon which any grant of any office or employment in Great Britain, which ihall be above the value-of fifty pounds sterling per annum, {hall he engrofled or written, the sum of forty {hillings sterling.

For every {kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or piece or {heet of paper, upon which any difpenfation to hokl two cede-fiaftical dignities or benefices, or both a dignity and a benefice, or any other difpenfation or faculty from the lord archbilhop of Canterbury, or the mafter of the faculties for the time being* shall be engrofled or written, the sum of foity shillings ftcr-ling.

For every Ikin or piece of vdiucti or parchment, or facet or piece of paper, upon which shall be engrofled or written any admittance or inftrument for admitting of any fallow of the coin lege of phyiicians, or of any attorney, clerk, advocate, pro&or, notary, or other officer or officers, in any court whatfoever in Great Britain (not being an annual officer in any corporation of inferior court, whose office is under the value of ten pounds sterling per annum, in falary, fees, or other perquifites) die fun of forty shillings sterling.

For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or (heet or piece of paper, upon which any appeal from the high courts of admiralty, either in England or Scotland, court of arches, or the prerogative court of CanUrbury or York, shall be engrofled or written, the sum of forty shillings sterling.

For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or (heet or piece of paper, upon which shall be engrofled or written any inftatutioa or licence, that shall pafs the feal of any archfekhop or biihop, chancellor or other ordinary, or any eeclefiafticai court whatibever in England, Woles, or Berwick upon Tweed$ or upon which shall be engrofled, written or regiftred, any writ or taftruoaent far the like purpofe, with any fach inftku-tion or licence, that shall be pafied or made by any prdbytery* or other fpiritual power ip Scotland, the sum of five shillings sterling (licences to fchoolmafters and tutors excepted*)

6	For



95

,7i3*3 Anno duodecimo Anna*, c. 9.

For every fkin or piece of vellum or parchment, or {heet of piece of paper, upon which any letters of mart shall be engroffed or Written, the sum of five shillings fterfing.

For every fkin or piece of vellum or parchment, or fheet or Beneficial piefe of paper, on which any beneficial warrant, or order un- warrant,B far the fign manual of her Majesty, her heirs or fucceflors (except warrants or orders for the service of the navy, army and ordnance) shall be engroffed or written the sum of two shillings and fix pence ficrling.

For every (kin or piece of vellum or parchment, or (heet or Indentures, piece rf paper, upon which shall be engroffed or written in Great &c.

Britain, any indenture, leafe, bond, or any deed not hereby ^therwife charged, the sum of fix pence sterlingj except bail bonds and affignments thereof, and indentures for binding poor parifti or chanty children apprentices, and fuch deeds executed m Scotland, as are charged with the (lamp-duty of two shillings and three pence, by an a& of parliament made in the tenth year of her present Majesty’s reign.

XXII.	Provided always, That nothing in this aft contained Not to charge fttaH extend to charge with any (lamp-duties hereby granted, any

any the matters or things which, by an aft of parliament made	£

in the ninth year of the reign of his late majesty King William c. *5. the Third, intituled, An act for granting to his Majesty^ his heirs mi fuctejfors, further duties upon flampt vellum, parchment and pa-per, are exempted from the duties thereby granted.

XXIII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Commiffion-That for the better and more effectual levying, collefting and ?**tiic tiying unto her Majesty, her heirs and fucceflors, the said fcunp^duties hereby granted, the fame shall be under the go- tic*, vemment, care and management of the commissioners for the

tome being, appointed to manage the duties payable to her Majesty, her heirs and fucceflors, and charged on ftampt vellum, parchment and paper, by the former afts of parliament in that behalf made; who, or the major part of them, are hereby required and impowered' to imploy the necessary officers under them for that puipofe, and to appoint and provide damps to denote the several (lamp-duties hereby charged, and to do all other things necessary to be by them done, for the putting this aft in execution with relation to thofe duties.

XXIV.	And it is hereby further entiled and declared by the Several mat-authority aforefaid, That where any more than one of the mat- ter* written ten or things herdby charged witn any (lamp-duty, shall be °® 006 P5cce engrofied, written, entred, or regiftred upon one piece of vel-

him, parchment or paper, the said refpeftive duties hereby charged. * granted, shall be, and hereby are charged upon every one of filch matters and things refpeftively.

XKV. And it is hereby enafted, That all vellum, parchment. Vellum, dec. and paper, charged by this aft with any ofthe fthmp-duties here- already ftarap. by granted; which hath been, or shall (before the second day of ^ dugujl ape thousand (even hundred and fourteen) be damped ^ t0 ^mer

or brought to the

$6	Anoo duodecimo Annje. c.g* \

ftamp ofliceto or marked, in purfuance of the former ads of parliaatfjaij &&*-with^h^new^ **nS t0 ^er Majesty’s Aamp-dutiesv or any of them, mill, r&% ftaxaps.C nCW ^ore any °f matters or things (in refpecl whereof any dt#y Is ; ’ hereby made payable) be written or engroffed thereupon (mch •* - writing or engroffing being at any time after foe (aid fecqufoday, of Auguji one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, and wi(hiiv the faicl term of two and thirty years) be brought to the head-s office for (lamping or marking of vellum, parchment and paper, to be (lamped or marked with another mark or (lamp, over atu^ * befides the marks or (lamps put or to be put thereupon, in pnr-f fuance of the said former ads of parliament, or any of them * and that all vellum, parchment and paper, tfhich hath not been, or shall not (before the said second day of Auguji one thousand seven hundred and fourteen) be (lamped or marked in, purfuance of the said former ads, or any of them, shall (before any the matters or things, in refped whereof any (lamp-duty is payable hereby, and by the said former ads, or any o£ themi mall be thereupon written or engroffed, fuch writing or engroffing being after the said second day of Auguji one thou-,	•	fand seven hundred and fourteen, and within the said term of

two and thirty years) be brought to the said head-office, and there marked or (lamped with the proper marks or (lamps pro-*	vided,	ufed, or appointed, and to be provided, or appointed,

in purfuance of this ad, and of the said former ads of parlut* ment, to denote the refpedive duties hereby and thereby re(pcc-No writing tively charged thereupon; and that if any of the faia matters h^?^PaPer, and things fo to be engroffed or written, as aforefaid, (hall, tifld Cpa?cTto during t^e term laft mentioned, be engroffed or written, con-rtieQucen,nnd trary to the true intent and meaning hereof, upon velluip, fhe dihy be parchment, or paper, not appearing to have been duly marked paid.	or ftamped according to this ad, that then, and in everyfuch

cafe, there shall be due, anfwered, and paid to her Majesty, her heirs and fucceffors (over and above the (lamp-duties pay*, able hereby, and by the said former ads, or any of them) for every fuch matter and thing refpedively, foe fum of five pounds Herling j and that no fuch mattejr or thing shall be available in law or equity, or to be given.in evidence, or admitted in any court* unlels as well the said duty hereby charged in refped thereof, as the said fum of live pounds, shall be firll paid to th^ ufe of her Majesty, her heirs or fucceffors, and a receipt produced for the fame, under the hand of the receiver general, for the time being, of the (lamp-duties, or of his deputy or clerk* and until the vellum, parchment, and paper, upon which fuch matter or thing is fo written or engroffed, shall be marked (lamped, according to the tenor and true meaning hereof» and the said recciyer general, and his deputy or clerk, are hereby enjoined and required, upon payment or tender of the said duties* and of the said fum of five pounds, and fuch other Aims, as by the said formpr ads are payable in that behalf, to give a receipt, for fuch monies, and the other proper officers are thereupon're^

tjuired





iTfji] Anno duodecimo Atftf/B.Stft. t. c.gl	935

qurred to nrtark or (tamp fuch matter or thing with the prbpcf marks and (lamps requisite in that behalf.

XXVI. And be it further enaCted by the authority aforcfaid, ComraffitoiW That every commiflioner and officer, who shall aft in or about ^ the managing or collecting the (lamp*-duties lad mentioned, (hall,1 before be shall aft in or about the lame, take the oath follow* iog 3 that is to (ay,

I A. B. da fiviar, Tbdt I will faithfully execute the truft repofei Thrir eathj in me, purfaant to the aft of parliament made in the twelfth year of the reign of her majesty j®>ueen Anne, whereby certain additional duties are charged or made payable, in refpeft of the several matters	,

or things engroffed or written, as therein is mentioned, without fraud or csntealment \ and Jball, from time to time, true account make of my doings therein, and deliver the fame to fuch person or persons at hcf Mafifty, her heirs and futcejjors Jball appoint to receive fuch ac-count; and Jball take no fee, reward, or profit for the execution or performance of the said trujl, or the bufimfs relating thereto, front any person or persons, other than fuch as Jball be allowed by her Ma~ fifty, her heirs or fuccejfors, or fame other person or persons by her of them to that purpofe authorized.

Which oath shall or may be adminiftrCd by any twd or more of the commiflioners laft mentioned, or any justice of the peace.

XXVH. And to prevent fuch doubts as may arife touching the aU Allowances of hrwance for present payment of the (lamp-duties charged by this and 6 Pcr c*nt- *ot the said other afts 3 it is hereby further declared and enafted by wh£n™he date the authority aforefaid. That there shall be allowed and paid amounts to to every person who shall at any one time bring to be (lamped, 10I. or buy of the said commiflioners, .vellum, parchment, or papery the duties whereof, doubly or trebly charged by this and the said other a£ts, shall in the whole amount to ten pounds or upwards* after the rate of fix pounds in the one hundred pounds per annum, for fix months, upon the prelent payment of the said du* ties, at the head office for marking or (lamping of vellum* parchment, and paper.

XXVIII. And be it further enslfted by the authority afore- Powers, Set. faid. That all powers, provifions, articles, claufes, pains of9&IOW..*^ death, and other penalties and forfeitures, matters and things, ** m preferibed, appointed or contained in or by the said a6l of parliament made in the said ninth year of the reign of his said late majesty King William the Third, or in any other aft of parliament relating to the duties thereby charged, or any of them, which are now in force, and not hereby altered or otherwise provided for, (hall, in the fame manner and form as they now (land in force, with relation to the said duties, or any of them* charged by the said aft of the said Jate King William, be of full force and effeCt, with relation to the said (lamp-duties hereby charged, and every of them* during all the said term of two and thirty years, and shall be applied, praftifed, and executed, for the lecuring, raffing, levying, collecting, executing, an-Vot. XIII.	H	fwering*





Anno duodccicflb	AAitx.9btt.2. C.^. {171$

fwerimg, and paying the Cud flump-duties hereby charged,' sc-cording to the true intent and meaning of this adk, aafidly, to ah intents and pUrpofes, as if the fame powers, proviftons, articles, claufes and'things, and every of them, had fevtrillyand refpedkivcly been particularly enadked hv this adk, With vefetfen to the damp-duties hereby charged, and as if the ftamp-dvties hereby charged had been charged by the fakl adtof die ninth year of bis (aid late Majesty’s reign.

CmnmSffion- XXIX. And to the end al) the said additional, orftewdutiet ert and offi- upon lope and paper, and upon certain linens, iillu, ccdlkoe* **” t?jbeiap* ar>d fluffs, and upon ftarch and exported coals, and upon ESe ttftheaA ft®®1?* vellum, parchment and paper, before granted by this 9 and 10 W. adk, may be certainly and duly railed, and the fame (except the

3.	c. 44. rieceflary charges of executing this adk) may be juftly ana duly brought into the receipt of the Exchequer, according to the true meaning hereof; it is hereby enacted by the authority aforefaid. That from time to time, during the continuance of this adk, there shall be appointed fuch and fo many comraif-fioners and officers, as shall be proper and neceflary for the managing, railing, cohering and paying the fame da ties, and for keeping and rendring the accounts of the fame; and that the commissioners and officers concerned therein, thall perform their several duties in relation to the premises, as to them re-fpedrively shall appertain, under fuch and the like penalties, forfeitures and dilabilities, for any offence or negledk therein, or for detaining, diverting, or milapplying any part of the monies arifing by the fame duties, or any of them, as are pre-fcribed, and to be inflidted by virtue of an adk of parliament made and palled in the ninth year of the reign of his late ms-jefty King William the Third, intituled. An aft far	a fm

not	exceeding two millions, upon a fundfor payment of annuities after

the rate of eight pounds per centum per annum, and for fettling the trade to the Eaft Indies, for die like offence or negledk relating to the duties thereby granted or referred unto, or for detaining, diverting, or milapplying any part of the monks which were granted or appropriated by the adk laft mentioned.

<yad tVf.lt XXX. And whereas a proclamation was by late fia. c.e». jtfes \V‘illiarm and jgr Mary, in pstrfuante of an aS tf parliament made in the fifth year of their reign, intituled. An act for granting to their Majefties several duties upon vellum, parchment, and paper, for four years, towards canying on die war againlt France, for publijbing the types, devices, nark, or /lampsprovided in purfuance of the fame which aft has been face continued by several fubfequent	parliament, an&tbe font

types, devices, marts, or Jhave been ufed for the > marking of vellum, parchment and paper, in purfiumcr. of the fed fubfequent afts of parliament, which were provided and ufed infer-fuante of the said firfi aft,

hut no proclamation zoat ijfued in purfuance of the feud tfeqvrt afts, or any of them; whereupon doubts have the said types, devices, marks, or /lamps, ought net to .haste beet 2

LjOCK

to

Anoo duacfecima Aft MA Sat.5a* c. £

again pwbSfbed by proclamation after-thepaffwg the said aQs for cost* tmmg the said duties upon vellum* parchment end paper* as the types*. dewcth tnarki or ftampr provided for the duties fo continued* fastteertim* whereof bt itenadod and declared bv the autho* ritvsfomfaid, That the types, devices, marks, or damps, pro- Proclamation vidcd m purfoance of the (aid first mentioned a d, fhaU bein purfuance deemed, taken, aad made ufe of, as the types, devices, mark* °f* & 62w* or (lamps provided in purfuance of the (aid ads for continuing be deemed a ° the faidnduties, and every or any of them, until other -types, fyfficient pub-' devices, marks, or damps, shall be provided and puhlifhed by licatbn of tue proclamation, -in purfuance of the fame ads, or of one of them; fc*craldamps, and that the (aid publithing of the said types, devices, marks, or damps, by the said proclamation, in purfuance of the said first mentioned ad for granting the (aid duties, shall be deemed and taken to be a diffident publifhing thereof, as well for and in fefped o£ the duties granted by that ad, as for and in refped of the duties on vellum, parchment, and paper, which have been fine* granted or continued bv any other ad or ads of parlia* meat relating thereto; any tning in the said ads, or any of them, to the contrary hereof in any wife notwithftanding.

XXXL And whereas feveraiperfons* who have* face the commence- Claufe to m* most if the rates or duties upon monies given* paid, or contracted for demnify ma< with desks and apprentices, taken clerks and apprentices* and received 41imtrafied forfums ofmoney* with or in rejped of the taking offuck p detis end apprentices* have* through neglgCi or inadvertency, omitted to fey the feverai rates and duties payable in that behalf* or to caufe to be started the Jums of money fo given* paid* or contracted for* with er m refpeft of the taking of fuch clerks and apprentices* in the con-teads or indentures relating thereto* and to have fuch contracts or indmttres damped within the time for that purpofe refpedively Zr-Mitod by the act of parliament tn that cafe made; whereby Abt said %	c

wafers and mi/lreffis have incurred one or more penalty or penalties*	* *	^

mkfuh dorks and apprentices will* according to that aCt* be difabled U follow or txtreife the intended trades* profejfions* or implayments, wmfs fame further provifien be made; be it therefore further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That upon payment of the hid refpedive rates and duties,* which have been fo omitted or aegteded to be paid, as aforefaid, on or before the first day of . kkrtb in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, to luch person or persons to whom the fame ought.

Id he paid, according to the fame former ad, and tendring to bdbkmpcd fuch indentures or contrads fo omitted to be (lamped, on or before the said first day of March in the said year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, the fame indentures or contrads shall be damped, and shall be good and available in law and eouity, and the clerks or apprentices therein named (haU be capable of following and exercifing the refpec-tive intended trades, profeffions, or imployments, as fully as if tbeduties* lb omitted to be paid, had been duly paid, and the indentures or contrads damped within the refpedive times in tbeiun* ad for thole refpedive purpofe* limited, any thing

Ha	therein



&oo	Anna	dtK>decdmowAKN^ Stat2. C- 9^ T*7iJ«

therein contained to the eontrary notwithftanding; fo avthe -true and fell fum or funis of moneys and all other things gifts orcontrafted for* to or for the benefit of the matters or miftrdfes, with or in Vefpedt of the taking fuch clerks or apprentices, be truly written or irtdorfed in words at length, on fuch indentures or contracts, wherein the feme have been omitted to be inferted, according to the feme a<ft, and the matters and mif-trefles truly paying the said omitted duties, on or before the said first day of March one thoufend seven hundred and fourteen, are hereby indemnified and discharged off and from all penalties by them incurred by the feid recited ads, for which no profeeution hath been commenced before the four and twentieth day of June one thousand seven hundred and fourteen. > 105.000l.t0be XXXII. And be itenaded by the authority aforefaid, That theyearlyfund yetr]y and'every year, during the term of two and thirty ^ears^ thepriuripad"rcckoning the first year to begin from the nine and twoiritth fum of P *day of September one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, the 1,876,4001. full fum of one hundred and five thousand pounds, by or out with interest 0f the monies to arife by the feid additional or new duties upon SeoCCnt ^°Pe anc* p*pw* and upon certain linens, filks, calliopes, and ffet. 1. c?»! AufFs, and upon ftarch, and exported coals, and upon ftampt fed. x. * * vellum, parchment and paper, by this ad granted, and tobe brought into the receipt of the Exchequer, as aforefaid, in cafe the fame shall extend thereunto, shall be computed and reckoned to be a yearly fund; and in cafe all the monies arifing into the Exchequer, for the feid duties, rates and ferns of money fo granted, shall not amount to the sum of one hundred and five thousand pounds per annum, then the monies fo arifing, fo far as the fame shall extend, shall be part of the yearly fend cowards the anfwering and paying off all and every the principal ferns herein after mentioned, amounting in the whole to the sum of one million eight hundred seventy fix thoufend four hundred pounds principal money, together with interest for the fame after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, as here* Deficiencies to in after Ls mentioned; and in cafe the feid duties, rates, and bC "of* h8fi°ft ^ums money bY tb*s a<^ gnuited, shall at any time or times aid to be*	aPP€ar t0 be fo deficient or low in the produce of the fame, as

granted in	that within any one year, to be reckoned, as aforefaid; the feid

parliament, monies arifing into tne Exchequer, for or upon account of the fame duties, shall not amount to as much as one hundred*and five thousand pounds, that then, and fo often, and m every fuch cafe, fo much as shall be wanting to make up the feia fund or fum of one hundred and five thoufend pounds for every or any fuch year, shall be fupplied and made good, from time to time, out of the first aid or fupply to be granted in* partial meat, next after fuch deficiencies shall appear, and shall from time to time be transferred thereunto, as foot* as the fame shall Or opt of any be granted; and in cafe no fuch aid or fupply-(hall be granted, public money then by and out of any publick money, which shall be in the unapproprix- recejpt 0f Exchequer, not appropriated to any particular ufe or ufes by a& of parliament; and the lord high.treafurcr* or

.	.	commiffioncrs

IJrxjJ	Anna duodecimo Anna. Seat. 2. c. 9.	ioi

commiffioners of the treasury, for the time being, are hereby ftri&ly enjoined and required to make up fuch deficiency accord* inghr, out of fuch unappropriated pubiick money, without any N fimatr or?other warrant or authority for the iiunp.

XXXIIL And be it further enacted by the authority afore* Any persons hid. That it shall and may be lawful for any person or perfpns, may be con-natives or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate, to contri-tributor8-bute for or towards advancing the sum of one million four hun- ^u*p is deed thousand pounds, by paying, at or before the' refpeftive 7gc<Ti* c^# days; and times by this a<5k limited in that behalf, to any re- IOGeo. 1.C.5I ceiver or.receivers, to be appointed for that purpofe, as is herein * Geo. s. c. 3* after mentioned, the fum.of ten pounds, or divers entire fums of ten pounds, upon this aft; and that for the raifing of the (aid; fum of one million four hundred, thousand pounds, any perfbn, who will become contributor or adventurer, shall and may advance the sum of ten pounds, for which fum fo advanced,. be, (he, or they shall be entitled to receive by virtue of this aft fuch principal money, and the interest thereof, to be paid* as herein after is mentioned, by and out of the said yearly fund ; and that every contributor or adventurer may advance as many entire fums of ten pounds as he, (he, or they shall think fit, and for cveiy fuch fum of ten pounds fo ad-yaooed, he, fhe, or they, is or are to be.interefted in one lot ordhare of and in the (aid vearly fund by virtue of this aft; end the feme entire fums of ten pounds each, are hereby ap-pptntedto be paid unto fuch receiver or receivers, at or before the refpeftive days and times, and in the refpeftive proportions herein after mentioned; that is to fay, one fourth part thereof Times of pay-cm or before the tenth day of Augujl in the year of our Lord one mcnt# ffioufmd (even hundred and fourteen; one fourth part thereof on or before the tenth day of September in the said year of our Lord one thousand (even hundred and fourteen; one other fourth part thereof on or before the eleventh day of Qftobtr one thou-(aod (even hundred and fourteen, and the remaining fourth part thereof, on or before the tenth day of November one thou-Und (even hundred and fourteen.

Ticket! to be delivered for a lottery, See, The monies appropriated by this aft to be applied to pay off the principal and intereft. No undue presence if foblequent orders be paid before others who did not demand their Monies. Deficiency of one year to be made good out of the next, ferplp* tdifrofable by parliament. Notice to be hungup in the office when orders become due. Si. per cent, per ann. allowed for the first payment, and 61. for the remainder, till 19 Sept. 1714. Receivers may take in money before they receive their books. Contributor advancing one fourth parti and failing in the reft, to forfeit the fidt fourth part, &ct Tyeaferer to appoint a paymafter, Sec, Alignments of orders to be re-gmred. I^er Majesty to reward the managers out of monies aridng by the dudes. Benefits of roool. may be divided into orders not lefs than tool After interelf and principal paid off, the refidue difpofable by patf-lumeut. Guardians may contribute for infants, k. EXP.

LXIV, And whereas, by an aft pajfed the ninth year of her 9 Ann. c. n, Majtfiy'i reigp, certain duties are laid on Canned leather y and bp 10 Ann, c.s&

• ■ V	H	3	another





lot	Anna	duodecimo	Ann.*.	StA.	2.	e.	9.	{17131

hnofher bft pajfed the tenth year of her Majefifs reign, futthtr Jetties are laid thereon, and by the said afts only two thirls of the ri-Jpeftivc duties are to be drawn back or allowed upon the exportation of boots, /hoes, gloves, or other manufactures, which by expetitna it found to be a difeouragement to the manufacturers imployed therein ; for remedy whereof, be it declared and enaded by the antho-***" rity aforelaid, That from and after the second day of Abgnfi tuml?t^drtw we thousand seven hundred and fourteen, there (hall, in beet backid, ob. of the said two thirds of the said duties, be paicjl and allowed to • per lb. oa ex- the exporter or exporters, for all tanned leather, which shall be porutioo* ftianufadured and adually made into goods or wares, by him or them exported, on a proper debenture to be made for that purpofe, and fecurity given for the fame, as by the said ads are prescribed, the sum of one penny half-penny for every pound weight thereof, and fo in proportion for every greater or Jefler quantity 5 which drawback of one penny half-penny per pound shall be paid out of the refpedive duties granted by the laid ads of the ninth and of the tenth years of her Majesty** reign ; any law to#the contrary notwithftanding.

> Ann, p. ii.	LX V. And whereas by an aft of parliament pajjid in the ninth

year of her Majefifs reign, intituled. An act for laying certain duties upon hides and (kins, tanned, tawed, or drefled, and upon vellum and parchment, for the term of thirty-two years, for profecuting the war, and other her Majesty’s moft neceflary occafions, it is enafted. That upon the Jhipping of any bides or ealve-fkins for exportation into foreign parts, ana gtving fecarity to the cujlomer or collector of the customs of the port from whence fitch exportation/hall be made, That Juch hides and cahefkins Jhallnot bo telanded or brought on /bore, in any port or part of Great Britain, the cujlomer or cotleftor /hall give the exporter a certificate or debenture in writing, of the kinds and Quantities of fuch hides and cahn-Jkins\ and that ujnn producing /tub certificate, the collector at the porf where fuch hides or cafoes-Jhins /hall be extorted, /ball repay 40 the person producing fuch certificate, two thirds of the duties wbub were before charged for fiicb hides or calve Akins fo exported, as afbro-faid: and whereas feme doubts have arifen upon the confirufttm of the said aft, whether the fame /ball extend to allow a drawback of theJaid duties, for any other fort of /kins, tanned, tawed or dreffei, than hides and cahe-Jfkins; therefore to explain the (aid ad, be Sheep-fldns ;t enaded by the authority aforefaid. That all (heep-fkins and two*thTrdi of kmb-lkins, tanned, tawed or drefled, which are chargeable the duty. with any duties by the said ad pafled in the ninth year of her 9 Ann. c. 11. Majesty*s reign, mall, upon exportation thereof, have a drawback or allowance of two thirds of the duties, payable by virtue of the said ad, fubjed to fuch rules, as by the said ad are preferred on the exportation of any hides or calverlkins; any thing in the said act contained to the contrary in any wife notwithstanding.

CUufcfer £-* LX VI. And whereas by an aft of parliament made in. the tenth ftribution of" Jear tfprefent Majefifs reign, intituled. An act for the better 4cool« due to collecting and recovering the duties granted for the fupport of

• the

i;j$] Armo duodecimo Amm*. Star. 2. c. 9.	jcg

the jowl hofpital at Greenwich, and for the further benefit^ officer* therm, and for the preferving her Majesty’s harbour moorings, 2nd feamea

it.was	(amongft other things) mailed.That the	of four tboufand ^£ln*

founds out	ofthe Jbares of the several captors of by virtue of

her Maje/ly’s declaration of the	firft of June one hun-

dred and two, which Jkeuld remain uncalled for within the times by tie find	alt limitedfor the payment of the	fabe appliedfor

or towards the payment of certain rewards for taking or dejlroying flips ef war or privateers ofthe enemy, during the late to and ' tmmgft the flag officers, captains, and other officers and companies of her	Meg ft ft	Jbips of war, their executors or adminiflrators, entitled

thereunto.by virtue of the said declaration, in fucb proportion as by tht feud declaration is direlted, if the fame be decreed to them by the high court of admiralty, and lifts of the Jbips entitled to fetch rewords by fetch decree, Jbould be tranfmitted to the receiver or receivers of prizes, and the fame Jbould be claimed, and afterwards demanded to be paid within the	refpeflive times for the feveral

ptrpofets limited by the faid	ait; and that if the several fums fo to he

decreed and demanded for Jiuh rewards Jbould amount in the whole to snort than four tboufand pounds, then the said four tboufand pounds funld be dtvided among the several claimtrs, by way of average, in preptriien to their refpeSlive	interefts,to be adj by the receiver or

Turners of prizes, or person ox persons appointed for the famg: and whereas lifts of the persons on hoardfeme of the Jbips, entitled to fucb rewards, at the time of the taking or dejlroying fetch Jhips of war or privateers of the enemy, during the late war, for which the fame became due, have never been tratftmtttdunto the receiver or receivers of prizes, the fame not having been fufficiently provided for in the said all, by reapm whereof the receiver or receivers of prizes have been suable te aijuft tht proportions belonging to several tlaimers of Jiuh rewards, and to make diftribution of the said four tboufand pounds autrding to the said alt; for remedy, Ik.

Quft for adjusting claims in several lottery ticket*. Debenture* un-dahied on *4 December 1714. vetted in her Majesty for the ufe of the ytbbck. EXP.

LUX. And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That Appropria-ill die money lent, and to be lent to her Majesty upon one aft	”*

of this session of parliament, intituled. An act for granting an aid granted this to her Majesty, to be raised by a land tax in Great Britain, for the feffion. fetrmt of the year one tboufand seven hundred and fourteen, and fo 1* Ann. flat.*, mud) money (if any fucb be) of the tax thereby granted, as c* *• fhal! arife and remain after ail the loans madeor to be made upon that aft, or thereby transferred or direfted to be transferred thereunto, and the interest thereof, and the charges thereby allowable for raifiog the said tax, shall be fatisfied, or money faSewnt shall be referved to discharge the fame; and all the monies lent, or to be lent unto her Majesty, upon the duties of malt, mum, cyder and perry, charged and continued by an- . other aft of this felTion of parliament, for the service of the tt Ann. flats,' year one thouland seven hundred and fourteen; and fo. much c‘3*

H 4	money





Arfno-duodedmo Anw®. Sett,2. c.9.

money of the (aid duties of t&alt, oumit cyder and perry th£*©-\wf granted or continued, as shall wife and remain after ail the loans made or to be made upon that a&, or thereby transferred or dirc&cd to be transferred thereunto, and the interest thereof* and the charges thereby allowable for railing the feid dories thereby granted, shall be fatisfied, or money (ufficieatfhall be referved to difeharge the fame; and all the(urplus or unappropriated monies, which shall a rife and be patd into the Exchequer, for the ole of the publick, from and after the twelfth day of June one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, until all the provisions of money intended by this adt for the ufcs and pur-pofes herein after mentioned shall be fatisfied, and all the monies which, over and above the allowances for prompt payment, and other allowances direfted by this..a<ft, shall arife, at or for the said contributions, not exceeding the sum of one million four hundred thousand pounds in this a6t mentioned, shall be appropriated for or towards the several ufes, intents and pur-pofes herein exprefled, fubje& neverthelefs to fuch rcftri&ions as are herein after prefcribed; that is to fay, it is hereby enacted and declared. That out of all or any the aids or fupplies by this a& provided, as aforefaid, there shall and may be iflued and applied the sum of seven hundred forty five thousand seven hundred pounds and three pence, for defraying the charges of the ordinary of her Majesty’s navy, including half-pay to fea-officcrs, and for victuals, wages, wear and tear or the. navy, and victualling thereof, performed and to be performed, and for fea-fervice in the office of ordnance, performed and to be performed ; and any further fum not exceeding three hundred thousand pounds, towards fatisfying the debt due for feameos wages, and to the yards, and for the debt due to the marines ; gea chaplains, and any further fum not exceeding three thousand pounds, to ridt 3 Geo* i. foe equally diftributed among the chaplains that ferved in the c‘	fleet during the late war, and are not otherwise provided for j

Guards and and any fum not exceeding three hundred eighty fix thousand Srwt°Britain ^our hundred twenty seven pounds feventeen lhillings and ten 9 pence, for maintaining guards and garrifons in Great Britain, Jerfey and Guernsey, together with two independent companies in North Britain, for one year, from the twenty fourth day of December one thousand seven hundred and thirteen,. to the twenty fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and fourteen; and any fum not exceeding fifty four thousand fix is/T hundred forty five pounds one (hilling and three pence, for 1 ** lm maintaining her Majesty’s forces and garrifon at Minorca for the fame year; and any fum not exceeding thirty four thousand eight hundred fifty fix pounds fourteen mailings and nine pence half-penny, for maintaining her Majesty’s forces and garrifon at Gibraltar for the fame year; and any fum not exceeding twenty thousand one hundred and seventy pounds one (hilling NpwYork,&c. and fix pence, for maintaining four companies at NcivTorky four companies at Annapolis RoyaU four companies for Placentia^ one company at Bermudas, and the garrifons of Annapolis Royal ang

P/j-

Ordinary of the navy.

Stamens

wages.

uorca.

Gibraltar.



<l7T3*i] Amoxtaodedmo: &HHM. StaLa. C.9.	$05

Pkawtia for the fame year; and any not excoediag one Force* in hundred and seven thousand eight himdredthirty one pounds Flanders, fee. nine Shillings and two* pence* far maintaining her Majesty’s fates in Flanders and at Dmitri y until Michaelmas one thou-fad seven hundred and fourteen; and any Aim not exceeding Jamaica and nineteen thousand * three hundred and eight pounds and ten c^ar^ fallings; for mfaxtaaningthe regiment commanded by colonelIflaod8* thniajjie at Jamaica,' and the regiment commanded by colonel Alexander in the Leeward IJlands, until Cbrijhnas bnc thousand seven hundred and fourteen; and any fum not exceeding fifty Arrears of feventbou&nd eight hundred seventy seven pounds eleven fhil- half-pay offi-fags and fix pence half-penny, to fatisfy the arrears due to the ccrs* officers of the land forces and marines, for half-pay at Chriftmas one thousand seven hundred and thirteen j and any fum not Half-pay to exceeding five thousand eight hundred sixty two pounds fixteen officers allow* fallings and two pence, for charge of half-pay to fuch officers qu^j^wsu--who are allowed it by fpecral warrant of her Majesty for one ^t.n w :year, from Chriftmas one thousand seven hundred and thirteen 'to Chriftmas one thousand seven hundred and fourteen; and any Half pay to fum not exceeding one hundred twenty three thousand two land forces hundred ninety three pounds nineteen shillings and two pence, *** marinc^ for die charge of half-pay to the officers of the land forces and marines, being her Majesty*s natural-born fubjefis, or naturalized, for the fame year; and a fum not exceeding forty- two ChelfeaHoC-tkoufend seven hundred eighty five pounds fourteen shillings pital. and four pence, for fupport of the royal hofpital at Chel(ca> and pay of the out-penfioners, and for the extraordinary allowance of forage for the dragoons in North Britain for the fame year; and any fum not exceeding in the whole three hundred thou* fend pounds, towards fatisfying the debt due on account to the land forces, and to the said out-penfioners; out of which the ' fem of sixty thousand ninety five pounds nine shillings and two Corn font to pdice, is to be applied to difeharge bills of exchange drawn by Barcelona. William Cbetwyndj Efq; her Majesty’s late envoy at Genoa> for tpm font to Barcelona; and any fum not exceeding fifty five office of oxxl* thousand two hundred eighty one pounds and fixteen shillings, nance, for the charge of the office of ordnance (or land services performed and to be performed ; and any fum not exceeding two Artilleiy offi-thoufend one hundred eighty eight pounds nine shillings and cers in Flan-two pence, for the military officers and chaplain that ferved in dersandSpain, the train of artillery in Flanders and Spain, and on several expeditions, which, with the allowance they have on the eftablilh-ment in the office of ordnance, is to complete their half-pay for th& year from Chriftmas one thousand (evert hundred atid thirteento Chriftmas one thousand seven hundred and fourteen ; and any fum not exceeding sixty seven thousand three hundred Deficiency of ■fifty eight pounds fifteen fallings and seven pence, for fupply- the claflia toting the deficiency of the fund for the clafiis lotteiy of one thoiir tery*i?llm feud seven hundred and eleven, for the year ended at Michael-mas one thousand seven hundred and thirteen; and any fum not Deficiency for exceeding sixty seven thousand five hundred forty fix pounds four the claffis lot-

(hillings tcry*



YO$	Anfi©	duodecimo	Ann*.	Sat.2. c.*- fiyifi

fluflings and three pence half-penny, for fupplying the deficiency of the fund for the daffis lottery of one thou (and (even hundred and twelve, for the yearended at	one	tfaoa-

Defiriencyof (and seven hundred and thirteen ; and any Am not eosceediiig forty two tboufaiid five hundred seventy fix pounds fix shillings Eaft India * “d four pence, to make good the deficiency of the yearly fund, company. granted by an ad of the ninth year of his late majesty King 9 Sc 10 W. 3. Wlltiam the Third, for the benefit of the company and others c- 44*	trading to the Eaft Indies; and any fum not exceeding eighty

.ef eight thou (and (even hundred forty one pounds thirteen (hfik Jtafidy!thud “d ten pence* to make good the defideacy of principal 3&+Ann.c.j. >»d inter eft upon the ad made in the third year of her

fty’s reign, for granting a further fubfidy on wines and mer-Saffcrm at cbandize* imported, called the two third fubfidy; and any film tkwihtee, not exceeding eighteen tboufend five hundred and forty pounds twelve shillings and nine pence three farthings, to make good the intend; on debentures to the fufferers at Nevis and Cbrifi tephers for three yean, to the twenty fifth day of	one

thoufend seven hundred and fourteen; and to and for none Other ufe, intent or purpofe whatfoever.

Pravifolbr LXX. Provided always, and it is hereby entiled and de-tbe South Sea dared. That no appropriation, or other matter or thing in this compiny * aft contained, shall obftruft or hinder any payment or pay-9 Ann. c. si. ments, which, by and in purfuance of an aft made in the ninth year of her Majesty’s reign, intituled. An aO for making geed deficiencies, and fattsfying the	debts; and for erefling a cor-

poration to tarry on a trade to the South Seas, and for of the fifi»ery\ and for liberty te trade m	iron	with	the

JukjeSsof Spain, and to repeal the afis for regifiring , and of her Majesty’s charter grounded thereupon, are or shall be required and authorized to be made by the treasurer or payma-"	Her of the navy for the time being, or bv any other persons to

be intruded with the publick monies for tne service of the navy, out of fiich publick monies, tallies, orders, or parliamentary fccurities in their hands or power refpeftively, as are or shall thereby be charged or chargeable to make good any deficiestty or deficiencies to the corporation ercfted in purfuance of dte aft laft mentioned, called by the name of the- governor and company of merchants of Great Britain trading to the South Seat, and other parts of America,ax\d for incouraging the filhery, or to their treasurer for their ufe; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding. and fer the ' LXXI. Provided alfo. That fuch fums as, by any other aft commiilioner* of this feflion of parliament, shall be payable to any comnaif-or accounts. fioner8 0f accounts for their falaries, or for their clerks, or any Other incident charges, shall and may be paid out of the aids or Applies aforefaid, or any of them; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP-



to?

CAP. X.

An •& iof ratting the militia fcr the year one thanTaml feyen buttered and fourteen, although the months pay formerly advanced be not re* paid; and for rectifying a miftake in an a& pafled in this present fdftoa of Barfiament, intituled, An a3 for the better tegulating tie forces to be nemted in her Mejefifs firms, and frr payment of the fend forces and their porters, EXP,

CAP, XL

fin oB	to prevail the lifting her Majesty's to serve as

foUiers withouther Majesty's

1I7HEREAS	feveral	iS-offoltedperfbni, of the

if GreatBritain, have lately ,in open defiance oft the lotas, fnfimea treatertufty to lift divers n her Majefiy's	within

tidingdems of Ovett Britain and Ireland, to serve the per fin pretended to he prime of Wales, during the life of the late king James the	Second, and facet bis deceafe pretending to be, and taking upon

biufdf the fiile and title	of King of England, by the name of

James the Third, as fol&ers,ft the great of the peace tffatfe her	Majeftfs kingdoms ; and whereas the like tratterous

tice may be more (overtly tarried on, under pretence of lifting her Majesty's	fubjeds to fine as ftidier sunder fame foreign prince, fiate

or potentate: for remedy thereof, be it,	fi

Subjeftief Great Britain who fall, after » Auguft 1714. within the king* dotn, at in Ireland, and after 1 Oftober out of the kingdom, Hit them-(etra to serve any foreign prince, See. or procure any lubjeft fo to do, pitfaoat her Majestyl licence, full be aunty of high treafon. Offence* pot of the realm, whereto be tried. No licence ball exempt from the penalty, persons lifting any fubjefi to serve the French King. f*QBtinu> aixeof the aft for three years. EXP.

CAP. XII.

‘M aft for the better maintenance of curates within the church of England i and for preventing any	perfint

from buying the next avoidance of any

^TTHEREAS the abfence of benefited mmfters ought to bo if jupplted by curates that art fufficient and	preachers,

Md no citrates or tniniflers ought to serve in any plate without the

tidkmtrtim and admijfion of the bifhop of the diotefe, or ordinary ef

the pUte, having epiftopal jurifdiflion: but nevtrthtlefs, for want

of fuffitlent maintenance ana encouragement for Juch curates, the cures

milbtn that part of Great Britain called England, have been in fe-

htral places meanly fuppHed: for remedy whereof, be it enafted

by the Queen’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice

and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons,

id rills present parliament afTembled, and by the authority of

Ike fame. That if any reftor or vicar haring cure of fouls (hall; After to Sept.

from and after the nine and twentieth day of September, in the *7«4* bibop,

year of onr Lord one thousand seven hundred and fourteen,

nominate and present any curate to the bifhop or ordinary, to ^ratea, not

be exceeding jaL

I iti2 

;«$	duodecimo AKVA Stxt. 2: c. 1*. [i7rjJ

per ann. nor left than sol.

the benefices

be licenfed or admitted to fervc the care of fuch renter or a n * ujes in his abfence, the said bifliop or ordinary having regard to the ^payment fcreatnefs of the cure, and the value of the* ecclefiaftical bene-may kqudter Sees of fuch redor or vicar, (hall, on or before the granting; ‘L * fuch licence, appoint by writing under his hand and feal a fi{N ficient certain {Upend or allowance* not exceeding fifty pounds per annum, nor Ids, than twenty pounds per annum, to be paid or anfwered at fuch times as he {hall think fit, by fuch re&or or vicar, to fuch curate, for bis lupport and maintenance; and if k {hall appear to the bi(hop or ordinary, upon complaint or ©therwife, that any curate of fuch redor or vicar, licenfed or admitted before the said nine and twentieth day of September in the year of our Lord one thousand (even hundred and fourteen, hath not a Sufficient maintenance, it shall be lawful to and for

the said bi(hop or ordinary to appoint him a certain ftipend or allowance in like manner as before mentioned; and in cafe any difference shall arife between any redor or vicar and his curate, touching fuch ftipend or allowance, or the payment thereof, the bhhop or ordinary, on complaint to him maoe, shall fummarily hear and determine the fame; and in cafe of negled or refufid to pay fuch ftipend or allowance, may fequefter the profits of fuch benefice, for or until payment thereof.

Penalty of II. And whereas fame of the clergy ,have procured preferments fir taking for any themfehes by buying eccUfwJlical livings, and others have been thereby difeouraged; be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, avoidance^. That if any perfon, from and after the twenty ninth day of September one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, (hall-or do* for any fum of money, reward, gift, profit or advantage, di« redly or indiredly, or for or by reafon of any promife, agree* ment, grant, bond, covenant or other affurance, of or for any , fum of money, reward, gift, profit or benefit whatfoever, dt-ie6Uy or. indiredly, in his own name, or in the name of aay Other person or persons, take, procure, or accept the next avoidance of, or presentation to any benefice with cure of fouls, dignity, prebend, or living ecclefiaftical, and shall be prefented or collated thereupon, that then every fuch presentation or cot* lation, and every admiflion, inftitution, inveftiture and induction upon the fame, shall be utterly void, fruftrate, and of na effed in law, and fuch agreement (nail be deemed and taken to be a fimoniacal contrad ; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the Queen’s majefty, her heirs and fuccefiors, to present or collate unto, or give or beftow every fuch benefice, dig*# nity, prebend, and living ecclefiaftical, for that one time ortura only; and the person ib corruptly taking, procuring, or accept* ing any fuel) benefice, dignity, prebend or living, shall there* upon, and from thenceforth, be adjudged a difabled person ia taw to have and enjoy the. fame benefice, dignity, prebend, or living ecclefiaftical, and shall alfo be fubjed to any punishment, pain or penalty, limited, preferibed or infiided by the laws cc-defiaftkal, In like manner as if fuch corrupt agreement , hacf

been

1



Anno duodccinto Auto Statvi. c. i

been aade-sber iuch benefice, dignity, prebend, or living ec-ffafiifeii had become vacant; atoy law or ibttute to the coh-trary in any wife notwithftanding.

CAP. XIU.

An a8 to dtfcbarge and acquit the commijficmers of equivalent far the fumof three hundred eighty one tboufand five butil dred and nine pounds fifteen fallings ten pence halfpenny ly them duly ijfued out of the sum of three, hundred ninety eight tboufand eighty five pounds ten	which	they

received,	,	„

W

HEREAS by the treaty of union, and fifteenth article thereof \ it is agreed. That Scotland Jball have an equivalent for what the fitbjtfts thereof /ball be charged towards payment of the debts of England contracted before the union, in all particulars what* Jeever, and particularly that the sum of three hundred ninety eight tboufand eighty five pounds and ten /hillings should be granted to her Majesty as an equivalent to Scotland, for fetch part of the cujlorn and exctfe there, as should be applicable to the payment of the find debts of England, according to the proportions therein Jet down ; and it is agreed. That her Majesty be empowered to appoint commifi Jbntrsj who should be accountable to the parliament of Great Britain, for difpefeng the jaid fum of three hundred ninety eight tboufand eighty five pounds and ten /billings, and all other monies which Jball arife to Scotland upon the agreements in the treaty of union, to the purposes mentioned in the find fifteenth article, in an a ft of the lafi parlia-mmtof Scotland, intituled. An ad concerning the payment of the fnmsout of the equivalent to the African company; in an-other aft ef the said lafi parliament, intituled. An ad concerning the pubHck debts ; and in an aft of the firfi parliament of Great Britain, intituled. An act for further direding the payment of the equivalent money: and whereas her Majesty, by commffim dmted the fifth of June ont tboufand seven hundred and feven, did nomhtateend appoint Sir Andrew Hume, William Dahrimple, Efq\ Sir Robert Sinclair of Stevenfon, Sir Thomas Burnett of Leyee, irrjohn Areflcine of Alva, Sir John S win ton of the fame9 Sir James Campbell of Abemehill, Sir James Smollett of Bon-hill. Sir Patrick Johnfton, Sir Francis Grant, baronets 5 George Baillie of Jervife Wood, John Haldon of Gleneagles, John Bruce of Kinrofs, William Seton the younger c/Tittmedin; John Clarke the younger of Pennvcook; Alexander Abercrombie of Qteftock,'Mungo Gratae 0/^ Gorthy, John Graham {/'Dugall-towne,John Pringle of Haining,	Douglas the younger of

KeUbead* Daniel7 Campbell 0/ Buttes, Efq\ Sir John Cope, i*igbi, Jzc6b Raynardfon, John Brydges and James Houblon, Efars* iomnufftoturs for difpqjtng the aforesaid fum of three hundred nmety m^bt tboufand eighty five pounds and ten Jbillings, and ak other monies which Jball arife to Scotland upon the agreements in the treaty of onion: andby another commffim dated the fix and twentieth of July one tboufand /even hundred and nine, did nominate and ap~

point



6 Ann. c, *4*

v^-ooQle

Ann* daodbdmp Anm Jt. Sett. i. c. i£

print the aforefidd Sir Andrew Hume, William Dalrimpfe, Efo Sir Robert Sinclair of Stevcnfon, Sir Thomas Burnett Leyes* Sir John Arefkin€ of Alva, Sir John Swioton of the tame* Si* James Campbell of Abemehill, Sir James Smollet of Bonhill, Sir Patrick Johnfton, Baronets; John Bruce ^Kinrofs, William Seton the younger j/’Pktmcdin, Alexander Abercrombie *fGlef-fock, John Pringle of Hayning, Bfq\ Sir John Cope, Knt* ami John Brydges, Efp to be commiffmers for the fame ends and purposes $ which commissioners, or the major fart of them^ purfuant to their said commiffums, have well and duly tjfued and paid the sum of three hundred eighty one thousand five hundred and nine pounds fifteen Jbillings and ten pence halfpenny, as directed by the laws above rented, in manner herein after fit down, viz. towards the left which private persons fttfttnned by the reducing the Englifli money therein Scotland to the current rate m England, the firm of thru tbetnjani and feventeen pounds eighteen /hillings and nine pence $ for reeoming the Scots and foreign money, and reducing it to the fiandardof the coin ^England, the sum of forty nine thousand eight hundred eighty eight pounds fourteen /hillings and eleven pence one sixth of a penny ; towards payment of the flock, interest and debts of the Indian and African company, the firm of two hundred twenty nine thousand fix hundred and eleven pounds four /hidings and eight pence; towards the charges ef the commissioners, fecretaries, and accountants of the two treaties of union, the sum of thirty thousand four hundred ninety eight pounds twelve findings and two pence$ towards payment ef the first clefs of the civil lift, the sum of twenty /even thousand five hundredfifty three pounds feventeen findings and nine pence one third of a penny ; towards payment of the second clafs of the ci%nl lift, the sum of four, thousand fix hundred fifty five pounds and fix /hillings; towards payment of the first clafs ef the military lift, the sum of fourteen thousand one hundred eighty eight pounds and eight pence; towards payment of the second clafs of the military lift, the sum of fourteen thousand four hundred fifty eight pounds two /hillings and right pence five fixths of a penny; for the fees and falaries ef the fervours of the emmiffim, till the fourteenth ^ March, and thirtieth of April tafl pqfi, the sum of five thousand jour hundred and thirteen pounds eleven findings and four pence; for the necessary charges ef the com-mffion, and for defending of law fiats where the titles of parties were tat clear, theft charges preceding the fix and twentieth day ef March lafi, amounted to the sum of two thousand two hundred twenty four pounds fix findings and ten pence one sixth of a penny: all which Jams together amount to the above total of three hundred eighty sue thousand five hundred and nine pounds fifteen /hillings and ten pence halfpenny: be it therefore, fsfc.	vi-

Coramiflloners of the equivalent difeharged of the fums paid by theija upon the several heads mentioned in this aft. But not freed from applying the sum of 16,5731. t+s. id. ob. now remaining in their hands, to the pfcsby the aftsdire&ed. EXP.

III.	And whereas it appears, that the other publick debts of Scotland yet unfatisfied, which are adjufltd and certified, purfyant to the

% difeftim

L.ooQle

ryr^J Anno duodadosa Afenus. Scat.a. c.*4^	xii

dirtOwtrtf ibt fevtral aOs above netted, dt amount to At Jim of tm» hundred and thirty	tboufond three hundred and eight pounds mm

JHlUpgs and ten genet and five	fixths of a penny, including the uetertfk

yffitch parts thereof as bear mtereft from the twenty fourth day of June out thenfand ftvtn hundred and eight, to Ae twenty fourth day of June one tboufimd fevtn hundred and	} be it thcrefone

ended,	tft.

The contnuffionen tp <;al1 for all certificate*. See. and cancel all deben- Redeemed tores by which the unfatisfied debt i* conltituted, and to ifliie new debenr 5 Gco.i. c. Mb teres, to bear interaft at jl. per cent, after *4. Jane 1714. and paid out of the fir& money due to Scotland. EXP.

C AP. XIV.

tin	aft far randring	more tffaSualan a& made in the third

year of the reign of King James the Fir ft, intituled. An a& to prerent and avoid dangers which may grow by popilh reeufants ; andalfo of one ptber alt made in the firftyear of the reign of their late majefties King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An act to veil in the twp uuivermies the prefentations of benefices belonging tp papifts; and far vefting in the lords of jujtmxry power to ivJUQ the fame pnnijbments againft jefuits, , uni • other trafficking papifts,which the privy council of Scotland was impowered to do by an all pajfed in the ' ment of Scodand, intituled, An act for preventing the growth of popery.

' OR as much as by an alt of.parliament made in the third year tf j Jac. x. c. j» the reign of King James the Firft, intituled. An act to prevent and avoid dangers which may grow by popilh reculants; affi one other all made in the firfl year tf the reign of their late ma~ iW.dcM.lclf fifties King William and Queen Mary, intituled. An act to veil «• c.»fi. m the two univcrfitics the prefentationof benefices belonging to papifts, the. prefentacion, nomination, collation and donation of and to benefices, probinds, or ecckjiajtical livings, fchools, hofpitals and donatives belonging to popifb reeufants, and other persons thereby difa*

Med io prefent, collate or nominate, are given to the two univerfities; best they are fo given only where fuch persons are and Jland convicted by finch ways and means as in the said recited afis are mentioned and provided; which ads do nevertbetefs prove ineffectual for fuch pur~ pofes, by reafbn fuch patrons are not convicted, or not tn fuch manner as the said afts do direct and appoint: therefore for making the Cud laws more efie&ual, and for the fpeedier and eafier vefting the presentations to fuch benefices in the two univerfities, according to the intention of the said laws, be it ena&ed by the After so July Qpeea-s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in ^feinto any this present parliament afiembled, and by the authority of benefice, Scc7 the fame. That every papift or person making profeflion of the popifh religion, ana every child not being a proteftant, under ' :	the

F





l\2	Anno	duodecimo	Atixm.	Scat,	i. c. 14;	[1	jrt

tlie age of one and twenty years, of every fuch papift or pcrfiui profeffing the popifli religion, and every mortgagee, tniftee of person any ways intruded, diredtly or indirectly, mediately or immediately, by or for any fuch papift or person malting prO-felfion of the popi/h religion, or fuch child, as aforefaid, .whether fuch truft be declared by writing or not, (hall, from and after the tenth day of July which shall be in the year of our Lord otijt thousand seven hundred and fourteen, be difabled, and is hereby * made incapable to prefertt, collate or nominate to ariy ben^fke, prebend, or ecclefiaftical living, fchool, hofpital or donative, or to grant any avoidance of any benefice, prebend, or ecclefiaftical living; and that every ifucn prefentation, collation, nomination and grant, and every admiflion, inftitution and indrftion to be made thereupon, shall be utterly void and df rto effect/ t<* all intents, conftru&ions, and purposes whatfoever; and that in every fuch cafe the chancellor and fcholars of the univerfitjfof And the two ^xfor^ the chancellor and fcholars of the univerfity of Cam-univerfitie* bridge^ by what name or names foever they or either of them lb all have the are incorporated, shall refpectively have the prefentation, notni-prefentation, nation, collation and donation, of and to every fuch benefice, &c. in the re- pre5en<j? or ecclefiaftical living, fchool, hofpital and donative, ti^&c.^men" lying, and being in the refpedtive counties, cities, and other tioned in places and limits in the said a<5l of the third year of King Japtet S Jac. 1. c. 5. mentioned, as in and by the said a£t is directed and appointed in the cafe of a popifh recufant convidh When any II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, prefentation is That from and after the said tenth day of July, when and* as aroblRfoopany °^ten as any prefentation to any benefice or ecclefiaftical living Ac. he may shall be brought to any archbimop, bi(hop, or other ordinary tender to the from any person who shall be reputed to be, or whom filch perfon, if ore- archbifhop, bifhop, or other ordinaryf shall have caufe to fuf-5aration in" to a PaP‘^» or truftee of any person making profpffion »5Car,i.c.*. of the popifh religion, or fufpedled to be fuch, it shall arid may be lawful to and for fuch archbi/hop, bifhop, or other ordinary, and he is hereby required tp tender of adminifter to every , fuch perfon, if prefent, the declaration againft tranfubftanti-ation, fet down and exprefled in an adt of parliament made in the five and twentieth year of the reign of the late King Charles the Second, intituled. An act for preventing dangers which may happen from popijh recufants> to be by fuch person made, repeat* If abfent, fum- ed and fubferibedand in cafe fuch person shall be abfent, the mon him to said archbiihop, bifhop, or other ordinary (hall, by notice in appear. writing to be left at the place of habitation of fuch perfon, appoint feme convenient time and place when and where fuch person shall appear before fuch archbifhop, bifhop, or other ordinary, or fome persons to be authorized by fuch archbifhop, bifhop, or other ordinary, by commiflion under his or their feal of office; and upon luch appearance, the said archbifhop* bilhop, or other ordinary, or fuch commiflioners, shall tender or adminifter the said declaration to the person making fuch prefentation j and in cafe fuch person shall negledt or refufe to

make



1713'] Anno duodecimo Ann Scat. 2. c. 14;	113

m?ke» repeat, and fubferibe fuch declaration, when the fame Refuting to fliallbefotendred, as aforefaid, or shall negledl or refufe to ap- hjakethede-pear before fuch archbifhop, bifhop, or other ordinary, or fuch to appear, die comroifiioners, upon fuch notice as aforefaid. That then fuch prefentation prefentation shall be utterly void and of none effedt; and in shall be void * evinr fuch qafe, fuch archbifhop, bifhop, or other ordinary^* thearch-(hall withla ten days next after fuch negledl or refufal, fend &all°certify and, give a certificate under his or their leal of office of fuch fuch refulal to ncglecl or refufal to the vice-chancellor for the time being, of the univerfity, that univerfity to whom fuch prefentation would of right be- JT*10 long, if fuch person fo prefenting had been a popifh recufantlcnt* c* convidl ; and it shall and may be lawful, to and for the chan*? cellor and fcholars of fuch univerfity, to present a person qualified according to t}ie said adts to fuch benefice or ecclefiaftical living; and the prefentation to fuch benefice or ecclefiaftical living, for that turn only, is hereby given unto, and vefted in them for that purpofe; any matter, clause or thing contained in either of the said former recited adls to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

III.	And for the better discovery of all fecret trufts, and BKhops.&c. to fraudulent conveyances made by papifts or persons making pro- f^^relented session of the popifh religion, or their advowfons and right ofgaoath!^ ** prefentation, nomination and donation, to any benefices or ecclefiaftical livings ; be it further enacted by the authority a-

forefaid. That when the prefentation of any person prefented to any benefice or ecclefiaftical living, shall be brought to any archbifhop, bi(hop, or other ordinary, the said archbifhop, bifhop or ordinary, is hereby required, before he give inftituti-on, to examine tne person prefented upon oath, whether to the be(t and utmoft of his knowledge and belief, the person or performs who have made fuch prefentation, be the true and real patron or patrons of the said benefice or ecclefiaftical living, or made the said prefentation in his, or her, or their own right, or whether fuch person or persons fo prefenting be not, mediately or immediately, diredtly or indiredlly, truftee or truftees, or any way intruded for fome other, and what person or persons by name* who is or are papifts, or make profeflion of the popiln religion, or the children of fuch, or tor any other and what person or persons, or what he knows, has heard, or believes, touching or concerning the fame $ and if fuch person or persons ^amine/°rhe lb prefented shall refufe to be fo examined, or shall not anfwer prefentation diredUy thereto, then and in every fuch cafe fuch prefentation shall be void. lhaJl be void.

IV.	An4 Jbe it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, Univerfitymay TJia£ it lhall and may be lawful for the chancellor and fcholars exhibit bills iu of th^rc/pedlive univerfities, to whom the prefentations to fuch c^ai\CYry for benc$ces and ecclefiaftical livings (hould belong, in cafe the ofWuTident rigfitfW patrons had been popifh recufants convidl, and their truft*. prefentees or clerks, for the better discovery of fuch fecret and fraudulent trufts, had, done, made and created, by or for fuch

panjli^ or persons profafling the popilh religion-, and their child-ypL. XIII.	I	ren.

(^.ooQle

114	Anno	duodecimo	Annas.	Stat.	2. C. 14.	[171 3.

rcn, as aforefaid, to exhibit their bill in any court of equity a-gainft fuch person or persons prefenting, and fuch person or persons as they have reafonto believe to be the Cejlvy que Truft of the advowlon df fuch benefice or ecclefiaftical hving, or any other person who they have caufe to fufpedt may be able to make any other or further difccrvery of fuch fecret trufts and practices $ to which bill the defendants therein named, being duly ferved with the procefs of the court in which the said bill (ban be ex-*	hibited,	(hall forthwith diredtly anfwer to the fadb changed and

enquired in the said bill, at the difcretion of the court where fuch bill shall be exhibited \ and in cafe the defendants, or any of them, shall rcfufe or negledt to anfwer the said bill in fucn reafonable time as shall be for that purpofe allowed and appointed, by difcretion of the said court where the (aid caufe shall be depending, (the diftance of place and the circumftances of the defendant or defendants confidered) That then and in fuch cafe the said bill shall betaken proConfeJfo, and be allowed as evidence againft fuch person fo negledting and refufing, and his truftee or truftees, and his and their clerk : Provided that every perfpn having fully anfwered fuch bill in fuch court of equity, and not knowing any thing of any fuch truft for a papift or other person difabled, as aforefaid, shall be entitled to his cods, to be taxed according to the courfe of the court.

When any V. And be it further enabled by the authority aforeCm!,' Quarelmpedit That it lhall and may be lawful for the court where any Square is3e pen ding bnpedit shall be hereafter depending, at the inftance of either of the court may ^ fa*l(j chancellors and fcholars, or their clerk, being plaintiffs oath toor defendants in fuch fuit. by motion in open court, dt their ver any fecret difcretion to make any rule or order requiring fatisfadtion, upon trull:	the oath of fuch patron arid his clerk, who in the said fuit lhall

conteft the right of the said univerfity to prefcnt to fuch benefice or ecclefiaftical living, by examination of them or either of them, in open court, or by commiflion under the feal of fuch court for examination of them or either of them, or by affidavit, as the said court shall find mod proper, in order to the dif-covery of any fecret truft, frauds or pradtifes relating to the laid And if it ap- prefentation then in queftion ; and in cafe it appear to the court, pear that the upon the examination of fuch patron and clerk or either of them, P*1™**That the said patron is but a truftee for Tome other person or (cover Per^ons» that t*ien t*ie patron and his clerk shall difcover for whom, or fuch person and persons are, and where he, fhe, or they be punifhed live or inhabit; and upon their feftifal ro make fuch difcdveryJ as guilty of a or to give fuch fatisfadtion, as aforefaid, they lhall be punifhed contempt. a$ perJ*ong that are guilty of a contempt to the said court $ and. Court mayor-^ cafe fuch patron or his clerk shall difcover the person for der the person whom die said patron is a truftee, that then and in fuch cafe* for whom fuch the said court', upon motion made in open court, shall make a truftetoap* or orc^er> That the person or persons, for whom the said pear and make patron is a truftee, (hall, in the said court, or before commif-the declarati- (ioners to be appointed for that purpofe, under the feal of the on,&c. who said court, thake, repeat and fubfenbe the declaration againft

6	*	trin-





i	ft,}.? Atfn6 duodecimo’AffNAL Stat. 2. c. 14.'	rig

tranfubftantiation herein before mentioned, and likewife, onTcftlfingfl,a,Ibc pain of incurring a contempt againft the said court, give fuch	a-oT

further fetisfaftkm upon oath, touching or relating to the said c conv tyuft, as the said court shall think fit; and fuch person fo required to make, repeat and fubfcribe the said declaration, and refufing or neglefting fo to do, shall be efteemed as a popilh re-cufant convict, in refpeft of fuch prcfentation.

' VL And be it further enacted. That the anfwer of fuch pa- The anfwer of tron and patrons, and the person for whom he or they are any ways intruded, and his and their clerk, or any of them, and his and their or any of their examinations and affidavits taken deace* as aforefaid, by oraer of any court where fuch Quart Impedit shall he depending, or by any archbifhop, bifhop, or other or-dinaij, or the commifliooers, as aforefaid, (which examinations (nail therefore be reduced into writing, and figned by the party examined) shall be allowed as evidence againft fuch patron fo prefenting, and his clerk.

. VII. Provided always. That no fuch bill, nor any difcovery PerToni mak-to be made by any anfwer thereunto, or to any fuch examina-Mn8 tion, as aforefaid, shall be made ufe of to fubjeft any person only to the loft making any fuch difcovery, or not anfwering fuch bill, to any of the prefen-penalty or forfeiture, other than the Jofs of the presentation tation. then in queftion.

VIII. And it is hereby further enafted, That in cafe of any If fuch bill be (uch bill or bills of difcovery, as aforefaid, exhibited in any exhibited by court of equity by the chancellor and fcholars of either of the nolap(Tflw!^* (aid univerfities, or their prefentec, no lapfe shall incur, nor incur. Sec. till plenarty be a bar, againft fuch chancellor and fcholars, in ref- three months peft of the benefice or ecclefiaftical living, touching which fuch	tht an~

bill shall be fo exhibited, till after three months* from the time	put

that the anfwer to fuch bill shall be put in, or the fame be taken pro Confeffij or the profecution thereof deferted ; provided that (uch bill or bills be exhibited before any lapfe incurred.

IX And whereas it bath been doubted whether any writ of Quare Thcuniverfity % bnpedit brought by the refpeftive univerfities ^ for any prefentation; y fue any nomination^ collation or donation purfuant to the said recited oils, or either of them, may be brought by them, in or by the name of chan- mpfcu * cellor and fcholars^ or ought to be by their true name of incorporation refyettivefy \ it is hereby declared. That the said refpeftive chancellors and fcholars of the said univerfities are by this aft, and were by the laid former afts, entitled to fue any writ of Quare Impedit by the name of chancellor and fcholars of the univerfi-tv of Oxford, and chancellor and fcholars of the univerfity of Cambridge relpcftively, or by their refpeftive proper names of incorporation at their eleftion.

X.	And be it further enafted, That in cafe of any truft for Thecourtmmy any papift, or person profefling the popifh religion, confided or enforce the dilcovered in and by any anfwer to fuch bill, as aforefaid, or luch examination, as aforefaid, it shall and may be lawful for JJ, the couiy where fuch difcovery shall be made, and fuch court is hereby enabled, to inforcc the producing of the deeds creating * •	la	and





Il6

Not to extend to Scotland.

The lords of judiciary may mflift the fame Hunifhijients. on jeftrits, See, which the privy council of Scotland was impowered to do by an act passed in that

Anno duodecimo Ann-®, Stat, 2, c. i£<	[1713;

and relating to the fakl trufts, by fuch methods as they Ihall-find proper.

XI.	Provided always, that nothing herein before contained lhall extend to that part of Great Britain called Scotiand*

XII.	And whereas by the determination of the late privy council of Scotland, the punijhments contained in an aft of the parliament of Scotland, paffied in the eighth fejjion of the firtl parliament of King, William, intituled, An a<ft for preventing the growth of popery, cannot be fully put in execution againjl jefuits, priefts, and other trafficking papifts, who difguife and fielter themfclves under borrowed names, to avoid the penalty of the law ; it is therefore hereby enabled, and be it enaefted by the authority aforefaid. That the lords of her Majesty’s judiciary in Scotland, be hereby impaw-ered to inflidt the fame punilhments againft jefuits, priefts, and other trafficking papifts, which the privy council of Scotland. was impowered to do by the aforesaid a& of parliament.

,	CAP.	XV.

An act for providing a publick reward for fuch person or persons as jkall difeover the longitude at Sea.

WHEREAS it is well known by all that are acquainted with the art of navigation, That nothing is fo much wanted and defired at Sea, as the discovery of the longitude, for the fafety and quicknefs of voyages, the'preservation of Jhips, and the lives of men: and whereas in the judgment of able mathematicians and navigators, several methods have already been difeovered9 true in theory though very difficult in praftice, feme of which (there is reafon to expeft) may be capable of improvement, feme already difeovered may be pro-pofed to the publick, and others may be invented hereafter. And whereas fuch a discovery would be of particular advantage to the trade of Great Britain, and very much for the honour of this kingdom; but befides the great difficulty of the thing itfelf partly for the want of feme publick reward to be fettled as an encouragement for fo ufeful and beneficial a work, and partly for want of money for trials and experiments neceffiary tlyereunto, no fuch inventions or propofals, hr--	therto made, have been brought to perfeftion \ be it therefore enact-

ed by the Queen’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons, in parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the Commiflion- feme. That the lord high admiral of Great Britain, or the first ers appointed commiffioner of the admiralty, the fpeaker of the honourable for difeover- houfe of commons, the first commiffioner of the navy, the first tu§ethandnfe-*comm‘®oner tra<*e> admirals of the red, white, and ceivinepropo- blue fquadrons, the mafter of the Trinity-houfe, the prefident fals relating to of the royal fociety, the royal aftronomer of Greenwichy the H*	Savilian,	Lucafian,	and	Plumian	profeflors	of the mathematicks

in Oxford and Cambridgey all for the time being, the right honourable Thomas earl of Pembroke and Montgomery, Philip lord bifliop of Hereford, George lord bifliop of Brifiol, Thomas lord Trevor, the honourable Sir Thomas Hanmer baronet, fpeaker of the honourable houfe of commons, the honourable Francis

Rsbarts



U7

i.y *3*] Anno duodecimo AnnJE. Stat.,2. . c. 15.

Robarts efq; James Stanhope efq; William Clayton efq; and William Lottmdes efq; be conftituted, and they are hereby conftitu-ted commiflioners for the discovery of the longitude at fea*. and for examining* trying* and judging of all propofals* experi-ments, and improvements relating to the fame ; and that the laid commiflioners* or any five or more of them, have full power to hear and receive any propofal or propofals that shall be made to them for difeovering the laid longitude ; and in cafe Commiflion-the said commiflioners, or any five or more of them* shall be fo ers to certify far fatisfied of the probability of any fuch difcovery, as to think the P it proper to make experiment thereof, they shall certify the fame	^

under their hands and feals, to the commiflioners of the navy commiflioners fpr the time being, together with the persons names* who are of the navy, the authors of fuch propofals; and upon producing fuch certi- whofhallmake ficate, the said commiflioners are hereby authorized and required for °F to make out a bill or bills for any fuch fum or fums of money, making the not exceeding two thousand pounds* as the said commiflioners experiments, for the difcovery of the said longitude, or any five or more of them, shall think neceflary for making the experiments* pay- i4Geo.a.c.;9. able by the treasurer of the navy; which fum or fums the trea- *6 Geo. ». c. furer of the navy is hereby required to pay immediately to fgch person or persons as shall be appointed by the commiflioners for ** P*,<J the difcovery of the said longitude* to make thofe experiments, out of any money that shall be in his hands, unapplied for the ufe of the navy.

II.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That The commif-after experiments made of any propofal or propofals for the dif- Goners tode-oovery of the said longitude, the commifTioners appointed by f^nypro^ this a<5f* or the major part of them* shall .declare and determine p0faj £ pra#;_ how far the fame is found pra&icable, and to what degree of cable, exa&nefs.

Ill; And for a due and fufficient encouragement to any fuch Reward to the person or persons as shall difeover a proper method for finding firftdifcovcrer. the said longitude* be it enadlcd by the authority aforefaid* That the first author or authors, difeoverer or difeoverers of any fpeh gaethod* his or their executors* adminiftrators, or afligns, shall be entjtled to* and have fuch reward as herein after is mentioned; that is to fay* to a reward* or fum of ten thousand pounds, if it determines the said longitude to one degree of a great circle, or sixty geographical miles ; to fifteen thousand pounds* if it determines the fame to two thirds of that diftance; and to twenty When to be thousand pounds, if it determines the fame to one half of the fame diflance; and that one moiety or half-part of fuch reward or tym (hail be due and paid when the said commiflioners, or tfie major part of them, do agree that any fuch method extends to the fecurity of (hips within eighty geographical miles of the (hores, which are places of the greateft danger* and the other moiety or half-part* when a (hip by the appointment of the said commiflioners* or the major part of them, shall thereby a<5hial]y fail over the ocean, from Great Britain to any fuch port in the Weft-Intith as ^ofe commiflioners, or the major part of them,

13	(lull

L,ooQle

1)8	Anna	duodecimo Anna. Sett.2. c.i&	£17	§3.

(kail choose or nooainate for the experiment, without ksfing their longitude beyond the limits before mentioned;

As foon as Iv. And be it further enacted by the authority afore&id, That fnch method as foon as fuch method for the difeoyery of the said longitude shall have shall beCti tried an(j found practicable and ufeful at fern, practicable, withih any of the degrees aforefaid, That the said commiffion-the commif- ***> or the major part of them, shall certify the fame eccond-fioners shall ingly, under their hands and (cals, to the commissioners of the certify the navy for the time being, together with the perfoa or perfoa* CQ^mifDoners n3uncs» who are the authors of fuch propofal * and upon fuch of the navy, certificate the said commissioners are hereby authorized and re-who fall quired to make out a bill or bills for the refpeCbve fum or fums make out bills cf inonfiyf to which the author or authors of fuch propofal, of^Ee^eward, t^e'r executors, adminiftrators, or afligns* shall be entitled by and the trea-# virtue of this alt; which fum or fums the treasurer of the navy, furer of the is hereby required to pay to the said author or authors, their jaayy shall pay executors, adminiftrators, or afligns, out of any money that shall the ame, ^ ^js hjndg unapplied to the ufe of the navy, according to the true intent and meaning of this alt.

The commif- V- And it is hereby further enalted by the authority afore-^Jncrs "»y faid, That if any fuch propofal shall not, on trial, be found of reward for f° 6r*at u^e» as af°refncnt*one^> yet if the fame, on trial, in the any propofal judgment of the (aid commissioners, or the major part of them, of ronfider- be found of confiderabie uTe to the publick, that then in fuch al'w-U!rC t0 cak* ^ aut^or or authors, their executors, adminiftrators, pijolick. or a(jjgns> ftiall have and receive fuch lefs reward therefore, as the said commissioners, or the major part of them,* (ball think reafonable, to be paid by the treasurer of the navy, on fuch certificate, as aforefaid,

GAP. XVI.

An aS to reduce the rate of interefi, without #ny prejudice to parliamentary fecuritiet.

TX7 PIEREAS the reducing of inter eft to tenyand from thence to V V eight, and thence to fix in the hundred, hath, from time to time, by experience been found very beneficial to the advancement of trade, and improvement of lands: and whereas the heavy burden of the late hng and expenfive war hath been chiefly born by the owner* of the land of this kingdom, by reafon whereof they have been neeeffitated to contra^ very large debts, and thereby, and by the abatement in the Value of their lands, are become greatly impoverijhed: andwbtreas by reafon of the great interefi and profit which hath been made of money at home, the foreign trade of this nation hath of late years been much negle&ed, and at this time there is a great abatement in the value of the merchandises, wares, and commodities of this kingdom, both at home and in foreign parts, whither they are tranfported: and whereas for the redrefs of theft tnifehiefs, and the preventing the encreofe of the fame, it is abfolutely neeeffary to reduce the high rate of interefi of fix pounds in the hundred pounds for a year to a nearer proportion with the interefi allowed for money in foreign Jlates $ be it therefore malted by the Queen’s molt excellent majefty, by dnd with the

advice



ffi$;J AaooduodcdwAnnm. Sut.a. c.i&	119

advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefeat parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fltne, That no person or persons whatfoever, from After 19 Sept, and after the nine and twentieth day of September in the year of 1^14- no per-our Lord one thousand seven huhdred and fourteen, upon any	tak*

contra#, which shall be made from and after the (aid nine and cen^iatercfL twentieth day of September, take, dire<31y or indiredly, for loan cf any monies, wares, merchandise, or other commodities what-foever, above the value of five pounds for the forbearance of one hundred pounds for a year, and fo after that rate for a greater or leffer futn, or for a longer or fhorter time; and that All bonds, to. ail bonds, contra&s, and afTurances whatfoever, made after the for aJE^[jr time aforefaid, for payment of any principal, or money to be lent or covenanted to be performed upon or for any ufury,

^hereupon or whereby there shall be referved or taken above the rate of five pounds in the hundred, as aforefaid, shall be Utterly void; and that all and every person or persons whatfo- SddnlaSm ever, which (ball after the time aforefaid, upon any contra# to for the be made after the (aid nine and twentieth day of September, take, forbearance of accept and receive, by way or means of any corrupt bargain, loan, ,0° *•	*

exchange, chevizance, fnift, orintereftof any wares, merchan-dots or other thing or things whatfoever, or by any deceitful value of the way or means, or by any covin, engine, or deceitful convey- monies, to. ance, for the forbearing or giving day of payment for one whole jfar, of and for their money or other thing, above the sum of live pounds for the forbearing of one hundred pounds for a year, and fo after that rate for a greater or lefler fum, or for a longer or (horter term, shall forfeit and lofe for every fuch offence the treble value of the monies, wares, merchandizes, and cither things fo lent, bargained, exchanged or fhifted. •

II.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That Aft0, a9 Sept* all and every ferivener and feriveners, broker and brokers, folici- * n®cfcn* tar and folicitors, driver and drivers of bargains for contracts, 4^11 take * who (haH after the said nine and twentieth day of September above 5 s. fee taka or receive, dircftly or indirectly, any fum or fums of mo- tool, for a ney, or other reward or thing for brokage, foliating, driving, or ^ procuring the loan, or forbearing of any fum or fums of money, i»d. bc-6m and above the rate or value of five shillings for the loan, (ides (lamp or forbearing of one hundred pounds for a year, and fo ratably, duties, for or above twelve pence, over and above the (lamp-duties, for	PB*

making or renewing of the bond or bill for loan, or forbearing bond^&^on thereof or for any counterbond or bill concerning the fame, penalty of aoU shall forfeit for every fuch offence twenty pounds, with cofts of co(Is, and im-fttk, and fuffer imprifonment for half a year; the one moiety of prifonment ail which forfeitures to be to the Queen’s moft excellent majefty,	to

her heirs and faccedbrs, and the other moiety to him or them the Sown*the' that will foe for the fame in the feme county where the several other to the offences are committed, and not elfewhere, by adtion of debt, pndecutor. bill, plaint or information, in which no efloin, wager of law or prote&on shall be allowed.

I4	CAP.



130	Anna	duodecimo Annm. Scat. 2. c. if. '[lyt.J.

CAP. XVII.

An act for the fpeedy and effeftual preferring the navigation of the river of Thames, by flopping the breach in tbs levels of Havering and Dagenham in the county of Eflex s and for afcertaining the coal meafure.

WHEREAS the preservation of the river of Thames is of the utmofl importance, as well to the city of Lortdon, as to the trade of this whole kingdom: and whereas in the year one thorn-fandfeven hundred and feven, by a violent inundation of the said river of Thames, there happened a great breach in the walls or bank of the levels of Havering and Dagenham in the county of Eflex, next adjoining to the said river, whereby one thousand acres of land in the said levels is overflowed, and the fame, if not fpeeaijy remedied, will tend to the apparent hazard of the navigation of the said river, by the continual quantities of earth and gravel, which every tide are brought from the Jaid breach, and have already occafioned a Jhelf or fand bank to grow up near the mouth of the said breach, which reaches almbft half crofs the river in breadth, and near a mile in length; informkb that if the said breach is not flopped, and the walls or banks made good again, the navigation of the said river of Thames is in danger of being utterly deflroyed: tor remedy whereof, be it ena&ed, 5fc.

For io years from 10July 1714. Ships coining into .the port of I^ondom, to pay 3d. per ton. Coafters 3 s. each voyage. Colliers 1 d. per chaidef. Names of the truftees. Truftees may appoint receivers of thefe duties. J)utics to be applied to the (topping the breach. Accounts, &c. to be laid before the parliament. No cuftomer, See. to take any entries. See. till thefe duties are paid, on forfeiture of 50I. Collector may enter (hips, and diftrain for the duties. Truftees may borrow money on this aft at 61. per cent. If fufficient money be raised within the 1 o years, then the duties toceafe.

. XI. And whereas the practice and ufage in the port ^ London for many years lafl pafl, in the meafurement of all forts of cods, commonly called fea coals, water-born, liable to the several duties, and chargeable with the fame by several afts of parliament, hath ujuatif been made by a bujbel equal to one bufhel and one quart, Winchefter meafure, according to the Jlandard in her Majefly’s Exchequer: and whereas fome doubts and difputes have of late arifen touching the meafurement of fea coals; for preventing therefore all foch dif-putes for the future, be it enafted and declared by the authority The contents aforefaid, That the bufhel commonly called the coal bufhei, of a coal	(hall be made round, with a plain and even bottom, and to- be

bu hcl* w	nineteen inches and a half from outfide to outfide, and to con-

^	T3*	ta*n one Winchefler bufhel and one quart of water, according to

5‘ *2 the ftandard for the JVmthefler bufhel, deferibed by an a<ft of parliament made in the thirteenth year of the reign of his late ma-jefty King William for fettling a duty upon malt, and all fea coals and culm chargeable with any duties by the JVinchefter meafure, from and alter the first day of Auguft one thousand /even hundred and fourteen, shall b$ chargeable with the laid

duties.



121

Tyi$>J	Anno duodecimo AiJnjb* Sfcat, 2.€. /8.

duties* and be fold, meafured, and paid by the chalder, containing thirty-fix of fuch buihels, as aforefaid, heaped up, and no other, and fo in proportion for any greater or iefler quantity, under the like penalties and forfeitures as are by law prcfcribed in regard to the Winchefter bulhel; any law, ufage or cuftom to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

XII. And. for the more eafy and better ascertaining tie contents of A ftandard the find bujhel, be it further enaded by the authority aforefiiitf,ptin°h* That the lord high treafurer, or any three or more of the com- Exchequer, nriffioners of the treasury for the time being, shall caufe an ex-The penalty of %A bufhel to be made of brafs of the manner and dimenfions a- s°l•is ^d on ferefaid, and the fame to be fealed and kept in her Majesty’sfffba Exchequer as a ftandard forthepurpofes aforefaid, that recourfe^^^ may be had thereto as occafion shall require.	3 Geo. 1.	c.26.

Lands fold by decree of commissioners of fewers, &c. may*be redeemed by * ,3* the land owners before i Dec. 17x4. Notice in the gazette of receiving propo&ls for Hopping the breach. CoaiHng hoys not chargeable. EXP.

t '	CAP.	XVIII.

Am aS for the preferving all fucb /hips and goods there* of9 which JhaU happen to be forced on Jhore, or ftrand-ed, upon the coafts of this kingdom, or any other of her Majesty's dominions.

WHEREAS by an aH made in the third year of the reign of$ Ed. 1. c. 4* King Edward the Firjl, concerning wrecks at fea, it is en-a&idy lhat where a man, a dog, or a cat, efcape quick out of the Jbipy that filth Jhip, nor barge, nor any thing in them, JbaU be adjudged a wrecks but the goods Jhall be faved, and kept by view of the Jberiff, coroner, or the King's bailiff, and delivered into the hands of fucb as are of the town where the goods were found; fo that if any fue for thofe goods, and after prove that they were his, or perijbed within bis keeping, within a year and a day, they Jhall be rtjlored to > him without delay, and if not, they JbaU remain to the King, or to fucb others to whom wreck belongetb; and he that otherwise doth, and thereof be attainted,*Jhall be awarded to prifon, and make fine at the Kingrs wdl: and whereas by another aft made in the fourth year of the reign, of the said Edward the Firft, intituled, De officio Coro- *Ed.i. ftat.s, naroris, concerning the wreck of the fea, it is enabled. That where-faver it he found, if any lay hands of it, he Jhall be attached by fiuf-fident pledges, and the price of the wreck Jhall be valued, and delivered to the town: and whereas great complaints have been made by several merchants, as well her Majesty's fubjefts as foreigners, trading to and from this kingdom, that manyjhipsof trade, after aU their dangers at fea ejeaped, have unfortunately, near home, run on Jhore, or been ftranded on the coafis thereof; and that fuch Jbips have been barbaroufly plundered by her Majesty's fubjefls, and their cargoes em-btzilled, and when any part thereof has been faved, it has been /wallowed up by exorbitant demands for falvage, to the great lofs of her Mqjeftfs revenue, and to the much greater damage of her Majesty's trading fubjefls: for remedy whereof, beit enaded by the Queen’s

moft



Ill

Sheriffs, mayors, &C. and cuftom-houfe officers to fummon men to afiift (hips ia di-ftfcfa.

All (hips to aJEft,

Anno duodcfcimo AtfNJE. Star. 2. c. 18.	[17131

moft excellent majdfty, by and with the advice and eonfent of the lords fpirituaL and temporal, and commons, in this pre-lent'parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the feme* That the (heriffs, juftioes of the peace of every county, or county of a city or town, and alfo all mayors, bailiffs, and other head officers of corporationsand port towns near adjoining to the fca^ and all conftables, headboroughs, tything-men, and officers of the customs in all and every fuch places (hall, upon application made to them, orany of them, by or on the behalf of any commander or chief officer of any (hip or veflel of any of her Ma-jcfty’s fubje&s, or others, being in danger of being (branded or run on fhorc, or being (branded or run on (hone, arc hereby im-powcred and required to command the conftables of the feyeral ports within her Majesty’s dominions, neareft to the fea coofts where any fuch (hip or veflel shall be in danger, as aforefaid, to fummon and call together as many men as shall be thought ne-eeffary to the afliftauce and for the preservation of fuch (hip or veflel fo in diftrefs, as aforefaid, and their cargoes; and that if there shall be any (hip or veflel, either man of war or merchants (hip, belonging to her Majesty, or any of her fubjeds, riding at anchor near the place where fuch (hip or veflel is in diftrefs or danger, as aforefaid, the officers of the cuftoms, and conftables above mentipned, or any of them, are hereby impowefed and required to demand of the fuperior officers of filch (hip or veflel fo riding at anchor, as aforcfaid, affiftanceby their boats,* and fuch hands as they can conveniently fpare, for the (aid fetv vice and preservation of the (kid (hip or veflel fo in diftrefs, as aforesaid $ and that in cafe fuch fuperior officer of fuch (hip or veflel riding at anchor, as aforefaid, shall refufe or negled to

five fuch afliftsnee, he shall forfeit for the feme the sum of one undred pounds, to be recovered by the fuperior officer of the feid (hip or veflel fo in diftrefs, as aforcfaid, together with their cofts of fuit, in any of her Majesty*s courts of record, by action, debt, bill, plaint or information, wherein no eflbin, wager of law, or proie&ion shall be allowed.

II. And for the encouragement of fuch ptrfons as shall give their affiftance to fuch (hips or veffels fo in diftrefs, as aforefaid, be it further ena&ed. That the said colle&ors of the ct*-ftoms, and the mafter or commanding officer of any (hips or veflcls, and all others who shall ad or be imployed in the pro--	ferving	of	any	fuch	(hip	or	veflel	in	diftrefs,	as aforefaid, or their

cufim*t0	CIfSOC8^ Awll within thirty days after the service performed be

J	paid a reafonable reward for the fame, by the commander, ma-

ter, or other foperior officer, mariners or owners of the (hip or veflel fo in diftrefs, as aforefaid, or by the merchant, whofe. (hip, veflel, or goods shall be fo feved, as aforesaid \ and hide* fault thereof, the feid (hip, veflel or goods fo fared, as aforefaid, shall remain in the cuftody of fuch officer of thecuftoms, or his deputy, until fuch time that all charges shall be paid, and untU the (aid officer of the cuftoms, or his deputy, and the said matter or o$cr pfficer of the (hip or vcflplt and all others fo itn-

ployed

on forfeiture of tool.

Reafonable falvage to be m^dt, - . • • By 5 Geo. 1. c. 11. f. 13. Goods laved from ftranded



ipjj.] Aftno duodecimo AnJja. Scat. t. c. 18. *	^

ployed as sforefaid, shall be reafonably gratified for their (aid affiftaoce and trouble, or good fecurity given ibr that purpofe, to the foisfa&ion of the fevcral parties that are to receive the lame 5 and that in cafe after fiich falvage, the commander or other fuperior officer, mariners or owners of fuch (hip or veflel fo faved, as aforesaid, or merchant whose goods shall be (b laved, as aforefeid, shall difagree with the said officer of the cuftoms, or his deputy, touching the monies deferved by any of the persons fo imployed, as aforefeid, it shall be lawful tor the com** mander of fuch (hip or veflel fo faved, or the owner of thegoods, or the merchant intcrefied therein, and alfo for the said officer of the cuflom6, or his deputy, to nominate three of the neighbouring juftkes of the peace, who shall thereupon adjuft the quart- Three ioffices turn of the monies or gratuities to be paid to the (everal persons to adiu** tbc acting or being imployed in the (alvage of the (aid (hip, veflel <luantum-or goods i and fuch adjuftments fiiaU be binding to all parties, and shall be recoverable in an adtion at law to be brought in any of her Majesty’s courts of record, by the reflpc&ive persons to whom the fame shall be allotted by thesaid juftices of peace j and in cafe it shall happen, that no person shall appear to make his Goods nee claim to all or any the goods that shall be laved, that then and claimed in fueh cafe, the chief officer of thecoffoms of the neareft port to	**

the place where the said (hip or veflel was fo in diftrefs, as a- 9 fortfaid, shall apply to three of the neareft juftices of die peace, who (ball put him or fome other refponfible person in pofleflion oftbe feid goods, fuch juftices of peace taking an account in writing of the said goods, to be figned by fuch officer of the imftoms i and if the said goods shall not be legally claimed within the fpace of twelve months next enfuing, by the rightful owner, thereof, then publick fale shall be made thereof, and if perilhable goods, forthwith to be fold, and after all charges de-dudled, the refidue of the monies arifing by fuch fale, with a tranfmitted Air and juft account of the whole, shall be tranfmitted to her into the Ex-Majcfty's Exchequer, there to remain for the benefit of the chequer, dec. rightful owner when appearing, who upon affidavit or other proof made of his or their right or property thereto, to the fa-tisfadion of one of the barons of the coife of the Exchequer,

(hallnpon his order receive the fame out of the Exchequer.

• III. And it is hereby alfo ena&ed, That if any person or per- Perfons en-fons whatfoever, befides thofe impowered by the said officer of tring (hip the cuftoms, or his deputy, and the conftables, as afbrefaid, without leave, foaU enter or endeavour to enter on board any fuch (hip or vef-fei fo in diftrefs, as aforefaid, without the leave or confent of the commander, or other fuperior officer of the said (hip, or of the find officer of the cuftoms, or his deputy, or of the said con-ftsble, or fome or one of them imployed for the service and preservation of the said (hip or veflel, as aforelaid; or in cafe any or hindering person shall moled him, them, or any of them, in the faving *e f>ymgtj»e of the (aid (hip, veflel or goods, or mall endeavour to impede or hinder the laving of any fuch (hip, veflel or goods, or when faftmn. any fuch goods are faved, shall take out or deface the marks of

any



JZ4

Matters may repel preflcrs into the (hip.

Goods carried off, to be immediately delivered up.

Penalty treble the value.

Making holes in the (hip, &c. felony.

General iflue.

Anno duodecimo Ann,*. Srat. a. c. 18. [i7rj.

any fuch goods, before the fame shall be taken down in a book or books tor that purpofe provided by the commander or ruling officer, and the first officer of the customs as aforefaid, fuch person or persons (hall, within the fpace of twenty days, make double (atisfadtion to the party grieved, at the diferetion of the two next juftices of peace, or in default thereof, shall by fuch juftices of peace be fent to the next houfe of corre&ion, where he shall continue and be imployed in hard labour by the fpace of twelve months then next entiling; and that it shall be lawful for any commander or fuperior officer of the said (hip or veflel fo in diftrefs as aforefaid, or for the (aid officer of the cuftoms, or conftables on board the fame (hip or veflel, to repel by force any fuch person or persons as (hall, without fuch leave or confcnt from the said commander or fuperior officer, or the said officer of the cuftoms, or his deputy, or fuch conftables, as aforefaid, prefs on board the said (hip or veflel fo in diftrefs, as aforefaid, and thereby moled them in the preservation of the said (hip or veflel fo in diftrefs, as aforefaid.

IV. And it is hereby likewife ena&ed, That in cafe any goods shall be found upon any person or persons, that were ftolen or carried off from any fuch (hip or veflel fo in diftrefs, as afore-, faid, he, (he, or they, on whom fuch goods shall be found, shall immediately, upon demand, deliver the fame to the owner thereof, or to fuch person by fuch owner authorized to receive the fame, or in default thereof, shall be liable to pay treble the value of fuch goods, to be recovered by fuch owner in an adtion, at law to be brought for the fame.

. V. And it is hereby moreover enaefted, That if any person or persons shall make, or be affifting in the making any hole in the bottom, fide, or any other part 'of any (hip or veflel fo m diftrefs, as aforefaid, or shall deal any pump belonging to any (hip or veflel fo in diftrefs, as aforefaid, or shall be aiding or abetting in the dealing fuch pump, as aforefaid, or shall wilfully do any thing tending to the immediate lofs or deftru&ion ©f fuch (hip or veflel, fuch person or persons shall be and are hereby made guilty of felony, without any benefit of his* her, or their clergy.

VL And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid* That if any action, fuit,' or information, shall be commenced or profecuted againft any person or persons, for any thing that he or they shall do, or caufe to be done, jn purfuance of this adf, and executing any of the powers and authorities, or any of the orders or diredtion therein mentioned, all and every person and persons fo fued in any court whatfoever, shall and may plead the general iflue, and give this adt and the fpecial matter in evidence; and if in any fuch fuit the plaintiff or profecutor shall become nonfuit, or forbear profecution, or difeontinue tbe fuit, or if a verdidt shall pafs againft him, or judgment be given againft him upon a demurrer, then in any ot the said cafes, the defendant or defendants shall recover full cods, for which he and they shall have the like remedy as where coft$ by law are a-

warded i

I7*3«J Anno duodecimo Ann^, Scat. 2. C. 18. \	i2$

warded; and this aft shall be taken and allowed in all courtsPublickaft. within this kingdom as a publick aft, and all judges and juftices arc hereby required to take notice thereof as fuch without fpecial pleading of the fame.

VII.	Provided neverthelefs, if any officer of the cuftoms, or Cuftom haute his deputy fo impowered, as above, fhall, by fraud or wilful negleft, abufe the truft fo hereby repofed in him, as aforefaid, forf^ttrt\At and shall be convifted thereof in due form of law, fuch officer, damages, and or his deputy, shall refpeftively forfeit treble damages to the party difabled. grieved, to be recovered in any aftion or fuit to be brought in

any court of record, and shall from thenceforth be fully difabled and rendred incapable of the fame, or any other imployment relating to the said cuftoms.

VIII.	And it is hereby further enafted, That this aft, and Aft to com-the several claufes herein contained, shall take effeft from mence 1 Aug, and after the first day of Auguji in the year of our Lord

thou fa nd seven hundred and fourteen; and that for the better m obferving of the fame, this aft shall be read four times in the year on Sun. year in all the pari(h churches and chapels of every fea-port days in fea-town, and upon the fea-coaft in this kingdom, upon the Sun- P0** t0*®* days next before Muhaelmas-day^ Chrtftmas-day, Lady-day, and Aiidfummer-day in the morning, immediately after the prayers, and before the fermon.

IX.	Provided always, and it is hereby enafted. That neither Claims to this aft, nor any thing herein contained, shall any ways extend wreck teved* to deprive, or any ways prejudice her royal Majesty, her heirs

or fucceflors, or any claiming under them, or any of them, or any patentee or grantee of the crown, or any lord or lords of any manor or manors, or other person whatfoever, of or in relation to any right which they, or any of them refpeftively have, or shall have, or lawfully may claim to any wreck or wrecks, or any goods that are or (nail be flotfam, jetfam or lagan, but that fuch refpeftive rights shall be enjoyed in as full, ample, and beneficial a manner, in every refpeft, as if this aft had never been made.

X.	Provided, That this aft shall continue in force for the fpace Continuation# of three years, and from thence to the end of the next feffion

qf parliament, and no longer. Made perpetual by 4 Geo. x. c. 12.

CAP*



126

loAnn. t.

Annb diKJckdmo ANN^. Stat.2: c. 19.'	[1713*

CAP. XIX.

^ /e explain a clause in an a8 of parliament of the " tenth year of her Majeftfs reign, for laying several duties upon all fope and paper made in Great Britain, or imports ed into the fame •, and upon chequered and Jlriped linens imported ; and upon certain filks, caUicoes, linens and fiujfs0 printed^ painted or ftained; and upon several kinds of ftampt vellum, parchment and papers and upon certain printed pamphlets and advertifements ; for raifing the sum of eighteen hundred thousand pounds by way of a lot-tery \ and for other purposes in the said aS mentioned, fa far as the feud a£t relates to lawns, canvas, buckrams, barns, W Silefia neckcloths.

WHERE A S /»	^	pejfed in the tenth year of her

prefent Majefiy's reign, intituled, An a6t for laying several duties upon all fope and paper made in Great Britain, or imported into the fame; and upon chequered and ftriped linens imported; and upon certain filks, callicoes, linens and fluffs, printed, painted or ftained; and upon several kinds of ftampt vellum, parchment and paper; and upon certain printed papers, pamphlets and advertifements; for raifing the sum of eighteen hundred thousand pounds by way of a lottery, towards her Ma-jefty’s fupply; ana for licenfing an additional number of hack* ney chairs; and for charging certain flocks of cards and dice;' and for better fecuring her Majefly’s duties to arife in the office for the ftaalp-duties oy licences for marriages and otherwife; and for relief of perforrs who have not claimed their lottery tic* kets in due time, or have loft Exchequer bills, or lottery tickets; and for borrowing money upon flock (part of the capital of the South Sea company) for the ufe of the publick : it was enaftei, That there Jbould he raifed, levied, colie Sled and paid, to and for the ufe of her Majesty, her heirs and fucceffors, for and uton all chequer*' ed and Jlriped linens, and upon all linens, and upon all linens printed, f meted, plained or dyed, after the manufafture, or in the thread and yam hefire the manufacture, in any foreign parts, which at any time* or times, within or during the term of thirty-two years, to be reckoned from the twentieth day of July one thousand /even hundred and twelve, Jbould be imported or brought into the kingdom of Great Britain, and might lawfully be ufed or worn there {over and above all other cujloms, fubfidies and duties impofed upon, or payable for the fame) a duty of fifteen pounds for every one hundred pounds of the true and real value thereof, to be paid by the importers refpeflively; and alfo, that all and every printers, painters, Jlainers, dyers, drapers, mercers, tip-holders, traders and dealers respectively, having on the said twentieth dot of July, one thousand seven hundred and twelve, in his, her, or their euftody or pojfejfion, or in the cuftody or pojfeffion of any other person or persons, for his, her or their ufe, benefit or account, any flock or quantity of fuch chequered orJlriped linens, or of flub printed, painted, Jlaincd

or



a 713.] Anno duodecimo Ahum. Stat. 2, c. 20,	ix?

dyedfiHs, calHcoes, linens, *r ArA /A/fj, aforefaid, being fit* fab* either wholefale or retail, fbould yield and pay to her Majejly far the fame, yi much money as one half-part of the rates and duties by the Jaid aft impofed on the like refpeftive commodities, tf/fcr the commencement of the said aft, should amount unto; the said half part for the said flocks to be paid within three months after the said twentieth day of July aforefa%d\ and whereas fome doubts nave (irifets Whether lawns, linens ftriped or chequered, being dll white, and neck-cloths having flripes at the end only $ as alfo barras ftriped or chequered, and buckrams are liable by the said aft to the above mentioned duties •, be it enafted and declared by the Queen’s mod excellent Lawns, SHefia raajefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual neckcloth*, and temporal and commons, in this present parliament aflem- barraf’j<?nIu Med, and by the authority of the fame. That all lawns, and Qt ftriped or chequered linens, being all white, and neckcloths chargeable by ftriped at the end only; and aHo barras, or packing canvas and 10 Ann. c. 19* buckrams, were not charged, or intended to be charged by the 66# said recited aft, upon the importation thereof, with any of the duties by the fame aft granted; any thing in the said recited aft contained to the contrary thereof iiotwithftanding.

CAP. XX.

An act to explain and make more effeftual an aft paffed in tht * tenth year of her present Majeftfs reign, for preventing abujes in making linen cloth, and regulating the lengths and breadths, and equal for ting of yam, in each piece made . in Scotland, and for whitening the fame.

WHEREAS by an aft made in the tenth year of her Majejlf s so Ann. c. s u reign, intituled. An act to prevent abufes in making linea cloth, and regulating the lengths, breadths, and equal forting of yam for each piece made in Scotland, and for whitening the fame; and forafmuch as there was no provision made in the said aft for regulating the lengths, breadths, and equal forting of yam for domick or towelling or for quarter-pieces of white linen cloth; for Aftcr , ^u_ remedy whereof, be it enafted by the Queen’s mod excellent raa- ,7,4 all dor-jefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual,nick,towelling ana temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflem- and plain hnen Med, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the	£

firft day of Auguft, which shall be in the year of our Lord one made of well thousand (even hundred and fourteen, all (orts ofdornick, towel- forted yarn, Kng, or plain linen cloth made in Scotland, shall be made of well Carted yam for each piece, and equally wrought, and equally ftbe, from the one end of the piece to the other, and shall be , by the ftandard yard-wand, of the lengths and breadths following That each piece of broad, double, or (ingle domick table- The length cloths, shall be in length twelve yards and a quarter, the half and breadths, piece fix yards and one eighth, and shall be full two yards in breadth; and that each piece of double or (ingle domick for naprie or towelling, shall be full twenty-four yards, and tha half piece twelve yards in length, and Hull be lull three quar-,

ters



Anno duodecimo Annm. Stat. 2. c. 21#	[T7*3^

ters of a yard, or full half yard in breadth.; and that each qtuur^ tcr-pieceof plain white linen cloth shall be full tea yards in length, and shall bcful1 yard, or full three quarters of ayard, or Full half an yard in breadth.

Penalty 5s.for II. And be it further ena<5te4, That every person offending in every yard; any of the matters aforefaid, contrary to the directions of this acd, do and shall for every fuch offence forfeit and pay ttye fum of to be recover- five shillings for every yard of cloth ; and that the offences a-ed as by 10 foresaid shall be examinable and determinable in fuch maimer, Ann' c‘ and the said forfeitures and penalties shall be fued for, levied and -recovered, as the penalty of five shillings sterling mentioned in. the said former ad is directed to be examined and determined, fued for, levied and recovered.

CAP. XXI.

An ait to explain part of an ait made in the feventb year of her Majeftfs reign, (for enlarging the capital flock of the bank of England, and for raijing a further fupply to her Majesty, for the service of the year one tboufand seven hundred and nine) fo far as t be fame relates to unwrought 1 inch imported into this kingdom.

7	Ann. c. 7. WZ ^	® ^ ® by an ail made in the seventh year of the reign.

*V V of her prefetit Majejly, inituled, An act for enlarging the capital itock of the bank of England, and for raifing a further fupply to her Majesty, for the service of the year one ^houfand seven hundred and nine, it is exprefly enabled and provided, That all European lineris, fifters thread and tapes, or ineles (among other '	things) shall be exempted from the payment of the duties called the two

third fubjidies, for all times to come during the continuance of the fame: and whereas fom* doubts and difputes have arijen between the commif~> /toners of her Majejly s customs and the merchants and other importers of the said tapes and ineles, by means of the uncertainty whether the exception of the tape or incle y mentioned in the said ail, be only of tapes that are wrought incle y fo that dll wrought incle is thereby ex-empted from the payment of the aforesaid duties, though manufactured abroad in parts beyond the feasy and unwrought ineles, which impley great numbers of poor in manufa during the fame% is conjlrued to be liable toy and is charged with the said duties, contrary to the true intent arid meaning of the said law, as appears evidently, in that the bringing in and importing wrought incle, is prejudicial to Great Bri-European un- tain, and the poor fubjefts and manufacturers thereof; be it there-wrought incle fore enaded and declared by the Queen’s mod excellent majefty, from thedu ^Y and with the advice ana confent of the lords fpiritual and ties of the two temporali and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, third fubfidies. and by the authority of the fame. That the said provrfion and exception in the said ad above mentioned, in relation to tapes or ineles, shall extend and be conftroed to exempt European un- < wrought incle, commonly caHed or known by the name of (hart I fpinnal, as well as wrought incle, from the payment of the said duties tf the two third fubfidies, which shall be entred at any of bet

Majesty’s





1713 ] Anna duodecimo Anna. Stst.2. c. 22,23.	I2^

Mxjefty’s cuftom-houfes within the kingdom of Gnat Britain, after the twentieth day of July one thtfuiand seven hundred and fourteen; any law, cuftom or ufage to the contrary hereof in any wife notwithftanding.

CAP. XXII.

An a& to continue an aft of the sixth year of her Majesty’s reign, intituled, Am a& to tnablt her Majtftj to make leafes and copies of offices, lands and hereditaments, parcel of her dnkby of Cornwall, or oomesced to the fame*

EXP*-

cap. xxm.

As a6k for reducing the laws relating to rogues, vagabonds, fturdy beg- Repealed gara and vagrants, into one a€t of parliament ; ana for the more effec- , -Geo. s.c.14. teal punishing fuch rogues, vagabonds, fturdy .beggars and vagrants, 17 Geo. a. c. 5. and lending them whether they ought to be lent.	'	3

Who shall be deemed rogues and vagabonds. Conftables, Sec. may apprehend a* vagabond, and carry him before a juftice. Conftable, See. negleCt-ing» to forfeit 10 s. to the poor. Juftice may'order a reward of « s. for apprehending a vagabond, to be paid by the constable where he palled unapprehended, on penalty of 10 a Juftices to order a general privy torch in the night. Perions apprehended to be examined and fent by the juftioes to their legal fettleinent. Examination to be tranfmitted to the feflions.

If no legal fettlement can be found, he shall be fent to the place of his birth. It under the age of 14, to the abode of lather or mother, or where laft found begging. See. Perions having a legal fettlement, found wandering, &c. maybe whipped or fent to the houfe of correction. How the charges of conveying shall be bom. Dangerous rogues to be fent to the howieof correction or gaol, till next quarter- feflions, who may order them to be whip! and kept to hard labour. And any fuch rogue efcaping from prifon IhaU be guilty of felony. Juftice shall not make a pafs for conveying a vagrant to the place of his birth, if he has any legal fettlement, on forfeiture of 51,. Perions apprehended'refufing to be examined. Sec. may be punilhed as incorrigible rogues. Juftices to certify the manner, time, and allowance for conveying, &c. Conftable, Sec. to convey tbe person as directed by the pafs, and deliver him to the conftable, Sec. of the place whither lent, taking a note of foch delivery; which the said conftable.

Sec, is required to give, and to apply to fome juftice, who shall caufe fuch vagabond to be whipt, See. and conveyed forward, See. No constable oobged to receive any perfon, unlefs it appear he has been whipt. (except women with child, soldiers, Sic.) Juftices in quarter-feffions to appoint rates for conveying of vagrants. Quarter-feffions to caufe fuch fums to be railed as monies for county gaols orbridges; to be paid to the chief conftables, who shall account for the fame twice a year. Chief constable to pay petty constable the rates afeertained in the certificate, and be allowed' it on bis account. Counterfeiting, Sec. any certificate, forfeits sol. above the Turn taken. One half to the poor, tbe other to informer, to be levied by diftrefs.' Juftices may examine conftable. See. on oath, concerning the conveying, foe. Parifhto which conveyed, shall employ fuch person in worlc.

Rdunqg to work, he shall be fent to the houfe of correction. Penalty on aparilh for fuffering fuch person to wander agaiq. Perfon wandering a-gun, to be fent to tne houfe of correction tiH next feflions, and then to give fecurity for good behaviour for one year, or be deemed an incorri-gibte rogue. Peribn found to have no fettlement, foe. shall be an apprentice for fevsn years, either here or in the plantations. Matter, foe. of fuch peribn fo bound and tranfported, to enter into a recognizance, that be shall be imployed in the Queen's plantations, foe. Perions aggrieved by orders of juftices may appeal to quarter-feffions, wbofe determination shall be final. Conftables, foe. to remove blind and lame beggars, foe. and whip them if they refufe, or offend a second time, on penalty of 10 s.

Doty of juftices in regard tolunaticks. Not to extend to abridge thq Queen'* f VyLi	.JK*	prero-



v^-ooQle

Anno primoGeorGIi I. Stat.il c.i.

prerogative,. or the power of the lord chancel lor. Matter of 41 fhip bring-tug any rogue, See. into this realm, from Ireland, the plantations, See. shall forfeit cl. &c. And the person fo brought over shall be lent back, ^naltv on the matter of the (hip how to be recovered. Matter may tra-verfe tne order of the juftice*, giving 501. fecurity to anfwerthe cofts,&c. Matters of (hips, Sec. bound for Ireland, See. to take vagrants on board, and convey them to Ireland, See. on forfeiture of 51. Conttable remifs in his duty, and persons difturbing, See. the execution of this aft, and refeumg. See. any person apprehended, shall for every offence forfeit so s. to the poor. The acts 59 Eli*, c. 4. 1 Jac. 1. c. 7. andfo much of 7 Jstc. x. c. 4. as relates to the privy fearch, repealed. Not to extend to prejudice the heirs or attigns of John Dutton, &c« REF.

Anno Regni G E O R G11 I.	Magnet

Britannia, Franciee &P Hibernia, primo.

AT the parliament met at Weftminfter the first cf Auguft, Anno Domini one	/even	hundred

and fourteen, in the first year of the reign of oar fovereign Lord George by the grace of , of Great Britain, France and Ireland, King, defender of the faith, &c. on occafin of the demife of her late majefiy Queen Anne (of bleffed memory) in purfuance if the of the	of	her	fmi

late Majefiy'sreign, intitu, An a£t for the further fecurity of her Majesty’s person and government, and of the fucceflion to the crown of Great Britain in the proteftam I* wi!n' ^‘ne’ (a) an^ tyadjournments continued until the twenty-aJJedfrom the fifth day of the fame month.

inrollmcnt.

CAP. I.

An act for the better fupport of bis Majefiy*s houjhold, and of the honour and dignity of the crown of Great Britain,

1 Ann. ftat. 1. TV/T AY it pleafe your moji excellent Majefiy, Whereas by an aft c* 7*	-IVA of parliament made in the first year of the reign of our htt

fovereign lady Sjueen Anne (of bleffed memory,) intituled, An act for the better fupport of her Majesty’s houftiold, and of the ho-. nour and dignity of the crown, it was (amongfi other things) en-afiedy That the rates and duties of exeife, upon beer, aley and other stCar.i.c.z3. liquors, which had been granted to his late majefiy King Charles the Second, (of bleffed memory) by an aft made in the twelfth year of hit reign, intituled, A grant of certain impofifions upon beer, ale, and other liquors, for the increafe of his Majesty’s revenue during his life, and which were granted to their late majefiies JEaj ,w.i{M,	William and Sgueen Mary (of bleffed memory) by an alt modi w

feff. 1. c. 3.	the second year of their reign, for their lives, and the life of the fur-

vivor of them (a certain duty.of fix pence for every barrel of vinegar-.beer, granted by the fame aits, excepted) and alfo a duty offix (mt,

6	part



A^no primoGborgiiX Seat. i.c. i.	431

part of a duty of fight /billings, which was grantid to bis said lot* majesty King William, for and upon every barrel of vinegar, vine-gar-beer, or liquor pretaring for vinegar, which should be brewed or made of any Englilh materials, by (my person or perfins whatfo-mr for file, and fo in proportion for a greater or lejfer quantity, by on oft made in the tenth year of ms reign: and likewife the further io kit W. 3. fubfidy of tonnage and poundage, and other duties upon urines, goods c. n. atii merchandizes, which had been granted to his said late majejly King William for his life, by an afl made in the ninth year of his reign, 9 8c to W 3, intituled. An a# for granting to his Majesty a further fubfidy of c* *3* tonnage and poundage, towards railing the yearly fum of seven hundred thousand pounds, for the service of his Maiefty’s houlhold, and other ufes therein mentioned, during his Majesty s life, should be levied, collefied, and paid to her said late majesty , Ann. flat. i# fueen Anne, for and during the term of her natural life: and in c. 7. cod by the said aft of the firfiyear of the reign of her said late ma-jtfty Sftuen Anne, it was enabled and dechred, That the hereditary rates and duties of excife upon beer, ale, and other liquors, which were granted to the crown in the twelfth year of the reign of the said late ^

King Charles the Second, and the said duties of excife upon beer, ale, and other liquors, granted to her Majesty by the said aft of the first year of her reign, for her life (fubjeft neverihelcfs to the incumbrances in that aft mentioned) and the monies ariftng by the said further fubfidy of tonnage and poundage, and other duties thereby granted, and tlx revenue ariftng in the general letter-office or poft-office, or office Tor the appTs-rfpoft-majler general, and the fmall branches of her Majesty's revenues, c?*ion °fth* therein particularly deferibed or mentioned, should be for the fupport of her Majesty9s houfhold, and of the honour and dignity of the crown, os by the said aft of the first year of her said late Majesty's, reign itat.a. c. i».

(relation being thereunto had) may more fully appear: now we your f* *5* and Majesty's moft dutiful and loyal fubjefts, the commons of Great Bri- 7 x*ftat# tain in parliament ajfembled, being defirous to fettle on your Majesty I# c' *7-0 competent revenue, for defraying the expences of your Majesty's civil

{ovemment, and better fupporting the dignity of the crown of Great Iritain, during your life (which God long preferve) and as a tefti-vtstty of our unfeigned affeftion to your facred perfon, by whose peaceable and happy aueffion to the throne (after the lofs of our late moft gracious fovereign Lady) your Majesty's fubjefts are not only delivered from the fear of their enemies, but have a profpeft (which they art brand to own with thankfulnefs to Almighty God) that the religion, lews ond liberties of this realm will be continued, and that they your friijubjefts, and their pofterity may, through his divine goodnefs, en-jfje Lng tranquillity under your Majesty s aufpicious reign, have then fore freely and unanimoufty refolved to give and grant, and da by this aft give and grant to you our moft gracious fovereign lord King George, thefeveral rates, duties, impofetions and charges herein after WWonei, Siring your Majesty's life; and do moft humbly befeech your utajtfty, that it may be enafted: and be it ena&ed, &c.

Daring the life of his Majesty, the excife granted to KingCharles the Se- i» Car.a.c.ij; court fhifl be paid to King George. The further fubfidy of tonnage and * W. & M. granted by the aft or the ninth of King William, thaU during fejT. i.c. 3,

K a	the



13*

io Sc xi W. 3.

c. XI.

9 8c 10 W. 3. c. 13.

x Ann. (tat. 1. c. 7.

% Sc 3 Ann.

IX&13W.3. C. IX.

% Sc 3A1U1.C.3. 3 Ann. c. x.

9 Ann. c. 10. 9 Ann. c. X3.

6501x1. Ss.8d.

for the Hano-over troops, izAnn.ftat. 1. c. 9.

Reward for taking the pretender.

Anno pritno Georgii L Stat.i. c. k t?7X4<

the life of King George, be paid to his Majesty, Thefe (aid duties, and the revenue of the port office, and the (mall branches of his Majesty's revenues, viz. Fines for writs of covenant, and writs of entry, payable in the alienation-office, the port-fines, the revenue of the wine-licences, thelitis profers and competitions in the Exchequer, feizures of uacultomed and prohibited goods, his Majesty’s rents of lands, or for fines of leaties, and all other revenues fettled for thefupport of her late Majesty's hou(bold. See. (except the duty of four and an half per cent, in Barbara* and the Leeward Iflands, and except the revenue of the dutchy of Cornwall, and except the firft-fruits and tenths of the cleigy,) shall be for the fuppart of his Majesty's houfhold, and of the honour and dignity of bis crown. The weekly fum of three thousand (even hundred pounds charged upon the ex-rife, shall be taken out of the said duties of excife granted to King George. Nothing in this aft shall hinder' the payment of the weekly Aim of (even hundred pounds out of the poft-office. The fum of thirty-five thousand pounds, payable out of the excife, granted during the term of thirty two years, shall be charged upon the laid duties of excife granted to Kiug George. EXP.

VIII. And whereas by an ail made in the laft fejfion of this present parliament, intituled, An a& /or laying additional duties on fope and paper, and upon certain linens, filks, caliicoes and (luffs, and upon (larch, and upon exported coals, and upon (lampt vellum, parchment and paper, for raifing one million four hundred thousand pounds by way of a lottery, for her Majesty’s fupply; and for allowances on exporting made wares of feather, (beep (kins and hmb (kins; and for diftribution of four thousand pounds, due to the officers and feamen for gun^nvoney; and to adjuft the property of tickets in former lotteries* and touching certain (hares of (lock in the capital of the Smith Sea company; and for appropriating the monies granted to her Ma-jefty, any fum not exceeding in the whole three hundred thousand pounds is appropriated towards fatisfying the debt due on account to the land forces, and to the out-penjioners; in which said debt due on at-count to the land forces, the sum of fixty-five thousand twenty-two pounds eight JbiUtngs and eight pence, being the arrears of pay and extraordinaries due to the troops of Hanover for their service in the Low Countries, in the year one thousand Jeven hundred and twelve, is included ; be it enatfed by the authority afotefaid. That out of the said fum of three hundred thousand pounds, there shall and may be iflued and applied the sum of fixty-ftve thousand twenty-two pounds eight shillings and eight pence, for and towards the fatisfying and difeharging the said arrears of pay and extraordinaries due to the said troops, as aforefaid.

IX; And whereas our late gracious foyereign§hf*en Anne, of blefftd memory, being fully convinced of the imminentaangers which tbrcoined her kingdoms, and the protejtant fucaffion in the houfe of Hanover, as well as from a jujl refentment of the indignities offered to her Met-jefly by the pretenda 's remaining m Lorrain, in defiance of her repeated injlanees for his removal, and of the treafonable practices committed by inlijling her Majefifs fubjefts in the service of the pretender, was pleafcd to ijjue her royal proclamation, thereby promifing a reward of five thousand pounds to fuch person who Jbould apprehend the pretender: and whereas the commons of Great Britain in parliament ajfembled, did by their humble addrefs atfure her Majejly, that they

"would



x 7*4*1	Anno primo G-Sorgii I. Seat. i. c. i.	133

mould affiftbtr by granting out of the firjf ends to given by par-t Geo. 1. Barnaul tot fum of one hundred	thoufand further ft*1- *• c- ’!•

ragnjeent and reward far apprehending the	,	whenever	he	*•	**•

Jboteld land, or attempt to land, in any of her late Majesty’s	5

now to the end that the eneouragement and reward for a service fo important may be rendred Jure mid effectual, be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That the lord high trcafurer of Great Britain, or the commrffioners of the treasury for the time being fh*U, and are hereby authorized and required, out of the monies granted, or to be granted by parliament for the ufe of the publick, forthwith to iflue and pay the sum of one hundred thousand pounds to any person or persons who shall feize and lecture the person of the pretender, whenever he shall land or attempt to land, in any or his Majesty's dominions.

CAP. II.

Axo8 for rectifying miftakes in the names of the eommif-JlimCrs for the land-tax for the year one	feven

hundred and fourteen -, and for raijin much as is wanting to make up the sum of fourteen hundred tboufana pounds, intended to beraifed by a lottery for tie publick finite in the faidyear.

IT. A ND whereas by an aft made in the faidparliament holden at It Ann s.f Xjl Weftminfter in the twelfth year of the reign of our said *. c. 1. See late	fovereign lady	fpueen Anne, for laying additional duties 6 Geo. 1. c.4.

fop* and paper, and upon certain linens. Jilts, callicoes and Jlujfs, and upon flarcb, and exported coles, and upon Jiampt vellum, parch-ment ana paper, for ratfing one million and four hundred thousand tbt lottery pounds by way of a lottery, (amongfl other things therein contained) i7H* k tvas enabled. That yearly and every year, during the term of two and thirty years, reckoning the firji year to begin from the twenty-ninth day ^September one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, the full font of one hundred and Jive thousand pounds, by or out of the monies ti atife by the additional or new duties thereby granted, Jbould be a yearly fund for paying and anjivering certain principal fums, amounting in the whole to one million eight hundred Jeventyfix thou-Jdnd arid four hundred pounds, with interest for the fame, after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, as is therein mentioning and [in cafe of any deficiencies) that the said yearly fund Jheiddbf nude good as was thereby preferibed: and it was thereby fttrtbtrenafted, That it	Jbould and might be for any perfett

offir fits, natives or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate, to trihitefer	Or towards advancing the said fum of one million four hun-

drjlmaifand'pounds, the sum often pounds, or divers entireJums of rmpmhqt,Upon the said aft, for which he,	or they Jbould be	en-

titled To' receive by virtue of that aft, fuch principal money and the in-terejl thereof, to be paid at is therein mentioned, by and out of the said yearly fund; which fums of ^ ten pounds each were thereby point edlo be paid unto the	refpeftive receivers on or before the refpec-

thse days land times, and tn the refpeftive proportions after

K 3	tuned	i





Anno primo Geokgii I.5tat. x. C.i. [1714.*

tioned; that is to fay, one fourth part thereof on or before the tenth day of Auguft in the year of our Lord one tboufand seven hundred and fourteen, one other fourth part thereof on or before the tenth day nf September in the year of our Lori one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, one other fourth part thereof on or before the eleventh day of October one tboufand seven hundred and fourteen, and the regaining fourth part thereof ah or before the tenth day of November one tboufand seven hundred and fourteen: and that no money fbmthl be received from any contributor or adventurer, for .the firji payment towards this adventure, after the faidtenth day of Auguft one tboufand seven hundred and fourteen, as by the fame at? (relation being thereunto had) may more fully appear: and whereas ftnce the makittg the aft lajl before recited, feverol contributions have been made there-Upon, amounting in the whole to five hundred and seven tboufand four hundred and forty pounds, or thereaboutj, part whereof hath been actually paid or anfwered to the said receivers, and the refidue of the contributions fo made is to be paid or anfwered within the dayrsr times before appointed in that behalf: and whereas for raiftng fa much as is wanting to complete the full fum of one million four hundred tboufand pounds before mentioned, it is found neccjfary, that the time for receiving the contributions for that purpofe be prolonged, and that fome further encouragement and fecurity be given to the contributors thereof \ pow his Majesty’s moft dutiftil and loyal fubjfccU the commons of Great Britain in parliament affembled, do moft humbly befeech his Majesty, That it may be enacted, and it is hereby enacted by the authority aforefaid, That yearly and every year, during the said term of thirty-two years, the full $731.11*. fum of one hundred and fixteen thousand five hundred feventy-tobethe three pounds twelve shillings (jo lieu of the aforesaid yeariy ^?Geo i. fond onc hundred ar>d tive tboufand pounds) to arife by or c. 3. Made out of the monies arifing by the said additional or new duties perpetual by on fope and paper* and upon the said linens* filks, callicoes* 6Geo. i.c. 4. and fluffs, and upon ftarch* and exported coles* and upon » Geo ge% c \ ^'alrtPt vellum, parchment and paper, by the said teft recited 2	*	x‘	'	**	granted,	and	to be brought into the receipt of Exchequer,

as aforefaid, in cafe the fame shall extend thereunto, (ball be Fortunate computed and reckoned to be the yearly fund 3 and m cafe all tickets to have the monies arifing into the Exchequer for the. said rates* duties 4I. percent. arKj fums 0f money fo granted, shall not amount to the sum of <frpe^cent! #’one hundred' and fixtefcn thousand five hundred fevepty-three * p * pounds twelve shillings per annum, then the monies fo arifing, U far as the fame shall extend, shall be part of the fame yearly fund* towards the airfwering and paying off all and every said principal fums mentioned in the said a£l* amounting m the \vhole to one million eight hundred feventy-fix thousand four hundred pounds* together with interest for the fame, after the refpe&ive rates herein after mentioned; that is to fay, after the fate of four pounds per centum per annum for fo much thereof as shall be contained in the fortunate tickets, to be drawn pursuant to that and this present ad, or cither of them, and after the fat? pf §ve pounds fer centum per annum for fo much of the





1714*1 Anno prime Gsorgii I. Scat. 1, e.a* '

ftid principal fums as shall be contained in the other tickets,

(commonly called blank tickets) to be drawn purfuant to the fame a&$, or either of them, until the fatisfadion thereof re* fpe&ively vet fo as that the ioteitft of fuch principal Aims, as shall be paid off, (ball ceafe from the refpc&ive times of paying off the feme: and m cafe the said duties, rates, and fums of money by the (aid laft recited ad granted shall at any time or times appear to be fo deficient or low in the produce of the fame* is that within any one year, to be reckoned, as aforefiiid, the hid monies arifinz into the Exchequer, for or upon account of the fame duties, mall not amount to fo much as one hundred and fixteen thousand five hundred feventy-tbree pounds twelve (hidings* That then and fo often, and in every fuch cafe, fo Deficiency to much as shall be wanting to make up the (aid fund or fum of ^of unf°^ ooe hundred and fixteen thousand five hundred feventv-three propriatedP* pounds twelve shillings, for every or any fuch year, (nail be monies, (applied and made good, from time to time, out of any the publick monies which shall come or be brought into the receipt of Exchequer (not having been appropriated tp any particular ufe or idea by any aA or aAs of parliament made before the said laft recited aA and all the publick unappropriated monies to coming into the said receipt next after the time that any fuch deficiency (ball appear, are hereby appropriated to and tor the making good of every fuch deficiency refpeAively, until the fame shall be fully made good and fatisfied; ahd the lord high treasurer, or commiffioncrs of the treasury for the time being, are hereby ftriAly enjoined and required, from time to time, to make up fuch deficiency accordingly out of fuch publick mo~ ney, without any further or other warrant or authority for the fame; and that luch publick money shall not be diverted, misapplied, or ifliied to any other ufe, intent or purpofe whatfo-ever, unt’d the said deficiency for every fuch year refpeAively,

(hall be fo fatisfied, under the like penalties as are prefcribed by the said laft recited aA for diverting or mifapplying any other monies thereby appropriated ; any thing in the (aid recited aA, or any other a& of parliament whatfoever contained to the contrary notwithftanding; and in default of fuch publick monies or out of the for making good dny fuch deficiency or deficiencies, as afore- first faid, within fix months after the fame shall happen, then and SSLneS. fo often, and in every fuch cafe, it is hereby declared, that fo F much as shall (till be wanting to make up the said fund of one hundred and fixteen thousand five hundred feventy-three pounds twelve shillings for every or any fuch year, shall be fupplied and made good, from time to time, out of the first aid or fup-piy which shall afterwards be granted in parliament, and (hall, from time to time be transferred.thereunto, when the fame shall be granted, without further delay.

It shall be lawful for any persons to contribute fo much as (together with the contributions already made) will complete the said fum of one million four hundred thousand pounds, by paying fums of ten pounds before tbe tenth of November one thousand seven hundred and fourteen. Tickets

K+	(hall



43 6	Anno	pricno	GeorgiiI. Sttt. i. c- 2.	[1714.

(hall be made forth and drawn, for the monies contributed on this aft» and the said recited a£t, and all things shall be done as prefcribed by the laid recited ad. Tickets to be paid in covrfe, and half-yearly. E X P.

Every box of VI* dvd whereas inthe said laft recited ail it was mated and de-green (larch, cleared, That if the charge on ftarch be made by gaging the said ft arch 57 inches in before it be dried in the ftove, then and in every Juch cafe, every hex •Th,dhd 10 ifiremftarch, orftarth before it be fo dried, containing fifty-feven and?in* * inches in lengthy and ten inches in breadth, Jbould, from the Jecond depth, or 4.560 day of Auguft one thoafand seven hundred and fourteen, be tfteemed lbhd inches, to one hundred thirty-one Averdupois pounds weight of ftarch dried bechargedat anj pgrfeCtiy made, and should be charged accordingly, and proper-xx Aim.ftati! tionably for greater or lejfer quantities: and whereas the depth of k j. * futb box of green ftarch, or ftarch before it be dried, which should have been eight inches, was, by miftaie, omitted to be injerted in the said aft, it is hereby declared and ena&ed, That it the charge on ftarch be made by gaging the said ftarch before it be dried in the. ftove, then and in every fuch cafe, every box ,of gre^n ftarch, or ftarch before it be fo dried, containing flfty-Teven inches in length, and ten inches in breadth, and eight inches in depth, or in the whole four thousand fife hundred and fixry folid inches, shall be efteemed one hundred thirty-one Averski-pois pounds weight of ftarch dried and perfe<5lly made, and shall be charged accordingly, and proportionably for greater or lefler quantities.

All duties of VII. And it is hereby declared and enafted by the authority excife and cuf- aforefaid, That for avoiding any doubt or queftion concerning tothe fate1 ** *he gran* in this feflion of parliament to his Majesty of certain Queen after duties of excife and customs for his life, for fupport of lais the union, for houfhold, and the honour and dignity of the crown, the fame to^he°K?nUC^ an<* exten<*t0 ^ch duties of excife, and fuch customs during life? an<* duties on import and export, as were payable to her said late Majesty after the union of the two kingdoms, for and during her life, and had continuance till the time of* her de-ceafe; and that the fame shall be continued, raifed, levied, and paid in the several parts of the united kingdom, during his Ma-jefty’s life, in the fame manner only as they were payable to her Majesty during her life.

Omtinuation VIII. And whereas there are divers laws now in force which will cverai s. expmtre at tfce enj 0f tfcs feffton of parliament, and probably theft may not be fufficient time for a particular 'examination and due Confederation how far any of them may be fit to be further continued; be it therefore enatfted by the authority aforefaid, That all laws now in force, and which would expire at the end of this feflion*of parliament, shall be and continue in full force, to all intents and purpofes, unto the end of the next feflion of partiaihent; anything contained in any of the said laws to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

C A P,



137

17*4-1 Anno primo GeoRoii I. Sfftt i. c. i, a.

CAP. m.

An act to enable perfbns now refiding in Great Britain, to take the oaths, and do all other afts in Great Britain, requifite to qualify therafelves to - continue their refpeftive places, offices and employment* in Inland* EXP*	i

Anno Regni GEORGII Regis Magna Britannia, Francia, & Hibernia, .

AT the parliament begun and holden at Wcftxninfter, the	feventeentbday of March,	Anno Domini one

tboufand /even hundred and fourteen, in the firfi year ef the reign of bur Sovereign Lord GEORGE, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France and Ireland, King, defender of thefaitb, &c. (a) And by several adjournments continued ,my ^yy&w-till the twenty-fixth	day of June in the second year of bis Ma-	vmds are

jefiy'srdgn, being	the firfi session of this prefent	,	**

CAP. I.

An act for granting an aid to his Majesty, to be railed by a land-tax in Great-Britain, for the service of the year one thou&na seven hundred and fifteen, as* m the pound, EXP*

CAP. II.

An act for charging and continuing the duties an malt, mum, cyder and perry, for the service of the year one tboufand seven hundred and fifteen; and for making forth -	*

^ cates of Exchequer-bills, and lottery-tickets, loft, burnt, or .	defrayed	•,and for enlarging the time for	,

- in fevered lotteries', and for making forth new orders in • lieu of certain lottery-orders obliterated or defeftive and fer continuing certain duties on bops, until the firfi day of Auguft one tboufand seven hundred and fifteen.

EltyrOST gracious Sovereign, we your Majesty’s moll dutiful J.VA and loyal fubje&s, the commons of Great Britain in parliament aDembled, towards raifing the neceflary fupplies to defray jour Majesty’* publick expences, have freely and unanimously refolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the rates, dudes, and impofitions herein after mentioned; and do molt humbly be leech your Majesty, that it may be enabled: and be it qnafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and cgnfent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons, in this present parliament allembled, and by the authority of the fame, That within and throughout toe whole Malt aft kingdom of Great Britain, the several and refpeftive rates, du-** Ann. flat*, tics, and impofitions, for and upon all malt, mum, cyder and ^J^ued'o

perry, June 1716.

‘(^.ooQie

Anno prime Georgr L Sol 2. c.2.	[171-4*-

perry, which in and by one aft of parliament made and pried in the twelfth year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anna* of blefled memory, intituled* An act for granting toner Majesty duties upon malty mum* cyder and p$rryy for the ftrvice of the year one thousand seven hundred and thirteen \ and for making forth duplicates of lottery tickets, lofty burnt, or deftroyed; and for enlarging the time for adjusting claims in several lottery afts; and to punijb the * counterfeiting or forging of lottery orders; and for explaining a late atf in relation to Jhmp-dutie* on enftomary estates which pafs by deed-and copyy were granted to her Majesty, or chargeable in manner therein mentioned, until the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, and which by another aft of paFfiatnerk made and paflbd in the twelfth year of the %% Ann.ftat. *. reign of her fiid late Majesty, intituled. An act for charging and c* 3‘	continuing	tie duties upon mcdty mumr cyder and perry f for the fer~

once of the year one thousand Yeven hundred and fourteen \ and for the encouragement of the di/lmng brandy from malted corn and cyder > and for making forth duplicates of Excbcqu& bills, and lottery tickets, lofty burnt, or deftroyed $ and to enable the governor and company of the hank ^England, and others, to lend money upon South-Sea ftocky were continued until the twenty-fourth day of June in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifteen* shall be further continued ill like manner, and shall be, and are by this aft charged, for and upon all malt which shall be made*' and all mum which shall be npade, or imported, and all cyder >	and	perry, which shall be made for fale within the kingdom of

Great Britain, from and after the three and twentieth day of June in the year of obr Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, and before the (bur and twentieth day of June which shall be in the year of our Lord one thousand seven nundned and fixteen; and (frail be raifed, levied, collefted and paid unto his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, during the term aforefaid* by the fame ways/means and methods, and by fuch rules and di-reftions, and with fuch allowances and repayments, and under fuch penalties and forfeitures, and with fuch power of mitigation, and other powers, and ip fuch manner and form, in all refpefts, as are pTefcribed, mentioned and exprefled in the said former afts, or in any other aft or afts of parliament thereby referred unto, or any of them, for or concerning the said du~ ties, or any of them; and that the fame afts formerly made and pafled, and the said other afts thereby referred unto, as to* for and concerning the said duties upon malt, mum, cyder and7 perry, and every article, rule* claufe, matter and thing, ill* them, and every or any of them contained, or thereby referred to, and now being in force, shall be of full force and effeft, tty to all intents and purpofes, for raHing, levying, collefting, fe-curing and accounting for the fame rates, duties and impofitions* hereby granted or continued, and for levying and recovering tho> penalties and forfeitures, and making any mitigations or allowances, and all other matters and things, during the continuance

vt

Duties to be

raifed as by ti>o former afts.



17x4.] AnnoprimoGEonon I. Stat. 2. C.2.	159

of this a&, as fully, ai if the fame wcre particularly and at large repeated in the body of this present aft.

This all to relate to tbe fame day and time as the former all. A regifter to be kept, for transferring the principal fums, Ac. due on the malt all 1713, to the regifter of this all. Claufc of loan at 4I. per cent. Money lent not to be taxed. Orders for payment aftignable.

. VIII. And whereat by the aforesaid afts it is enabled. That every Duty t0 ^ or ether maker of male, fall, within three months after he paid within fall make er ought to have made fuch entry of the said malt, as therein four months is dire&ed, pay and clear off all the duties which Jball be due from him aftcr cntfy« or them refpettively; it is hereby further enabled. That the time limited by the aforesaid all for t&e payment of the said duty, be prolonged for one month after the said three months from the time of fuch entry.

dau(e for making forth duplicates of Exchequer bills and lottery tickets, kJft, burnt or deftroyed. Claufe for enlarging the time for adjusting claims in fereral lotteries. Clanfe for making forth new orders in lieu of obliterated or defective orders in the claflis lottery 1711.

XIII. And whereas it has lately been difeovered, that great quantities tf unmalted corn or grain have fraudulently been mixed with and aHnengft malt, which bath or ought to have been charged with the duties by several afts of parliament Jet and impofed upon all malt made in Great'Britain, and that fuch mixture bath afterwards been either fold in the kingdom of Great Britain, or bath been Jbipped off for exportation, and theperfon or persons by whom, or for or upon whole ac-count the fame bath been Jo Jbipped off, hath or have thereupon claimed and bad the drawback and bounty in proportion to tbe whole quantity of fmb mixture fo Jbipped off, as if the fame had totally and intirefy con-fifed of malt, for which the duty had been duly paid or charged, whereas in truth great part thereof hath at fuch time and times eon-fififd either of unmalted com, or grain for which tbe duty on malt had never been paid or duly charged, whereby her late majejh S^ueen Anra* 'and bis present Majejly hath been very much defrauded tn the duty granted upon malt, and the persons who have bought fuch mixture, have by the means aforefaid, been very much deceived and imposed upon ; for remedy whereof, be it enabled by the authority Unmalted aforefaid. That if any malfter or maker of malt for fale or ex- grain mixed ptrtation, or other feller of or dealer in malt for falc orexpor- with malt, t*rion, at any time after the twenty-fourth day of June one 5S< a dpmufand (even hundred and fifteen, (nail or do, with malt made of any foyt of com or grain whatsoever, fraudulently mix ot catife to be mixed any untnalted corn or grain, or shall foil, or offer to feIf, or expofe to fale any fuch mixture, or shall (hip off, or put an board, or caufo to be (hipped off, or to be put on board, or shall offer or attempt to (hip off or put on board any (hip, hoy, barge, boat, or other navigable veflel, any fuch mix* lure, in order to export fhe fame, every fuch malfter or maker of malt^ or other feller of or dealer in malt, for every bufhel of Jjich mixture lb fpld or offered to be fold, or expofea to (ale, or

fo



>40	Anno primo GeorGii I. Stat. 2. c.2.	[1714*

fo (hipped off or pat on board, or offered, or attempted to be (hipped off, or put on board any (hip, hoy, barge, boat or other navigable veffel, in order to the exportation thereof, (hail forfeit and lofe the sum of five shillings.

Malfter ob-	XIV. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid,

ficer forfeits	^ anY m2^cr or maker of malt for Wc, (hall, after the

joj. *	(aid twenty-fourth day of June one thou(and seven hundred and

fifteen, prevent, obftruft or hinder any officer or officers of cx-cife, in the due execution of any of the powers or authorities given to him or them* by this aft, or by the (kid recited aft or afts, or any or either ot them, for the afcertaining and fectning the said duties, hereby or by the said recited aft or afts, or any or either of them, granted, the person or persons offending therein (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and lofe the fum or ten pounds. C	.	^

Fines, &c. xV. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, levied?bC	That all fines, penalties and forfeitures by this aft impqfcd,

fhall be fued for, levied and recovered, or mitigated by'fuch ways, means and methods, as any fine, penalty or forfeiture, is or may be recovered or mitigated by any law or laws of ex-cife, or by aftion of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at Weflminfier, or in the court of feffioQ, court of judiciary, or court ot Exchequer in Soothnd refpeftively; and that one moiety of every fuch fine, perialty and forfeiture shall be to his Majedy, or his heirs and fuc-ceffors, and the other moiety to him that shall difeover, inform or fue for the fame.

General iflue. XVI. Provided also, and it is hereby further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That if any person or persons shall at any time or times be fued or profecuted for any thing by him or them done or executed in purfu&nce of this aft, or of any matter or thing in this aft contained; or if any person or persons now is, or hereafter shall be fued or profecuted for any matter or thing by him or them done in pursuance of any former aft or afts for granting duties upon malt, mum, cyaer and perry; fuch person or persons (ffall or may plead the general iflue, and give the fpecial matter in evidence for his or their defence; and if upon the trial a verdift shall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonfuited, then fuch defendant or defendants shall have full cofts to him or them awarded againft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs.

Duties ofthops XVII. And whereas by on aft of the ninth year of the reign of her c is. ^*te §&een Anne, intituled, An act for laying a duty upon continued till hops, a duty of three pence for every pound weight Averdupoie ft 1 Aug. 1715- laid upon all tops; which at any time or times within or during the Made perpetual term offour years, to be reckoned from the fir A day of June one fa fc. Vs tboufand [even hundred and eleven, /ball be imported or brought into /eft. 5.	’	the kingdom of Great Britain, (over and above all other cuftoms, fisb~

fidies, and duties impofed upon or payable for the fame) and for and upon all hops growing or to grow in Great Britain, which at any time or times within or during the said term of four years, shall be

cured



1714'] Anno primo Georoii I. Stat. 2. C. 3, 4	141

cured and Blade yfr for ufa, the sum of me penny for every pound weight Averdupoiz, and after that rate for a greater or lejjer quantity^ which aft is thought convenient to be further continued: be it therefore enafted by the authority aforefaid, That the said aft, and every claufe, article, matter, and thing therein contained,

(hall continue and be of force from the thirty-firft day of May in the year of our Lord one thouiand seven hundred and fifteen, until the first day of Augujl in the year of our Lord one thou-{and seven hundred and fifteen, as fully and effeftually, to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame were herein particularly and at large repeated and re-enafted.

CAP. III.

An act for the better regulating the forces to be continued in his M&-. jetty's service, and for the payment of the laid forces, and of their quarters. EXP.

CAP. IV.

Anaft to explain the ail made in the twelfth year of the u& i3 w. 3. reign of King William the Third, intituled, An act for c* *• thfe further limitation of the crown, and better fecuring the rights and liberties of the fubjeft.

L 117 HERE AS by an aft of parliament made in the twelfth VV year of the reign of our late fovereign lord King William the Thirds intituled, An act for the further limitation of the qiDWf^ and better fecuring the rights and liberties of the fub-jeft, it is amongft other things enafted, That from and after the time that the further limitation of the crown by that aft Jhoutd take effeft, no person born out of the kingdoms of England, Scotland, or Ireland, or the dominions thereunto belonging, although he be naturalized or made a denizen, except fuck as are born of Englilh parents, Jbould he capable to be of the privy council, or a member of cither boufe of parliament, or to enjoy any office or place of truft, either civil or mi-Btaty, or to have any grant of lands, tenements, or hereditaments frap the crown, to himfelf or to any others in truftfor him: and whereas fame doubts have arifen concerning the conjlruftion of the said lour, be it declared and enafted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice ana confent of the lords fpiri- No person mu tual and temporal and commons, in parliament aflembled, and hy the authority of the fame, (That it was not the intent and j^Vaccell" meaning of the said aft, that the said clause or any thing therein lion to the Contained, should extend, nor lhall the said clause be conftrued, crown incapa* adjudged, or taken to extend to difable or incapacitate any per- Clt?ted to be » fon, who at or before his Majesty’s acceffion to the crown was }e?lor Cor a* naturalized, to be of the privy council, or a member of either member of houfe of parliament, or to take or enjoy any office or place of parliament, 01 truft, either civil or military, or to take or have any grant of buds, tenements, or hereditaments from the crown, to himfelf, gra„ct of** or any other in truft for him.	lands, &c.

II. And for the better preferring the said recited clause in the said No person *8 of the twelfth yepr of the late King Wiliiam the Third, .entire ttiall hereafter

and he naturau



14*	Anoo	priflio (Jeoroji I. Sut. 4. g. 5* fiy»4

lized, unlefs ’and inviolable; be k further ena&ed by the authority uforefaid-’JJ the^rLh That-no person shall hereafter be naturalized, unlefs in the bill disabling a exhibited for that purpofe there be a daufe or particular words clause inserted, iftfeited to declare, that fiich person shall not thereby be enabled to be of the privy council, or a member of either houCe of parliament, or to taJkc any office or place of trull, either civil pr mi* Nor fha.ll any )itary, «r to have auy grant or lands, tenements, or heredita-bill be received masts from the crown, to himfelf, or any other person in truft of parliament6	> *nd that no bill of naturalization shall hereafter be re*

without fuch reived in either houfe of parliament, unlefs fuch clause pr words claufe. be first inferted or contained therein.

CAP. V.

Jn *8 for preventing tumults and riotous affemblies, and for the more fpeedy and effectual punifhtng the rioters.

13 H. 4.. c. 7. I. TXT’HEREAS of late many rebellious riots and tumults have * H. 5. c. 8. y V been in divers parts of this kingdom, to the dijlurbance of

8	h! 6. c	public*	pence, and the endangering of his Mqjeftfs person and go*

9	H. 7. c. 13. vernment, and the fame are yet continued and fomented by per fans dif-1 Hale'sH ift.Pl. affefted tj) his Majefiy, prefuming fo to do, for that the punifbments Cu*9?‘494* Pr°vided by the laws now in being are not adequate to fuch heinous of-PI Cr s|H,ft* fences \ and by fuch rioters his Majefiy and his adminiflration have

*l97’ been mofl malicmfly and faljly traduced, with an intent to roife divi-fions, and to alienate the affeflions of the people from his Jlfajefiy : therefore for the preventing and Juppreffing of fuch riots and tumults, and for the more fpeedy and effectual punijhmg the ojfenders therein % Twelve per- be it enabled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with uSawfuU°raf ac*v*ce anc* confent of the lords fpiritual and ‘temporal and of fern Wed, after1*16 commons, in this present parliament afTembled, and by the the laft of	authority	of the	fame,	That if any perfbns to the number of

July 1715. and	twelve or	more,	being	unlawfully, riotoufly, and tumultuoufly

after com^	a^eml)*e(*	together, to	the difturbance of the publick peace, at

manded^y	any time	a^ter	laft	day of July in the year of our Lord one

one juftice, thousand seven hundred and fifteen, and being required or com-&c. by procla- manded by any one or more justice or juflices of the peace, or mation, Jt>y the (heriff of the county, or his under-lheriff, or by the mayor, bailiff or bailiffs, or other head-officer, or justice of the peace of any city or town corporate, where fuch affembly (ball be, by proclamation to be made in the King’s name, in the form herein after directed, to difperfethemfelves, and peace* ably to depan to their habitations, or to their lawful bufinefs, lhall, to the number of twelve or more (notwithftanding fuch proclamation made) unlawfully, riotoufly, and tumtiltuouily ^main or continue together by the fpace of one hour after (uch bene-command or requeft made by proclamation, that then fuch con-fit ofcteigy. winning together to the number of twelve or more, after fiich command or requeft made by proclamation, shall be adjudged felony without benefit of clergy, and the offenders therein shall be adjudged felons, and shall fuffer death as in cafe of felony without benefit of clergy.

*	U.	And



•1714*1 Anno pnmo GeorGii I. St^e. 2.^.5.	143

II. And be It further ehafted by the authority aforefeid. How the pro-That the order and form of the proclamation that shall be made clamationfliall by the authority of this aft, shall be as hereafter followeth (that is to fay) the juftk**af*the peace, or other person authorized by this aft to make the said proclamation (hall, among the said rioters, or as near to them as he can fafely come, with a loud roice command, or caufe to be commanded filence to be, while proclamation is making, and after that, shall openly and with loud voice make or caufe to he made proclamation in thefe words, or like in effeft:

UR fivereign Lord the King chargeth and commandeth all per- The proda-v/ fonSy being qffembledy immediately to difperfe themfelves*, and nation. peaceably to depart to their habitations, or to their lawful bufmefs, upon the pains contained in the ait made in the firjt year of King George, for preventing tumults and riotous afjembhes.

God fave the King.

And every fuch justice and juftices of the peace, (heriff, under- juftices, he. (heriff, mayor, bailiff, and other head-officer aforefaid, within to refort to the limits of their refpeftive jurifdiftions, are hereby authorized, thc PIacc# impowered and required, on notice or knowledge of any fuch unlawful, riotous and tumultuous aflembly, to refort to the place where fuch unlawful, riotous, and tumultuous affemblies shall be, of persons to the number of twelve or more, and there to make or caufe to be made proclamation in manner aforefaid.

Ill,	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid,

Thatiffoch persons (6 unlawfully, riotoufly, and tumultuoufly affembled, or twelve or more of them, after proclamation made „ “difpciSng m manner aforefaid, shall continue together and not difperfe wkhin an S themfelvcs within one hour. That then it shall and may be law- hour, to be fol to and for every justice of the peace, (heriff, or under-(heriff fazed, of the county where fuch affembly shall be, and alfo to and for every high or petty conftable, and other peace-officer within fuch county, and alfo to and for every mayor, justice of the peace, (tariff, bailiff, and other head-officer, high or petty coq-ftabfe, and other peace-officer of any city or town corporate where fuch aflembly shall be, and to and for fuch other person aodperfons as shall be commanded to be aftifting unto any fuch justice of thc peace, (heriff or under-lheriff, mayor, bailiff, or other head-officer aforesaid (who are hereby authorized and im-pewtred to command all bis Majesty’s fubjefts of age and ability to be affifting to them therein) to feize and apprehend, and they are hereby required to feize and apprehend iuch persons fo uahwfoHy, riotoufly and tumultuoufly continuing together after proebmation made, as aforefaid, and forthwith to carry the pwfims fo apprehended before one or more of his Majesty’s jeffices of the peace of the county or place where fuch persons (hill be fo apprehended, in order to their being proceeded •gpnft for fuch their offences according to law $ and that if the

perfons

LaOOQle

144 >	Anno pfimo Georgii I. Stat. 2. c. 5;	[17x4^

pcrfons (b unlawfully, riotoufly and tumuftuoufly aflembled* or And if they any of them, shall happen to be killed, maimed or hurt, in tftri make refift- cfiiperfing, Teizing or apprehending, or endeavouring to difperfe, anee, the per- feize or apprehend them, by reafon of theirrefiftingthe perfects them ^&c!to	difperfing, feizing or apprehending, or endeavouring to dif-

be indemni- pcHe, feize or apprehend them, that then every fuch juftieo of fied.	the peace, (heriff, under-lheriff, mayor, bailiff, head-officer;

high or petty conftable, or other peace-officer, and alt' 4nd Angular persons, being aiding and affifting to them, or toy of them, shall be free, difeharged and indemnified, as well again# r	the King’s Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, as againft all and

every other person and persons, of, for, or concerning the killing, maiming, or liurting of any fuch person or persons fo unlawfully, riotoufly and tumultuoufly affembled, that shall hap&-pen to be fo killed, maimed or hurt, as afbrefaid.

Pulling down,	beJl	further enaited by the authority afbrefaid,

Ac. any That if any persons unlawfully, riotoufly and tumultuoufly af-church, 80s. ferabled together, to the difturbance of the publTtlrpeace, shall unlawfully, and with force demolilh or pull down, or begin to do-gy!1*™0* demolifti or PUH down any church or chapel, or any building for religious worihip certified and regiftred according to the fta-tute made in the first year of the reign of the late King Witiuun 1W. Sc M. and Queen Mary> intituled. An act for exempting their Majejlfc fc£i. c. 18. protejiant fubjefts dijfenting from the church of England from the penalties of certain laws, or any dwelling-houfe, barn, (table, or other outhoufe, that then every fuch demoIMhing, or pulling down, or beginning to demolifh, or pull down, shall be adjudg-ed felony without benefit of clergy, and the offenders therein shall be adjudged felons, and shall iuffer death as in Cafe of felony, without benefit of clergy.

Oppoiing, See. V. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority the making aforefaid, That if any person or persons do, or (Hall, with fence fuch procla- and arms, wilfully and knowingly oppofe, obftruft, or in any ^without °" nianner wilfully and knowingly lett, hinder, or hurt any person benefit of	or persons that shall begin to proclaim, or go to proclaim ac-

ckrgy.	cording to the proclamation hereby directed to be made, where-

by fuch proclamation shall not be made, that then every fuch oppofing, obftru&ing, letting, hindering or hurting fuch person or persons, fo beginning or going to make fuch proclamation; <as afbrefaid, shall be adjudged felony without benefit of dergy* and the offenders therein shall be adjudged felons, and shall (uf-fer death as in cafe of felony, without benefit of clercy * and that alfo every fuch person or persons fo being unlawfully, ri-And persons otoufly and tumultuoufly affembled, to the number of twelve, as fo affembled, aforefaid, or more, to whom proclamation (hould or ought to mationbe *" have been made if the fame had not been hindred, as aforefeid; hindred, lhall fliall likewife, in cafe they or any of them, to the number of neverthelefs twelve or more, shall continue together, and not difperfe them-(bffer as fe- fdves within one hour after fuch lett or hindrance fo made, hav-Ion,# jng knowledge of fuch lett or hindrance fo made, shall be ad-

- judged

C ^le

145

Anpo prime Georou^I. Stftt.2. c.$.

jode^.friwf* and Audi (yffw death as in cafe of felony, withr but Benefit of clergy.

VI.	Abd be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That if eftpr the said laft day of July one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, any fuch church or chape], or any fuch building for re-	v

Jigjou* worfhip, or any fuch awelling-hoqfe, barn, ftable, or 0£fier ppt-houfe, ihall be demolifhed or pulled down wholly, or in part, hy any persons fo unlawfully, riotoufly and tumultu-bufly aflembled, that then, in cafe fuch church, chapel, build- How the da-ieg/pr religious worfhip, dwelling-houfe, barn, (table or out- »*** tod] I* hpufe, shall be out qf any city or town, that is either a county	-

ofjtfelf,pr is not within any hundred, that then the inhabitant! &cy be demo-of .the hundred in which fuch damage shall be done, shall be li- lifted, Ac, able to yield damages to the person or persons injured and damnified by fuch demolilhing or pulling down wholly or in part} and fych damages (ball and may be recovered by action to be brought in any of his Majesty^s courts of record at Tfrefirmnfierf .

( wherein no effoin, protection or wager of law, or any imparlance shall be allowed) by the person or persons damnified there^ by,. againft any two or more of the inhabitants of fuch hundred, fuch action for damages to any church of chapel to be brought in the name of the redtor, vicar or curate"of fuch church or chattel that shall be fo damnified, in truft for applying the damages to be recovered in rebuilding or repairing fuch church or chapel; and that judgment being given for the plaintiff or plaintiffs ia fuch action, the damages fo to be recovered (hall, at the requeft of liich plaintiff or plaintiffs, his or their executors or administrators, be raised and levied on the inhabitants of fuch hundred, apd paid to fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs, in fuch manner and form, and by fuch ways and means, as are provided by the ftatute made in the seven and twentieth year of the reign of Queen £A- *7 Eli* * U* zebeib* for reimburfing the person or persons on whom any money recovered againft any hundred by any party robbed, shall be levied: and in cafe any fuch church, chapel, building for religious worfhip, dwelling-houfe, barn, liable or out-houfe ip damnified, (hail be in any city or town that is either a county of itfelf, or is not within any hundred, that then fuch damagef shall and may be recovered by a&ion to be brought in manner aforesaid (wherein no effoin, protection or wager of law, or any imparlance shall be allowed) againft two or more inhabitants of fuch cky or town ; and judgment being given for the plaintiff or plaintiffs in fuch adtion, the damages (o to he recovered (hall; at the requeft of fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs, his or their executors or adminiftrators, made to the juftices of the peace of fuch city or town at any quarter-feffions to be holden for the said city or town, be raised and levied on the inhabitants of fuch city or town, and paid to fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs, in fuch manner and fiyrm, and by fuch ways and means, as are provided by the feid ftatute made in the seven and twentieth year of the reign pf Queen Elizabeth, for reimburfing the person or persons on whom

VQU XUXt	L	any

izecHby



?4&	Armo	primo GeorgIi I. Stat. 2. C.5. fi 714.

any money recovered agaipil any hundred by any party robbed, (hall, be levied.

' Vil. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, mmter-fef- ^at adl shall be openly read at every quarter-feffion, and Sons, kc. " a* every ieet or law-day,

ProOcuiien VIII. Provided always. That no petfen or persons Hindi be within twelve prosecuted by virtue of this adl, for any offence or offences corn-month*. tnitted contrary, to the Same, unlefs Such profecuiion be eom-'	' menced within twelve months after the offence committed

SheriflMcc. in IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, have*he lime ^at ^er*ffs and their deputies, Rewards and their deputies, power as ju- bailies of regalities and their deputies, magiftrates of royal bo-ftic«,	Sk..Toughs, ana all other inferior judges and magiftrates,'

have in aHo all high and petty conftables, or pther peace-officers w “nd*	any county, ftewartry, city or town, within that part of Great

Britain called Scotland,Shall have the fame powers and authority for putting this present a<ft in execution within .	land,as the juftices	of the peace and other magiSbrates aforefatd,

refpedively have by virtue 6f this ad, within and for the other PunHhment of parts of this kingdom 1 and that all and every perfbh and per-perfon* of-	fons who Shall at any time be convidted of any the	offences a-

*?*■«*» forementioned, within that part of Great Britain called Scotland, Scotland. fball for every fuch offence incur and foffer the pain of death, and confifcation of moveables: and alfo that all profecutlons for Damages of repairing the damages of any church or chapel, or any building any church, for religious worship, or any dwelling-houfe, bam, liable 0 ^rn,&c! in out-houfe, which Shall be demolished or pulled down in whole Scotland, how°r in part, within Scotland, by any persons unlawfully, riotoully to be recover- or tUmultuoufly alfembled, (nail and may be recovered by fumed, and of	mar adtion,. at the inftance of the party aggrieved,	his or her

whom..	heirs or executors, againft the county, jlewartry,	city or bo-

rough refpedlively, where fuch diforders shall happen, the magiftrates being fummoned in the ordinary form, and the Several counties and ftewartries called by edidtal citation at the market-crofs of the head borough of fuch county or ftewartry refpedlively, arid that in general, without mentioning their names and . designations.	■	<

To what X. Provided, and it is hereby declared, That this adl Shall place* in Scot- extend to all places for religious worShip, in that pan ad Great f»nd tbia aft Britain called Scotland, which are tolerated by taw, and where Shall extend, his majesty King George, the prince and princefs of IValei, aod* . : v , their ifliie, are prayed for in express words.

4

CAP.



*47

17,14*1 Anncrprkno <3eorOii I. Star. 2. c.6* -

■ '	CAP.	VI.	c

An a£l for making perpetual an all of the	1	. ,	.

[jyearp of the feign of his late majesty King William the	•

Third, intituled. An acft that the iolemn affirmation and, ^declaration of the people called	(ball	be ac-

oepfeediriftead of an oath in the ufaal form} and for explaining and enforcing	the	faidalt in relation to the

mctit of’ tithes and church rates •, and for appointing the' fdrm of an affirmation to be taken by the said people called Quakers, injlead of the Oath of abjuration.

WHERE AS an all made in the seventh and eighth years of-

. hit late Majfly's reign, intituled. An ad that the folemn c. 34. ’ ** affirmation and declaration of the.people called Quakers, shall be> accepted indead of an oath in the uiual form, was made to continue for Jevep years, and from thence to the end of the	of

liament» which alt would have expired or the end of the next of. parliament after the two and twentieth day of November in year of our Lord one thousand /even hundred and two j which session began the ninth day ^November in the year of our Lord one — fond/even hundred and three, and ended the third day of April in the year of our herd one thousand seven hundred andfour; but by another ait ofparliament made in the thirteenth year of hit said late Majefy’s reign,	intituled,An act for continuing an ad, intituled. An ad 13	14.	W.«

that the folemn affirmation and declaration of the people called c. 4. Quakers,-(hall be accepted indead of an oath in the ufual form, was continued for the term of eleven years after the determination of thefaidafi, and from thence to the end of the next session of parliament : . and whereas the said several a£is will expire at the end of the nextfeffion of parliament after the third day April one thousand seven hundred, and fifteen: now for the further avoiding of the nienciesits the said fir ft recited	all mentioned, to the people called The ad 7	t

Qyafcerst and their families,be it enaded by the King’s mod ex- w- 3- «*de celkiH .majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords PerP*tual‘ fpiritual and temporal and commons, in this present parliament adembled, and by authority of the fame. That the said drft re- 8 Geo. s. c. 6. cited ad, and all the claufes and powers therein contained, shall continue and be in force for ever, as to all oaths by law required, or thereafter to be required, other than and except, as in the said jirft recited ad is excepted.

1 II. And whereas by the said all made in the seventh year of the tlaufe forth* reign of King William the Third, a remedy is provided for the	recovery of

very of tithes and church-rates, where any Quaker should refufe to pay rithwj&c. the fame: be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That fuch T&Vyp, f1* remedy shall be and is hereby extended, and the like remedy c. 34.	*	J*

(hall and may be had and ufed againft any quaker or quakers for the recovering of any tithes or rates, or any cudomary or other rights, dues or payments belonging to any .church or chapel, which of right by law and cudom ought to be paid for the dipend or maintenance of any minifter or curate officiating in any church

La	or



I4.S	Anno	prkft6 Geor6h I. Stat. 2. C. 6. f *7»4.

or chapel; and any two or more juftices of the peace of the fame county or place, other than fuch justice of the peace as is patron <jf any fuch church or chapel, or any ways interefted in the fakl tithes, upon complaint of any parfon, vicar, curate, fartntref proprietor of fuch tithes, or any church-warden otf Chapehwarden, or other peffOn who ought to have, receive or celled ttoy fuch tithes, rates, dues or payments, as aforefeid, a ft hereby authorized and required to lummon in writing* undtrtfeeir hands and feals, by reafonable warning, fuch quakerorquaktrs, again ft whom fuch complaint shall be made, and after*'ire or their appearance, or upon default of appearance, the said warti* jng or fummons being proved before them upon oath, to pftf-* ce^ to hear and determine the faM complaim, and to niike fach order therein, as in the said aft is limited or direfted v*nd affo to orefer fuch cofts and charges, as they ffifaH think reafeifcble, Hot exceeding ten shillings, as upon the merits oftheCaufefttll appear juft; which order shall and may be fo executed,, and on fuch appeal may be reverfed or affirmed by the general quaiter-fcffion* of the county or place, with fuch cofts and remedy for the fame, and shall not be removed into any other eoittt, unleft the titles of fuch tithes, dues or payments, shall be in qtieftiOii, ih like manner as in and by the fame aft is limited and provided.

•^ncen^g III. And whereas several difputes have arifen concerning^ the efed ^mation^lobe °f	abjuration to be taken by the people called Quakers, upon their

taken by qua-.r^* affirmation, as directed by. an ait of parliament made in the kers inftead o tjixtb year of her late Majefefs reign : now for preventing the Hie in-the abjuration conveniencies for the future, he it enafted by the authority aforc-faid, That m all cafes whene-ever (he effeft of the fard abjura-nna?, 0.13. flon oath may be legally tendred, Or required of the gfi^people called Quakers, or any of them, he Or they shall take thcfcftft thereof in the following words (that is to (ay,)

The affirms- T A. B. do truly and fincerely acknowledge, profefs, teffify and Ae-tiofl.	J.	dare, in the prefence of Almighty God, the witnefs of the truth sf

what I fay. That King George is lawful and rightful King of this realm, and of all other bis dominions anq countries tbertunto Mongmg. And I do Jolemnly and fincerely detlare. That I do believe tie per Jon pretended to be the prince of Wales, during the life of the late King James, andfence his deceqfe, pretending to be, and taking upon him-felf the feile and title of the King of England, by the name of James * r	the	Third,	or	^Scotland,	by	the	name	of	James	the	Eighth^	or	(he

feile and title of King of Great Britain, bath not any right or title ivhatfoever to the crown of this realm, nor any other the dominion thereunto belonging 5 and I do renounce and tefufe any allegiance or obedience to him. And I do foUmnly prormfe, That 1 wiH be true and faithful, and bear true allegiance to King George, and to him will be faithful againfe all traiterous confpiracies and attempts wbatjmter, whichfhall be made againfe his per ion, crown or dignity. And IwHf do my befe endeavour to difchfe ana make blown to King George, bis fuccejfors, all troafans-and traitorous mjfiraeits wbtcb ffewl (now

to



*49

1714.] Anno primo Georgii I. Stat. 2. C..7,

It bejaaie	againflhim, or any of them• And I will be true and faithful to	thefuccejjionof the crown	againfl him the said James, and all

other ierfcns	vfotfoever, as the fame is and	fettled by an

urimtd, An ad declaring the rights and liberties of the fubjctf, and fettling the fucceflion of the crown, to the late Queen Anne, feff- *• c- *• and the heirs of her body, being	proteflants} and as , by one

other Oft, intituled.An act for the further limitation or the crown,& 13 W. ^ and better fecuring the rights and liberties of the fubjedt, is any! c. a. finis fettled and intajled, after the deceafe of the said late Queen, and for default of ijfue of the said late Queen, to the latf princejs Sophia, tkforefs and dutchefs dowager of Hanover, and the heirs of her being proteflants. And all the/e things I do plainly and Jmcerely acknowledge, prtmife and declare, according to exprejs words by me fpoien, and according to the plain and common fenfe and footing .of the fame words, without any equivocation, mental erflmtreflrvation whatfoever. And I do mqke this recognition, iamdedgmmt, renunciation cuedfrtmife heartily, willingly and truly.

IV.	Provided always. That fo much of this 4<ft as relates to This the affirmations to be made by the people called Quakers, fliall j?*e a*nna~ be extended to that part of Great Britain called Scotland for ever, te„,j t<?Scot-lad to .the plantations belonging to the crown of Great Britain land for ever, butfive .years, and to the end of the next feflion of parliament »"d to the alter the laid five years, and no longer.	IvT^anTanS

CAP. VII.	thd“Cf*the

A* aB far continuing the imprifonmentof Robot Blackburn '"xtftfBon of and others, far the horrid confpiracy to	the per- parliament.

pm of bis lute facred Majesty King William the Third.

WHEREAS by an eB of parliament made in the	year of tpe ,Anne,flaks.

reign of her late Majefly Queen Anne, intitsded. An aa fpr c. 19. thccoatinuing the imprifonment of Counter, and others, for the horrid con (piracy to afladinate the person of his late facred majesty King William the Third, the person hereafter named (that is U	Jay] Robert Blackburn, John Bernardi, Robert Caflels,

Robot Meldrum and James Chambers, then prifoners in Newgalefar a detefable traster out confpiracy to	the royatperfan

of ks said late Majefly, were to be detained and kept in cuflody, miked or mainprife. ,during her said late M<, and wilt now be fet at large, unlefs fame further protnfion be made for the thwerue of their imprifonment for the said offence: be it therefore ended by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice anaconfent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and com- Robert Bladc-jmttt in parliament adembled, and by the authority of die J™1?’ to-fm^That the laid Robert Blackburn, John	fon duringhU

Robert Meldrum and James Chambers, shall be detained and kept Majefly V hr euftody, without bail or mainprize, during bis M^jefty’s pleafure. pleafure.

CAP. VIIL

An aAtoimpower his Majesty to fecure and detain fuch persons as hi*

Majesty (ball fulpeft are conlptring againft hir person ana (

EJCP.

L3

I government.

CAP.



CAP, IX.

Ad aft for the better preventing mutiny and defcrtion, Jby enforcing and making more effeftual an aft of this present parliament, intitule^ JU a$ for the bitter regulating the forces to be continued in bis Majcfif s frrvtee, euid for tbe payment of the/aid farces and their quarters.

vGeq.i. ifots. £v$ry perfen in hie MajestyVfervice in the army* who, after APgnft a* •* 3#	J71 5, *&d wore March *5, 1716, shall mutiny or defert, shall fuller <fo*tb'§

The Kingmay grant com.-confiftof ijcotomWfibO

17and before March *5, 1716, shall mutiny c or fuch punifhment as a cout t marti al shall inflict TOiffions to aflemble coilrtp martial. Such courts to < officer. The prefident to be a held officer* &c. Field-officer! not to 'be tried by any under captains. Such court may adhuniffcr. oathr. Officer* ' pr foldiers not exempted from procefs of law. Not to ejjteud to the militia/ Every officer present in a court martial, where any offence may*Be ‘ punithed with death, shall befworn. Nine officers to concur in every feu-

iGeo,

* make articles for the better government of his forces. No folQter to Iks 1.(fata. difchaTged by virtue of 1 Geo. 1. c. 3. Without giving three irionrbl notice to his coldnel. The King may quarter his forces m foch placet ftib-jeft to the quartering of foldiers, at he fluk think fit, during the continu-pnpe of this aft. ExP.	4

CAR X.

An act for making more effectual her late Afajefty's-graeiam intentions for augmenting the maintenance of tberhomr

t&rgy*	*	.	-	‘	’

WHEREAS it is necejfary for the governors of the Jaunty sf Queen Anne, for the augmentation of the maintenaHmefJve $e*r clergy, in order to the more regular making properaugmefUatmts, to be informed, as exatfly as may be, of the clear improved party value of the maintenance of all fuch par forts, vuars, curates andmuttfUrs,

' officiating irt any church or chapel within that part of Great Britain

The bifhops ■ <tnce ** intended to be augmented: tie it epa&ed by the King’s mdft $iall inform excellent majefty, by apd with the advice and cpnfent. 6f themfelyes of fords fpirityal and temporal apd commons, in this present j»ar-Jue of eve ^ lament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That tfcc ben^cej^. r^fpeftive bifliops of every djocefe, and the guardians ofibeljii-9	*	ritualities	fede	vacant e, mail be and are hereby impowered and

required, from time to time, as they shall fee occafion, fijdas .may befl: serve the purposes of the said bounty to thereof'•clergy,* as well by the oath of two or more credible witpefies f which • they, or others commilfioned by them under their hai|ds ahd jfeais, are hereby impovyered to pdminifter) as by all bthqr lawful ways and means, to inform themselves of the clear kttfNtnr-ed yearly value of every benefice with ewe of fouls, living and curacy,- and of the tide and clear improved yearly valde of the maintenance of every parfon, vicar, curate and minifter* officiating in any foch churches or chapels, as aforefaid, within tfccpr feyergl diocefes, or within apy pccyjiars or places ?f exempt





1714*] Anno prfma Georsu I. Sb&kx:. 1p&r/u'.	i$i

j^riCiidlion within the bounds and limits of their refpcdlive dio-cefes, or adjoining and contiguous thereunto, although the fame be exempt from the jurifdiclion of any bi/hopin other caiqt, and how. fuch yearly values arife, with the other circumftancea thereof,- and the fame, or fuch of them, whereof they /hall have -, fully informed themfelves, from time to time, with all convenient freed, to certify under their ivfpedtive hands and iealsj<Jroertifyth* fcakoftheir refpedfive offices, to the said governors of thejxjun-rrof Quecn Anne, for the augmentation of the maintenance ofB the poor defgy, for their better information io the premifies

Provided always, and be it enabled by the authority afore- Certificates re-twd, That where by Certificates duly returned into bar Majesty'js jh™&xchequer court of Exchequer at Wejlminfier, purfuaot to an adf made in by virtue of

theparliament held- in the fifth year of the reign of her said late $ Anne, c.14. Mjiefty. intituled, An off for mfcbargihg /mail living* from their 411116 Ann at, frfi-fmts and tenths,and all arrears thereof and one other	certain the va-

made in the (ixth year of the reign of her said late Mayefty, in- ^ie of livings titoW	% An-aft	to marge the time for returning the certificates of ad not exceeding

uckfiafihol livings,not exceeding the yearly 1jam of fifty pounds: as S° •• P" *att> ojfo for	difcharging all livings of that value from the payment tffirfl-

frsuts; and for allowing time to arebbi/hops and , and other diftsieoUtfar payment of their firfl-fruits, or either of them, or

'iheydrly values of fuch livings, in order to their being augmented" bythc laid governors, and no new or different valuation .theeeof- Aafi be returned to the said governors by virtue of this ptefamadh

•HL' And• whereas by her late Majefly's letters patent under her ™k*’ ***-poeftpeli bearing date the third day ofNovember in the third year efberrtign, incorporating	the governors of the bounty of Queen Anne, ^governors.

\t\on efthe maintenance of the poor clergy, the	propofed

governors were authorized to	confider, eonfult, advife, agree upon, tohisMajesty,

hnw^prepare ndjropofein writmgto her faidMajeft,, herhtrs mpucqfors, fuck proper and	necejfary rules, methods, ,	«wjj

ndenmd mfiitutions, as the said governors,or any ftvon or more be valid. ef them, with fuch quorum a: is therein directed, Jbould,'inthoir ifntion judge moft tenement te it ebferved, for and towards the mtennlrtnd government of the said corporation, and the members tbtnef, and the receiving, accounting for, and managing alt and every she reveniej thereby granted or mentioned to be granted, and all ar-nm thereof,	and alfofor end concerning the	difirihutingi paying and

fifafbogofthe fame, and all other gifts and benevolences that Jbould n night oe given or bequeathed te the feud eorperation for the chetri-tfiMombim the said letters patent mentioned, for the augmentation of the mutenance of the poor clergy eforefaid; and fuch rules, methods, friers,, diretiions and confiitutiom, as Jbould be fo propofed, aud/botitd be approved, altered or amended by bet said late Maiefty, her fiscuffors, and fuch as Jbould be made by her said Majefly, her baits endfnecefarf, and fo fignified, and detlgred by horj her Mrs of

L 4“	(effort.



Anti* prirrto GteofefcJtl. Stitvi.' c. f&f‘ [fytp

ctjfm, uttdtr her or tfmr grrat fioL, her faU late	thereto

zCntied Jbouid be the rides, methods, directions, orders and couftitutim, by which the governors of the bounty of Queers Anne, /br rfo augment tstion of the maintenance oflhepoor clergy and'their futce/fori, iboeU receive, manage, govern, apply and: difpofe her fad late Msjefifs royal bounty, and other gifts aid benevolences which jbouid or might after that time he given or bequeathed to the fold corporation (when the donors thereof Jbouid not particularly d&ett the appikatioH thereof) to end for the intreafe of the maintenance offitch parfons, vicars,cu-rates and mimflers officiating in any church or chapel Within the hittg-firm of England, dominion of Wahek or town of Bferwkft Upon Tweed,-where the liturgy and'rites of the church of England* rfr then by law eftabUjhei were and jhsuld he ufedand obferved, for dthm # maintenance was not thek Efficiently provided :■ and wbereai purft-emt to the f<M litters patent of incorporation, the /find governori did agree upon, prepare, and propofe to her said late Majesty, certain, rules and (onjlitufiom for the better rule and government of the fold corporation, and her jaid late Majesty, by letters patent und& btr great foal, bearing* date the fifth day of March in the twelfth year of her reign, did eflablijb tbesaid rules and cOnftitutians, refmrrtgio herfelfo her heirs and fucctyors, power, from time to time, under her yr their great feal, to alter the fame, and to give and mhke in htt manner Juch other rules and conjiitutiml, according to the true Mten* Uon of the said letters patent of incorporation, as to her fiid Mjtffy, her heirs or fuccejfors jbouid jeem meet: and whereas a more expeditious and eajy method of making and altering the rules and coufttodiim, far the better rule and government of the said corporations may lend to thy advancement pf tbe said charity; be it enacted and declared-by the authority aforefaid, That ^11 fuch rules, methods, orders, <5n fe&iohs arta cohftitutions, as (hall, from time to time, be by the said governors agreed upon, prepared and propofed to brs Mijfe-fty, his heirs and fucetfiors, according to tjie true intention df the said letters patent of incorporation, and by his Majesty; hit heirs and fucceffors, approved under his or their fign nrtftucd, . shall be as good, valid and effectual rules, methods, dire&iwfy Orders and conftitutions, for the purposes afcre&id, as if the ■ fame 'were made or eftablilhed under the great leal of his Majfc-his heirs or fucceflbrs.

IV.	And whereas her said late Majesty9 sroyal bounty to the fur Jfletgy was intended to extend, not only to par fans and vicars ivtoftmi in by prfentation, or collation, inftituthn, and induction, but t&e-tttife to fuph minijkrs who come in by donation, or are only ftipeuikrf preachers or curates, officiating in any church or chapel where the ft* turgy and rites of the church ^/"England, is now by law eftabfijbd, it* and /ball be ufedytnd obferved, tnoft of which art not corporation, bar have a legal futteffion, and therefore are incapable of toting a grant or conveyance of fuch perpetual augmentation as is agreeable to her said bate Majesty9s gracious intentions, and in many places it undid be in the power of the impropriator, donor, parfon, or viclr, to with* 'draw the oUowsmce now or heretofore paid to the curate or mbdfter finding the curt) or in tqfe of a ibapebry, fbt incumbent ofth$ mtJur^



Awro'prirfto GkoSOATI. Sthe.a. cc 15»	t$|

theerebmighi ytfvfe ti titiptey a titrate,	or perma tnmifter norm-

mud tr	liienftd to sfikialtid	fuch augmentedtbapeL, and might offi*

amt there hmjtlf, aid tote the	benefit»f the

'kwig be above the value ofthoje which are intended to-be fitfi mg* mentad i and the maintenance of the titrate or tmmfler womd thus tti fitted i*tfi*ddof	being augmented: be it therefore enacted by the' au-> Alt augment-

Monty afotefsid, That aft foch churches, curacies, or chfepdfcjcd churches, wh*ctafHftU at any time hereafter be augmented by the governors iec' of the bounty of Queen Ante for the augmentation of the mein* ^^tua aenance of tne poor clergy, shall be, and are hereby declared ’ and eftablifhtd to be, from the time of fuck augmentations, per-pctualcures and bebefkes, and the minifters duly nominated and the mini* and bcehted thereunto, and their fucceflbrs refpedHvdy, shall ***" lhall be be, and becftnemed in law, bodies politick and corporate, and ^*c* P011' ftwtt hav* perpAual fucceflion by fuch name and names as in tbe	’

■grant of foch augmentation shall be mentioned, and shall bare k tegdl capacity, and are hereby enabled to take, in perpetuity, tod shall be to enMk and their fucceflbrs, all foch lands, tenements, tithes, enabled to and hereditaments, as shall be granted unto or purchased for j»k* perpc* them nfpefiitdy by the said governors of the bounty of Queen ffij.

titnne for the augmentation of the maintenance of the poor dcr- * • gy, omthar perfems contributing with the said governors as be- Impropria-nefoSors; -any law or ftatute to the contrary notwithftairding: tor*, &c. of and that the impropriators or patrons of any augmented churches Or donatives, for the time being, and their heirs, and the redtors and vicars of the motherTchurches whereto any fuch augmented ots,	of the

Vtwacy or chapel doth appertain, and their fucceflbrs, shall be mother* and are hereby utterly excluded from having or receiving, di- cburche$, arj tfedtiy or indiredfly, any profit or benefit by fuch augmentation, Se benefitof Und -(hail from time to lime, and at all times, from and after fuch augmen. 4udh augmentation, pay and allow to the minifters officiating in tion, and (ball any fuch augmented church and chapel refpedively, fuch annual allow the ufual. and other penfions, falaries, and allowances, wtuch by antient tuftoai, or otherwife, of right, and not of bounty, ought to be fterj oaciMU by (hem refpcdiively paid and allowed, and which they might, fog. hy due courfe of law, before the making of this adt, have been Compelled to pay or allow 10 the refpediive minifters o flic rating ihere, and foch other yearly fum or allowance as shall be agreed topon (if any shall be) between the said governors and fuch pa-(reo or impropriator, upon making the augmentation, and the -fame are and shall be hereby penedly vetted in the minifters ■uBktaringm fuch augmented church or chapel refpedtively, and ■their refpedtive fucceflbrs.

V.	Provided always. That no fuch redtor or vicar of fuch NoreAonAe* •tother-church, or any other ecdefiaftical person or persons, of mother* iwvlng cure of fouls, within the pariih or place where filch aug-vomited church or chapel shall be fltuate, or his or their fuccef-	of-

“fees, fttall hereby be divefted or difeharged from the fame; but fouls, the cure of foals, with all other parochial rights and duties, foch augmentation and allowances to the augmented Church or 'ftopd} as afwcfaid, only excepted) shall hereafter he and re- *

6

t^ooQle

# *54

Augmented cures remaining void fix months, (hall

If perfortsintv tied to nominate fuffer a lapfe, but nominate before advantage taken, nich nomination iball be good.

All agreements with be •n&actdrs touching the •patronage of augmented . cures, shall be good in.lawj

Anno pruxx) Georou f. ScaLi.c. 16.	(1714.

main in the fame (hte, plight and manner as before the makU ing of this a<St, and as if this a<St had not beeh made.

VI.	Andfor continuing the fucce/fian in fucb augmented cures* here-

by made perpetual caret and benefices* and that the fame may be duty and confiantly ferved: be it ena&cd by the authority alOfdatd* That in cafe mch-augmented cures be fuffered to remain void by the fpace of £x months, without any nomination within that time Qf a fit person to serve the fame, (by the person or perfbt^ having the right of nomination thergpnto) to the bifhop or otbfer ordinary, within that time, to be hccnfed for that purooie, dm fame shall lapfe to the biihop, or other ordinary, and from him to the metropolitan, and from the metropolitan to the Growth, • according to the courfe of law ufed in cafes of poefentative livings ana benefices, and the right of nominations to fuch aug* mented cure may be granted or recovered aod the incumbency thereof may and shall ceafe, and be determined, in fikemanner, and by the like methods, as the prefentariem to, or incumbency in any vicarage prefentative may be now rtfpe&vciy granted} recovered, or determined.	.

VII.	Provided always. That in cafe the person or per(bus M

titled to nominate in fuch augmented cure (hail fufssr JapfctQ incur, but shall nominate before any advantage taken thereof by the ordinary, metropolitan, or crown, refpedtively, that fccb nomination shall be as effectual as if made within fix month*} although fo much time be before ehpfed, as that the title' of lapfe be vefted in the crown.	ren

VIII.	And in as much as by the said rules eftabl\Jhed by her JauNati Majefly, under her great feal* for the management of the esfortfad royal bounty, her said late majefly was pleafed to manifefi her 'gracious intentions to invite private contributions towards augmenting the maintenance of the poor clergy, by orderings among/! other things* That to encourage bene favors from others, and thereby the foener to complete the good that was intended by her find late A&ajtfkf s honesty* the said governors may give the sum of two hundred pounds (which U the jlated fum allowed ty each curt which Jball be augmented) to cures not exceeding thirty-five pounds per annum, where auyper* fon or persons will give the Jfame or greater fum or value in lands or tithes: .and in as much as the. right of prefentedion, or summation to Small things* is of inconfiderable value* and yet it may be a great inducement to fuch benefactions* if the benefadors may have Jem right ofprefcitation or nomination to the cure which btyjejf contributes fo augment j bp it . therefore further enacted. That all agreements V/ith fuch benefactor and benefactor** withthe cot*-

' fent and approbation of the (aid governors, touching the patronage or. rjght of prefentatioa pr nomination to any fuch augmented cure, made or to be made for the benefit ot fuch bexte* factor and benefactors., his, her or their heirs or fuceeflbrs,, by the King’s mpft excellent majefty, his heirs and fuccefifors, under bis and their fign manual, or by any bodies politick, or cosv> pome, pr by any person or peribns being of the full age of twenty-one year?, having an estate of inheritance either in fep-:	'	fiihple}

17*4*1 Anno prime Geokgji I. Sut z. c. iOr

*£#

Ample,' or fee-rail, in their own risht, or in the right of their churches, ot wives, or jointly with their wives, made before coverture, or after, or having an estate for life, or for years determinable upon his and their own life and lives, with remain* der in fee Ample or fee-tail to any UTue of his or their own bodies, in fuch patronage, or right of prefentation, or nomination, in pofleffion, reverfion or remainder, Stall be rcfpe&ively good »od tafte&ual in the law againft his Majesty, his heirs and foc-cellars, or againft all and every fuch bodies politick and dorpo-me,. or. againft the persons fo agreeing, their wives, heirs and /uccefTors rcfpe&ively, and every of tnem, and againft all and every: their blue, and againft every other person and persons .ctatminpin remainder and reverfion after fuch eftate-tail, as a- snd the ad-forefaid, according to the form of fuch agreement; and the ad- ^J|lbe#^Sed vowfom patronage, and right of prefentation and nomination ;n fUCh ^nc-fuck augmented churches and chapels, shall be vefted in fuch fa&ors. benefeflors, their heirs and focceflors, as againft his Majesty, t Jus heirs and focceflors, or the said bodies politick and corporate, and their focceflors, or the said refpedtive persons, as a*

. facthbd, as fully, and in like manner and form, as if the fame Jiaft ljecn granted by his said Majesty, bis heirs or focceflors,

' wader his and their great feal, and as if fuch bodies politick or ' 0oq>oratc had been free from anv reftraint, and as if fuch other persons fo agreeing had been foie feized in his and their own 'right of.fuch advowfon, patronage, right of prefentation and npmination, in fee-fimple, and had granted the fame to fuch henefiftors, their heirs and focceffors refpedtivcly, according to

fuch agreements.	_____

Of. And be it further enaded, That the agreements of guar- ^IX5J35nt*

. diansfor and on behalf of infants or ideots under their guardi-anfhip, shall be as good and effectual to all intents and purpofes, fanta, &c. as if the said infants or ideots had been of full age, and of found mind, and had themselves entred into fuch agreements.

X.	Provided always. That in cafe of any fuch agreement, as Agreement by aforefaid, by any parfon or vicar, the fame shall be with the a parfon ihall pofifent and approbation of his patron and ordinary,	J* wl^! .con*

XL Provided alfo. That in cafe of any fuch agreement, as ^ofh,#Pa* aforefaid, made by any person feized in right of his wife, the where the wife shall be a party to the agreement, and shall feal and execute wife shall be a the fame. ;	party to the

XII.	And in as much as fuch benefaftm are to be confuUred, in *Sr*cment-■ ay foundersand patrons of churches -, be it further en- ^Xnbe Hoed* That fuch agreements fo made, as aforefaid, shall be as effcftuai fot . eft»*hial for the fupplying cures vacant at the time of fuch aug- fupplying va-tpentation made or propofol, as fpr the advowfon or nomina- cant cures, tion to future vacancies.

XIIT. ^And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, The estate fit-That it shall and may be lawful, with the concurrence of the tied for aug.’, fud governors of the bounty of Queen Anne for the augments- mentation lion af the maintenance of the poor clergy, and the incumbent, fibres, «&d ordinary of any augmeateoUviog or core, to ex-

change

CjOO^l0

Augmented donatives to be vifited by the biihop.

life donative augmented without the patron's content,

Tbe governors may a-gree with the patron, &c. . of any dona- ’ tive, &c. for an allowance * to the minifter of fuch augmented donative, See.

and iaefti to-greenseuta fliall be effectual

And tt fuch

tMprepriator (otter than the King) will j*ot agree, the governors ntttv refu(<v ften augmentation.

Anno primo Georgix I. Star. 2. Cmo- ,[17*4*

change all, or any part of the estate fettled for the augmentation thereof, for any other estate in lands or tithes, of equal or greater value, to be conveyed to the fame ufes.

XIV.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefafd, That all fuch donatives which are now exempt from all eedefi-aftical jurifdi&ion, and shall be augmented by virtue of the powers given by this a£t, fhali be ftibjeft to the vifitation and jnrif-didtion of the biftiop of the diocel'e wherein fuch donative is, tb all intents ^nd purposes of law whatfoever.

XV.	Provided always, That no donative shall be augmented without the confent of the patron or patrons in writing, under hi§ or their hands and feals first had and obtained.

XVI.	Provided also, That where it shall fall to the lot of aijy donative, cirracy, or chapelry, to receive an augmentation from the said bounty, according to the rUle$ already eftablifhed, 6t hereafter to be eftablifhed, it shall and may be lawful to and far the governors of the bounty of Queeh Anne for the augmentation of the maintenance of the poor clergy, and they are ‘hereby impowered, before they make the feme augmentation to treat and agree with the patron of any donative, irftfftropmtor of any redtory impropriated without endowment of any vicarage, or parfon or vicar of any mother-church (as the cafe shall happen to be) for a perpetual yearly, or other payment or allowance to the minifter or curate of fuch augmented donative, curacy, Or chapelry, and his fucceflbrs, to be made in all (ucceedttig times by fuch patron, impropriator, parfon or vicar, add his and their heirs and fucceflbrs, and for charging and ftlbjedttag the impropriate re&ory, or the mother-church, or vicarage therewith, and thereunto, in fuch manner, and with fuch remedies as they shall be thought fit; and fuch agreements made with the King’s moft excellent majefty, his heirs and fucceflbrs, under his or their fign manual, or with any bodies politick or corporate, or any other person or persons having any estate or irttereft, in poffeflion, reverfion, or remainder, in any fiich impropriate redtory in his or their own right, or in right of his Or their churches or wives, or with the guardian or guardians Of any person or persons having fuch estate or intereft, orwith any

{>arfon or vicar .of any mother-church, fhali be as effe&ual to all ntents and purposes with refpeflto fuch charges, as agreements made with his Msyefty, l>is heirs-and fucceflbrs, or with the lame person or persons, bodies politick or corporate refpe&iveiy, touching the patronage or fight of prefentation or nomination to the fame cures, touching which fuch agreements shall berefpec-tively made ; and in cafe fuch impropriator, Other than the King’s majefty, his heirs and fucceflbrs, and fuch parfon or vi<-car, will not or fhali <\at make fifth agreement with the feid governors of the bounty of Queen Anne fox the augmentation of the maintenance of the poor clergy; it shall and may be lawful to and for the said governors to retufe fuch augmentation, and <Q apply the money arifiug from the late Queen’s said bounty,

■ -	‘	wbieh

Annonprirno GEbRQirl. Stat. 4. C. icr.	*57

which, oogfat to have been im ployed therein, for augmenting Come other cure, according to the rules then in force.

XVIJ.	Andwhereas tbehfiorc-mentionedofoftbt Thecertificate

fifth	modfixthtears of.the reign of her said late Majejly, were, for for the dioccfe

the dwuftof Chichefter, not executed in due time, and in many di- ^Cbichefter, ottfes not with .that	exalt certainty of tbe yearly values and	,**g

/fontdiet its in the	cortificattSi as regularly ought to have been	rainingin the

feme	fmaBrprebtnds in cathedral churches	, by reafon of their be- Exchequer^

ing	dignities, omitted in feme	certificates, although they have the ewe	** *« «f-

of/buh thereto annexed, and are therefore livings with ewe of fouls	*

within the words and meaning of tbe said aits: for fupplying the de- turned, in due feQ m the execution of thelaid former aits ofparliament be it en- time, a&ed by the authority arorefaid, That the certificate for the di-ocefc of	Chichefier, dated the	twenty-fourth day of December one

thonfand (even hundred and eight, which was received in the court of Exchequer at Wifiminfler, and is now remaining there, fluH be as effectual, to all intents and purpofes, as if die fame had been foaled and returned into the said court of Exchequer, within the times limited by the said refpedive alts of parliament in that behalf made 1 and alfo that allvand every the churches, vjcyrages and livings, in and by the said certificate, or in and by the certificates made and returned in due time, or any of them, certified to be under fifty pounds per , and each mediety therein, shall be entitled to, and have the benefit of the find refpedive difebarges by the said several ads of parliament, as fully, to all intents and purpofes, as if the precife yearly value ban been expreffed, and the medieties diftinguifhed in fuch certificate and certificates: and further, that it shall and may be And tbe go-lawful to and for the said governors of the bounty of Queen certSfTiivto^ Arose for the augmentation of the maintenance of the poor cler- theExcheqaer gy, under their common feal, to be affixed at a court of the said the prebends governors, and under the hands of the governors then prefent, und*r th« to certify into the court of Exchequer the names of fuch Prc* |thou^h bends in cathedral churches, under the yearly value of fifty not namedin pounds, the prebendaries whereof have the immediate cure of any former finite of the refpedive parifhes whereof fuch prebends are deno- certificate, mutated, although the fame were not named in any former certificate i and foch certificate and certificates of the said gover- ^atM flmUl' store, being returned into tbe said court of Exchequer, shall be ^ effectual, at tffiffiuf to all intents and purposes of tbe faia two before-meatSeaed ads of parliament, as if the prebends therein named bad been duly certified within the times in the said ads limited, trti ferrite persons, and hwhe manner therein direded.

XVIII.	And whereat notwithfiahding the utmofi diligence of tbe Livings not HJkopoJe inform themfeheref, and tertijy into his Majtfly's court	^

lEacbequer, all the livings in their refpedtive	under	the cleat	may

improved yearly value offifty	pounds, in purfiunut of the said ails, certify before

*i»	finsetui 'livings within the refpefiive	hereafter named, March *5*

though fuppoftd it bounder tbe value offifty pounds per annum, have17 ^ either mt been tertifud, or if certified, tbe certificates of them have thm ltd, or not duly tutted, or by joint other mtfiakts it has happened





and they shall have the bene-lit ot the a&s of c An. c.14. ancUAn.c.17.

The governors im powered to admi-niiter oaths.

Ahn6^prfrrio«5Eia0ir I. Stat. u C*i<&	[1714.1

fined that the said livings have not yet bad the hehefit defigmdctbm* by the said aits be it further enabled by the authority ^forefaidf. That it shall and may be lawful for ^ie bifhops of tne said 4^ ocefes, at any time before the twenty-fifth day of lUkrch (R\c thousand seven hundred and fixteen, to certify into the cpuctof Exchequer the livings following, or fuch of them, as shall ap- . pear to the refpedtive bifhops to be under the value of fifty, pounds per annum, (viz.) in the diocefe of York, the redlory Saint Michael apud Pontem de Ouze in the city of York, the vjcar~> age of Skiptvitb, the vicarage of Kilham, the vicarage of North-' Leverton, the vicarage of Norwell Overball: in the diocefe of Bangor, the vicarage of Lanunda, the vicarage of Lhnfair; IJgaer, the vicarage of Llanor, the vicarage of Nevin, the vicarage ot Abererch, the vicarage of Copway, the vicarage of DwygyfyUbet* in the diocefe of Canifie, the redlory of Kirkhride, the redwy-of JDufton, the vicarage of Edenball: in the diocefe of Chkbefier, xhe* vicardge of Sela, the redlory of Beat* Maria in Weft out Learn*, the reftory of Cbalton, the redlory of Wincbelfey, the vicarage of Bernehill: in the diocefe of Saint Davids, the vicarage ofMerokir alias Mathre, the vicarage of Saint IVimock alias Saint Tvrinuefls t in the diocefe of Litchfield and Coventry, the vicarage of Horting-tcn, the vicarage of Saint Mary's in Litchfield, the foutb medicty of Darleigh, the' vicarage of Gloffop: in the diocefe of Lincoln, the redlory of Beltew alias Hellow, the vicarage of Eljbam, tbo redlory ot Normamby, the redory of Snarfora, the vicarage <*f Buckingham, the, redlory of Okeney, the vicarage of MaUmoriy the vicarage of Mijfenden Magna, the vicarage of Swanpum: in the diocefe of Norwich, the vicarage of Soutb-Walfam, the redov( ry of Framlinghams, the vicarage ot Burnbam-Overyt the vicarage* of Seaming, the vicarage of Notions, the vicarage of Melton Pay-va, the redory of Repbam Medietas & altera Medietas, the vicarage of Thurjion, the vicarage of Colkirke, the redlory <AGut^ fields, the vicarage of Henly, the redlory of Newborn, the reefo-

?f of Culpho, the redlonr of Dunwich Joharmij, the redlory akefields, the redlory of Milford Longa, the vicarage of Fmbo-row Parva, the redlory of JVillingham alias EUougb, the redlory of Bromefwell in Wilford: in the diocefe of Oxford, the vicarage" of Stanton-Harcourt: in the diocefe of Peterborough, the vicarage of Cranfhy : in the diocefe of Winchejler, the vicarage of $b*l-ford, and the vicarage of Ellingham : and the faidlivwgpfrfo^arj tified, shall have the benefit of the two fore- mentioned, adis^of parliament, as effedlually, to all intents and purpoigs* ;aexif they had been duly certified within the time limited bytht Aid adts.	1

XIX.	And be it further enadled by the authority afor&faid* That the courts and committees of the said governors of-thp bounty of Queen Anne for the augmentation of the maintemuio* of the poor clergy, shall have power and authority, and arc hereby authorized and impowered, from time to time, , to miniilcr an oath to fuch person and persons as shall at tmy tkm* give them information, or be examfoued of or CQQCffx^pg #py v

matter





1714.3 Anno primo Geo#gii 1. §taf. 2. C. it.	t£g

matter of thing relating to the execution of this or the said I*6f* mer a&s of parliament, or any way concerning the truft in then! repofed. \	'	'

XX.	And Be It further enafled By the authority aforefald? Augraenta-Thft sfl the augmentations, certificates, agreements, and ex- ^®ns»to changes heteafier to Be made. By virtue of or in pursuance ^t^cntr^to this ad, shall be carefully examined and entred in a book to Bfe^be taken as provided "and kept by the governors for that purpofe, the said records; and emrieS Bang approved at a court of the said governors, and af- a5teft^5°?iicf tefted By the governors then pfefent, fliafl be taken to be as re-evi-ebrds, and the true copies thereof, or of the Taid entries, beingdencc in law. proved by one or more credible witnefles, shall be deemed, taken, and adjudged to be good and fufficienf evidence in law, touching thd matters contained therein, or relating thereto.

XXI.	Ani to At end that churches and chapels may at all times Lands, &c. ak> it capable of receiving augmentations for the maintenance of the mini- lotted to any JUrs thereof; be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That if^deed under the governors of the bounty of Queen Anne for the augmenta- tfie governor's tkm of the maintenance of the poor clergy, shall by any deed fesd; shall go or inftrument in writing under their comniom feal, allot or ap- fucceffion, ply fo any church or chapel, any lands, tithes, pr heredita-^ ments, arifing from the said bounty of her (aid late Majesty, or

from private contribution or benefa&ion, or from all or any the

ways aforefaid, and shall declare, That the fame shall be for

ever indexed to fucK church or chapel, then fuch lands, tithes,

and hereditaments, shall from thenceforth be held and enjoyed,

and go in fucceflion with fuch church and chapel for ever; and

fach augmentation fo made shall be good and effc&ual, to all'

intents and purposes whatfoever, whether fuch church or cha-

pd, For which fuch augmentation is intended, be then full or

vacant of art incumbent or minifter; provided fuch deed or in- fuch deed be-

ftntment be enrolled in the high court of chancery wiithin fix »ng inrolled in

months after the day of the date thereof.	fix months.

Vide3 Geo. 1.	tap.io.

CAP. XL

jjfi a8 to refrain all waggoners, carrand for drawing any carriage with more than five horfes in length.

WHER E A S in and by one alt of parliament made in theftxth 6 Ana. c. 19.

■year of her late Majesty, intituled. An act to repeal a clause in ah aft of the seventh year of the reign of his late Majesty (for ahtehdfngand repairing the highways) which enjoins waggoners and others to draw with a pole between the wheel-horfes, or with doable fhafts, and to oblige them to draw only with fix bodes, or other beafts, except up hills, it is among other things enacted) That from and after thefour and twentieth day June one thonfand fevtn hundred and eight, no travelling waggon, wain, tart or tarriOge, wherein any burthens, goods or wares should be carried or ‘ drawn, other that fuch tarts and carriages as were or should be bn-- -pl*y«4 in or abtut hufbandry or manuring of land, and in

‘	n

i6q	Anno	primo	Gkqrqji I. Sue. 2. c.»i.	[1714.

bay, flraw^ com, coal,	//wirr for fbipping, materials	for

building. fores of all forts, or fuch ammunition or artillery as Jbouli be for tbeferviee of her Majefiy, her heirs or fuaeffers,- fhoali at any . <1/7/ timg travel, be drawn, ar go in any common or publfci highway or road, with above fix horfes, &***, beafs, upon and juta<r /A/ pains and penalties, and fubjeft to the provifo therein mentioned; and whereas the exceffwt weights or loads laid upon waggons or offer car-r/ftro by fix horfes, as aforefaid, are found by experience to be fo heavy and burthenfome, that the roads are thereby rendred ahnofl impajjable: for remedy whereof, be jt enacted by the King’s molt excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons, in this prefertt parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That from AfterSept. 30, and after the thirtieth day oT September one thousand seven hun-

1715.	no waa- dred ancj fifteen, no travelling waggon, wain, cart or carriage, f«^aan «ritL therein any burthens, goods and wares Qiall be carried and above five bor- drawn (other than and except as in the recited adt is excepted) let, Sec. in shall at any one time be drawn or go in any common qr pub-iength, under ]icfc highway or road with above five horfes, pxen, or beafts ip lenSth> Upon	Pa*rts,	penalties and forfeitures, and fu]>-

6 Ann, 0.09, je& t0 the provifoes in the laid recited aA mentioned, or in an and 9 Ann. aA made 1st the ninth year of her said lalp Majesty’s reign, to c. iS. render more*effectual the laid recited aA of the fixtn year of her said Majesty’s reignj the said recited ftatute, or any claule therein contained, or any other ftatute to the contrary in any wife notwjthftanding.

The exception Provided, and it is enaAed by the authority aforefaid, in the said a&s That the said exception in the said a£ts, or either ot them con-fhall not ex- tained, or in any other aAs wbatfoever, shall not extend or be tendtothrem- con^rue<ii extCnd to die excepting the carriage of thrdhed cotp and coal. Altered and made mere effectual by 5 GfP* I. c% 12. 16 Geo. 2. c. 29% i$Geo.2. r. 3$. 74 Geo. t. f. 4J.

CAP-





' Anno prime Georgii I. Star. 2. c. 12.	1

CAP. XII.

A»a& for tnlargtng tbe fund of tbe governor and company if the fonk of England, relating tb Exchequer bills; and ftor fettling an additional revenue of one hundred and iwcnty thousand pounds per annum upon his Majejiy du- ' ringfbis life*) for the ftrvice of the civil government; and for tfiablifbittg a certain fund of fifty four thousand fix hundred pounds per annum, in order to raise a fum not ex-reeding nine hundred and ten thousand pounds for the fer-vice of the publicity by fale of annuities, after the rate of fix pounds per centum per annum, redeemable by parliament i and for fatisfying an arrear for work and materials at Blenheim, incurred whilft that building,was carried on at the expence of her late majejiy Quten Anne, of biefftd memory ; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

MOST gracious Sovereign, Whereas in purfuance of an aft of parliament made in tbe feventb year of the reign of her late majejiy 7 Ann. t. yi Qy^en Anne (of blejfed memory) for enlarging tbe capital flock of tbe * bank of England, Jeveral bills, commonly called Exchequer bills, were made forth, amounting in principal money to two millions and five hundred thousand pounds, for btr Majefly'sfupply; and in purfuance of another aft made tbe said feventb year of ber said late Majefly's reign (amongfl 7 -Ann. c. t. other things) for circulating a further fum in Exchequer bills; and of certain tht&fes contained in an a£t of tbe eighth year of ber feign in that g Ann c behalf there were iffued for her Majefly's fupply more fucb bills, amounting t# the further fum of four hundred thousand pounds in principal money ; and purfuant to another aSt made in tbe twelfth year of her 12 Ann* flat, u said late Majefly's reign, (amongfl other things) for circulating a fur- c. in * ther fum in Exchequer bills, there were iffued for ber Majefly's fupply more fucb bills, amounting, in principal money, to twelve hundred tbour fand pounds; and it was provided by tbe said alls reJpeQively, That all the said bills fbould bear an interefl after tbe rate of two pence per centum per diem (faving the, said interefl upon fucb of tbe said bills as Jbould at anytime ot times be in tbe Exchequer, or in tbe bands or power •f any receiver ot collector of any taxis, aids, or revenues payable to ber Majejiy, ber heirs or fuccejjors, during fucb time and times refpellivcly as Jucb bills fbould be or remain in tbe Exchequer, or in fucb bands or former, as aforefaid) and that tbe governor arid company of tbe bank of England fbould have an allowance, after tbe rate of three pounds per centum per annum, for circulating all tbe said bills in tbe manner by tbijad &8s refpeSively preferibed, abating tbe fame allowance propor-tionably as tbe bills Jbould be cancelled: and whereas by an a& made in q Ann. c. 7, tbe ninth year of ber said late Majefly's reign, for better enabling tbe said governor and company, and their fuccejjors, to exchange for ready money, upon demand, any of tbe bills made forth upon tbe said Jeveral a&s of the feventb and eigbtb years of ber said late Majefly's reign, it was enaSed, That tbe full fum of forty five tboufand pounds per annum Jbould be paid t9 dnd for tbe ufe of tbe said governor and company, and '	M	their



i6*	Anno	primo GfeORGli I. Stilt.	%.C.ii. £17*

their fuccefjors, by the fever al ways and means therein fpecffied, for and during fucb time only as In that aft was exprejjed; and by the Jaid eft inode in the twelfth year of her said late Majesty’s reign, for bettor enabling the said governor and company, and their fuccefjors, to ttreu-late all Exchequer bills made forth and to be made forth on that and the former afts, by exchanging the fame, from time to time, for ready money, upon demand, it was enafted, That the entire yearly Jim of eight tboufand pounds (over and above the said yearly Jim of forty-fine tbou-fand pounds) fbould be paid to and for the ufe of the Jaid governor and company, and their fuccejfors, by quarterly payments; and rbat the said yearly Jum of eight tboufand pounds, together with the said yearly fum of forty five tboufand pounds, fbould continue and be paid and payable to tbe said governor asid company, and tbebr fuccejfors, until fucb time as mo more than nineteen hundred tboufand pounds of all tbe bills iffued and to be iffued, in pursuance of that and tbe said former afts (taken aii together) fbould be ftandmg out uncancelled in tbe whole : and whereas for making good as well tbe said inter eft, after tbe rate of two pence per centum per diem, and tbe said allowance after tbe rate of three pounds per centum per annum, upon all tbe bills iffued and to be iffued, as aforefaid, as alfo tbe said yearly fum of eight tboufand pounds; until tbe fubfidies, duties, furplus monies, remains and arrears, empofing tbe general fund and fecurity by tbe said former afts, or fame of them, intended to be eftablijbed, or fo many of them as fbould be fufficient for tbofe purpofes, fbould bave taken effeft; it was by tbe said fevered efts of tbe feventb, eighth, and twelfth years of ber said late Majeflfs reign, or fome of them, enafted, fbat tbe lord treajurer, or ibree or mors of tbe commiftioners of tbe treasury for tbe time being, fbould make out, or caufe to be made out other Exchequer bills, for fo much as fbould be computed to be due at tbe refpeftive quarter days therein mentioned (over and above what fbould bave been applied out of tbe fubfidies, duties and fums of motiey aforefaid, for tbe said inter eft, and for fucb allowance of three pounds per centum per annum, and for tbe said yearly fum of eight tboufand pounds refpeftively) and that fucb quarterly bills fbould bear tbe like interest of two pence per centum per diem, and tbe said governor and company fbould bave tbe like allowance of three pounds per 7 Ann. c. 7. centum per annum, for circulating thereof: and whereas fa and by tbe said first mentioned aft of tbe feventb year of ber said late Majesty's reign, certain duties were granted, continued, or made payable fo hr Majesty, ber heirs and Jucceffors for ever, that is to fay, tbe duties called tbe two thirds of a fubfidy of tonnage and poundage therein mentioned, wbicb were to take iff eft, and did take effeft by that aft, from tbe feventb day of March one tboufand seven hundred and eleven, certain duties upon coffee, cocoa-mas, chocolate, cocoa-pafte, tea, nut-megs, cinnamon, cloves, mace, piftures, and muflitis, and certain increafed duties upon coffee, cocoa-nuts, chocolate, cocoa-pafte, tea, nutmegs; chmamm, cloves, mace, and piftures, and certain further rates or dudes upon ell white callicoes, porcelan, commonly celled China ware, end drugs, ell wbicb were to take effeft, and did take effeft by tbe aft loft mentioned, from tbe twenty third day of June one tboufaud seven hundred end fourteen; and one half of another (ubjidy of tonnage and poundage therein mentioned, wbicb was to take effeft, and did take effeft by tbe fame aft, from and after tbe laft day of July one tboufand seven hundred and fom-iiAnn.ftat.i. fcenj and by tbe said aft of the twelfth year of ber said lose Mtiefff* fI*	reign.

«y-S4'*l	AnnoprirndGeoRonl. Stat*.

TtigtirtU tk said duties fo gnattd, continued, or made payable fit net} together with the furplus which Jbould from time to time arife of, or from 11* other half of the fubfidy of tonnage and poundage lajl mentioned (over and above eighty tboufand pounds per annual, formerly charged thereupon for payment qf annuities) and divers arrears and other fums of money or revenues, more largely deferibed in the said first mentioned act of the famtb year of her Slajefifs reign, are made a general fund or fiecurity, and appropriated as well for fasisfymg and payings from time to time, all the monies which Jbould be due or payable for interejl, after the rn$e of lino pence per centum per diem, and for the jaid allowance ef tibeet pounds per centum per annum, for all the hills made out9 or to bemmh out, upon the said a6t of the twelfth year, or any the former a&s before mentioned, and all the monies which Jbould grow due upon the said yearly fums of forty five tboufand pounds, and eight tboufand pounds9 as sdfa for or towards rmfing Jucb a yearly fum as is after mentioned, foe paying off and cancelling all the /aid bills: and by the said aft of the twelfth year of her Majeftfs reign, towns enadted, That after paying orrefierving fitfScicnt to pay, from time to time% fo much as Jbould he grown due, or dmandable for the said interejl of two pence per cents* per diem, and allowance of three pounds per centum per annum, then the monies which Jbould, from time to time, he grown due to the food governor and company, and their fuccejfors, upon their said other yearly allowances of eight tboufand pounds, and forty five tboufand pounds from, the ref 'pe&ive times therein mentionedy Jbould quarterly he paid out of the monies arfvag by the said duties and revenues; and that after paying or nfervmg fiufficient to pay fo much as Jbould, from time to time, be incurred and grown due, for and upon the said interejl, after the rata of two pence per centum per diem, and the said several allowances after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, eight tboufand pounds per annum, and forty five tboufand pounds per annum, (which were always to be preferred in point of payment) the full and entire yearly /*"* °f hundred and seventy tboufand rune hundred ninety nine founds [even Jbillings (comprehending therein the yearly fum of two hundred tboufand pounds mentioned in the said former a&s, or jme of them) or fo much of the said yearly Jim of two hundred and seventy tbou-fend rme hundred ninety nine pounds /even Jbillings, as the remainder of the JM fund Jbould from time to time produce for that purpofe, Jbould he, and is thereby appropriated for paying off all the principal money remained and to be contained in all and every the Exchequer bills, made fmtbiondtebe made forth, by or in purfuance of that and the said former aits, or my of them, and for cancelling the fame, until all the said bilk frail he difebarged and cancelled; and by the fame ad it was provided and anqSed, That from and after the complete paying off and difebarging alttbe principal and interejl which Jbould be due on the said Excbequeq biUs jfJued and to he ijfiued in purfuance of that and the said other ado, and cancelling all the fame bills, and full Jatisfadion made of all arrearages (if any Jbould be then due) fri well of the said allowance after the oat* of three pounds per centum per annum, as alfo of the said yearly fums of forty five tboufand pounds, and eight tboufand pounds„ or either of them, then, and not till then, the several fubfidies, duties and revenues, fettled or appropriated, as well for payment of the said interefi of Pm pence per centum per diem, and the said allowance after the fhk tfhbmtW&W	per annum, and the field yearly Jims

M*	•/





jtg

7 Ann.c. y.

i a Ann. flat, r,' * c. ii.



Additional revenue for the civil go* vtrnment.

Anno prlmo GEofe.au I. Stat.2.' C.	£17*42

of forty fine tboufand pounds and tight tboufand	as	alfo for faifi-

ing tbe said yearly Jum of. two hundred and seventy tboufand nine hundred ninety nine pounds and seven Jhillings, and every of them* should he mderftood to be redeemed by parliament, and should not be ijfued9 paid or applied to any uje, intent or purpofe wb'atfoever, without the authority of parliament, as in and by the several a&s above recited or mentioned (amongfi divers atber. claufes, matters and things therein contained) relation being thereunto respectively bad, may more fully appear : and whereas all tbe bills wbicb were ijfued upon tbe said several aSs •(including the quarterly hills before-mentioned) did amount in the whale (to four millions fix hundred seventy fix tboufand eight hundred and twelve pounds and ten Jhillings; and Jince tbe said duties or revenue* have taken effeQ, as many of the hills Jo ijfued, as amounted to one bus*-dred and fifteen tboufand seven hundred eighty seven pounds.and ten Jbil-lings, have been (purfuant to the said a& of the twelfth year of her lata Majesty^ reign) paid off and cancelled, fo that tbe bills made forth upon the said several aits which are Jlanding out, or do remain uncancelkd or ujMifcbarged, upon the eleventh day of July one tboufand seven hundred -and fifteen, do amount to the Jum of four millions five hundred fixty-ont tboufand and twentyfive pounds, or thereabouts : and whereas we yottr Majesty's moft dutiful and loyal fubjeSs, tbe commons of Great-Britain in parliament ajfembled, being jujlly fenfible of tbe ineftimable bleffings which your fubjeQs do enjoy under your Majesty's aufpicious government, and tbe good profpeSt of continuing tbofe bleffings to your Jaid JuhjeSs, ■and their pofterities, wider your Majejty and your royal offspring, are defirous that a fuffkient provision may he fettled by tbe moft eafy and effectual ways and means, for enabling your Majesty to fupport the dignity of tbe crown, and to make an honourable provision for your royal family* and have therefore refolved, that there be granted to your M&jejly, during your life, (wbicb God long preferve) an additional revenue of one hundred and twenty tboufand pounds per annum, which together with the meat produce of tbe branches fettled for tbe ufes of yout Majesty* s civil government by tbe late aft of parliament in that behalf, may make up tbe ' clear yearly fum of seven hundred tboufand pounds, for tbe fervict of year Majesty's boiifhold and family, and'other your necejfary expences and oc~ * cafions: and your said commons of Great Britain are alfo defirous* That a fum not exceeding nine hundred and ten tboufand pounds may be raised (by tbe like eafy and effectual waysand means) as part of tbe necejfary Jupply by them granted for tbe feruice of your Majejty%s navy and forces, and other your Majesty's publick occafions: and your Majesty's said commons finding, that upon enlarging or augmenting tbe said prefect *fund and fecurity of tbe said governor and company of tbe bank-of£^g-iand, by Jucb additional revenues and incomes as are herein after granted, continued and appropriated, and making fuch enlarged or augmented fund jand fecurity liable, in tbe firfl place, to fatisfy all monies wbicb fhall, from time to time be incurred a?ul grown due, as well for and upon lie said tntereft of two ponce per centum per diem, as tbe said allowance \of three pounds per centum per annum; and in tbe next place, %o fa tisfy all monies wbicb shall from time to time be incurred and grown due for and upon tbe said other allowances of forty five tboufand pounds per annum, and eight tboufand pounds per annum, (tbe said interest and several allowances beitig always to be preferred m payment, as of or efaid, actor-ding to tbe tenor, and true meaning of tbit and tbe said fanner afts) they

*





Anno primo-GEORGli I. Stat.2.c.i2.	165

tbe said governor and company of the bank of England, are willing for	^	1

accommodating yoar Majejlfs affairJr, that out of the rejidue or remainder of fueb enlarged or augmented fund, the yearly fum of one hundred no,oool. per and twenty tboufand pounds, by quarterly payments, JhaU and may be annum to be token and applied for the service of your Afajefty’s boufbold and family^* ppliedforthe and other your necejfary expences and occafions; and that after paying or {^uJhold &c, refervitig fuffident to pay fucb monies as flail, from time to time be in*	9

curred and grown due, for or upon the said yearly fum of one hundred and twenty tboufand poUnds, then the further yearly fum of fifty-four-tbnfand fix hundred pounds, by like quarterly payments, flail and may be taken and applied out of the said rejidue or remainder of the said enlarged or augmented fund, in order to raise any fum or fums of money,. not exceeding nine hundred and ten tboufand pounds, for Jucb publick fer- 9l°,oooI. for vices, as of Or esaid ;' and that after paying or reserving fuffident to pay Vu^ic^ ^er"

Jo much as jball, from time to time, be incurred .and grenvn due for or 1CC*’ open the fold yearly fums of one hundred and twenty tboufand pounds, end fifty four' tboufand fix hundred pounds, mid either of them, out of tbe said rtfidue or remainder of fucb enlarged or augmented fund, then tfe abtfwM yearly fum of two hundred and seventy tboufand nine hundred nimy-idne pounds and seven Jhillings, or fo mucb thereof, as the' fsid rejidue or remainder of fucb enlarged or augmented fund flail, from' time te time, produce for that purpofe, flail and may be appropriated for paying off all the principal money contained in all and every the said Excbe qmMls remaining, and which flail from time to time remain uncan-celled or undifeberged, and for cancelling the fame, until all the said bills jball be cancelled and difcharged. Proroide a always, That in cafe at Deficiencies any tine or timer there flail happen to be any deficiency or deficiencies	t0

make good the payments of the original fund of one hundred tboufand m^c g00**-pounds per annum of the laid governor and company, fpecified in the faid. firfi mentioned aPd of tbe feventb year of her late Majesty's reign, and of tbeir yearly annuity of one hundred and fix tboufand five hundred and one pounds thirteen Jbillihgs and five pence, in the fame aft fpecified, or either d them, then and fo often, all and every fucb deficiency and deficiencies jball and ntay, from time to time, be fatisfied and made good out of the -	.	^

said nfidue or remainder of Jucb enlarged or augmented fund, as afore-find, with preference to any IJfues thereafter to be made for cancelling any of the fold Exchequer-bills: now for the making up, fettling and ejlablijb-ing a good, fure and complete fund, fuffident to anfwer all the ends and-purpojes by this a8 intended, by making all the payments which flail,' from time to time, be incurred or grown due (in the order and courfe hereby preferibed) as well for and upon the said interejl, and several allowances before-mentioned, as for and upon the said yearly fums of one hundred See i Geo. t. ead twenty tboufand pounds, and fifty four tboufand fix hundred poundsflat. ». c. 19* md by making good Jucb deficiencies as flail or may happen, as afore faid*• end ly producing a yearly fum to be applied quarterly, for or towards, the, cancelling and difebarging the said bills; we your Majejiy's said dutiful and loyal Jubjefts, tbe commons of Great Britain in parliament affembled, do humbly befeecb your Majejly, that it may he enabled and declared; -and be it enaded and declared by the King’s molt excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confeot of the lords fpiri-tual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament . affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the aforefai4 The two doties, called the two thirds ol a fubfidy of tonnage and poundT thirds fubfidyi

Jd j	age,	the duties oa



166	Anno	pnmo	GfioRGll I. Stat. 2. t. ilJ	£r 7 14L

coffee,&c.and age, and the said duties upon coffee, cocoarnuts, chocolate* fubfidy Arm CD00ftvPs|ft«f tea, nutmegs, cinnamon, cloves, mace, piftures c. 7. fhaSlbe and muflins, and the laid increafed dirties upon coffee, cocoa-part of the nuts, chocolate, cocoa-pafte, tea, nutmegs, cinnamon, cloves, general fund mace, and piftures, and the laid further rates or duties upon thisaft ^ °*white callicoes, porcelan, commonly called China ware, and sa # drugs, and the afqrcsaid half fubfidy or tonnage and poundage, which were all granted to her said late Majesty, her heirs and fucceflors for ever, by the said first mentioned aft of the seventh year of her reign, and the excefs or furplus, which fhaif from . time to time arife by the said other moiety or half of the said fubfidy of tonnage and poundage, which was granted for the term of ninety fix years, from the laft day of July one thousand seven hundred and twelve, and charged with eighty thousand pounds per annum, for payment of annuities, and all other revenues, remains and arrears whatfoever, which by the said aft of the twelfth year of her said late Majesty’s reign were appropriated for payment of iptereft and allowances relating to tne Ex-1 chequer bills, or towards cancelling the fame, fubjeft to fueh redemption as was thereby preferibed, shall be, and fhaif be deemed and taken, ana are hereby enafted and declared to be part of the general fund, and fecurity by this a<5^ eftabKfhcd and intended to be eftablifhed, for all the u(fes and purposes in this aft exprefled, and shall be fubjeft fo fuch redemption as in this aft is preferibed, and not otherwife5 the laid former afts or any of them, or any claufe, matter or thing in them, or any qf them, contained to the contrary in any wife notwithftand-

iftS-

II. And to the end there may be no failure or defelt in the said general fund hereby intended to be ejlablijhed, his Majefhfs said dutiful ana loyal fubjefls, the commons of Great Britain in parHamfrt qffimbled, have given and.granted, and by this all do give and grant to bis Majejly, his heirs ana fuccejjors for ever, the several additional revenues and incomes herein after more particularly expreffed, and do mojl humbly hefeecb his Majejly, that it may be enaaea\ and foe it enafted by the authority aforefaid, in manner following, that is to fay. Whereas by an aft of parliament of the sixth yea* of 6 Ann. c.n. her (aid late Majesty’s reign, intituled. An act for continuing one half part of the fubftdies of tonnage and poundage, and other duties upon wines, goods, and merchandizes imported, which were granted to the crown in the twelfth year of the reign of king Charles the Second, and for fettling a fund thereby, and by other ways and means, for payment of annuities, not exceeding eighty thousand pounds per annum, to be fold for raiftvg a further fupply to her Majejly, fir the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eight, and other ufes therein expreffed, it was enafted, That there (hould be railed and levied, for and upon all wines, goods, and merchandizes, which at any time or times, from and after the said Jaft day of July one thousand seven hundred and twelve, within or during the term of ninety fix years, from thence next and immediately enfuing, should be imported or brought into Great

Britain,

Duties on wines and merchandizes.



i7f4*J Anna primo Geougu I. Stat. 2. c. 12.

Britain* one} moiety or half-part of the fubfidies, duties, and fums of money therein mentioned, or thereby referred to; (except as therein is excepted): now it is hereby enafted by the authority aforefaid, That there shall be raifed, levied, collefted, and paid to his Majesty, his heirs and fueceflbrs for ever, for and upon all wiaes, goods and merchandizes, which at any time or times, from and after the determination of the said term of ninety fix years, shall be imported or brought into Great Britain* the like moiety or half-part of the like fobfidies, duties, and fixns of money (except as m and by the said aft of the sixth year of her late Majesty's reign, or any other ad or ads of parliament in relation to the laid half-fobfiidy, is excepted) and shall be collected, levied, and paid by fiich ways and means, and under fuch penalties and forfeitures, and fubjeft to fiich drawbacks and allowances, and m fuch manner and form4 as by the said aft of the sixth year of her Majesty’s reign, or any other aft relating thereunto, is prefcribed, for railing and levying the feid hal&fubfidy, during the term aforefaid; and that all the monies which, after the determination of the said terra of ninety fix years, shall arife, of or for the said moiety or halfpart of the iaid fubfidy and duties hereby intended to be conti* nued, and all the arrears of the said half-fubfidy which shall or may arife by virtue of the grant thereof, during the tefnfi afore (aid, after all the annuities and payments charged thereupon shall be fully paid off and determined, or money fufficient shall be referred for that purpofc (the neceflary charges of management always excepted) shall be brought and paid; from time to time, into the receipt of the Exchequer, for the purposes in this aft expre&d, and fubjeft to fafh redemption as is hereby prefcribed concerning the fame.

11L And whereas by a* aft of parliament made and faffed m the Additional fevemth year of the reign'of hb hie majesty King William the Third duties on^ (of glorious memory) intituled. An act for granting to his Majesty an additional duty upon all French goods and merchandizes, tartar* additional duties were hid an French wines, brandy* vine*-gar, and other goods of the growth, produft, or manufafture of France, imported ftom and after the twenty eighth day of February om theufand fix hundred ninety fix* for the term of one and twenty years* and from thence to the end of the next session of parliament; be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That the (aid PcrP*-tddsrional duties upon French wines, goods, and merchandizes,tu 9 impofed by the a& laft mentioned, after the determination of that aft, (nail have continuance and be paid and payable to his Majesty, his heirs and fuccefiors for ever, and shall be colleft-erf, levied, and paid, by fuch ways and means, and fubjeft to fiich penalties and forfeitures, and in fuch manner and form, as the said additional duties by the aft laft mentioned, or by any other aft relating thereunto, are appointed to be raised or levied 5 and that all the monies which, from and after the feaft-day of Saint Afitbael the Archangel in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, shall arife of or for the faid

M4	additional



Anno primo Gkorgiih Seat. a. CviflC £

additional duties upon French wines, goods,' and merchandizes, by virtue of the said ad of the fevenlh year of the reign of > King 7 W. 3. c. »o. William the Third, or by virtue of* this present ad, except the* neceflary charges of raifing and paying the fame, shall be brought and paid, from time to time, into the receipt of the Exchequer, for the purposes in this ad exprefled, and fubjedtiq fuch redemption as is hereby prefcribed concerning the fame..

Plantation Iv. And it is hereby alfo enaded by the authority. afbrefaid, duties.	That	all	the monies which, from and after the laid feaft-day

of Saint Michael the Archangel in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, shall arife by the duties which in and by an ad of parliament, made and pafied.in the ►5 Car. if c. 7. five and twentieth year of the reign of King Charles the Second (of blefled memory) intituled, An act for the encouragement of the Greenland and Eaftland trades, and for the better featring. the plantation trade, were granted to his Majesty, his heirs and/nc-ceflors for ever, commonly called the plantation duties (the neceflary charges of raifing and paying the fame excepted) mall alfo be brought and paid, from time to time, into the said re-ceipt of Exchequer, for the purposes in this ad exprefled, and be liable to fuch redemption as is herein after prefcribed in that behalf.

Puty on'hops V. And be it likewife enaded by the authority aforefaid, '9Anna:, c. 12. That the several and refpedive duties, which in and by an ad everinUCd *°r ot parliament made in the ninth year of the reign of her said late majesty Queen Anne, intituled. An act for laying a duty upon hops, were impofed *upon all hops, which at any time or times within or during the term of four years, reckoned from the first day of June one thousand seven hundred and eleven, should bc imported or brought into the kingdom of Great Britain, and for and upon all hops growing in Great Britain, whieh, at any time or times within or during the said term of four years, (hould be cured and made fit for ufe (which duties by an a& of the present feflion of parliament are continued until the first day of Augujl one thousand seven hundred and fifteen) shall be and are hereby further continued, and shall be paid and payable to his Majesty, his heirs and fuccefibrs. for ever, for and upon all hops which, at any time or times from and after the laft day of July one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, shall be imported or brought into the kingdom- of Great Britain, and Cor and upon all hops growing and to grow in Great Britain, which, at any time or times after the said laft day of July one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, shall be cured ana made fit for ufe; the fame duties to be charged, afeertained, fecured, collected, levied and paid, by fuch rules, ways, means and methods, and with fuch drawbacks and allowances, and under fuch penalties and forfeitures, and in fuch manner and form, as the said duties on hops by the two a<fts laft mentioned, or either of them, or • by any other a& or a<5ts of parliament thereby referred unto, were enabled or diretfed. to be charged, afeertained, fecured, collected, levied and paid; and that ail and every the claufo, 2	.	powers,





Anna pruHoGfioRGii I. Stat.2, C. ti:	i6y

poriete,'dwedSortsr penalties, and forfeitures, provifoes, matter* and things :ooBtained in the (aid former ads concerning hops,' or cither'of them, for fecuring, raifing or levying the duties'on hops thereby granted or continued, or for encouraging the exportation of Britifb hops for Ireland, or for reftraining the ufe of hitter (ingredients inftead of hops, or touching or concerning hops of foreign growth, or otherwise relating to hops, (half bo and are hereby revived, and shall continue for ever m full force	*	v

and vigour,, tor fecuring, raifing, and levying the duties upon hop*, hereby granted and continued, and for encouraging the exportation ot Britijb hops to Ireland, and for reftraining the ufe of hitter ingredients inftead of hops, and for all other pur* pofer whatfoever in relation to hops, as if the fame daufes* powers, diredions, penalties, and forfeitures, provifoes, matters, and things were particularly repeated and again enaded in the body of this present ad; and that all the monies which, from and after the said lafit day of July one thousand seven hundred andfifteen, shall arife of or for the said duty upon hops hereby granted or continued (except the necessary charges of raifing and paying the fame) mall likewife be brought and paid, from time to time, into the receipt of the Exchequer, for the purposes by this ad appointed, and fubjed to fuch redemption as is by this ad prescribed in relation thereunto.

VI.	And whereas by the said aft of the ninth year of her said late 9 Ann*, c. isv Jbfajeftfs reign, intituled, An act for laying a duty upon hopsj it irtherein (among other things) enabled, That no person Jhall import^ or caafe to be imported into Ireland from Flanders, or any other parts wohatfoever (other than from Great Britain) any hops whatfoever 5 neverthelefs great quantities of foreign hops have been carried into Ireland, and there landed from Glanders, or other parts (other than from Great Britain) to the great prejudice of his Majejly's revenue, * *	-

end difeouragement of the trade of Briti(h hops: for prevention of the like abufes for the future; be it enaded by the authority afore-laid, That from and after the tenth day of September in the year After io$ept« pf onr Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, the matter XZSJ: rafter of every (hip.or veflel, which shall carry any hops whatfopver to Jrebndy shall take from the colledor or comptroller of the port Ireland, to in Great Britain {where he shall lade any hops) a duplicate of takeadupli-of bis content in writing of all the hops taken or laden on catc °f hJf board his (hip or veflel, before he be permitted to fail out of thr^llcaor1 Che port, under the hand and feal of fuch colledor or comp-- &c. in Eng- * duller of the said port in Great Britain, which said duplicate land, fhattbe delivered to the matter of every fuch (hip or veflel* with-joufc fee or reward ; and that every fuch matter of fuch (hip or t0 be deliver--vcflel lball deliver, upon oath, fuch duplicate to the officer of thecuftoms in fuch port in Ireland* where fuch (hip or veflel inland 0n ihall arrive, and intends to unlade, before he be permitted to oath, land any hops; and that in cafe any hops shall be unladen or landed m any part of Ireland, before fuch duplicate is produced on forfeiture Co tbe officer, colledor, or comptroller, as aforefaid, all fuch ofthe hoP** bops, and ten shillings for every pound weight of th^ fame, l0S> pcr •	(hall

170	A#no	prunoGbokqii I. Slat s.e.i* [1714*

fhatt be forfeited; one moiety to his Majesty, his hctrs and fce-ccfiors, the other moiety to the officer or officers, or any other person or pdrfons who (hail feize or fue for the fame in any of his Majesty’s courts of record in Dublin, to be recovered by action, bill, plaint or information, wherein no efibin, protection* privilege, or wager of law shall be allowed, or any more than one imparlance,

4,	Ann. c. 6. VII. And whereas by an a& of parliament made m the fourth year if the reign of her /aid late Majtfy, intituled,, An aft lot continuing an additional fubfidy of tonnage and poundage, and certain duties upon coals, culm and cynders, and additional duties of txcife, and for fettling and efbtblifhing a fund thereby, and by other ways and means, for payment of annuities, to be Ibid for railing a further (upply to her Mapefty, for the service of the year one thoufend (even hundred and fix, and other ufes therein mentioned, a eertain additional fubfidy if temoage and poundage, commonly called the one third fubfidy, payable for and upon all wines, goods and merchandizes imported, and thereby granted for the form of ninety eight years, which commenced from the eighth day erf March in the year of our Lord one tboufand ftven hundred and fix, and tie particular rates and duties of oxcifi thereby granted for tie term of ninety five years, from the fevonteenth day of May one tboufand Jeven hundred and thirteen, with other mouses therein men* tioned, are appropriated and made liable to the payment of sort am annuities purchased thereupon, net exceeding one hundred eighty four tboufand two hundred forty two pounds fourteen JbilHngs per annum, for ninety nine yean, reckoning from Lady-day one tboufand fitvou hundred and fix, and payable at the receipt of the Exchequer, atod the Overplus memos which might arife yearly upon that ait, were after-nuards enabled to bo juftly and duly computed at Lady-day yearly, or

5 Ann. c. 191 nothinfix dens after: and by email of parliament made in the fifth year of her paid late Majeftfs reign, mthukd. An a& for contiro* ing the duties on how wines, and fpirits of the first extraction, ana the duties payable by hawkers, pedlars, and petty chap* men, and part of the duties on ftampt vellum, parchment, and paper, and the late duties on fweets, and the one third fubfidy qf tonnage and poundage, and for fettling and dbbliftnng a fund thereby, and by the application of certain overplus monies, and other wife, for payment of annuities, to be fold for raffing a further (apply to her Majesty, for the fervicc of the year one tboufand (even hundred and feven, and other ufes therein ex-proffed, certain duties upon low wines, and fphrits of the first extra*-turn, thereby continued from the throe and twentieth day of June one thsufani seven hundred and ten, for the term of ninety fix years from thence next enfuing, and certain duties payable by hawkers, pernors, petty chapmen, and others therein mentioned, and thereby continued * for the like term of years, and fiuh of the duties upon ftampt vellum, parchment, and paper, as are therein mentioned, and thereby continued for the term of ninety fix years, which commenced front the lafi day of July one tboufand seven hundred and ten, and the duties upon fweets, thereby laidfor the term of ninety nine years, from tie four *	.	and





A'rind pnmo GioRGii I. Stat. 2. c. 12.	tyi

and twentieth day of March one tboufand liven hundred and fit, and the said fubftfy called the one third fubfidy, by the fame aft granted and continued for one whole year, to commence from thi expiration of the said ninety-eight years therein granted by the said fof met aft> and dll the overplus monies of the fubjidies, rates, duties, 4 Ann. c. 6. afid other monies contained its the fold aft of the fourth year of bar hid hte Majejlfs reign, after paying or referving fufficient-id fay Jo much as should be incurred or grown due upon the said qmaities, by virtue of that aft,^ at or before every feafl of thi Annunciation of the bleffed virgin Mary reffectively (the necefe /dry charges of paying and accounting for the fame annuities pur-* chafed thereupon being excepted} are [appropriated and made habit to the payment of certain annuities fur chafed upon the said aft of thi fifth year of her said late Majejlfs reign« not exceeding in the wholi 5 Ajin. c. 19, ihe furtt ofjeventy-two thousand one hundred eighty seven pounds ten finying* per annum for ninety-nine years, from the five and twentieth day ofWl arch one thousand seven hundred and feven, payable alfl at the Jatd receipt of Exchequer : and thereby it was provided, that if at the end of any year of the said term of ninety-nine years, for which the said annuities upon the said aft of the fifth year of her Jatd late Majefifs reign were to be pur chafed (the jirft computation to bt made at Lady-day one thousand seven hundred and eight, or within fix days after) the monies arifing at the Exchequer within fitch year fy ihefatd rates, duties, fubjidies, overplus monies, and other monies thereby appropriated for payment of annuities purfiumt to that aft,

Jbotdd exceed alt the monies then due for or upon the fame annuities• and all arrearages thereof then incurred, the excejs or furplus Jbould-he £fpofeable from time ’to time for the publick ufe and service: and * Ann. c. 5* hy an aft of parliament made in thefixth year of her said late Ma< gftff reign, intituled. An act for railing a further Ibppiy to htt Majesty for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred ittd right, and other ufes, by fale of annuities, charged on t fbod hot exceeding forty thousand pounds per annum, to arifo by appropriating several farplufles, and by granting further fe^ais lit the duties on low wines, and on hawkers, pedlars^ aftd ttetiy chapmen, the ftamp-duties, the one third lubfidy, the troty on fweets, and one of the branches of excife, and by tnaklng other proviSons in this aft mentioned, a certain fund or fityn not exceeding forty tboufand pounds per annum, is charged upon and payable out of allthe overplus or furphts monies of the said rates, duties, fubfidies and fiends, fettledfor payment oj thesaid several annuities, purchqfed upon the feud several afts of the fourth and fifth years of her said hte Mdjepfs reign refpeftively, which should from tifne to time remain, after fetisfying or referving in the Exchequer, fufident to fatisjy fo much as Jhallbe incurred or grown due, from time to time, upon thofe annuities, and every of them, and which by the said aft of the fifth year of her said hte Majejlfs reign, were left 5 Ann. c. i$» to be dijpofea, from time to time, for the publick ufe and service, as aforefaid, ana is alfo charged upon, and payable out of dll the over* plus monies of the rates and duties of excife, granted by an aft of peer -foment made tn the fourth year of the reign of their late majeflies

King



m

4W.&M.c.

% * Ann. c. 5.

4 Ann. c. 6 fi Ann, c. 1

Anno primo<JioRGii I. Stat. a.c. ni [1714^

Khg William and Queen Mary, of glorious memory, intituled, ^ An a&for granting to their Majefties certain rates and duties of excife upon beer, ale, and other liquors, for fecuring certain re-compenfcs and advantages in the said adt mentioned, to fuch' persons as shall voluntarily advance the sum of ten hundred thousand pounds, towards carrying on the war againft Fr/mce, for the term of ninety-nine years, from the five and twentieth day of January one thoufandfix hundred ninety-two, and by that and other alts relating thereunto, made liable to the payment of annuities, with benefit of furvivorjhip, and other annuities charged thereupon; wbief overplus of the rates and duties of excife lafi mentioned, is by the said aft of the sixth year of her said late Majefiy's reign, direfted to be* computed on the twenty fourth day of June yearly: and by the fame aft of the sixth year of her late Majefiy's reign, the aforesaid duties upon low wines, or Jpirits of the firjt extraction, are continued from' the expiration of the said term of ninety fix years before granted therein, for one whole year firm theme next enfuing$ and the said duties payable by hawkers, pedlars, petty chapmen, and others, as aforefaid, are continued from the expiration of the said term of ninety-fix years before granted therein, for the like term of one year front thence next enfuing; and fuch of the duties upon vellum, parchment and paper as are therein mentioned, are continued from the expiration of the said term of ninety-fix years before granted therein, for the like term of one whole year from thence next enfuing 5 and the said fijb-fidy, called the one third fubfidy (which was continued for one ytar^ from the expiration of a term, of ninety-eight years, as aforefaid) if further continued from the expiration of the said one year, forone yeaf more from thence next enfuing; and the said duty upon fweets modi for fait, is \ continued from the expiration of the said term of ninety* nine years formerly granted therein, for the term of two years from thence next enfuing; and the rates and duties of excife lafi mentioned ere continued from the expiration of the said term of ninety-nine years formerly granted therein, for the further term of fifteen years from thence next enfuing; and by the said aft of the sixth year of her late Majefiy's reign, it xpas fnafted and declared. That the find overplus monies of the said rates, duties? fubfidies and funds, fettled for payment of the Jaid several annuities pur chafed upon the feud several afts • of the fourth and fifth years of her said late Majefiys reign re-9* Jpeftivety, and the Jaid overplus monies of the said rates and duties of excife, granted in the said fourth year of their said late Majefiiet reign, and the Several grants made of the said duties upon low wines, or jpirits of toe first extraction, and of the said duties to be paid by hawkers, pedlars and petty chapmen, and of the laid duties upon vellum, parchment and paper, and of the find additional fubfidy, feve-rally, for the further term of one year, as aforefaid, and of the said duties upon fweets for two years, and of tee said particular rates of excife for fij'tecn years, as aforefaid, and other monies therein mentioned, or fo much thereof as should be fujficient for making up the frid jund, not exceeding forty thousand pounds per annum, are anj Jhall be liablf and appropriated thereunto, in order to anftycr the pay->	■	'	'	rmt



1714.] Awjo prlmo GEorgii.L 9tat! 2; c*i£.-	i73

jrrctf (/■ /A/.annuities purchased on that aft for ninety-nine years^ reckoned from the five and twentieth day of March one thousand fe- $ Ann. c. $. ven hundred and eighty payable likewife at the said receipt of Exchequer: and, by the fame aft, of the sixth year of her late Majefy'o reign, it is provided\ "That if at the end of any year of the said term of ninety-nine years, for which the said annuities upon that aft were to be pur chafed (the first computation to. be made at Lady-day one thousand seven hundred and nine, or within fix days after) the monies arijmg at the Exchequer within fuch year , by that aft chargeable to. ' makegood the said yearly fund not exceeding forty thousand pounds (except as therein is excepted) should exceed all the monies which at every fucb feajl-day should be due, for or upon the fame annuities, and all arrearages thereof fo that there should be an excefs or furplus re* maining in the Exchequer, fuch excefs or furplus should be difpofeable* from time to time, for the publick ufe and service, and net otherwise, as by the said several afts of the fourth, fifth and sixth years ofher said late Majefifjs reign (relation being thereunto refpeftively had) may more fully appear; now it is hereby further enabled and de- All the furplu# dared by the authority aforefaid, That all the furplus monies monies of the which, upon any computation or computations to be made afterunui^ the twenty-ninth day of September in the year of our Lord one Jjaf|’bea thousand seven hundred and fifteen, purfuant to the said an- priated for the nuity aft of the sixth year of her late Majesty’s reign, shall from ufes of this time to time, or at any time or times, appear to be or remain a^* in ftic laid receipt of Exchequer, over and above fo much, as ffyall be fufficient to difeharge all monies then incurred and grown due for or upon the said annuities and payments charged thereupon by the said several afts of the fourth, fifth and sixth years of her said late Majesty’s reign, and over and above fo tppcb as purfuant to the true meaning of thofe afts, or any of Acid, is to be referved for payment of any. of the annuities thereupon purchased (which furplus monies were intended by the hid aft of the fixch year of her said late Majesty’s reign, to4 Ann. c. 6. bedifpofed, from time to time, for the publick ufe and service, 5 Ann. c. r*. ?nd not otfierwife) and all the arrears of the said duties and re** * A®0*	&

venues charged with the said annuities and payments by the fame afts of the fourth, fifth and sixth years or her late Ma~ jefty’s reign, which (hail or may arife by virtue of the grants thereof, for the several terms aforefaid, after all the annuities and payments charged thereupon, (hail be expired, determined, and fully difeharged and paid off, shall from time to time be let apart, and the fame are hereby appropriated, and shall be iffued and applied to and for the several ufes and purposes in this present aft declared of and concerning the fame, and to none other ufe, intent or purpofe whatfoever, fubjeft never~ thelefs to fuch redemption as is herein after provided in that behalf.

, YI1L And whereas the duties and revenues contained in the find

afts of the fourth, fifth and sixth years of hersaid late Majesty's reign,	!	»•;

*hereupon, the said furplus or overplus monies are, front time to time,

tp arifi for the ufes and purposes in this aft intended, are temporary,

j	being





*74	.Anao prime Geokoh I. Seat. t. C. [1714,

being granted enfy fur futb terms tf years as are before-mentioned : enm for the better eftablijbing a fore and lajling fund te atfwer all the fold afes and purpefes hereby	, fubjtft nevertheless

redemption as is hereby preftribed: be it further cnafted by the authority aforefaid, That (uch or the like additional fubfidy oft©n-nage and poundage, and other duties commonly called the one The one third third fubfidy, which fay the bid aft of the fourth year of her said fubfidy* Ann. late Majesty’s reign, was granted or continued for the term of for -vertWU*d n*nety-eight yean, from the eighth day of	ne	that!(and

5	Ann. c. 19. i«vcn hundred and fix, and by the said aft of the fifth year of

her find late Majesty’s reign, was continued for one year, to take effeft after the expiration of the bid term of ninety weight

6	Ann. c. 5. years, and by the frid aft of the sixth year of her late Majesty’t

reign was further continued for one year, to take effeft after the expiration of the said term of one year laft before-mentioned, shall after the expiration of the said several terms fo granted therein, have further continuance, and be paid and payable to. Bade* of ex- kit Msjefty, his heirs and fucceflors for ever: and that filth or dfe, 4 Ann. the like rates and duties of excib, which by the said aft of the c. 6.	fourth year of her late Majesty’s reign were granted for the term

of ninety five years, commencing from the feventeenth day of May one thousand {even hundred and thirteen, shall after the expiration of the said term of ninety-five years granted therein, have continuance, aad be alio paid and payable to his Me-jefty, hie heirs and focceftbrs .for ever : and that fuch and the Duties on low like duties upon low wines, or fpsrits of the first extraction, at wines, &c. by the said aft of the fifth year of her late Majesty’s feign were 5 Ann. c. 19. granted and continued for the term of ninety-fix years, from-the 1 Geo. *.	c.16.and	twentieth day. of June one thousand seven hundred

and ten, and by the said aft of the sixth year of her late Mqe-e Ann. c. 5. %'s reign went continued; for one year, to take effeft after the expiration of the-teem of ninety-fix years laft mentioned, shall after the aspiration of the said several terms fo granted therein, have further continuance, and be likewise paid and • .	payable to his Maiefty, hi* heirs and fucceflors for ever: and

hawken^nd ******** *od *««y inch and the like duties and fums of money pedlats,jAnu. be paid by every hawloar, pedlar, petty chapman, and others c. 19.	debribed	in a former aft of parliament for lioenfing hawkers and

$ & 10 W. 3. pedlars, and all the powers for granting fuch licences, which c‘ *7* by the said aft of the fifth year of her late Majesty’s reign were granted for the term of ninety-fix years, from the three apd twentieth day of June one thousand seven hundred and ton, and by the bid aft of the sixth year of her late Majesty’s reign were continued for one year, to take effeft after the expiration of .the term of ninety-fix years laft mentioned, shall after the expiration of the said bveryl terms.fo granted therein, have further continuance, and be alfo paid and payable to his Majesty, his heirs Duties on vet- and. fucceflors for ever: and that foch of the duties upon vellum, lum, &c. parchment and paper, as hy the said aft of the fifth year of her 5 Ann, c. 19. ipte Msjefty’* reign were oonfinned for the fom pf nineey-fia

JWi

*714*1	Anno primo tr£d£Gli I. Stic. i. e. ifc.

*7$

years, from the laft day of July one thou land seven hundred and ten, and by the said act of the (ixth year of her late Majesty** reign were continued for one year, to take efteft after the expiration of the term of ninety-fix years lait mentioned, shall after the expiration of the said several terms'fo granted therein, hare futher continuance, and be paid and payable to his Majesty, hit Duties on heirs and fucceftors for ever: and that the duties upon meets fweets, j Ano. made for fale, which by the find aft of the fifth year of her find c* ’>• fate Majesty's reign were granted for the term of ninety-nine

Ears, from the four and twentieth day of March one thoufiuid ren hundred and fix, and by the (aid aft of the sixth year of her late Majesty’s reign were continued for two years, to take effort after the expiration of the term of ninety-nine years laft mentioned, (hail after the expiration of the said several terms lb granted therein, have further continuance, and be paid and payable to his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflbrs for ever: and that Duties of ex-the ‘feveral rates and duties of excife, which by the said aft of the cife, ♦ 5 W. fourth year of the reign of their late majefties King William and * c. j. Queen Mary, were granted for the term of ninety-nine years, from the five and twentieth day of January one thousand fix hun- $ Ann. c. 5. dred ninety-two, and were by the said aft of the sixth year of her late Majesty’s reign continued for the term of fifteen years, to take effoft after the said ninety-nine years kit mentioned*

(hall, after the expiration of the several terms (b granted therein, have further continuance, and be paid and payable to his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflbrs for ever: and that the said several fobfidies, rates and duties by this aft made perpetnal, as aforefeid, when and as the fame refpeftively shall take eflfeft, by virtue of this aft, shall be raised and levied by fuch rules and methods, and under fuch penalties and forfeitures, and with forch distribution of the fame penalties and forfeitures, and fub-joft to fnch power of mitigation, and with fuch refpeftive drawbacks, allowances and repayments, and in fuch manner and tbfm, as the like duties granted or continued by the said former afts now in being refpeftively are prefcribed, enafted or appointed to be‘raifed or levied.	'

IX.	And it is hereby declared. That where any of the above- ^ ^ mentioned duties now in being, or any proportions thereof, do feid duties extend to that part of Great Britain, called , by virtue of Audi extend* any of the afts which granted the fame, or by virtue of the late Scotland, aftof union, in all fuch cafes the fame refpeftive duties hereby intended to be made perpetual, shall be underftood to extend to Scotland in like manner.

X.	Provided always, and it is hereby enafted. That in all cafes ah farther where any further or other provision or alteration is made by provifiont by any Other aft or afts of parliament now in being, touching or *&*of p*rlia-CttnCeming any the fubfidies, rates or duties, which were grant- p|^#t0 Uk* ad for certain terms, as afordaid, fuch other provisions and *1-	.

aerations shall be obferved and take place, in relation to the like fobfidies, pitas end duties by this aft intended to be made per-

. .a	*

XI.	And

176	Anne primo GEoRGii I. Star. i. c. 12.	[17143

The money to j Xi. And be it enabled by the authority aforefrid. That all the SWT**1* *° arife fey t^ie said fubfidies, rates and duties by this a£fc quer.C XC C" ^de perpetual, as aforefaid, when and as the fame refpe&ive-ly (after the expiration of the refpe&ive terms formerly granted' a$ aforefaid) shall take effect, by virtue of this present a& (did r. , nec^flary charges of raifing the fame excepted) shall bkewifey ’	from time to time, be brought into the laid receipt of Excbe-

quer, for the ufes and purpotes in this a£t exprefied; neverthe-lefs the said duties and revenues hereby made perpetual, and the application thereof to the ufes and purpofei by this i& intended, ftiajl be fubje& and liable to fueh redemption as is herein after prescribed in that behalf.

I & 6 W.&M. XII. And whereat by an a& of parliament made in the fifth year 10*	of the reign of their said late majejlies King William and Queen

Mary, intituled, An a€t for granting to their Majefties feverai rates and duties upon tonnage of (hips and vefTeis, and upon beer, ale, and other liquors, for fecuring certain recompences and advantages in the said a& mentioned, to fuch persons at shall voluntarily advance the.fum of fifteen hundred thousand pounds towards carrying on the war againft France, certain other rates and duties of excife were granted to their Majefties, their heirs and fuccejfors for ever, and the monies arifing thereupon as thereby di-jre&ed to be divided into five seventh partly and two seventh partSy and by virtue of that and other ads in that behalf the said five seventh parts are liable to anfwer the original fund of one hundred thousand pounds per annum to the hid governor and company, and their fuc-cejforsy fubjeft to fuch redemption as is provided for the fame by laws now in force *, and tty said two seventh parts are liable to anjwef tertain annuities for lives charged thereupon, and the said five seventh partSy and two seventh parts have refpeftively produced, and art like So produce yearly more than fufficient to anfwer the said original fundi and all the annuities or payments by any aft or a&s of parliament charged thereupon refpelively ; and the overplus monies lafl mentioned are computable on the first day 0/June yearly; be it furthenen-The overplus aded by the authority aforefaid, That all the overplus monies 6 W*	^ve	feventk	parts*	and two seventh parts, which un-

appropriated on any computation or computations to be duly made, after the for the ufes of said twenty-ninth day of September in the year of our Lord one ,this ad. . thousand leven hundred and fifteen, shall from time to time, of at any time or times, appear to be or remain in the said receipt of Exchequer 5 that is to fay, of the said five seventh parts -(over tand above fo much as shall be fufficient fodifcharge.all the monies then incurred and grown due for or upon the (aid original fund of one hundred thousand pourtds per annum) and of the said two seventh parts (over afid above (b much as shall be fufficient to difeharge all monies then incurred and grown due for the said .annuities or payments charged thereupon, or neceflary to be re-* Jerved for that purpofej and all the monies which shall ar?fe-by the said five seventh parts of the said excife, after redemption of .the (aid original fund of one hundred thousand pounds per amtumf in cafe it shall be redeemed before^all the ufes and pufpofes in-v	intended

tyif} Anno ptiftoGibftGii I. Sot. t. c. 12.	ty?

(coded by this ad (haU be Satisfied, and all the monies which fhaU arife by the tod two seventh parts of the excife, after all the annuities for lives and other payments charged thereupon shall be determined, and fuHy difoharged, shall alfo, from time to tinm be fet apart, and the fame are hereby 'appropriated, and shall from time to time, be iflued and applied to and for the fevcral ofes, intents and purposes in this ad exprefled, and to none other ufe, intent or purpofe whatfoever, fubjed neverthc-le£i to inch- redemption as is hereby preferibed.

JC11L And it is hereby further cnaded by the authority afore- All pubUck faid, That all other publick monies which, from and after the monies not (aid feaft of Saint Michael the archangel in the year of our Lord *PP^nat«d one thouiand seven hundred and fifteen, shall come and be *d to theS^T brought into the said receipt of Exchequer, not being appropri- of thu a&. ated or appointed to any ufe or ufes, by any aft or ads of parliament mode or to he made, and not being monies arifing from any branch.or branches of revenue, appointed or to be appointed for the service of his Majesty’s civil government, or the ex-pences thereunto belonging, shall likewife be fet apart, iflued and applied, to and for the uies and (ervices in and by this prefcnt ad declared and intended, and to no other ufe or purpofe what-ibever*

XIV.	Provided always, and it is hereby enaded and declared Provjfoforthe by the authority aforeiaid, That nothing in this ad Contained toea^Geo°i. mall hinder or obftrud, or be conftrued to hinder or obftrud, the jnaking good any deficiency or deficiencies, which at any time or times shall happen of or in the yearly fund of one hundred and fixteen thouiand five hundred feventy-three pounds twelve shillings, mentioned in an ad of parliament of the first year of his Majesty’s reign, intituled, An act for rtftifying mfiakes in the nsmos of the commijponers for the land-tax for the year one iGeo.i.ftat.i, thousand seven hundred and fourteen; and for ratfing fo much as is c.%> wanting to make up the sum of fourteen hundred thousand pounds, intended to be raised by a lottery for the publick fervite in the said year, but that every fuch deficiency shall and may be made good, and fadafied out of any publick unappropriated monies, as if this ad had never been made * any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XV*. And be it enaded and declared by the authority afore- The fever*! tod. That all the said fubfidies, duties and revenues, which by fubfidies, Set* the (aid ad of the twelfth year of her said late Majesty’s reign, he °,IC were appropriated for paying of interest and allowances relating	tj,c

to the Exchequer-bills, iflued upon that and the said former purpofe* ot ads in that behalf, or towards cancelling the fame, and all ar- this ad. rea» thereof, and the several additional revenues and incomes by '*Anrt- f* tfrt*.a&;granted or continued, for the ufes and purposes hereafter %aJe perpetual in and. by: this ad exprefled or intended, and all furplus monies, Gec/i. arrears, and .other monies whatfoever by this ad direded to be c. s. f. *?. benight into the receipt of Exchequer, or to be let apart or applied Jaor for the tone ufes and purpofes, as aforefaid, and like-wife the overplusanoniej.of the yearly fum of seven hundred .iV<OL*J£IIL	N	^	thoufand

178	Anno	primoGeorgii I. Static. 12.	[1714.

thoufand pounds herein after-mentioned, from time to time a-rifing, are and shall be one general or aggregate fund and fecuri-ty for fatisfying and paying all monies which are, and from time to time shall be incurred and grown due or payable for intereft, after the rates of two pence per centum per diem, and for the Cud allowance of three pounds per centum per annum, for all the Ex-chequer-bills abovementioned, or fiich of them as shall from time to time be uncancelled or undifeharged; and all the monies which are or shall be grown due, from time to time, upon the said fums of forty-five thousand pounds per annum, and eight thousand pounds per annum, for fo long time as thofe yearly fums are to continue or be payable; and for fupplying to his Majesty during his life (which God long preferve) the yearly fum or one hundred and twenty thousand pounds, from the feaft of Saint Michael the archangel in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, by quarterly payments, at the four mod ufual feails of the year, by equal portions, or within ten days after every fuch feaft-day, for the service of his Maje-fty’s houfhold and family, and other his necelfary expences and occafions; and alfo for fupplying the further yearly fum of fifty-four thousand fix hundred pounds for ever, by like quarterly payments, to commence from the said feaft of Saint Michael the archangel in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, in order to raise any fum 6r fums of motley thereupon, not exceeding nine hundred and ten thousand pounds, for publick services, and for making good any fuch deficiencies as shall or may happen, as aforefaid, and likewife for or towards furnilhingthe said yearly fum of two hundred and seventy thousand nine hundred ninety-nine pounds and seven shillings, for paying off and cancelling the said bills, all which is to be done in Rich order, manner and form, as are herein after preferibed: and that fuch of the said fubfidies, duties, revenues, additional ' revenues, furplus monies, remains and arrears, as are already commenced or arifen, and the refidue thereof, as they shall a-rife and take effeeft, shall be and are by this ad appropriated, and ihall be applied thereunto accordingly ; any other ad or ads / of parliament, or other matter or thing whatsoever to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

The allowan- XVI. And it is hereby declared and enaded by the authori-ceaof 3I. per ty aforefaid. That the said allowances, after the rate of three fcalVbcr aid* Pounc*s Per centum per annum, and all arrears thereof, shall from to*the buik time to time be paid and fatisfied at the receipt of Exchequer to weekly. the said governor and company and their fucceffors, weekly, or as foon as the fame can be fatisfied, out of the monies of the said general or aggregate fund arifing by the said dunes and re-yenucs thereof, already commenced, or hereafter to commence, os come in, a? aforefaid, or by any of them, fo as by fuch weekly or other payments, the wnole of the said allowances, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, due to the said governor and company, and their fuccefibrs, at the end of each quarter (reckoning the quarter to terminate at the four mod

6	ufuaJ



T)t4^ Ann6pr!md Georgii I. Star. 2. <?. 12.	179^

uTttalfeafts of the year refpe&ively) be not exceeded$ and that And the id. the commiflioners of the treasury, or any three or more of them, ccnt* Vir or the lord treasurer for the time being, (hall, and they are here-	°f lucl1

by impowered and directed, out of the monies cf the said gene- the treasury raf or aggregate fund, arifing by the laid duties and revenues intruft, by already commenced, or hereafter to commence, or come in, as aforefaid, or by any of them, to ifliie unto fuch person or per- prctt*

Ions, as the laid commiflioners of the treasury, or lord treasurer do or shall think fit to intruft in that behalf, and upon fecurity given or to be given, to the good liking of the (aid commiflioners of the treasury, or lord treafurer, fuch fum and fums of money, by way of impreft, and upon account, from time to time, and by fuch proportions at a time, as the fame commiflioners or1 lord treasurer shall find necelfary for difeharging all the intereft, after the rate of two pence per centum per diem> which is and shall from lime to time be due or demandable upon the said Exchequer-bills made forth upon the ads aforefaid, or any of them, the said interest to be difeharged at fuch time, and in fuch manner and form, as by the said former ads, or any of them, were preferibed in that behalf. «

XVII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. After fatisfy-That after paying or referving fufficient to pay or fatisfv, from	then

time to time, fo much as is or shall be grown due or demand- 45>0ool. able for the said allowance of three pounds per centum per annumy and 80001. and interest of two pence per centum per diem, then the monies per ann. to be vfhSch are or lhall, from time to time, be grown due to the said £"4 t0 “• governor and company, and their fucceiiors, upon their said Dan * other allowances of forty-five thousand pounds per annum, and eight thousand pounds per annum, during fo long time as thofe allowances are to .continue, as aforefaid, shall quarterly at the refpedive days and times before appointed for payment thereof, be paid and latisficd to the said governor and company, and their fucceflors, at the receipt of the Exchequer, weekly, or as foon as the fame can be fatisfied,jout of the monies of the said general or aggregate fund, arifing or to arife by the said duties and revenues already commenced, or hereafter to commence or come in, as aforefaid, fo as by fuch weekly or other payments, the fums to be due to the said governor and company, or their fuc-ctflors, upon their allowances lgft mentioned, at the end of each quarterly day of payment thereof, be not exceeded.

XVffl. And it is hereby enacted. That after paying or ffc- After that the fcrving fiifficient to pay and fatisfy, from time to time, to much yearly fum of as Is or shall be grown due or demandable for the said allow-	the

since of three pounds per centum per annum, and interest of two pence per centum per diem, and the said allowances of forty-five tfrot&nd pounds per annum, and eight thousand pounds per an-num\ then the said yearly fum of one hundred and twenty thou-fand founds for the service of his Majesty’s houihold ana fatni-

Srf and other his neceflary expences and occafions, shall grow ue and be payable to his Majesty quarterly, from the said feaft of Saint Michael the archangel in the year of our Lord one thou-

N %	land



18a	Anno	primo	Georgii 1. Stat 2. c. £[1714^

find seven hundred and fifteen, at theTour moftufual feafts In the year, by equal portions, during his Majesty’s natural life, as aforefaid, out of the monies of the said general 6r aggregate fund, arifing or to arife by the said duties or revenues already commenced, or hereafter to come in, as aforesaid * and that the commiifioners of his Majesty’s treasury, or lord treafbrer* and under-treafurer of the Exchequer, for the time being, shall and may, and they are hereby authorized and required to caufa the said yearly-fum of one hundred and twenty thousand pounds to be iffued and applied, weekly, or as foon as the fame can be fatisfied« in the order and courle aforefaid, for the fame services, out of the said monies of the said general or aggregate fund, or ahy of them, fo as by fuch weekly or other payments, the sum of thirty thousand pounds to be due thereupon at the end of eich quarter be not exceeded.

Aftertbat, the XlX. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, yCa^y)fUS^lf ^at *6** Paying or referving fufficient to pay and fatisfy, from &fet°apart to t^fne t0 time, fo much as is or shall be grown due or dernand-anfwer the able for the said allowance of three pounds per centum per annum, perpetual an- atid tht interest of two pence per centum per diem, and the laid nuitics. allowances of forty-five thousand pofttnds per annum, and eight thousand pounds per annum, and for or upon the said fum of one huhdred and twenty thousand pounds per annum, then the said fum of fifty-four thousand fix hundred pounds per annum, from the feaft of Saint Michael the archangel in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, for ever* shall at the said four ufual feafts in the year, by equal portions, without any deduftion or abatement* be feparated and fet apart in the said receipt of Exchequer, out of the monies of the lasi general or aggregate fund, arifing and to arife by the said duties or revenues already commenced, or hereafter to come in, as aforefaid, and (hall* from time to time, be iflued and applied to anfwer and fatisfy fuch perpetual annuities as shall be pur-chafed thereupon, after the rate of fix pounds per centum per annum, fubjeft neverthelefs to redemption by parliament, according to the true intent and meaning of fuch aft or afts of parliament, as is, are, or shall be parted, for raifing thereupon any fum or fums of money not exceeding the said Turn of nine hundred and ten thousand pounds, for the service of the publick.

The feveral	XX. And it is hereby declared to be the true intent and

preferences. meaning of this aft, That the said allowance after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, and the said payments for intereft, shall from time to time take place, and be preferred in point of payment, out of the said general or aggregate fund hereby eftablimed, before the said yearly fums of forty-five thousand and eight thousand pounds, or either of them; and that the said yearly fums of forty-five thousand pounds, and eight thousand pounds, shall from time to time take place, and be preferred in point of payment, before the said yearly fum of one hundred and twenty thousand pounds; and that the said yearly

fum



1714*] Anno primo Georgii I. Stat. 2. C. 12.	?8i

Aim bf one hundred and twenty thousand pounds shall from time to time take place, and be preferred in point of payment, out of the (aid general fond, before the said yearly fum of fifty-four thousand fix hundred pounds; and that the said yearly fum of fifty-four thousand fix hundred pounds shall from time to time take place, and be preferred before any films herein, after, mentioned, for making good deficiencies (when any fuch Stall happen) of or in other funds of the said governor ana com* pany, and before the yearly fum herein after mentioned, for cancelling and difeharging the said Exchequer-bills.

XXI.	Provided always, and be it enaded by the authority How the defi-afordaid, That after paying or referring fufficient to pay and ciencies shall (atisfy, from time to time, fo much as is or shall be grown due he made good, or dependable for the said allowance of three pounds per centum

per annum9 and intcreft of two pence per centum per diem9 and the laid allowances of forty-five thousand pounds per annum9 and eight thousand pounds per annum, and for and upon the (aid yearly Aims of one hundred and twenty thousand pounds,	*

per amtum9 and fifty-four thousand fix hundred pounds per anmun^ then the said deficiency and deficiencies for making good the .payments, to be froth time to time incurred and growr> due, for or upon the said yearly Aims of one hundred thousand pounds, and one hundred and fix thousand five hundred and osie pounds thirteen shillings and five pence, and either of them (when and as often as any fuch shall happen) shall from time to time be fatisfied and anfwered out of the monies of the said general or aggregate fund, arifing or to arife by the said duties or reventies already commenced, or hereafter to come in, a9 albre&id; and the commissioners of the treasury, or the lord treafitrer, and under-treafurer of the Exchequer for the time being, are hereby authorized and required to caufe every fuch deficiency or deficiencies fo happening, to be fatisfied and paid accordingly, with preference to any iflues then to be made for cancelling the said bills, which deficiencies (if any fuch be) shall be annually computed at the Exchequer, from the produce of the (aid refpedhre revenues there (to wit) the deficiency of the (aid original fund on the first day of June yearly, and the deficiency of the annuity laft mentioned at Michaelmas yearly.

XXII.	Provided also, and it is hereby enaded, That after How the prepaying or referving fufficient to pay and fatisfy, from time to cj^mo.J,ey ^ time, fo much as is or shall be grovfn due or demandable for *** r ^rnffhaU the find allowance of three pounds per centum per annum9 and in- paid off. tereft of two pence per centum per diem, and the said fums of forty-five thousand pounds per annum 9 eight thousand pounds

per annum, one hundred and twenty thousand pounds per annum, and fifty-four thousand fix hundred pounds per annum, and fo much as shall be demandable by virtue of this ad, to make gqod fuch deficiency and deficiencies, as aforefaid, (all which are always to be preferred, as aforefaid) then the said full and entire yearly fum of two hundred and seventy thousand nine hundred ninety-nine pounds (even shillings, or 10 much thereof,

N 3	as

L	)Qle

ifa	Appopumo	Georgii	L	Stat, a. c. [1714^

as the remainder of the monies of the Cud general or aggregate fund, arifing or to arife by the said duties or revenvw ahcady commenced, or hereafter to come in, as aforefaid, fl|all from time to time produce for that purpofe, lhall be, and is by this aft appropriated for paying off all the principal money captained m all and every the laid Exchequer-bills made forth upon the afts aforefaid, or any of them, and for cancelling the fanfe until all the said bills lhall be difchareed and camelled, shall be iflued and applied to and/for that ufe and purpofe, in fuch manner as the commiflioners of the treasury, or lord tretr furer for the time being, lhall from time to time dir^ft and appoint in that behalf $ and that the ifiues thereof lhall be jnnde quarterly, or oftner, fo as by the payments within any the fourth part of the yearly uun laJfc mentioned for that quarter, be not exceeded.	*

Overplus of XXIII. Provided also, and it is hereby eaaftpd by the WH y,ca" thority aforefaid, That in cafe the produce of the said general or Enment.ypar" aggregate fund, to arife by all or any the fubfidies, dutfes jnd revenues hereby appropriated for all the purposes afprefeid* IhaU at the end of any year, reckoning from the said feaft pf S$j&t Michael the archangel in the year of our Lord oi^e^bQI|fand seven hundred and fifteen, exceed all the money due at kthe cad of every fuch year for all the purposes aforefaid, fo lhall be an excefs or furplus of the said general fund, fuch cefs or furplus lhall be difpofable, from time to tijnp, /orkthe publick ule and service by authority of parliament and pot otherwife; any thing herein, or in any other aft or afts ofpsr-r liament contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

Deficiency to XXIV. Provided also, and it is hereby en^ftqd by tbft&U? be made good thprity aforefaid, That in cafe the produce of the fajd gflBctal or by parliament. aggregate fund, to arife by all or any the fubfidfef*. oufieewd revenues hereby appropriated for all joe purposes sforcfeU,lfeall at any time or times appear to be lo deficient, that within-anf one year, reckoning from the said feaft of Saint AfiriwltkA archangel in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, the fame lhall not be fufiicient to anfw^r andfetisfy the said several and refpeftive purposes to which,th® femr.il hereby intended to be applied, Then and in every fuch cafe* and as often as any fuch deficiency of the said general fpnd (ball happen, the fame lhall be provided for, anfwered, aud msufe _ •. f good by and out of the next aids to be granted ip parliament, foo^000? for	XXV. Provided also, and it is hereby en^fted by the aptkor

the civil lift, rlty aforefaid. That if the revenues fettjed or appointed for the lhall be part of service of his Majesty’s houfhold, and of the hoqpqr.aqd dig'? the aggregate nity Qf h;s crown, by the late aft of parliament of the first year * °f ^ajefty’s reign, intituled. An a8 for the Utter fuppArt if his Majefly s boufbolf and of the honour and dignity of the .cre&m.tf Great Britain, together with the said additional revoke of 009 ,	hundred	and	twenty	thoufand	pounds per annum, infejufed by

this aft to be fupplied, as aforefaid, lhall from the find,fca$-of Saint Michael the archangel in the year of our Lofd 909 r ....................................  ‘	land



1714.7 Ahrto primoGfe&RGii I.Stat. a. c. ia.	ifj

ted (even hundred and fifteen, at any time during his Majesty’s hfis, produce in clear money more than the yearly fum of seven hundred thoofand pounds, that then the overplus of fuch produce (being more than the laid yearly fum df seven hundred tbouuad pounds) shall go to, and be deemed and taken to be part of the general or-aggregate fund by this adt intended to bfe oftabiiftied for the feVeral purposes aforefaid, and be appropriated, iflfaed and applied accordingly, till all die hid Exchequer bills shall be paid tiff and cancelled; and from and after the can-celling and difcharging of all the said Exchequer-bills, then the laid overplus which from thenceforth shall arife, exceeding the find yearly fum of seven hundred thousand pounds, shall not be iflued, difpufed, made ufeof, or applied to any ufe or purpofe, or upon any pretext whatfbever, without the authority of par-lament; and that all grants and difpofitions whatfoever here- fteh^oveSlsiL after to be made by his Majesty of fuch overplus, or any part without au-thereof, from time to time, without authority of parliament, thority of parted! be utterly void and of none effect; and the grantees, of lament, void, ocher perions to whom fuch grants or difpofitions, or any of them, shall be made of (hch overplus, or any part thereof, shall be'adjudged uncapable in law to take, hold, keep, detain, or enjoy the fame; any law, cuftom or ufage to the contrary not-whhftanding.

XXVI.	Provided atfb, and it is hereby enadted by the au- Deficiency to thority aforefaid, That if the said revenues fettled or appointed be,n>?fllf g0<*J for; the fervitt of his Majesty’s houfhold, and of the honour and jjj,° dignity of the crown, by the said aft of the first year of his Ma- ftat. 1. c. ».* jetty’s reign, and the (aid additional revenue of one hundred

and twenty thousand pounds per	annum, taken together, (hall

at the end Of any year fucceffively- during his Majesty’s Hfe, radtoHine the first year front the said feaft of Saint Michael die	!

flsebaugri In the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred tedffifteen, appear to have produced in clear money, lefs than ttofoid foai of seven hundred thousand pounds for that year re» fpudtWely, then and in every fuch eafe, as often as any fuch deficiency shall happen, the fame shall be provided for, an-fvtetvd, and made good by and out of the next aids to be granted in'parliament.

XXVII.	And h is hereby enadted, That the fom of feventy- 77,6941.11.7(1. (Web- thousand fix hundred ninety-four pounds one (hilling and 5n th?3x<*e‘ (even-pence, of pobhek unappropriated monies, which was ?“ne ** brought into the said receipt of Exchequer before the twelfth day fadi be ap-

0f yum one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, and now re- plied to de-meitling there, be applied towards defraying his Majesty’s ex-mubdhMry expeftces relating to the civil government, from the Mic“* time of his accefiion to the throne, until the said feaft of Saint 17 *' JMMtfof the archangel in the year of our Lord one thousand fe-v«H ttondred and fifteen.

XXVHI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. All thepow-That the faid! former adts above-recited or mentioned, and er**n th*re* every-of than, and all the powers, authorities, privileges,

N 4	vantages	during this

aft.



184	.Anno	prtt*oGBo£Qll L St*t-rt.

vantages and exemptions, and all rules, direftireratalfreoeptg,

and all pains of death, and other penalties and forfeiture, cl/uifes, matters and things, in them or any of than itontainrd

3(being now in force) touching or concerning the (aid E«te> tier-bills, iflued as aforefaid, or the circulating or exchanging le laid bills, or any of them, or touching or concerning any the fubfidies, duties, or funds in the Aid a As, or any of them mentioned, or any way relating thereunto (fuch alterations as are therein made by this aft only excepted) mall continue, and be ufed, exercifcd, inflifted, raifed* levied, applied, and ptn in praftice and execution, in relation to all and every the laid Exchequer-bills, and in relation to the fubfidies, duties, and funds fettled by this and the said former afts, as fully as if tbefud .powers, authorities, privileges, advantages, exemptions, rules, direftions, precepts, pains of death, and other penalties and forfeitures, claufes, matters and things (except as afordasd) were repeated and again enafted in the body of this prefcataftt and that the said governor and company, or any the members thereof, shall not incur any difability for or by reafon of their doing any matter or thing in purfuance of this aft.

The bank e- XxIX. And it is hereby enafted and declared. That the gp-ftabliibed. vemor and company of tne bank of England, and their fuccet-fors, shall continue a corporation, with all the powers, priri* leges and advantages thereunto belonging, until all the (aid Ex* chequer-bills, i(Tued by virtue of the said afts, or any of tfccu4 shall be difeharged ana cancelled, notwithstanding the redemption of their other funds, in purfuance of the afts by which the fame are eftablifhed, or any of them; any thing in this or the said other afts contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

When the ag- XXX. Provided always, and it is hereby further enafted fey j^fttefumT the authority aforefaid, That from and after the complete pay* ftoed^robere- *nS 0^anc* difehargingall the principal and interest which&a& deemed by be due upon all the laid Exchequer-bills, iflued :as aforeflud, parliament, jind cancelling the fame, and full payment made of aH surer* ages (if any shall be then due) as well for and upon tjic said d* Jowance after the rate of three pounds per untum per and for and upon the said yearly Turns of forty-fite thousand pounds, eight thousand pounds, one hundred and twenty thou* (and pounds, and fifty-four thousand fix hundred pounds, and every of them, as alfo of fuch deficiency or deficiencies as (ball then appear to be un(atis(ied (if any fuch be) for or upon the said original fund of one hundred tnoufand pounds par anmm, and for and upon the said annuity of one hundred ami fix thou* fand five hundred and one pounds thirteen shillings and fire pence per annum, then, and not till then, the said general at aggregate fund by this aft eftablifhed, or intended to beeftab-Jimed, for the several purposes aforefaid, and the said fubfidies, duties and revenues, contained of to be contained therein, and every of them, shall -be underftood to be redeemed by pariia-ment, and shall not be blued, paid or applied, to any ufe, indent or purpofc whatfoever, without the authority of parliament,

other

L,ooQle

•r Anno pririto Georoh I.vStnt a. c. 12.

**5

other thanand except the said duties called, the two thirds of a fubfidy of tonnage and poundage upon goods and merchandizes imported, and other than and except the said duties upon Exception, coffee, cocoa-nuts, chocolate, cocoa-pafte, tea, nutmegs, cinnamon, cloves, mace, piltures and muflins, and other than and except the (aid increased duties upon coffee, cocoa-nuts, chocolate, cocoa-pafte, tea, nutmegs, cinnamon^ cloves, mace and pi&nres, and other than and except the laid farther rates and duties upon all white callicoes, porcelan called china ware, and drugs; all which said fubfidies and duties fo excepted, are intended to be continued, and are hereby enaltcd to be continued, for anfwering and paying out of the fame all the payments which shall after fuch redemption grow due for and upon the (aid yearly him of one hundred and twenty thouland pounds, by quarterly payments, for the service of his Majesty’s houlhold and family, and other his neceflary occafions, during his Majesty’s life, and alfo for anfwering and paying out of the fame excepted fubfidies, and other duties, all the payments wbiehihall after fuch redemption grow due for or upon the said yearly fum of fifty-four thousand fix hundred pounds, for payment of the said annuities to be purchafed, as aforefaid, which annuities are to continue for ever, unlefs the fame be redeemed by parliament, according to, the tenor and true meaning of the said other aft or alts of parliament pafled or to be pa(Ted in that behalf; and the said excepted fubfidies and duties fo to be continued for anfwering the payments of the said yearly fums of one hundred and twenty thousand pounds, and fifty-four thousand fix hundred pounds, or fo much thereof as {hall be fufficient to pay the lame, are and shall be appropriated, iiTued, and apr plied thereunto, during the continuance of the fame yearly fums refpe&ivdy; any thing herein contained to the contrary not-wiibftanding.

XXXI. And it is hereby declared to be the true intent and Thitfundmay meaning* pf this alt. That the said general fund by this alt be redeemed eftaMilhed for the several purposes aforefaid, and all the faid	^he

fubfidies, duties and revenues comprehended, or intended to originafbaak be comprehended therein (except before excepted) may be rer fund, deemed in the manner and form prescribed in and by tne forer going provifo and condition, without redeeming the said original fund of one hundred thousand pounds per annum of the (aid governor and company, or their said annuity of one hundred and fix thousand five hundred and one pounds thirteen (billings and five pence per annum, which original fund and annuity refpeltively shall and may be redeemed upon fuch notices, and in fuch manner and form, and upon fuch terms and conditions, as are prefcribed by the refpeltive alts of parliament now in force concerning the lame, and not otherwife; any thing herein contained to the contrary in any wife notwith-fta

. Provided also, and it is hereby enaltcd, That from Afterredemj^ sad after tjie redemption of the said original fund of one hun<- tionoftheori-

dredS*malfund>





1*6

See. bonk to ceafe.

Deficiency on the bop act to be made good.

5 Ann. c. 4.

CUrofe for fa-tisfying an ar-rear for work, See. at Bier.* beim, whilft carried on at the expence of her late

ii Ann. ftati. c. u»

Annaprimb Ciwronl. Sttt.a. c.tz:	[1714.

dred thousand pounds pit* Annum, and of the fold annuity of owe hundred dnd fix thousand five hundred and one pounds thirteen shillings and five pence p/r annum, and'from and after redemption shall lilcewife be made of the general fund eftabiifbed by this a<5t for the several purposes aforefaid, {except before Tit* lepted) then, and not till then, the feid cdi^oratton ofJthe'gfc. vemor and company of the bank of England shall ccafe and determine ; but till then the (aid governor and company fhaU continue a corporation, and shall have and enjoy all the ptrfrM and privileges they are entitled to, as aforefaid.

XXXIIL Provided also, and it is hereby enabled. That (b much of the sum of one hundred and eighty thousand pounds, 'which was borrowed on the said former a&, which laid a duty on hope for four years, and the interest thereof, as is deficient and remains unpaid, shall be fatisfied out of the said futft> dot exceeding nine hundred and ten thousand pounds, to be raufed as aforefaid.

XXXIV.	And whereas in and by an aft of parliament pajftd in the fifth year of her late Majefly's reign, intituled, An adt for lets. tling upon John duke of Marlborough, and his pofterity, a pen-fion of five thousand pounds per annum, for the mors honourable (bpport of their d'gnities, in like manner as his honours and dignities, and the honour and manor of Woodfioch, and boufe of Blenheim, are already limited and fettled, amorigft Other recitals therein, it was recited. That her Majefly was grokotfy pleafed, at her own expence, to ereft the houfe of Blenheim, 4t i monument of the glorious aftions of the said duke: and whereae otfi the building of the Jmfe of Blenheim, and making tbegardem and other conveniences thereunto belonging, were begun and carried on cueordhtgfy, at the expence of her said late Majeflys until the works thereof ceafed >, the charge of which said building .mid works, fa far as the fame were carried on (except the debts remaining unfatisfied to artificers and others) was born by her Majefly 'but of the revenues which were appointed for the ufes of her cMl government t mid whereas by an aft of parliament made and pajfed in the twelfth-year of the reign of her said late Majfly, Jhe was enabled to raise five hundred thousand pounds on the revenues appointed for the ufes of her civil government, to be applied for or towards the payment of flub debts and arrears owing to her fervants, tradefmeri, and ethers, as are therein mentioned \ by which aft it was provided and enacted. That the said fum of five hundred thousand pounds fbould be applied and difaofed in aid of the revenues or branches which were appointed for fupport of her Majefly's houfaold, and of the honour and dignity of the crown, -for or towards 'the paying and difcharging fitch arrears and debts, as aforesaid : Neverthelefs for the clearing of anpdoUtk that may arifi, whether the debts which incurred arid became due, and now remain unfatisfied to artificers and others\ for work pen-farmed and materials delivered, for or upon account of the building and works aforefaid, whilfl the fame were carried on, as aforefaid, ought to be paid and fatisfied by and out of the arrears of her Ma~ ieflfs fetid revenues, due at the time of her demifa, and the monies '	now



1714*) Ann* priwp Gequgh LStat. t. e. ij,	1S7

new remaining of the Jumiy.fi* laft above recited aft	to	’	<

be	raffed; it is hereby declared. That all the debts which were

a&oally incurred and grown due, and now remain unfatisfied

to artificers. and others, for work performed, and ^materials de*

livergd foror upon account of the said building, and other

works at Blenheim, ■ on or before the first day of in. the year

of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twelve (when her

M^tfty fofocaufed the payments on account of the said builds

ing^to be Hopped) ought to be, and the lame are hereby accord*

iogly directed and enabled to be paid out of the monies, now "

retraining of the aforesaid fum by the laft recited aft authorised

to be railed, and out of the arrears oft he laid revenues granted

to .her Majesty. for the ufes of her civil government, as afore*

fsu4* due at the tune of her demife, in nich and the like man*

nor, and by. foch proportions only, as other her Majesty’s

debts are or ought to be paid and fstisfied.

CAP: XIII.

A» afl fur tie further fecurky of his	and

government, and the	jucceJJi'on of the crown in the heirs	of

The late	PrincefsSophia, being protejiants; and for ex-

fhtgui/hing the hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, and bis open and Secret abettors.

TjjfTHEREAS^r an aft made in tie twelfth year of the reign of Rearing i* Sc W his latemajtjiy King William, of glorious and immortal 13 W. 3. c.». memory, intituled. An act for the further limitation of the crown', and better fecuring the rights and liberties of the fubjefl; it urns	eXafted,That the crown and regal government of the kingdoms

^"England, France, and Ireland, ana the dominions thereunto -waging, With the royal ftate and dignity of the said realms, and all ' hmuutri, jfiles,titles, regalities, prerogatives, powers, jtttifdiftions and authorities, to the fame belonging and appertaining, after ctafe of bis faid	Majesty, and of the princefs	Anne of Denmark,

aid in default of ijue of the said princefs Ahne Denmark, and of hisJetid	Majestyrejpeftively,	Jbmld be, remain, and continue to

the moft	excellent princefs Sophia, eleftorefs and dut chefs dowager if

Hanover,’ daughter rf the moft excellent princefs Elizabeth, lata JhMH efBohemia, daughter of our late favereign lord King James tSe Fbeft, and the heirs of the body of the said princefs Sophia, being pnoajtants:and whereas alfi an aft was made in England in the ij&is W. j. thirteenth and faurteenth years of the reign of the said King Wil- c. 6. ham, intituled. An act for the further fecurity of his Majesty’s perfbn, and -the fucceffion of the crown in the proteftant line, pnd for extinguiftiing the hopes of the pretended prince of Waits, and all other pretenders, and their open and fecret abettors, whereby, among other things, it was provided. That all and every person and petfons, mentioned in the said laft rented aft, Jbould take the oath therein mentioned, and fabfe in the manner, at the times and plates, and under the pains and penalties therein eupreffad? and upon the demife of bis late majesty King William;

there



188	Anno prime Georcii L Scat s, c. 13.	[1714^

1 Ann. ftat. 1 . there was another off made in the firjtyear of her late majesty Queen c. 22m	Anne, intituled, An act to declare the alteration* in the oath

appointed to be taken by the ad, intituled, An act for the further iecurhy of his Majesty’s perfon, said the fucceffion of the crown in the proteftant line; and for extinguifhing the hopes of the pretended prince of Walks, and all other pretenders, and their open and fecret abettors ; and for declaring the aflodation to be determined; and for the fame end there woe another ait pajfed in the fourth year of her fold late majejly Queen Anne, inti-4 Ann, c. t. tuled9 An act for the better fecurity of her Majesty’s perfqn and government, and of the fucceffion to the crown of England in the proteftant line: and whereas by the treaty of union, and feeoni article thereof \ it is provided, That the fuccejfion to the monarchy ef the united kingdom of Great Britain, and of the dominions thereunto belonging, after her feud late mojl facredmajejly Queen Anne, and in default of ijfue of her said Mayejiy, Jbouldbe, remain, and continue to the mojl excellent princefs Sophia, elettorefs and dutchefs dowager ef Hanover and the. heirs of her body, being protefants, upon whom the crown of England flood fettled by the aferefeud aH, made in England in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majejly at & ij W. 3. King William ; purfuant to which treaty andjlate of union, there c« »•	were fundry aits made in the reign of her said late majejly Queen

Anne, for taking certain oaths and declarations for fecurity her Majejly* s person and government, and fettling the crown in the pr$-tejiant line: and whereas the /'aid pretended prince of Wales hath , yfumed the JHle and title of James the Third, King of England, Scotland and Ireland, in open defiance of the provifeons made for the ejlabtijhment of the tit le and fuccejfion of the crown by the said aits of parliament, on which said ails the feajety of your Majejly*s royal person and government, the continuance of the monarchy of Great Britainv the preservation of the protejlant religion, the maintenance of the churches 0/*England and Scotland, as by law ejlablijbed, the fecurity of the ancient and undoubted rights and liberties, and the future peace and tranquillity of this kingdom do (under God) entirely depend: and whereas the said pretended prince of Wales, fence the de-jnjfie of the late Queen, in prejudice of your Majeftfs juft right and • title to the imperial crown of ihefe realms, has continued to affiant the said name and title of James the Thirds King of England, Scotland and Ireland, in mamfeft violation of your Majejly* s moft lawful and rightful title to the crown, and of the alls and treaty above-mentioned, made for fettling, and furtherfecurity of tie fame, and for extisb gui/htng the hopes of him the Jaii pretender, and of all other pretenders, and their open dnd hcjret abettors: and whereas alfo several wicled and evil-minded ptrfons have, even fence your Majeftfs happy acccffeon to the throne, in riotous, /editions, ana treafsnaile manner, taken upon them to give to the fend pretended prince of Wales the aforesaid name and title : to the intent therefore the find afts may be fer ever inviolably preferued, and that all future queftions and ctivi-fions, by rcafon of any pretended titles to the crown, may be prevented, %we year Majejly s moft dutiful and loyal fubjefts, the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons, in this present parliament ajfembled, do humbly

I y 14.]	Anno primo Gborgii I.	Stat. 2; c. 13;	189

kfeeehyour mojt excellent Majejly, that it may be enafledyAHv&cm? and ‘be k enacted bythe King’s moll excellent majefty, by. and civil mui-with the advice and confcnt of the lords fpiritual and temporaltary* and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by au-tbority of the fame. That all and every perfort and persons, as well peers as commoners, that shall bear any office or offices, civil or military, or shall receive any pay, falary, fee or wages, by rcafon of any patent or grant from his Majesty, or shall have command or place of truft from or under his Majesty, or from any of bis Majesty’s prcdeceffors, or by his, her, or their authority, or by authority derived from him, her, or them, within Great Britain, or in his Majesty’s naVy, or in the several islands in Griat Brief jfer/ey and Guemfey, or shall be of the houfhold, or in the tain» *c* service or imployment of his Majesty, or of his .royal highnefs George prince of Wales, or her royal highnefs the princefs of Wales, or their iffue, and all ecclefiaftical persons, heads or go- *11 eedefiafti-vemors, of what denomination foever, and all other members Perfo0f» of colleges and balls in any univerfity, that are or shall be of&c* the foundation, or that do or shall enjoy any exhibition, (being of the age of eighteen years) and all persons teaching or reading to pupils in any univerfity, or elfewhere, and all fcnoolmafters all fchool-and ufhers, and ail preachers and teachers of feparate congre-	^

gations, all conftables, and every person that shall adl as a fer- j**	*

jearit at law, counfellor at law, barrifter, advocate, attorney, 1 /©Heitor, writer in Scotland, prodtor, clerk, or notary, by prac-tifing in any manner as fuch in any court whatfoever, who shall inhabit, refide, or be within the cities of London or Wejlminjler, refidingwithin or within thirty miles distant from the fame, on the first day of 3° mile$ of Mubaetmas term next, at any time during the said term, mall perfonally appear before the end of the said term in his Majesty’s lowing oaths court of chancery, king's-bench^ common pleas or Exchequer, in one of the and there, in publick and open court, between the hours of courts at Weft-nine of the clock and twelve in the forenoon, take the oaths 2jn?cr#. herein after mentioned; that is to fay,	**Lrgtdby

1 Geo. %. ftat*

I A. B. do Jthcerely promife and Jwear, That I will be faithful, *• c. 13. and bear true allegiance to bis majejly King George.	Thc oatlu*

So help me God.

I A. B. do Jwear, that I do from my htart abhor, deteji and abjure, as impious and heretical, that damnable doflrine and pofi-tm, That princes excommunicated or deprived by ibt Pope, or any authority of the fee of Rome, mhy be depofid or murthered by their fubje&s, or any other whatfoever. And / do declare, that no fo-reign print e,j>erfon y prelate, fate or potentate, hath or ought to have any jurifdi&ion, pbwer, Juperiority, pre-eminence or authority, ecclefia/fical or fpiritual, within this realm.

So help me God.

1	-	I	A.	B.

Vp*	AnnoprimoGEbRcii	I*	Stat.2.	c.i£.	£1714;

I A. B. do truly and fincerely acknowledge, prof eft, teftify and declare, in my confcience, before God and the world, Thai okf fovere'tgn Lord King George /V lawful and rightful King of this realm, and all other bis Majtfly's dominions and countries thereunto belongings And I do folemnly and fincerely declare. That I do believe in my confcience, that the person pretended to be prime ^ Wales, during the life of the late King James, and finte his decedfe pro-tending to be, and taking upon himfelf the file and title of King of England, by the name of Tames the Third, or of Scotlandy by the nme$f]*mcs the Eighth, or the file and title of Kirlgof Great Britain, hath not any right or title whatfoever to the crown of ibis realtn, or any other the dominions thereunto belonging; ana I do renounce, refufe, and abjure any allegiance or obedience to him. And I do fwear, That / will bear faith and true allegiance to his tnajefty King George, and him will defend to the utmof of my power, againfl all traiterous confpirades and attempts whatfoever, which fhatt be made againfi bis perfon, crown or dignity, And twill do my utmof endeavour to dxfclofe and make known to his Mdjefiy, and his fucceffors, all treafons and traiterous confpirades which I jball know to be againf him, or any of them. And 1 do faithfully protnife, to the utmof of my power to fupport, maintain and defend the fucceffion of the crown againfi him the said James, and all other persons what-t* &13 W. 3 -fever, which Jwuffon, by an aft, intituled. An a<£t for the further ** a#	limitation	of	the crown, and better fecuring the rights and li-

berties of the fubjed, is and /lands limited to the princefs Sophia,

1	eleftorefs	and	dutchefs dowager of Hanover, and the heirs of her bad),

being proteflants. AndaUthefe things I do plainly and fincerely acknowledge and fwear, according to thefe rxprefs wordi by me fpoien, and according to the plain and common Jenfe and underfianding of the fame words, without any equivocation, mental evafion, or fecret refervation whatfoever: And I do make this recognition, acknowledgment, renunciation and protnife, heartily, willingly and truly, upon the true faith of a chrifiian.

>	Sq help me God, ,

And fubferibe the feme*

Or in the quarter-fcf-lions for the county. See. where they refide.

Unta which oaths fo taken, every fuch person fo taking the fame, shall fubferibe his name, or if he cannot write, Audi make hi* mark, and during the time of taking the said oaths, all pleas and proceedings in the said refpedive courts ihall ccafe; and all and every the said refpeftive persons and officers, not having taken the laid oaths, and fubferibed the feme, as afbrefaid, shall on or before the twenty-third day of January next, at the general or quarter-feflions for that countjr, riding, liberty, city, borough, town corporate or place, where he or they shall be, inhabit or refide on the first day of Deeember n«tt, take the said oaths in open court, between the (aid hours of nine and twelve of the clock in the forenoon, and fubferibe his name, or if he cannot write* make his mark under (he fame.

1714*} Annoprimo Glaixm I. St*La»	Qt

II.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, All perfon* That all and every person and perfoos that shall be admitted, ,b^f entred, placed or taken,, into any office, or offices, civil or mi.- ^,, litaty, or shall receive any pay, (alary, fee or wages, by reafon lhalT bead-of any patent or grant from his Majesty, or shall have com- mined into mand or place of.truft from or under his Majesty, or by his.au- °®“»**** thority, of by authority derived from him, within that part <rfthree'montb» Gnat Britain called England, or in his Majesty’s navy, or in the take the fame several islands of Jerfey and GuemJej, or that shall be admitted oath at Weft-into any service or imployment in his Majesty’s houfhold or fa- or fef-mily, or of his royal highnefs George prince oifValet, or of her ° where royal highnefs the princeis of Wales, or their iffiie, and all ec- they refide. defiaftical persons, heads or governors, of what denominations

ioever, and all other members of colleges and halls in any university, that are or shall be of the foundation, or that do or shall enjoy any exhibition, being of, or as foon as they shall attain the age of eighteen years, and all persons teaching or reading to pupils in any uoiverfity, or elfewhere, and all fchoof-maftert and ulhers, and all preachers and teachers of feparate. congregations, high or chief conftables, and every person who shall aft as a ferjeant at law, cbunfellor at law, parrifter, advocate, attorney, folicitor, proftor, clerk or notary, by prac- : tiling in any manner as fuch in any court or courts wbatfoever. within that part of Great Britain called	,	who	(hall,	at

any time after the tenth day of Anguft one thousand seven hun-	-	,

died aod fifteen, be admitted into, or enter upon any. of the before-mentioned preferments, benefices, offices or places, or shall come ioto any fuch capacity, or shall take upon him or them any fuch practice, imployment or bufinefs, as aforefaid, cTandfiJ** shall within three months after he or they shall be admitted into, tber or enter upon any fuch preferment, benefice, pffice or place, or relating hereto, come into fuch capacity, or take upon him or them fuch prac-	c.»«.

tke, imployment or bufinefs, as aforefaid, take and fubfcribe. the lame oaths in one of the hid courts at	,	or at the.

general quarter-feffions of die county, city or place, where he or they mall refide.

III.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Perfons Jn That all and every person or persons, as well peers as com- Scotland to • nonets, who by virtue of any aft or afts made since the union

of the two kingdoms, were bound to takq. and fubfcribe the oath of-allegiance, fubfcribe the afTurance, and to take and fign andfublcribe the oath of abjuration, for or on account of any office, civil or the afTurance military, or any other Caufe or occafion, within	fhall	^*lo*ing- f

on or before the first day of Deumber one thousand seven bun- thechurch of dpd and fifteen, take and fubfcribe the oath of abjuration Scotland fa-abwt-mentioocd, and shall take and fubfcribe the said oath of voured in re-aHegiaocc, and fubfcribe the afiurance in the words following, htion to thia DjMui	ozth, by

’	c Geo. 1.

c, 19. r. 6*

I A. B,.

*££	Anno	primo	G£oroii	L Stat.2. c. 13;	ft714^

I A. B. do fincerely frmifi and fwear% That I will be faithful and boar true allegiance to bis Majefiy King George.

So help me God.

Theaflbriace. T A. B. do, /« lA* fincerity of my heart* offers acknowledge and A declare, That his majejly King George,/! the only lawful and undoubted fovereign of the realm, as well de jure, that is, of rightf King, 4/ de fafto, that //, in the pojfiffion and exercife of the government ; and therefore I do Jincerely and faithfully prmtfe and engage, That I willy with heart and handy life and goodly maintain . and defend bis Majefiy9 s title and government, againjl the person pretended to be prince of Wales, during the life of the late King James, and since bis deceafty pretending to be9 and taking upon bimferf the file and title of Kmg of England, by the name of James the fbiriy or of Scotland, by the name of James the Eighthy or the fide and title of King of Great Britain, and his adherentSy and all other ene-mtesy who either by open or fecret attempts, /ball difiurb or dififuiet his Majefiy in the pojjeffion and exercife thereof

And that in fuch courts, and within fuch times limited, before fuch judges, in fuch manner, and to be certified as in and by the feveralafts generally above-mentioned is direfted.

IV.	And whereas certain doubts and fcruples have arifen con-6 Ami* c. *3, ceming the fenfe and meaning of the clause folkwingy contained in an afl made in the fixtb year of her late Majefiy SSjueen Anne, intituled* An act to make further provision for elefting and fummoaing fixteen peers of Scotland, to fit in the houfe of peers in the'parliament of Great Britain $ and,for trying peers for offences committed in Scotland5 and for the further regulating of voters in eleftions of members to serve in parliament; whereby it is enabled* That every person who JhaU refufe to take the oath lafi therein before recitedy or being a quakery JhaU refufe to declare the ejfefi thereof upon his folemn affirmation as directed by an a8 of parliament made in the feven{h year of the reign of his late majefiy King William, intituled* An aft that the folemn affirmation and de*

7 Sc S W. j. claration of the people called J§)uakersy shall be accepted inftead c* If*	of an oath in the uftxal form, (which oath or declaration* the fie- *

riff) prefident of the meeting, or chief officer taking the poll at any ekifien of members to, serve in the houfe of commons for any place in Great Britain, or emmiffioners for choofing burgtjfcs for any place in Scotland, at the requefi of any candidatgy, or other person prrfent at JiuhelebUon* are hereby impowered and required to admini/fer) /ball not be capable ofgiving any vote for the elebtion of any fuch member to serve in the houfe of commons for any place in Great Britain, or commissioners to choose a burgefs for any place in Scotland;. on at-eoUnt of which wordsy fame have pretended to vote , in tbemeeeings rf free eleblions in Scotland, at the cboofmg of the prefident and clerk j rf the meeting* without taking the oath mentioned in the loft recited ably whereby it has happened that rolls of eleblors have been unduly made ufa and wrong returns made; and alfo whereas divers of bis Majesty's

1.714;]? Annd prime Georgii I. Scat 2; c. 13,

good fubjefis, who have given convincing marks of they loyalty t*bis royal person and government, have ferupied to take the f aid oath, apprehending that the reference in the said oath may he con-ft rued in feme refpefts to be inconfiftent with the eflablijhment of the church in Scotland according to law, and to a clause concerning oaths to be impoftd in Scotland after the union, contained in an aft made f in the parliament of Scotland in the year one thousand seven hundred-and ftven, intituled, An act for fecuring the proteftant religion, and prefbyterian church government; which aff is declared to be a fundamental and ejfential condition of the treaty of union; to the end Perfon* in therefore that the said fcruples, and all miftakes and divifions Scotland re-on account of the fame may ceafe, be it further enaded and de- Jhe^fura* * dared by the authority aforefaid. That every person who shall ti0n, incapa-refufe .tor take the aforesaid oath of abjuration, or being a citated to vote quaker, shall refufe to dedare the effed thereof upon his folemn dedions* affirmation, in manner aforesaid (which oath and declaration the member laft eleded for any county or ftewartry in Scotland, or in bis abfence the fheriff or ftewart’s clerk, until a person be chofen to proceed (a) in the said meeting, according to the di- (a) Examined redions contained in the twenty-firft ad of the third parliament with the record. of King-Ghar/es the Second, held in Scotland, intituled, Aft con-cermng the tleftion of emmiffioners for /hires, and after fuch choice the person fo chofen to proceed, or any person chofen to proceed in any meeting of any county or ftewartry there, in which rolls for eledions shall happen to be made up, is hereby authorised and required to adminifter, at the requeft of any candidate or other person present at fuch meeting for eledion, before or after die choofing of the (freiident of tl^e meeting, or making up of the rolls) ihall not be capable of giving any vote for the eledion of a prefident of the meeting* making up of the rolls, or of any member to serve in the houfe of commons for any place in Scotland, or commiffioner tochoofe a burgefs for any place there j and further, that by no words in the said oath or oaths, formerly impofed, contained, it is or was meant to oblige his Majesty’s said fubjedsto any ad or ads any ways in-Confident with the eftablilhment of the church of Scotland according to law.

V.	And be it alfo further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Head*, 8cc* of That all heads, mafters and members of colleges, halls, or colleges, &c. dafies in the univerikies of Saint Andrew, Glafgow, Aberdeenr, znd JSiinburgh, and alfo all probationers or licentiates of divinity, before they enter upon their trials, or obtain licences to preach, and all fchoolmafters in Scotland, shall take and fub-feribe the aforesaid oaths, and fubferibe the aforesaid afliirance appointed:to betaken for offices, civil and military, and other / caufcs in Scotland, befoce fuch judges, and obtain fuch certificates, as in and by this ad, or the ads whereunto relation is , hereby had, direded.

VL Provided, That nothing in this ad contained shall ex- nJ* t0 extend tend to any person now beyond the Teas, who by virtue of this tqperfons bead ought to take the said oaths, fo as fuch person do, w'“

VqIm XU I.

O

194.	Armo	primo	Georgii L Scat. 2. c. 1 j; (^17141.

in three three months after his return to Great Britain, take the find

months after oaths, and fubferibe thereunto according to the appointment of they return.	^

Penalty of re-	VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid,.

fu^ig the That all and every the person and persons aforefaid, that do or w	fhall negledt or refufe to take the said oaths, and fubferibe

thereto, as aforefaid, in the said courts and places, and at the refpedtive times aforefaid, shall be ipfo fafto adjudged incapable, and difabled in law, to all intents and purposes whatfoever, to have, occupy or enjoy the said office or offices, imployment or imployments, or any part of them, of any matter or thing aforefaid, or any profit or advantage appertaining to them, or any of them ; and every fuch office or place, imployment or imployments, shall be void, and is hereby adjudged void. Ttiakyofaft- VIII. And be it further enadted. That all and every fuch ing as officers, p^fon and persons who shall negledt and refufe to take the said ing take/the oat^s) within the times, and at the places aforefaid, and yet oaths.	after fuch negledt or refufal (hall, by himfelf or themfelves, his

or their deputy or truftce, execute any of the said offices or imployments after the said time is expired, wherein he or they ought to have taken the said oaths according to the true intent and meaning of this a£t, and being thereof lawfully convidted in or upon any information, prefentment or indi&ment, in any of the King’s courts at Weftminjler, or at the affizes, upon prafe-cution before the court of judiciary, or circuits in Scotland, every foch person or persons shall be difabled from thenceforth to- fue or ufe any adtion, bill, plaint or information in any court of law, or to profecute aqy fuit in any court of equity, or to be guardian of any child, or executor or adminiftrator of any perfon, or capable of any legacy or deed of gift, or to be in any office within this realm of Great Britain, or to vote at any election for members to serve in parliament, and shall forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds, to be recovered by him or them that shall fue for the fame, to be profecuted by any adtion of debt, fuit, bill, plaint or information, in any of his MajestyTs courts at Wejlmnjler, wherein no efloin, protedtion or wager of law shall lie, or any more than one imparlance, and by way of fummar complaint before the court of feffions, or profecution before the court of judiciary in Scotland.

Perfonstaking IX. And be it further enadted. That it shall and may he the oaths^to^ iawfu]? to and for the refpedtive courts aforefaid, to give and regifter to be adminifter the oaths aforefaid, to the person and persons afore-kept to enter faid, and upon due tender of any person or persons to take the thtir names, said oaths, the said courts are hereby required and enjoined to adminifter the fame; for the taking and fubferibing the said oaths the proper officer shall have, take and receive of every perfon, fo taking and fubferibing the said oaths, the sum of two shillings, and no more; of the taking and fubferibing whereof a regifter shall be kept in a book to be provided for that purpofe, by the proper officer, where the names of all fuch persons, who shall take and fubferibe the said oaths, (hair be fairly 2	written,

Annb primo Georgii I. Stat. 2. c. 13.'	195

Wfrtten, and when they took and fubfcribcd the fame, to which said rcgifter any person may refort, and infpedt the fame without fefe or reward.

X.	And be it further enacted. That it shall and may be law- Two juftices, fill to and for two or more juftices of peace, or any other per- &c- may ten-fori or persons who shall be by his Majesty for that purpofe fpecially appointed, by order in the privy council, or by com- perf0ns, million tfnder the great feal, to adminifter and tender the oaths

herein before appointed to be taken, to any person or persons whatfoever, whom they shall or may fufpecft to be dangerous or difeffe&ed to his Majesty or his government; and if any person or persons to whom the said oaths shall be fo tendred, (nail neglect or refufe to take the fame, fuch juftices, or any other person or persons fpecially to^be appointed, as aforefaid, ten-dring the raid oaths, shall certify the refufal thereof to the next quarter-feffions of the county, riding, liberty, city, borough, and certify tht town corporate or place in which fuch refufal shall be made; refufal to the and the said refufal shall be recorded amongft the rolls of that next feflions, feflions, and shall be from thence certified by the clerk of the peace of fuch county, riding, liberty, city, borough, town corporate or place, into his Majesty's court of chancery or king'sto b* th«nce bench. Court of feflions, or court of judiciary in Scotland, there ch^cery&c! to be recorded amongft the rolls of the said courts, in a roll or tolls there to be provided and kept for that purpofe only, and that every person fo negle&ing or refufing to take the said oaths, afld persons shall be from the time of his negle<ft or refufal, taken, efteemed ^ j1’/° ** and adjudged a popi(h recufant convidf, and as fuch to forfeit pj^ rfcufants and be proceeded againft.	convift.

XI.	And to the intent and purpofe, that no person may avoid taking • the several oaths in this aft particularly mentioned, upon any pretence whatfoever; be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, Punifhment of That it lhall and may be lawful unto and for two or more juf* persons fura-tices of the peace, or any other fuch person or persons, who

(hall be by his Majesty for that purpofe fpecially appointed, by f^g^o apV order in the privy council, or by commiflion under the great pear and take feal, by writing under their hands and feals, to fummon any the oaths, person to appear before them at a certain day and time therein to be appointed, to take the said oaths, which said fummons shall be ferved upon fuch perfon, or left at his dwelling-houfe, or ufiial place of abode, with one of the family there 5 and if fuch person who shall be fo fummoned, negledts or refufes to apf>ear according to fuch fummons, that then upon due proof to be made upon oath of the ferving the said fummons, which oath fuch juftices, or any other person or persons fpecially to be appointed, as aforefaid, are hereby enabled to adminifter, fuch juftices, or any other person or persons, fpecially to be appointed, as aforefaid, are hereby required to certify the fame to the next general quarter-feflions of the peace to be holden for filch county, riding, liberty, city, borough, town corporate or place, thtfe to be entred upon the rolls 0? the said feflions i and

196	Anno	primo	Georoji	I. Stat.2. c.13.	[1714c

if fuch person who shall be fo fummoned to take the said oaths* as aforefaid, shall negledt or refufe to appear and take the laid oaths at the said general quarter-feflions, the names of the per-fons fo certified being publickly read at the first meeting of the said feflions, That then and in fuch cafe fuch person shall be taken, efteemed and adjudged a popifli recufant convidfc, and as fuch, to forfeit and be proceeded againft as if fuch person had actually refufed to take the said oaths5 and the fame shall be from thence, certified by the clerk of the peace of fiich county, riding, liberty, city, borough^ town corporate, or place, into his Majesty’s high court of chancery or king’s bench, court of felfion, or court of judiciary in Scotland, there to be recorded amongft the rolls of the said courts, in a roll or rolls there to be provided and kept for that purpofe only.

Heads &c. of XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, colleges, &c. That if any head or member of any college or hall within either In Oxford and of the univerfities of Oxford or Cambridge, that are or shall be Cambridge, Qf the foundation, or that do or shall enjoy any exhibition, being

oaths anl the (or as ^°°n ™	atta*n) the age °f eighteen years, (hall

perfon in	negledt or refufe to take and fubferibe the several oaths fo this

whom the	adt mentioned, according to the true intent and meaning of this

right of elec- adt, or to produce a certificate thereof, under the hand of fome deaing”orne ProPer officer of the refpedtive court, and caufe the fame to be properperfon entred in the regifter of fuch college or hall within one month in bis place, after his having taken and fubferibed the said oaths * and if the the King may persons in whom the right of eledtion of fuch head or member nominate, &c. ^all he, j0 negieft or refufe to eledt fome other fitting or proper perfon, in the place or (lead of fuch head or member fo negledting and refufing to take and fubferibe the (aid oaths, as aforefaid, by the fpace of twelve months after fuch negled or refufal, That then, and from thenceforth, it shall and may be lawful unto and for the King’s mod excellent majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, under the great feal or fign manual, to nominate and appoint fome fitting perfon, qualified according to the local ftatutes of fuch college or hall, to fucceed to the place of fuch person who shall negiedt or refufe to take and fubfcxibe the said oaths; and that every person fo to be nominated and ap~ pointed, shall have and enjoy fuch place, to which he shall be nominated and appointed, as aforefaid, to all intents and pur* pofes whatfoever, and all benefits, privileges and advantages to the fame belonging and appertaining, as if fuch person had been eledted and chofen by the proper eledtors of fuch college or hall.

The King*s XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforelaid, bench may if- That if the head of any college or hall in either of the univer-mus^o'cora- ^t,cs» or ot^er person or persons lawfully authorized. to admit, pci the admif- ^all refufe or negledl to admit fuch persons fo nominated and Con of a per- appointed under the great feal or fign manual, as aforefaid, by (on fo named, the fpace of ten days after fuch admiflion shall be demanded of him or them, who ought to make fuch admiflion, to fuch place as he shall be nominated to, as aforefaid. That then and in

fuch

197

17*4-] Anno primo Georgii I. Sat. 2. c. x3.

foch cafe the local vifitor or vifitors of fuch college or hall is hereby authorized and required to admit and place fuch person fo nominated and appointed, to fuch place as he shall be nominated to, as aforefaid, within the fpace of one month after the feme shall be demanded of fuch vifitor; and in cafe fuch vifitor shall negle<ft or refufe to admit, as aforefaid, during the fpace of one month after the fame is lawfully demanded of fuch vifitor.

That then it shall and may be lawful to and for the court of king’s bench at Weftminfter, to iflue out a writ of Mandamus to be direded to fuch vintor or vifitors, to admit fuch person to fuch place, and to proceed upon the said writ, according to the courfe of the said court in fuch cafes,

XIV.	Provided always, That any person who, by any neg- Officer having led or refufal according to this a (ft, shall lofe or forfeit any of- forfeited fice* may be capable of a new grant of the said office, or of any goaiii on other, and have and hold the fame again, fuch person taking king the oaths, the said oaths in fuch manner as aforefaid, fo as fuch office be

not granted to, or a&ually enjoyed by fome person at the time of regranting thereof.

XV.	Provided alfo. That nothing herein contained shall be This aft (hall

conftrued to extend to any person in his Majesty’s service on not extend to board the fleet, or to any person whatfoever who shall go be-	who

yond the feas before the first day of November next, fo as fuch ftaij take the person take the said oaths, and fubferibe thereunto, as afore- oaths in three (aid, according to the appointment of this a<ft, within three months after months after his return.	the,r return‘

XVI.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. After Sept. *9, That from and after the twenty-ninth day of 'September in the 1715* No f . year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, no thci^houfe oV" person that now is, or hereafter shall be a peer of this realm, or parliament member of the houfe of peers, shall vote, or make his proxy in shall be capa-the hoqfe of peers, or fit there, during any debate in the said ble of voting, boufe of peers ; nor any person that now is, or hereafter shall ^en Jh^ab! be a member of the houfe of commons, shall vote in the houfe juratlon.

of commons, or lit there during any debate in the said houfe of commons, after their fpeaker is chofen ; until fuch peer or member (hall, from time to time, refpe&ively take the abjura-tion-oath aforefaid, inftead of the oath of abjuration which before by law ought to have been taken, in fuch manner, and together with fuch other oaths, and declaration againft tranfub-ftantiation, as the said former oath of abjuration ought to have been taken.

XVII.	And be it further enadled, That if any person that	0f

now is, or hereafter shall be a peer of this realm, or member of members pre-the houfe of peers, or member of the houfe of commons, in fuming to * this or any fucceeding parliament, and after the said twenty- VQtc> &c* ninth' day of September prefume to vote, or make his proxy, not

having taken the said oath, and fubferibed the fame, as aforefaid, every fuch peer or member fo offending shall be difabled to fue, or ufe any action, bill, plaint, or information in any court of law, or to profecute any fuit in any court of equity, or

O 3	to

* 

Annoprimo Georgii I. Stat. fc. c.	[1714*

to be guardian of any child, or executor or adminiftrator of any perfon, or be capable of any legacy or deed of gift, or to be in any office within this realm of Great Britain, or to vote at any eledion for members to serve in parliament, and fhail forfeit the sum of fivp hundred pounds, to be recovered by him or them that fhail fue for the fame, to be profecuted by adion of debt, fuit, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts* at Wejlminjler, wherein no effoin, protection, or wager* of law fhail lie, or any more than one imparlance, and by way of ftimmar complaint before the court of feffions, or profecution before the court of judiciary in Scotland.

This not to XVIII. Provided, That neither this ad, nor any thing fleers of°inhe- herein contained, fhail extend, be judged, or interpreted to ritance, if a take away or make void any office of inheritance, fo as fuch deputy beTub- person or persons having an office of inheritance, do or fhail ftuuted who fubftitute and appoint his or their deputy or deputies, and fuch himfe^f*1* deputy or deputies fhail qualify him or them lei ves, according 25Car's. to a provifo in the ad made in the five and twentieth year

the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An aQ fm« preventing dangers which may happen from popijb recufants, ana fo as fuch deputy or deputies do likewife take and fubferibe the oaths in and by this present ad required and exprefied, and fo as fuch deputy or deputies be, from time to tipie, approved of by the King’s majeftv under his privy fignet.

Such offices in XIX. Provided, That no office of inheritance in Scnl&d Scotland not fhail be forfeitable otherwise than according to the law* now in forfeitable, forCe there.

tothe^ws"6 XX. Provided always, That this ad, or any thing therein there.	contained, fhail not extend to the office of any mhmgman.

This ad not headborough, overfeer of the poor, church-wardens, forveyors the office of	highways, or any like inferior civil officer, or to any

apy tithing- office of forefter, or keeper of any park, chafe, warren, or man, &c. game, or bailiff of any manor or lands, nor to any like private offices, nor to any person or persons having only any the be-fore-mentioned or the like offices, for or upon account of fach offices only.

Nor to any XXI. Provided always,That thisad, or any thing therein con -who have ta- tained, fhail not extend to any person who hath, since his Majesty’s fince^^Ma* happy acceffion to the throne, taken the oaths of allegiance and jetty's acce£~ fupremacy, and the abjuration oath, in any of the laid courts at lion, except Wejlminjler, or at the general quarter-fefiions of the peace, or on account of in either houses of parliament, unlefs by reafon of fuch perfon’s fame new of- having fome new office or imployitient, or his coming hereafter c *	under fome of the qualifications which require the taking the

oaths before-mentioned, by virtue of this ad, or any other law now in being.

Perfons oblig- XXII. Provided always, and be it declared and ena&ed, That ed by any law all persons vvhatfoever, who, by virtue of any Jaw now in being, facrament arc or wou^ he °hhged, if this was not had or made, to re-lha1iacominue cc*Ve the facrament according to the ufage of the church of Eng-obliged.	land, and to make and fubferibe the declaration againft tranfob-

ftantiation

199

I7i4\l Anno primo Georgii I. Stat. 2. c. 13.

ftantiation or either of them, on any occafion whatfoever, (ball continue obliged, in all fuch cafe?, to receive the said facrament, and make .and fubfcribe the said declaration, together with the oaths appointed by this aft, in fuch manner, and under fuch penalties in cafe of negleft, as is required bv any former law.

XXIII.	Provided always, and be it enafted by the author Perfons taking rity aforefaid, That all and every person or persons, who (hall, the oaths, &c. on or berore the first of December next, take and fubfcribe the b^re Dec 1. oaths in fuch manner as is appointed in this aft, and alfo re- from^llpenaL. ceive the facrament of the Lord's fupper according to the ufage ties, Scc.

of the church of England^ and make and fubfcribe the declare don againft tranfubftantiation, in thofe cafes where the facrament ought to have been received, and the said declaration ought to have been made and fubfcribed, and has been neglefted, shall be and are hereby indemnified from and againft all penalties, forfeitures, incapacities, and difabilities incurred by any former negleft or omiffion of taking or fubfcribing the oaths, or receiving the facrament, or fubfcribing the aforesaid declaration, according to any former aft or afts concerning persons in offices or places of truft, and is, are and shall be fully and aftuallyre-capacitated and reftored to the fame ftate and condition as before fuch negleft or omiffion.

XXIV.	Provided alfo. That all and every person who has, Likewife all at any time since his Majesty’s happy acceffion to the crown, have taken the oaths, and taken and fubfcribed the abjuration, and

alfo fabfcribed the declaration, and received the facrament, in Majesty^ ac-fuch cafes where the facrament ought to have been received, and ceffion. the said declaration ought to have been fubfcribed, according to any aft or acts concerning persons in offices or places of truft, *

(hall likewife be, and are hereby indemnified, as aforefaid, though the fame has not been within the time appointed by law.

XXV.	Provided always. That no person or persons, who by reafon of any fuch negleft or omiffion hath or have left or forfeited any office, benefice, place, dignity, or imployment what- /hall be refto-’ foever,-to which any other person or persons hath or have been red if another preferred or promoted, shall be reftored to fuch office, benefice, he promoted, place, dignity, or imployment; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXVI.	Provided always. That any person or persons who Popifh recu-(hall become popi(h recufants convift, by virtue of any thing in fants convift this aft contained, and shall at any time thereafter take and mb- by

fcribe the oaths, and make and fubfcribe the declaration, and	oa*

fubfcribe the aflurance, in fuch manner, and in fuch place, as takix^ the is appointed by this aft, shall be and are hereby, from fuch oaths, time, discharged from fuch conviftion.

XXVII.	Provided always. That the oath of abjuration, and

the aflurance in this aft contained, shall in all cafes be taken takin°in lieu to be in lieu of the oath of abjuration, and the aflurance for-of the former# merly appointed.

XXVHI. And whereas in and by an aft of parliament made in Reward for the hftfefforts of parliament* and in the first year of his Mqjejly's taking the

P 4	reign*

109	jynno	primeGeokgii I. StaL2. c„ i$.	{1714.

pretender reign* intituled, An act for the better fapport of his Muefty^t 1 Geo. 1. flat, houihold, and of the honour and dignity of the crown of Great *' ‘1 * Britain, it is enabled* That the lord high treajiirer bf Great Britain* or commijftoners of the treasury for the time being* Jbould* and are thereby authorized and required* out of any monies granted or to be granted by parliament* for the ufe of the publick* forthwith to ijfue and pay the sum of one hundred thousand pounds* to any perfoujor per*-fins* who should feize and feeure the person of the pretender* whenever he jbould land* or attempt to land tn any of his Majeffs dominions i to the end that the encouragement and reward for a fervidJq important* may be renderedfure and effectual; be it enafted by tne authority aforefaid, That the lord high treasurer of Great Bri-, tain* or the commissioners of the treasury for the time being, {hall and are hereby authorized and required, out of any monies granted, or to be granted by parliament, to the ufe of the publick, forthwith to iffue the sum of one hundred thouland . pounds to any person or persons, being natives or foreigners* who shall feize or feeure, alive or dead, the person of the pretender, whenever he shall land, or attempt to land in Great . Britain or Ireland* or any other his Majesty’s dominions; and if any of the persons who have adhered to, onaflilted, or who shall adhere to, or aflift the said pretender, shall feize.and feeure him, as aforefaid, he or they who shall fo feize and feeure him, shall have his Majesty’s gracious general pardon, and shall alfo receive the said reward, to be paid in manner aforefaid. , I Top to the	XXIX. And be it further enafted. That in cafe any person

executors, &c.or^rfons, natives or foreigners, shall happen to‘be killed in kill^in taking	or	fecuring, alive or dead, the person of the (sud pre-

lum. 6 tender, as aforefaid. That then their executors or adminub^-tors, or fuch person or persons, to whom the right of admini-ftration of the perfonal estate of each person fo killed shall belong, shall have and receive refpeftively, the fame (hare and proportion of the said one hundred thousand pounds, as their several and refpeftive teftators or inteftates would have been entitled unto had they been living.

TheKing may	XXX. And it is further enafted, That it shall and may be

imTOwer per-	f°rhis Majesty to grant a commifllon or commUTigns, union sto ad mi- der	Srcat °f Great Britain, to fuch person or persons as

nifter the oaths to him shall feem meet, to impower him or them to adminifter to officers, the oaths of allegiance and fupremacy, and of abjuration, in wh^names	mentioned,	to all and every officer and officers in his

(ball be regi- Majesty’s service, either by fea or land, and all and every fea-ftcr’d and re- man and Teamen, and private foldiers; and fuch fea and land turned into officers, and feameg and foldiers, are hereby enjoined and re-oiffic^Sore^ <lu*re^ tota^etbe fame, upon the pains and penalties in this aft Feb. 1. 1715. mentioned in cafe of refiifal thereof; and that upon taking the said oaths fuch officer and officers, feamen and foldiers, do fub-feribe the fame upon a roll to kbe kept by the person or peifons who shall adminifter the fame, which roll fuch person as hath pr shall have the keeping thereof fhall, on or before the twelfth day of February one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, deliver into the

801

17*4-] Anrvo primoGeorgii I. Stat.a. c.t^.

the office of the petty-bag in the court of chancery, there to be kept upon record. '	<

XXXI.	Provided always. That no feaman or foldier, under No teaman,

the degree of a commiflion or warrant-officer, shall be obliged &c- to pay any to pay any fee or reward on taking the said oaths.	cc*

XXXII.	Provided always. That nothing in this a<5t contain- Not to extend ed lhall extend to the office of the lord great chamberlain of to the office of England*) fo as the lord great chamberlain for the time being do ^ S"at. or shall fubftitiitc and appoint his fufficient deputy, who (hallcham er ain‘ have taken the oaths aforefaid; any thing in this a« to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXXIII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore- The fame ab-£aid, That from and after the nine and twentieth day of Septum- juration to be her one thou&nd seven hundred and fifteen, the fame oath of {^"after abjuration by tliis a& appointed to be taken in Gnat Britain, sept.*9,1715. shall be the oath of abjuration to be taken in the kingdom of ’ Inland, and no other 5 and that the indemnities above-mentioned be and are hereby extended to the said kingdom of Ireland.

CAP. XIV.

An act for making the militia of that part of Great Britain called England more ufefuland for obliging an annual account to be made of trophy-money.

WHEREAS by an aft of parliament made in the thirteenth Reciting the year of the reign of the late King Charles the Second, inti-	*•

tuledL, An a& for ordering the forces in the several counties of this kingdom, it was (amongjl other things) enabled. That in cafe of inva-from, infurreftions orrebellionsy whereby occafion jhould be to draw out the foldiers mentioned and appointed in and by the said aft, into aftual fervid, the per fens charged by thesaid aft with horfes, horfemen and arms, or with foot foldier sand arms, should provide each their foldiers refpec-tively with pay in hand, not exceeding one month's pay, as should be in that behalf direftedby the refpeftive lieutenants of the several counties, and in their abfence, or otherwise by their directions, by their deputies, or any three or more of them•, for repayment of which said monies, and for fatisfafticn of the officers for their pay during fuch time, not exceeding me month, as aforefaid, as they /hall be with their foldiers in aftual service; it was thereby declared. That provifton should be made for the fame by his said Majefly, his heirs and fuccejfers, out of his or their publici treasury or revenue; neverthelefs, it was thereby further provided and enabled. That in cafe a months pay should be provided and advanced, as aforefaid, no person who should have advanced his proportion thereof, should be charged with any other like month's payment, until he or they should be re-imburfed the said months pay, and fo from tim? to time, the said months pay by him or them lajl provided and advanced, as aforefaid: and whereas in the late war it was found necejfary for the publici defence and fafety, to draw out the Jaid foldiers into aftual service, and to charge the said per fens to provide each their foldiers refpeftively with pay in hand, although the months pay by several of them before that time provided and advanced

to a&ual fer vice.

ioi	Anno	primo	Gf.orgii I. Stat. 2. c. 14.	[1714.

ted was net nor could be reimburfed: and whereas if may be necejjary far the publick fafety and defence of this realm, to draw out the feztd forces into aftual service, more particularly at this time, when tumults and rebellions are fomented at home, fupported by hopes of af-The King may finance from a foreign invafion, be it therefore ena&ed by the orde^themi- King’s moil excellent majefty, by and with the advice and con-litia in Eng- fent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, iti this land to be prefcnt parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, ^aJSI.fiUrAn' Thatat-any time or times hereafter it ihall be found neceflary by his Majesty, his heirs or fucce(Tors,forany of the purposes in the said recited a<5t mentioned, to draw out the said foldiers into a&ual service, and the fame shall be declared and fignified to the refpe&ive lieutenants or deputy lieutenants of the leveral counties, ridings, cities and places of that part of Great Britain called England, and to the lord-warden of the cinoue-ports, two ancient towns and their members, or in his abfence, to his lieutenant or lieutenants, by his Majesty, his heirs of fucceflbrs, -it shall be lawful for the said lieutenants, or their deputies, or for any two or more of them, and for the lord-warden of the cinque-ports, two ancient towns, and their members, or in his abfence, for his lieutenant or lieutenants, in purfuance of Rich orders-from his Majesty, his heirs and fecceflors, and in the manner preferibed by the aforesaid a&, ootwitbftand’mg one or more month’s pay already advanced, be not reimburfed, to raise and draw out the said foldiers into a&ual service, and to caufe the persons charged, as aforefaid, to provide each their foldiers with pay in hand, not exceeding one month’s pay, infuchman-ner as if all their pay already advanced and provided had been fully reimburfed and paid; any thing in the said adl of the thirteenth year of King Charles the Second, or in any other fubfequent a<5t to the contrary hereof in any wife notwith-c. 3.	' (landing.

The militia of II. And whereas it may fo happen that the entire militia of any any city. See. county or counties, within that part of Great Britain called England, to march, for cannot be ajfembled and got ready to march in fo Jhort a time, as ne~ fbfreSSnf ln* ceJflty ma? re(luire^ for the fupprejftng of infurreflions and rebellion, ’ or for repelling of invafions: be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That it shall and may be lawful, from time to time, and at all times hereafter, for the proper persons impower-ed, as aforefaid, to raife, draw out and march fuch part of the militia of any city, town, borough, riding, diftridl or county, as they shall judge mod ready, proper and convenient for the purposes aforesaid ; and the pay and expence advanced and laid out by the persons chargeable to and for fuch part of the militia fo imployed, shall be repaid and made good to them, within the fpace ot fix months after fuch money is advanced, by fuch persons chargeable to fuch part of the militia of any county, city, riding or place fo imployed, by an afleffment according to an equal pound-rate, to belaid and aflefled throughout the whole county, riding, city or place to which they belong, for the bearing the charge of fqch part of the militia fo called out, the faid

pound-

The persons charged to provide their ioldiers with pay, not exceeding ene

^&iVcPa^*/f?bfequcnt^ to the

&c,

The pay advanced to be repaid in fix-months.

1714J Annoprimo Georgii I. Stat.a. e. 14^	*03

pound-rale to be aflefied upon and paid by luch persons, and \t$ fuch proportions as they are chargeable to the militia, accord* ing to fuch directions as shall be given, from time to time, by the said refpedive lieutenants, or their deputies, or any two or more of them, who are hereby impowered and required to make and levy, and to caufe to be made and levied fuch aiTeffment, under the like penalties and forfeitures, and by the like ways and means, as the commiflioners appointed in an ad of this prelent feflion of parliament, for collecting the land-tax granted to his Msyefty, are impowered to make and levy the affeffment for the said land-tax,

III.	And whereas the arms and accoutrements directed to be pro- Accoutre-vided for borfe and foot foldiers of the militia, by former afts parliament, are in a great meafurc become ufelefs; be it further cn- pcovided. aCted by the authority aforefaid, That it shall and may be law- By 9 Geo. 1. ful for the several lieutenants, and their deputies, in that partc* *• f- 7• tkt of Great Britain called England, to caufe and oblige the feveral

perfons chargeable to the militia, to provide for every horfe and	&c.

horfeman, a broad fword, a cafe of piftols, the barrels whereof of the musketst to be twelve inches long, and a carabine with belt and bucket, a great faddlc or pan with burrs and (traps, a bitt and bridle with pcCtoral and crupper 5 and for every foot foldier a mufket, the barrel whereof to be five foot long, the gage of the bore for bullets of twelve to the pound, with a bayonet to fix on the muzzle thereof, a cartouch-box, and a fword, under the fame penalties, tnd by the lame ways and means, as they might have compelled the said persons to have provided arms before for their foldiers, by virtue of any former act cm* aCts, any thing in any former act or ads to the contrary notwithftanding.

IV.	Provided always, and be it enaded, That fuch money as Receivers of

bath been or shall be railed as for trophy-money, by virtue of trophy-money any law relating to the militia of England, the person or	f<wr

fons receiving the fame shall and are hereby required to account	*	-

fqy the (ame, before the juftices of the peace at fome general

ouarter fcflions of the peace in the refpedive county, riding, divifion, city or place, (that is to fay) For fuch money as is already received on or before the first day of February next, and for fuch monies as shall be received hereafter, within twelve months after the receipt thereof, and to pay the balance which shall be found due by the juftices on fuch account within the fpace of one month then next enfuing, to the treasurer or treasurers, clerk or clerks, for the time being, appointed to receive and pay the monies to be levied by virtue ot any the said ads relating to the militia, or in default thereof the person or per- Penalty for fons fo receiving fuch money shall forfeit and pay treble the fum not account-unaccounted for or unpaid, the one moiety to the ufe of there- inS* fpedive county, riding, divifion, city or place, as fuch juftices shall appoint, the otter moiety thereof to fuch person or persons as shall fue for the fame, by adionof debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at Weft-

£04	Anno primo Georcii I. Stat. 2. c. 14.	[1714.

minfter, wherein no prote&ion, eflbin or wager of law shall be allowed, nor any more than one imparlance.

Treafurers to V- And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That facUi givefecurity. person or persons who shall be appointed treasurer or treafurers, to receive and pay the monies to be levied by virtue of this a6t for the ufe of the militia, shall within three months after his or their said appointment, give fuch Security for the due execution of the said office before three or more deputy lieutenants of the Tefpe&ivc county, riding, diviiion, city or place, as (ball be by them approved; and fuch person or persons as are already appointed treasurer or treafurers for the said purpofes, shall give the like fecurity on or before the first day of November, one thousand seven hundred and fifteen.

VI.	And whereas fence the thirteenth day of February which was in the year of our Lord one thousand fix hundred and eighty eight, several clerks have been employed under the lieutenants, or their deputy lieutenants, in affairs relating to the militia, which clerks or others have in their hands or power refpeftively,feveral books or other papers concerning the famey and which are or may be of ufe in execution of the powers contained in this aft: be it therefore ena&ed Former clerks, by the authority aforefaid. That it shall and may be lawful to ho^k° lciiveran<* f°r lieutenants, and the deputy-lieutenants of any coun-h &c.	ty, city, riding, town or place in England, Walesy ox Berwick

upon Tweedy or any two or more of them, upon information, that any fuch books or papers are in the hands or power of any fuch former clerk or other perfon, to iflue thdir warrant, requiring fuch former clerk or other person or persons, to deliver the fame to fuch clerk or person as in fuch warrant or warrants shall Penalty of re- be named ; and if fuch former clerk or person fo required shall tufing to de- refufe or negledt to deliver fuch book or books, paper or papers, liver them, according to fuch warrant, within ten days after fuch demand thereof, or do not within ten days after fuch demand make oath before feme justice or jufticesof the peace, affirming, that fuch book or books, paper or papers, are not in his, her, or their power, or if fuch clerk or perfon, being a JQuakery do not make an affirmation to the fame purpofe, which oath and affirmation shall be delivered to the lieutenant, or deputy lieutenants who fign the said warrants, or one or more of them, then every fuch person fo refufing or negledting shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, the one moiety to the ufe of the refpedtive county, riding, diviiion, city or place, in fuch manner as fuch juftices shall appoint, the other moiety to the person or persons who shall fue for the fame, bv action of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at fVefeminftery wherein no protection, effoin, wager of law, nor any more than one imparlance shall be allowed.

Warden, &c. VII. Provided always, and be it enadted by the authority a-°*	forefaid, That the lord warden of the cinque-ports, two ancient

have the fame towns> and their members, and in his abfence his lieutenant or powers-aslieu- lieutenants, shall and may put in execution within the said ports, .truants of jowps and members, all the powers and authorities given and countie*.	granted



1714*] Anno primo Georgii I. Stat/2. c, 14.	205

granted by this a&, and to execute and perform all and every the things therein contained, in the like manner as the refpec-tive lieutenants of the counties, and their depMties may do; and Inhabitants of that the inhabitants of the said ports, towns and members, be- the cinque-ing in regard of their fituation on the fea-coaft, charged with a ^charged^n? greater proportion of arms and armed men than other parts of the counties the kingdom, shall not be charged with arms or armed men in tor their e-thc counties adjacent for their estates there lying, fave only for there, fuch proportion as they are liable unto, and either are not, or shall not be charged with within the said ports, towns and members ; any thing in this a<3 contained to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

VIII.	Provided neverthelefs, That nothing in this a<$ con- This shall tained shall extend to take away any right of. the lieutenants of

the city of London, of afleffing, levying and collecting of all rates the lieutenant* and affeflments upon the inhabitants of the said city, and the of London; liberties thereof, or any other right or power which is now verted in the lieutenants of the said city by any former act or aCts of parliament.

IX.	Provided neverthelefs. That nothing in this act contain- Nor charge ed shall extend or be conftrued to extend to make any person any perfon* chargeable to the militia, that is not already chargeable by law not already to the fame, or to enlarge the power of the lieutenants, or their chargeable, deputies, in any kind beyond the authority already given them

by the aCts of the thirteenth, fourteenth and fifteenth years of lieutenants.

King Charles the Second relating to the militia, faving only in

the particular cafes exprefly directed and provided for by this pre-

fent aft; and that no person who is by this act chargeable to the No person to

militia, shall be obliged at any time or times hereafter to advance Evince above

more than one month’s pay to any horfe or foot foldier, till fuch pa?”1011 *

time as the month’s pay by fuch county, city, riding or place,F

fo to be advanced, shall have been repaid and made good to fuch

county, city, rfding or place, by his Majesty, his heirs or fucceflors, out of his or their publick treasury or revenue.

X.	Provided always. That the power and authority hereby Part of the aft given to raife, draw out or march part of the militia of any

county, city or place, shall have continuance only for and dur- 7 ing the fpace of five years, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament. . By 9 Geo. 1. c. 8. f.6. This aft is revived for seven years. See 9 Geo. 1. c. 8. f 7. et vide flatties Geo. 2. and Geo. 3.

lo6	Anno prime GEoRtifr 1. Stat. i. c. t$. £ 1714,

CAP. XV.

An act to make an aft of the tenth year of her late Majtfiy% intituled, An act for regulating, improving and encou-raging of th^ woollen manufacture of mixt or medley broad-cloth, and for the better payment of the poof imployed therein, more effeftual for the benefit of trdde in general; and alfo to render more effeftual an aft of thi seventh year of her said Majefiys reign% intituled^ AiVaft for the better afeertaining the lengths and breadths of woollen cloth made in the county of Tork.

10 Ann. c. 16. \\f HERE AS an aft paffed in the tenth year of her late A{a-VV jefiy’s reigny intituled, An act for regulating, improving and encouraging the woollen manufacture of mixt or medley broad-cloth, and for the better payment of the poor imployed therein, hath proved ineffeftual to prevent the abufes committed in making and meafuring the said cloth> to the great dijreputation of the said manufafture abroad, and difeouragement of the good makers and fair dealers therein; for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament affembled, and by the authority of the How broad- fame. That from and after the twentieth day of September one bC t^ou^anc* seven hundred and fifteen, ali mixt or medley broadcloth shall at the inftance and requeft of any buyer, for proof thereof, be put into water,(as by ancient cuftom they ufually were) and thfen meafured by any two indifferent persons to be appointed and chofen, one by the buyer, and another by the feller of the said cloth, and in cafe they difagree in afeertaining the length and breadth of the said cloth, then the said admeafurement mall be made by a third perfon, chofen and nominated by the said two persons appointed as aforefaid; and in cafe the faia two ptf-fons shall negleft or refufe, within the fpace of two hours, to chufe or nominate fuch third perfon, or if fuch third person fo chofen shall negleft or refufe to take upon him the admeafure-> ment of the faia cloth, at the requeft of the feller or buyer thereof, then fuch admeafurement (if in London) finally shall be made and determined by the keeper of Blackwell-Hall3 who shall be fworn before feme jufticeof the peace (which justice is hereby impowered to adminifter fuch oath) That he will well and truly perform fuch meafuring, and be obliged to aft for that purpofe, and the admeafurement fo made shall be conclufive on all parties, and accordingly be the rule of payment to the buyer; and if elsewhere than in London, the said cloth shall be meafured by any two indifferent persons, as aforefaid, and in cafe they di(-agree therein, or refufe to make fuch admeafurement, or negleft or refufe to appoint a third person for fuch admeafurement, as aforefaid, then a fit person shall be nominated and appointed by the chief magiftrate or chief officer of fuch city, town or place, where the said cloth shall happen to be fold, which said magistrate or chief officer, as aforefaid, is hereby authorized and required to appoint and fwear fuch perfon, which person fo appointed shall be and is hereby obliged to be fwom, and to a& for the purpofe aforefaid, which said person or persons deter-Forfeiture for mining: the meafure of the said doth shall have and receive fix- Hefs quantity pence, and no more, for each piece of cloth which shall be by *lthe,[ *n him or them (b meafuredj to be paid by the buyer of the said bTefdthThan doth * and if upon fuch admeasurement, as aforefaid, there shall mentioned in be found a lefs or fmaller content or quantity of cloth in length, the feal. or die greateft part of the breadth, than is mentioned in the feal or feals directed by the said former ad, to be fixed to fuch cloth by the matter, occupier or millman of th6 fulling-mill$ in every fuch cafe, every clothier, owner or feller of fuch cloth, shall forfeit and pay the (ixth part of the value of every fuch cloth, to the ufes as is afterwards herein provided for by this a&; and the said forfeiture shall be paid by the buyer, and by him de-. duded out of the price of the said cloth fo found to be wanting To be paid by in meafure, as aforefaid, upon payment of the fame, upon a	and

certificate thereof made by any of the said persons or person meafuring the fame, and upon fuch persons or person aforesaid p making oath thereof before any justice of peace, which oath (uch justice of the peace is hereby authorized and required to admi-nifter, and thereof to give the said person or persons a certificate without fee or reward ; and all fuch futns of money which the To be repaid dothier, owner or feller of any fuch cloth, shall forfeit and pay by the mailer, upon account of fuch fraudulent feal of the matter, occupier or .^c*ot Jj* millman of the fulling-mill, being fixed to the said cloth, shall ^^"the feah upon demand be repaid by the said matter, occupier or millman of the fulling-mill, who affixed the said feal, to fuch clothier, owner or feller of fuch cloth $ any thing to the contrary notwit hftanding.	’

II.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That Mailer of a from and after the twenty ninth of September one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, it any owner, matter, occupier or mill- [^effieoath man of any fulling-mill, shall refufe or negled to take the oath dire&ed by by the said recited ad directed to be taken by the owner, matter 10 Ann. c. 16. or occupier of fuch fulling-mill, for his true performance of ad-meafurement of mixt or medley broad-cloth, or to fix a feal of 0r to fix a feal, lead at the head-end of every mixt or medley broad-cloth, be- See. fore it is carried from the mill, mentioning his name, and the length and breadth of every fuch cloth in figures, or to enter in a book to be kept by fuch matter, owner, occupier or mill-man, a fair and due regiftcr or entry of the marks, fort, number, length and breadth of every fuch cloth, or if any person or persons shall afterwards take off fuch feal, or deface, coun- and persons terfeit or alter the fame, or add any other feal before the cloth taking off, or is fold, except the millman who milled the (aid cloth, or feme a,te“J?g» other fwom millman, who is in that cafe alfo to regifter the fame,luch in manner aforefaid, every person or persons fo offending, being thereof lawfully CQovi&ed upon the oath of one or more credible

208 shall forfeit sol

A table to be provided in Black well-Hall, for the measuring of cloth in Loudon.

The buyer to

S’ve notice to e feller, when the cloth is to be wetted

And if the feller do not attend, the buyer may proceed to prove the cloth, and the keeper of Blackwell-Hall to mea-fure the fame, and give a certificate of the true meafure j

Anno primo Georgii I. Stat.2. c. *5*	tf?***'

dible witnefs or wkneffes, shall for every filch negk& or u&tnce forfeit the ftmt of twenty pounds, to be recovered and^difii**’ buted as is afterwards provided for by this ad, which forfeitures shall be taken and accepted in di(charge of the fbrfciture^ot twenty shillings a cloth that may be incurred by fiich mAer, owner, occupier or millman, by vittile of the said rocked aA, -in cafe of fuch negledt or refufal of fixing or taking otif or defacing, counterfeiting or altering the figures thereof juany thing herein contained, or any law, cuftom or ufage to ttae con- • trarv notwithftanding.	- .	-	-	*

III.	And to the end there may he one and the fame mthodot tom*'*

ner of meafuring mixt or medley broad-cloth; be it further eaaded j by the authority aforefaid, Thatfrom and after the twenty-ninth of September one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, the matter or hall-keeper of Blackwell-HaU, at the cofts and changes of the governors of Chrijfs Hofpitalj shall have in fotne convenient place within the said hall, one table or board, cOnfifting of thirty -yards in length, to each of Which yards shall be added one inch, which shall be ufed inftead of that called the thumb’s breadth, fo that each yard shall confift of thirty-feven inches, and (hail * be diftinguiflied by a nail, or other proper mark along the (aid table or board, and three foot wide at lead, whereon the said doth shall be doubled or crefied, and laid plain the full length, to prevent any difpute in refpedt of fuch admeafurementbyrthe yard, where the said admeafurement of any mixtor medley* broad-cloth (if in London) by and upon'the said table fo to be* placed there, shall be made and determined, as aforefaid; and • the said cloth (hall, at the requeft of the feller, or his agent, beL there put into water, into proper ciftems to be provided for that purpofe before fuch admeafurement shall be made. . ; .	*

IV.	And to prevent all undue convictions by furprife, or otherudfr; be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That the boyar of mixt or medley broad-cloths, by hirtifelf, his agent or ler-vant, within fix days after delivery thereof to the"buyer,?(hall

Sriva two days notice to the feller or his fa<5tor, of the time, when uch cloth is, for proof thereof, to be wetted and tried by the water, unlefs it be by the confent of the buyer and feller, or-their refpe&ive agents, fignified in writing, in which cafe, lefs> notice shall be fufficient; and in cafe the feller, or hi* factor or agent, doth not appoint an indifferent perfon, as afbrefiid, or doth refufe or negledfc to attend the admeafurement of the said cloth, which shall be made fome time within die fpace of eight days after delivery* as aforefaid, then the buyer or bis agent,* may proceed in the abfence. of the said feller or hi$ agent, * to prove the said cloth by the water at Blackwell-Hall * and: then the said keeper of Blackwell-Hall shall proceed to take the mea-. fure thereof on the table, as aforefaid, and finally to 'adjudge and afeertain the true meafure and contents of the lame, and there* of to make a certificate, which certificate as alfo the other certificates, which may be ifiade in manner aforefaid, (hall, with* in ten days after fuch admeafurement taken, be filed with the

. desk

i?,**•!	ApnQ prioio Georgii I. Scat. 2. c. 15.'	togi,

clock dfibt peace for the County, city or place where fuch ad-meafurement shall be taken, which certificate or certificates fuch clerk of the peace is hereby required to file among the records of fuch county or place, and for fo doing shall receive only.one (hilling; and fuch certificate or certificates being fo filed, as a- which fhatl be forefctid; shall be the rule of payment to the buyer, and shall be a convi&ion deemed, adjudged and taker* to be a fufficient conviction of the party or parties offending, fo as to make him, her or them fpr-feit and pay, as aforefaid; and an attefted copy of fuch certificate or certificates, fuch clerk of the peace, or his deputy, is hereby obliged to give to any person or persons demanding the fame, for which he shall receive one (hilling, and no more ; which attefted copy, as aforefaid, shall be, and is hereby declared to be a fufficient authority to enable the clothier, owner or feller of any mixt or medley broad-cloth, to demand of the mafier, owner or occupier, or millman, the forfeitures dedulled out of the price of any the cloths aforefaid, for waat of length or breadth* contained in the feal or feals, as aforefaid; and upon refufel of payment, the said mafter, owner, occupier or mill-man, shall be fubjelt to the penalties and forfeitures, as afterwards is herein provided for by this alt.

V.	And be it further enacted and declared by the authority All broad-aforefaid. That all mixt or medley broad-cloths which shall be doth* shall be expofed to (ale in England (other than cloth made before the fh^atchlItl1 commencement of this alt) shall be (tamped with the watch^ mcafure. * meafure thereof on the feal of the mafier, owner, occupier o* millman of the fuMing-mill, by whom the said cloth was wetted, fulled and milled; and every clothier felling or putting to clothiers feU (ale any of the said broad-cloth, before fuch time as all and every line before of the lame cloths shall be fealed and (tamped, as aforelaid, on, Jewed and which feal (hajl be fpecificd the name of the said mafter, owner, occupier or millman of the fulling-mill, together with theqpn- gxth & tents of the said cloth in length and breadth, and marked with the cloth, the ffiftinguhhing mark of a crown, which said mark shall be (lamped on the rivet of the said feal, shall forfeit and pay the sixth part of the said cloth, to be levied, paid and difpofed of, as is afterwards herein provided for by this alt, and to no other ufe, intent or purpofe whatfoever; any law, cuftomor ufage to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

VL Provided also, and be it further enalted and declared by The buyer to the authority aforefaid. That all mixt or medley broad-cloths, pay no more 4 made or to be made before the commencement of this alt, may, ^Jt^before for proof thereof, be wetted and tried by water at the requeft of thi, aft, than the buyer, as aforefaid; and if the fame shall be found upon the the true con-proof thereof, by any two indifferent persons to be chofen, one tent* thereofj by the buyer, and another by the feller, or by the third person by them to be chofen, or by the-fajd keeper of Blackwell-Hally to^ny penalty as aforesaid to contain a lefs or fmaller content in length or for (hort mea* breadth than is contained or Tpecified in every the feal or feals of fare, the mafier, owner, occupier or millman of the fulling-mill or fulling-mills, then the said buyer or his agent shall be obliged to Vol. XIU.	,	P	accept

AnnopftmoGeoRGnril. Stat. 2. C. 15.	f 17*4.

jfccept of the fald cloths, and pay no more than for the true contents thereof ascertained and fettled by the (aid raeafurement, tfs aforefaid, and the clothier, owner or teller, shall not be fiib-jeft to any penalty for foch (hort meafure j any law, cuftom or ufege to the contraiy notwitbftanding.

Offences to be	Vfl. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid,

determined by That all offences againft this aft shall be heard and determined juftices of the by one or more justice or juftices of the peace of the county, pcacc* city, town or place where the fame shall be difeovered, or where foch offender doth Inhabit, fuch justice or juftices being not concerned in the matter of the (aid complaint, upon the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witnefles, which oath foch iuftice or juftices of the peace is and are hereby impowered and required How the for- to adminifter : and that all and every die laid penalties and forfeitures shall features, which shall happen by virtue of fhis adt, shall be dif-bc difpofcd. tribtrted and paid, after the charges of fuch convidtion being first dedudted, if in London, to the ufe and benefit of CbrifFs-* Ho/pitaly if in any other place, to the ufe of the poor of the parifh, townfhip or place where the offence shall be difeovered; To be levied anc* *n any offender shall negledt or refufe to pay any foch by diftrefs in penalties and forfeitures, being lawfully demanded, by thefpace cafe of retufal of thirty days next after the convidtion for fuch offence, as a-t0Pay* forefaid, or in cafe the owner, matter* occupier or millxnan, shall refufe or negledt to repay the forfeiture for want of fufficient - length or breadth of admeafurement, as aforefaid, that then (and notbefortr) it (haH and maybe lawful for £he justice or juftices of the peace, before whom fuen convidtion was made, or where foch owner, matter, occupier or millman doth inhabit, and foch justice or juftices is and are hereby required to ifluc out one or more warrant or warrants, under his or their hands and feais, to the constable or conftables of the pariih, town or place where fuch offender shall inhabit or can be found, to levy thefainp'by diftrefs and fale of the offenders goods, returning the overalls (if any be) to the owner, and where no fufficient diftrefs cafrbe found, to commit the offender to the common gaol, or wife of correftion for the county or place where fuch offender fell be found, there fto be kept to hard labour for and during the Ypace of three calendar months.

Profecutienin VIIL Provided always. That all offences committed againft 40 /days. this aft, faving in the cafe of the owner, matter, occupier or millman, upon refufal or negleft of repayment of the forfeitures ■for want ot fufficient length or breadth in admeafurement, as aforefaid, shall be profccuted withinforty days after the ofences are committed or difeovered.

Perions feed	IX. And be it farther enafted by the authority aforefaid. That

Atoy plead the if *ny aftiOn or fuit shall hereafter be commenced or |>rotecuted ?gainftanyPcrfon Grperions^by this aft authorized toput the fame recover treble *n execution, all and every person or persons fo foed or profe-cofts.	cuted,	may plead the general iflue, and give this aft and the

fpecial matter in evidence j and if the plaintiff shall be nonfuit-ed, or forbear farther protection, qr fuffer dUcontiuuancc, dr *	a	'	a



«?t4|	Abrtftfritno GfeaUcniL Suit. -c. #5.

vtrdift to pdfs agamft him, or judgment upon demurrer, the fitfarfdatt^x* defendants shall recover his or their treble cofts, for which he and they (hail have like remedy as in cafes where-ffvcofts by jaw are given to defendants; and this aft shall he taken and allowed a publick aft in all courts within this kingdom 5 arid all judges and juftices of the peace are hereby required tb take notice thereof as fuch, without fpecial pleading the feme.

X.	Provided diwdys. That if any person or perfects find him or fhetrifelves aggrieved by kny order or warrant made by arty jufttce or juftices, upon any fuch conviftion before hint or them, -as afbrefaid, fuch person or persons may appeal to the next ge-netdl^uarter-feflions of the peace to be held for the county, tiding, or corporation, where fuch conviftion shall be made, giving fufticient notice of fuch appeal; and the determination of fuch juftices in fttch fetfions shall be final, and the said juftices shall allow fuch cofts and charges to the party aggrieved, as they shall think reafonable, to be levied and paid in fuch manner as Isrifoa! in other cafes of appeals from the orders of any justice orjtrfKces of the peace to the qUarter-feflions.

XI.	Provided, That nothing herein contained, or any the penalties or forfeitures which by means of this aft may be incurred, shall extend or be conftrued to extend to affeft any fac-tbror his agent* who shall be only imployed in the (ale of mixt W medley broad-cloth.

XET. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, ^hat from and after the twenty ninth day of September one thouftfnd seven hundred and fifteen, every clothier, cloth-worker, cord-maker, or any other person concerned in the trade of the wbollen manufafture, shall make payment in money to all and every person arid persons any ways imployed or concerned in the find'wdollen manufafture, for all work to be done in relation thereunto, and shall not in lieu of payment in money, impofe upon' or deliver to them, any or either of them, any fort of goodk or wares whttfoever for fuch work; and in cafe any per-fon or persons shall in lieu of payment in money, fo impofe upon or deliver unto any workmen or poor labourers, any goods or wares whatfoever for, in lieu of, or inftead of money, every person or persons fo offending shall for every fuch offence forfeit the flitn or forty shillings, to be recovered and diftributed in fttch Manner as in and by this aft is direfted.

XIII.	And whereas by an aft of parliament puffed in the eighth tint riitith years of his late majcjly King William the Third, intituled\ An act to reftore the market of Blackwell-Hall to the clothiers, •hdffbr regulating the fafters there, it is, amongft other things, protOfded and enafted, That if the owner of the cloth flail negleft to foe for any of the penalties and forfeitures he flail be entitled to by irihtke of the said aft, by the fpace of fix months next after the offence committed, then it shall and may be lawful for any other person to fue for arid recover the fame; and one moiety thereof flail be to the u/e of faMtjefiy, bis heirs end JitcttJfers, end the other to the tn-

P 2	former	j





4M

To be deemed a publick aft*

Perlont aggrieved by the juftices order may appeal to thefeffions, whole deters urination shall be final; and they shall aU low cofts to the party ag* grieved.

This aft (ban not afteft anV faftor. r

Clothiers, to pay their workmen in money, on forfeiture o£ 4Q ••

S&9W.1’ c. 9.

None but the owner of the doth unfarif-fied shall fue the faftor for not demand-

2i2	Anno primb Geoxgii I. Stat 2. c. 1*5.

ing notes, pur- former; which general liberty of feting hath, by experience, Atet foxed foant to % Sc 9 t0 ie wfy prejudicial: be it therefore enacted by the authority P^fecutions ^orc^» That no other person than the clothier, or owner of .for penalties cloth unfatisfied, shall be capable of filing the factor, on account by the said aft of not demanding notes purfuant to the said aft; any thing to be begun in therein contained to the contrary in any wife not with (landing: after the of- an<* f^at no Pro^ecut^on be brought or commenced for any fence. ° " the penalties or forfeitures mentioned in the said aft, or by Vif-"tue thereof, by any person or persons, unleft ftich profeebtion shall be commenced or begun within twelve months next after (	the offence committed.

This aft shall XIV. Provided always, That any thing herein before con-»<*	*?	tained shall not be conftrued to extend to any cloth made or ma-

Yorka^nor nufe<^ured within the county of York ; or to repeal or any wife to repeal the invalidate any of the authorities mentioned or contained in an aft made in the seventh year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, intituled. An act for the better afeertaimng the lengths and breadths of woollen cloth made in the county of York.

XV.	Andformakingtbe fame aft more effectualy be it further en-afted by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the nine and twentieth day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, all forts of Yorkjhire cloths, called whole thick kerfeys, whole thick plains, huggabags and broken quilted kerfeys Hull not be made under eighteen yards in length, and not left than three quarters and an half in breadth by the ftandard yard-wand, when hilly wet, and shall be contented and fealed in fuch manner as Yorkjhire cloths are direfted to be by the fame aft, under Forfeiture for penalties therein mentioned; and that if any clothier orother felling cloths person (hall, after the said twenty-ninth day of September, offer wanting in or expofe to fale any of the aforeiaid Yorkjhire cloths, which shall length, &c. kg macje after tke laid twenty-ninth day of September, and not made according to the fame length and breadth, and be thereof convifted in fuch manner as offenders againft the fame aft ait to be convifted, he (hall, for every inch the laid refpeftive Krf-Jhire cloths shall be lefs than the laid breadth, and tor every half yard they shall be Ids in length than eighteen yards, as afore-and for over-: laid, forfeit the sum of twenty shillings 5 and that if any perfcn

authorities iu the aft of 7 Ann. c. 13.

Length and breadth of York(hire cloths, ker-iey s, See.

ft retching them.

or fixing a mark other

(hall, from and after the laid twenty-ninth day of September, ftretch or llrain any of the aforesaid Yorkjhire cloths when wet, fcoured and milled, more than one inch in every quartet of a yard in the breadth, or more than half-yard in every eighteen yards in length, and fo proportionably, or shall offer or expofe to fale any of the said Yorkjhire cloths, or any other Yorkjhire cloths mentioned in the fame aft, that shall not be contented or fealed in fuch manner as Yorkjhire cloths are by the fame aft direfted to be contented and fealed, every fuch’perfon fo offending in any of thofe cafes, and being thereof fo convifted, as afore-faid, shall for every fuch offence forfeit the sum of twenty (hillings; and that if any maker of any Yorkjhire cloth, orother person concerned in that manufafture, shall at any time after the

than hit own* (aid twenty ninth day of September, fix.

or caufe to be fixed, any

t^ooQle

f Anno primo:G*oRGH I, Stat* 2* d.16.	21$

«vlc upon his cloth, whereby to diftjoguilh the maker 1 eof, other than his own chriftian name and fumame, and. ice, of his refideace, or the first letters of fuch chriftian and, fumatoe, and place of residence, every fuch person fo offending, aad being thereof convicted, as aforefaid, shall for every fuch offence forfeit the sum of forty shillings, all which said refpedtive forfeitures in relation to Yorkjbire cloths shall be levied and paid in fuch manner, and to fuch ufes, as forfeitures incurred by the Forfeitures, fame a<ft are to be levied and paicj, and any person offending in to be re-any of the cafes aforesaid relating to jYorkjbire cloths, upon whom covcreii-fach forfeitures cannot be levied for want of fuffident diftrefc,

(hall he liable to fuch imprisonment and hard labour, for fuch time, and in fuch manner, as offenders againft the fame ad are (for want of fuch diftrefs) made liable to.

XVI.	Provided always. That the penalties incurred by reafon Penalties to be. of the fame ad, or of this ad, in any matters relating toYork-	**	'

ftnre cloths, be inflided within twenty-one days next after the offences are committed or difeovered; and that if any person finds himfelf aggrieved, by any order or warrant made by any juftiee or juftices of the peace upon any fuch convidion, as a* forefiud, in any matters relating to Yorkjbire cloths, fuch person may appeal to the juftices of the peace at the next general quar- Appeal to the ter femonsof the peace to be held for the county, riding or cor^Je"»ons* whose poration where fuch convidion shall be made, giving fufficient fina?*1 notice of fuch appeal, and the determination of fuch juftices in	*

fuch feffions shall be final; and the said juftices shall allow fuch coft8 and cofta and charges to the party, on whose behalf fuch appeal shall charges, be determined as they shall think reafonablc, to be levied and paid in foch manner as is ufual in other cafes of appeals from the Orders of any juftices of the peace to the quarter feffions,

CAP. XVI.

An aS far the attainder of Henry vifeount Bolingbroke of high treafon, unlejs he Jhall render bimfelf to jujlice by a day certain therein mentioned.

WHEREAS Henry vifeount Bolingbroke bath been impeach- Preamble.

ed by the commons in parliament ajfcmbled% in the name of them-fives and all the commons of Great Britain, of high treafon, and other high crimes and mifdemeanors $ to which said impeachmenty now remaining upon record in the houfe of peersy the said Henry vifeount Bolingbroke hath not anfwered, but hath withdrawn himfelf from ju/lice9 without abiding his legal trial: be it enaded by the King’s 010ft excellent majefty, by and with the confent and advice of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament affembled. That if the said Henry vilcount Boling- ciaufc Gf broke shall not render himfelf to the u(her of the biack-rod at- tainder. tending the houfe of peers, or the constable or lieutenant of the Tower of London, for the time being, (who are hereby required tp receive and keep him in fafe cuftody) in order to his trial in parliament, at or before the tenth day of September next enfuing,

? 3	and



it4	Anno	primo GeoR®*H. Stat. i. C.

tnd alfo abide his legal trial for thfc treafons, high crimes*and mifdemeanors, whereof he (lands impeached by the cosMtonl of Great Britain, then the said Heitry vtfeount BdirtgUroi*, not pendring himfelf, or not abiding his legal trial, as aforefaitfc, frWI, from and after the said tenth-day :of September, (land and be ad-judged attainted of high treafon, to aft intents and-parptofes 'whatfoever, and shall fuffer and forfeit as a perfon* attainted of high treafon by the laws of the land ought to fuffer and forfeit,

CAP. XVII.

/fn aft far the attainder of James duke o/Ormondfe

treafon,	unlefs he Jhall render himfelf to justice by	daj

' certain therein mentioned.

Preamble.	<Wf!EfEAS	* Orownde iw/A bem:un£abd

▼ t	by the commons tn parliament affembled, in the nam cfthm~

fehes and all the commons of Great Britain, of high tiwgmt* and other high crimes and mifdemeanors; to which said impeachment^ now remaining upon record in the houfe of poerss the said Jamw date s/ Ormonde hath not anfwered, but hath fled from jn/kce7 &e.

cap* xvm.

An act for the better preventing frejh fifk taken by foreigners being imported into this kingdom \ and for tbeprefervafioen of the fry of fijh\ and for the giving leave to import M* filers and turbets in foreign bottoms, and for the beit& pre^ fervation of falmon within several rivers in that port of . this kingdom coded England,

WHERE AS notwithjlanding the many good laws made for the preservation and'improvement of the fijhery in that part of this kingdom called England, particularly an aft of parliamthfmaie in the fifteenth year of the reign of his late majejly King Charles the 15 Car. ».c. 7. Second, intituled, An a& for the encouragement of trade ; end Car 2 c t one et^er ma^e *n eighteenth year of the reign of bis. faidlate ' ’ 2‘ * Majejly, intituled, An adt against importing cattle from Jrcknly and other parts beyond the feas, and fifh taken by fbrrigtoi, many evafms have of late years been invented and praftifid, \ xvfiert-by that ufeful defign has been very much obftrufted, and mitre ifiberiaSy by the fraudulent praftices of divers ptrfons trading in fenglifhj^rfr, and other vejfels, who when they are off at fea, buy great qildnfttia of fifh caught by foreigners, and import and market the fame in this kingdom, to the great difeouragement and impoverijbmcht of hit Ms-After 19 Sept Jfifty* fabjefts, and manifejl detriment of the fi/bery and navigation \ 1715. no fifh for remedy whereof, be it enabled by the King’s moft excellent taken by fb- majefty, by and with the advice aijd confent of the lords fjpirirual ce^orot?" an^ temPoral> anc* commons, in this present parliament aflfem-ftajits’inhabit- hied, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after ing in Eng- the twenty ninth day of September one thousand seven hundred land, (halfbe and fifteen, no herring, codd, pilchard^, falmon or ling, frefh thisl^dom *?r	dried	or	bloated,	nor	any	gril, mackarcl, whiting,

g	haddock.





Ataas prunaGsoneii I. Seat. 2. c. iS.	tif

Ijpot^ coal-fhh, gulltfifo, congers, noc any fort of noc any other fort of frelh fifh whatfoever, (hail be im-portedinto, fold or expofed to fale, in that part of this king-doai icalJed England, which shall be taken by, bought of, orre-counqd fipom-any, foreigner or foreigners, or out of any ftrangec wdcaagers bottom, except proteftant ftrangers inhabiting within chi* kingdom, nor dull any person or perfhns give or exchange any goods or other things in exchange for any fort of h(h	to taken,	as aforefaid.

II.	And be it further enabled. That every maftcr or com- Every matter, ertvrfkT for the time being, of any lxaack, hoy, yager, boat, &c. of any (hip or other veflel, in which any fifh shall be imported or ft"ac{'> brought to (hone, contrary to the true intent and meaning of JhaH be*Cn-this adk, being thereof lawfully convicded upon his appearance, ported, shall me dcteltwoe after due Gammons, before one or more juftioc forfeit *o I. sr jafl«c«s*of the peaoe of the county, city or place where the *• b*Jev’e<l efiMukr. fliaH refide os be found, by the oath of two. or more by <“™ref,i credible wkodTes, which oath fuch justice or iuftices are hereby ionpewered and required to adminifter, shall forfeit for every offence the sum of twenty pounds of lawful money of Great Britain) to be levied by didrefs and fale of the offender’s goods and chattels, by warrant under the hand and leal, or hands and fads of fuefc juitice or juftices, rendring to the party the overplus if any hie; and in default of payment of the laid twenty pounds, .or diffident didrefs, the fame judice or judices dial! or fuller is commit every fuch offender to the common gaol of fuch coun- months impri-»y, city or place. Acre to differ imprifonment during the fpace fonment> of twelvemonths.

ill. Provided, That nothing heron contained. shall extend. This aft shall e* he aoeftrued to extend, to prevent the importing, buying or not extend enipfihg to fale any eels, dock-fifh, andiovies, fturgeon, bo- Preve,,t t1'® wTorcavear.	IT&c®

r - Aebrteianifiy fte	The mefties of

beam greatly prejudiced and deftroyed by the	nets	too Jtnaanet, t0 be of

Jbot or. tneflj and by other illegal and unwarrantable praftites; be it the free of j enaded by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the 'Lnch“ an twenty fifth day of September one- them fan d seven hundred and	knoC

fixteen, if any peefon or p/rfons shall ufe at fea, upon the coaft C * of that part of Great Britain called Englan', any tranl-net, dragnet or let net whatfoever, for the catching of any kind of fill (except herrings, pilchards, (prats or lavhmi^n) which hath any except for mc0t Or moke or left fize A an force inches and half at lead catching of foofo knot to knot, or which hath any falfe or double bottom, lierrmSs>&c-cod or pouch, or shall put any netor nets, though of legal fize or modi, upon or behind foe others, in order to catch and de- Nor Stall any ftroy the (mall fifh which would have pa (Ted through any Angle net, tho’ of met of three inches and half med), all and every fiich person tad' persons (b offending shall forfieit all and lingular fuch net or Mother, nets, lb ufed contrary to the ttue intent and meaning hereof, , and alfo for every fuch offence-the sum of twenty pounds of law- for£ifurey fill money of Great Britain, to be recovered and levied in fuch thereof, i

P 4.	manner	aol. to!



m.

ttff	Anno	priftufGi<SK»TtIT&act.n <C;iS.

owed as manner andiernt. arthej penaltyabbvpwft&ed upaniheTfa after a®0VC* of any veflel,wherein fiih (haifcbe imported contrary*nthis yfr, is above dire&ed:to be recovered and levied; and indefauit jaf payment of the said tvwenty pounds, or of fuflkient diftrefs,;the offender to be imprifoned in like manner, during the fpace of twelve months.	, - * 1 7. *

Cad moiety to V. And it is hereby .further ena&ed, That all penalties and tJjc informer, forfeitures mentioned in this a<ft, except nets of illegal orfaifc the poor!t0 bottoms, cods or pouches, as aforefaid, (all necessary charges for the recovery thereof being first deducted) shall bediftribut-ed and difpofed of in manner following, (that is to fay), one moiety thereof to the informer, and the other moiety thereof to the poor of the parish where fuch offence shall be committed. ITkaal nett to VI. And it is hereby- further ena&ed and provided. That be burnt. where any illegal nets of lefs mefh or moke than three inches and half at lead from knot to knot, or of falfe or double bottom, cod or pouch, shall be proved, as aforefaid, to have been forfeited, fuch net or nets (hall, by warrant of fuch joftice or jtiftices be publickly burnt.

Penalty of fel- VII. And for the further prefervaticn of the said fry of f/by be hngvifoaUe jt enacted by the authority aforefaid. That if any person or per-fons (hall, at any time after the twenty ninth day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, bring to ihore in that part of Great Britain called England, (ell, offer or expofe to fale, or shall exchange for any other goods, matter or thing, any unusable fi(h, that is to (ay, bret, turbet, brill or pearl, codlin, whiting, mullet, bafs, place, foies or flounders, which shall not be of the feveraT lengths or fizes following, from the eyes to the titmoft extent of the tail, (viz.) every bret or turbet, fixteen inches; every brill or pearl, fourteen inches; every codiif), twelve inches; every .whiting, fix inches; every bafs and mullet, twelve inches; every foie, eight inches; every place or dab, eight inches; and every flounder, seven inches; all and every person and persons fo offending shall for every fuch offence for* reit all and every fuch unfizeable fi(h fo brought on (hore, fold, offered or expofed to fale, or exchanged, as aforefaid, to .the poor of the parish or place* where fuch offence (haH be committed, and alfo (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeitand pay the sum of twenty shillings of lawful money of Great i?ritov,one moiety thereof to the informer, and the other moiety thereof to the poor of the parish or place where the offence shall be committed, and to be levied and recovered as other penalties by this a&infli&d are direded to be levied and recovered; and in default of .pay* ment of the said forfeiture, or of fufficient diftrefs for fatisfa&ion thereof, the offender (hall, by warrant of one or more jufticeor juftices of the. peace, be fent to the next houfe or houses of cor-fed ion, or other common gaol or prifon of any county, city, town or place where fuch offence shall be committed, there to he feverely whipt, and kept to hard labour for the fpace of fix days, ana pot longer than fourteen days.

7	vm,	Pr<h





Anno primo Gf <5R€li I. Sttt. s.c.rS.	217

„ *WIL Provided always. That where any person ftiall fuflfer Perfens fcffer-imprifaranont purfuant totbisad, for any offence contrary here* unto, in default of payment of, or fufficrent diftrtfs for anype- ijab|c t0 fucjj nalty hereby impofed; fuch person shall not be liable afterwards penalty, to pay ,fuch: penalty.

JX. Provided alio. That no person shall fuffer any puni foment Profecution in far any offence committed againft this ad, uiriefs the profecution^me month, for the fame be commenced within one month after fuch offence committed ; any thing herein contained to the contrary ^not-withftaadiog*

. X. And whereas by an aft made in the tenth and eleventh years of ,

Khtg William the Third, intituled, An a & far making Billingf gate a fine market for {ale of ftfh, the importation of lobfters and tar be tun foreign veffels is prohibited: and whereas the said prohibition has made hbjlers and turbets much dearer than they were before the puffing the said aft; for remedy whereof, and for the better Lobfters and fppplymg this kingdom with lobfters and turbets at reafonable turbets mar x?tes, be it further enaded by the authority aforefatd, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any person whatfb-havc &en be-ever, as well foreigners as Britijh, freely to import, bring in- *ore the ad to, and fell in the kingdom of Great Britain, in any fftip.orvef- 10 & u W. j. fcl whatfoever, any quantity of lobfters or turbets, whether they be of foreign or Britijh catching, in the fame manner they might have done before the said recited ad of the tenth and eleventh years of. the reign of his late majesty King William was made;* any thing in the said ad, or any other ad unce made, or ufage; to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

XL And whereas in an aft of parliament pqffed in the fmirth and fifth years of the reign of her late majesty £>ueen Anne, intituled, An act for the encreafe and better preservation of falipon, and other ftih in the rivers within the counties of Southampton and Wilts, there is contained a cloufe whereby it is enabled, That no person or persons (not being duly qualified) Jbould thereafter kill, deftrey, or xvftfullyfiurt any falmon or Jalmon~kind, or any other fijh; and that The clause In. neither they, nor any other person or persons whatfoever, should or +*$ might, at any time or times after the thirtieth day of Tune which totVecatchinf Jbould be in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fix, of falmon, &c. take, HU or defiroy any falmon, falmon-ptal, or falmon-kind, by repealed, fo hawks, racks, gins, nets, angles, or other devices whatfoever, until after the eleventh day of November in every year, or offer to fale thc fifoerie* any of the find fijh Jo taken, under the pains, penalties, forfeitures therein me*. and imprijonments in the said aft mentioned; be it enaded by the honed, authority aforefaid, That the said claufe, fo far as the fame doth and may concern the refpedive owners and proprietors of the fifoery and fifhing in the refpedive rivers in the said ad mentioned, and every other person and persons entitled to ftfh in the feme, and every of them, and his and their refpedive fervantf and agents, and every of them, shall be and is hereby repealed, end be deemed and taken to be hereby repealed.

XII. And it is hereby enaded by the authority aforefaid. After Nov. if, That it (hah and way be lawful /or fuch QWners, proprietors i7*stiUAugti,

7	•	*'	gpd111 cvcry yw.



following, or in any year year between thofe days, take any fal-won, &c.	.

si 8'	Ahnoprina»GRd*«rl.	Statua.	c. nSA [i>*4&

foafa owner*, and perfiras, anhbit aad> their fc*vant» and agents, and every, oonjahn or any ofthan, at any time ortimes hereafter, fiwuhoekvenh ■ lainwi, c. day o( November,which (halt be intbeyear ofourLordoaetbov-fand. form hundred and fiftoen, until the first drool Angujbvk-every yeaiV to take, kill or destroy any falmon, faknon-peal ov falnaon-kind, or offer to fide any of the foki Mi fo taken-be-tween the times afbrefaid.

No foch owner XIII. Provided, and- it is hereby ena&ed by theauthorif* a-(hall, after forefiiid, That no fuch owner, proprietor or periba afomfajnt or» Aug. 1.1716. any of his ortheir fervants or agents, shall or may at arty thno nil Noy. 1*. or times after the firftday of Auguft which Stall be its the yearof or w £ortj Qne tj^ufand (even hundred and furteeo, and bstwoca. that day and the twelfth day. of November then newt following, or at airy time ortimes then afitaybotwcea thefirft day of and the twelfth day of November m any year, take, tali' or do-, ftroy, or wilfully hurt any fidmon, fahaon-peal or fitlmon-knid, by hawks, racks, gina, nets, angles, or other devices whatfoewp, or. offer to fak any of the fiud filh fo taken, under the like pans, penalties, forfeitures and imprifoaments as are menboeod asd> contained in the laid recited aft.

XIV.	And whereas the Jeveral afts of parliament heretofore made* • for tie	prejervation tf fiflnng within tie rivers of this realm, haw

hitherto proved ineffectual inrefped to tie rivers Severn, Dee, Wve, Tea me. Were, Tees, Kibble, Merfey, Dun, Air, Ouze, Swatte, Calder, Wharf, Eure, Darwent and Trent, for went of n due encouragement to be given to fiub	who could	difuvet

illegal prattices and abufes done therein, and-by

ntfi and eupenftyeneft of the fuits and proceedings di	bythe fad

akt for pumfheng Juth abaftt-, whtreforefor remedy thereof, and for the better fecuring the (pawn, fry, and young breed of fid-Deftmyingthe g,, in the laid riven, be it further enafted by the authority) fry ot lalmon nfortfM, That if any person or persons whatfoever shall at any time hereafter, ley or draw any kind of nets, engines or devices, or wilfully do or commit, or caufe to be done or committed, any other aft whatfoever in the fiud rivers, or in any of them, whereby the fpawn, or fmall fry of fidmon therein, car any kepper or faedder-falmons, or any falmon not being in length eighteen inches or more, from, the eye to the extent of the middle of the tail, shall be taken, and killed or drilroyad, or shall hereafter make, creft, or fist any bank, dam, hedge or frank, net or nets crofs the said rivers, or any pert thereof, whereby the fidmon therein may be taken, or hindred from palling or going up the said rivers to fpawn, or (Hall at any time . ~ hereafter, between the hft day of July and the twelfth day of foW river, be*	Novemberfor ever, by	or with any net, device, engine, ways

nr means whatfoever, take, kill, deftroy, or wilfully hurt any fthnen of any kind or fize whatfoever in the laid rivers, or shall at any time after the said twelfth day of November filh them for falmon with any other net or nets than-what is or are allowed of by an aft of parliament made iit-the first year of tho reign of Queen jbHzabfti, ifttifofod, An a8 fir- frtfermm offpawn and

fn

in the river*, Severn, Pee,

and taking

tween the laft ot July and Nov. it. with any other net, &c. than arc allowtft by ' lElfac, c, 17.

LiOOQle

r?t4,J Anne primoGidKnrJ. Sttt.2. c.t8.'	219:

fryoffp', and by another	made m the thirtieth, yearof the *nd jaCair.».

reign of our late fovereign lord King	he	Second, inti- ftat* *•$*■*•

railed\ A* o8 for the preftroatitn of fiflringvt tbe rivet Severn, emt yperfon (a offending in any ofthe said cafes, who Soil be *£<t0?eH‘!er canrt&ed: thereof before any justice or juftices of peace of cowuywherein the said offence (tali be<caramitted, either up- awj nets $ to on view of fuch justice or juftices, by confofBen of fach offender, be levied by arty* one dr moMcrtaibtewatnc&orwitndies upon oath (which diftrefej caftkevery fitch jufticeof peacei# hereby impowered to admi-nifter) shall forfeit tbefiim of fore pounds for every fuch offence^ befidetthe firth fo taken, and the nets, engines and devices ufod in doing Orcbmtmttiog the feme; one moiety of the feidfom to be pahf to the informer; or informers, and' the other moiety thereof to the poor of the parish where the faidoffence (hail pac crtthirtktd; to' be levied by diftrefo and (ale of theoffender’s gOOdb and chattels, by warrant under the hand and feal of the jsiUtoe or juftices of peace before whom he shall be convicted, aedffefefald, rendring the overplus, if any be, over and above thocHovges of the diftrefa, to the person fo dtftrained and forr*nd for w»nt yrawtof (uch diftrefs the offender shall be committed to the ^“^commtaed to of corredtion, or other county gaol or prifon, for any time nobtt,e houfe of eaMOecfing three months, not iefs than one month, there to be osneAmt^rck kept <0 bat'd- labour, and differ fuch other corporal poni(hinent^<benm, art^Ae laid justice orjoftices, upon confuferation of the cmnitn-	®*

ftenOespf’fuch offence, shall Aink fit; and the (aid justice oru oyea> j WUtCS of the pence, before whom the person (b offending (talk be Wewidted, (haft eider fooh nets, engines and devices nude vie of In taking fudi fi(h, to be feized and immediately ctu> tm pieces, or otherwise deftroyed in his or their prefence, and (hallWl1 b*"Jt*»*^* atfs cede (uch banks, dams, hedges or ftariks, made or eredfod crbfe the laid river, to be detnolHhed and' removed at the charges-oTfuch offender, fuch charges if not paid’down on convidhon, tt> be levied in the feme manneoas (he (aid fan of fine pounds ibtypefeittd to be levied'.

i '-XV.	And whereat. foverolfijhmongers- of London and otbor dim

oHd towns,	by tbtmfelves\ or their agerits, frequently bu

with' thefjbermen ufing the said riven of Severn, Dee, Wye,

TdnMtoj-Wbre; Tees, -Kibble, Mcsfcy, Dim, Air, Ouzr,

•while, CaMer, Wharf, Eure, Darwen* and Trent, or others <• phfdHfpthm,	for grteat	quantities of	fah to be toienin Seeding to

rwArf Hobieh gives great eneeuragement to the toting	fan*

wefhOHbte kngtks, arfd at tmftafmabit times; be it therefore fur-tftetf enft&dj That no fiich fahnon shall be (tat to London to alwAtow* fisch fifhmongers, or thtaragents, that shall weight lefc than fix left than fix pounds each feh; and every person buying, foiling or fending pounds weight arty fiich falmon of iefs weight than fix poands, who fliah be eacb*

Cottvt&ed thereof in manner as aforefsid, shall forfeit the fum . ,.	.

of five pounds for every fuch offence, befides the filh fo to be 5 bought and (old; one moiety of the said fum and fi(h to be phw andtfiftributed to the informer or informers, and the utbec (ftbiefy thereof. to. thd poet of the parish where fiich offence

fi^all



2*20	Anno	prlmo	GfioRGir I. Stat.2. c.i^ [[1714.

to be levied by shall be committed; the (aid Turn,, ^ not paid upon convidioo, diftrefs, ^ ^ levied by diftrefs and Tale of the offender’s goods and chat* tels, by warrant under the hand and feal of the justice or juices of peace, before whom he shall be convi&ed, asaforefaid, ren-dring the overplus, if any be, over and above the charges of-and for want, fuch diftrefs, to the owner; and in default of fufticieqt diftrefs, to be commit- the offender shall be committed by fuch juffice or juftic$s tot he ted for 3	houfe of correction, or other county-gaol or prifon, there to be.

mon 8*	kept to hard labour fpr the fpace of three months, Unlefs the

said forfeiture shall be in the mean time paid, nifoed by this XVI. Provided, That where any offender in the said rivers, a&, than not m any of them, shall be punilhed by force of this aCb, he incur the pe- shall not be profecuted, jtor incur the penalty of any other law nalty of any Qr ftattjte for the fame offence.

other law. XVII. Provided also, and it is hereby enaded. That all per*., Appeal to fef- fons who shall think themselves aggrieved by any judgment of deten^nation anY j11®®® or juftices of the peace, in any of,the cafes aforefaid, shall be final* maY appeal to the juffices of the peace of the county, city or place where fuch judgment shall be giyen, at their next general quarter feflion, who are hereby impowered to hear and finally determine the fame.

The owners of XVIII. Provided, That this a<ft, or any thing herein con-undent wear* tained, shall not extend or be conftrued to extend, to any an-c*cnt wcars or *oc*cs uP°n any rivers; but that it shall and may. Acnotwith- ^ lawful for the proprietors or owners thereof to repair, mam-ftanding this tain, rebuild, remove or take down any of the laid wears or locks, as they might have done in cafe this ad had not been, made.

CAP. XIX.

jfn aU for raifing nine hundred and ten tboufand pounds fof publick Services, by fale of annuities, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, redeemable by parliament ; and Jo authorize a treaty concerning private rights claimed by the proprietors of the Jugar-boufes in Scotland.

FortbiaMc*- 1U°ST	Sovereign, Whereas in and by an 48 of this

tiourfmoM IVi session of parliament, intituled, An act for enlarging the anfibbytiu fund of the governor and company of the bank of England* re-* oajtt 1 Geo. feting to Exchequer-biHs; and for fettling an additional revenue £ *8*1^?*!°^ onc ^undrcd and twenty thousand pounds per annum upon flat. i. c. *». * his Majesty during his life, for the service of the civil govern* ment; ana for effabli(hing a certain fund of fifty four thousand fix hundred pounds per annum, in order to raise a fum not exceeding rtine hundred and ten thousand pounds for the service of the publick, by fale of annuities, after the rate of fix pounds per centum per annum, redeemable by parliament, it is, amongfi other things entitled. That far raifing a fum not exceeding nine bun* dred and ten thousand pcunds, as part of the necejfary ftlpply for the feryice of your Majefy's navy and forces, and other publick wafions.



221.

Anno primo Georgii I. Stat.2. c* tg.

a certain yearly fum of fifty four thousand fix hundred pounds, from the feafi of St. Michael the archangel in the year of our Lord one thaufand jeven hundred andfifteen, for ever, /ball, by quarterly payr merits at the four mofi ufual feafis of the year, by equal portions, ivfthout any deduction or abatement whatfoever, be feparated and fet apart at the receipt of the Exchequer, out of the monies of a general or aggregate fund arifing and to arife by several duties and revenues in and by the jaid aft appropriated for that and other purposes therein particularly expreffed; and that the said yearly fum of fifty four tboufand fix hundred pounds, Jhall, from time to time be ijfuea and applied to anfwer and fatisfy fuch perpetual annuities as Jbouldbe purr-chafed after the rate of fix pounds per centum per annum, fubjeft nrvertheltfs to be redeemed according to the true intent and meaning of fuch aft or afts of parliament as should be pajfed in that behalf: and whereas it is by the aforesaid aft provided, That from and after the complete paying off and difcharging all the principal and inter eft which Jhall be due upon all the Exchequer-bills therein mentioned, and camelling the fame, and full payment of all arrearages (if any Jhall be then due) for and upon the allowances, yearly fums, and deficiencies thet ein expreffed; then and not till then, the said general or aggregatefund by that aft efiablijhid for the several purposes aforefaid, and all the fubfidies, duties and revenues contained therein, Jhall be widerfiood to be redeemed by parliament, other than and except certain particular fitbftdies and duties therein defcribed, that is to fay, the fubfidies and duties called the two thirds of a fubftdy of tonnage and poundage, upon goods and merchandizes imported, ana certain duties upon coffee, cocoa-nuts, chocolate, cocoa-pafie, tea, nutmegs, cinnamon, cloves, mace, piftures, and muflins, and certain increafed duties upon coffee, cocoa-nuts, chocolate, cocoa-pajlt, tea, nutmegs, citi-

Jion, cloves, mace, and piftures, and certain further duties upon white catiicoes, China ware, and drugs: and it is by the fame aft alfi enaftedy That all the said particular fubfidies and duties fo excepted, Jhall be continued for anfwertng and paying out of the fame (amongfi other payments therein mentioned) all the monies which after fuch redemption Jhall grow due for and upon the said yearly fum of fifty four thousand fix hundred pounds for the payment of the said annuities, after the rate of fix pounds per centum per annum, intended to be purchafed, as aforefaid, and that the fame annuities should continue for ever, unlefs they be redeemed by parliament; and that the find particular Jubfidies and duties fo continued far anfweringfuch payments, or fo much thereof as should be J'ujficient to pay the fame, art and Jhall be appropriated, iffued, and applied thereunto, in fuch manner as in and by the said aft in part before recited (relation thereunto being had) may more fully appear; and whereas it is conceived. That the said fum, not exceeding nine hundred and ten thousand pounds fir the service of the publici, may be raised by fale of annuities, after the rate of fbe pounds per centum per annum, and confer quently thatforty Jive tboufand five hundred pounds per annum, part of thesaid fum of fifty four thousand fix hundred pounds per annum, will be a fuffcient fund for anfwering the faid’ annuities at that > tate, until fuch redemption: now for the encouragement offuck perform





iMA	Anno	prfmo	GSdfi(5if	f. Start1.2.	(ft	<7*4.

fobs and corporations as art orfhatt be willing to advance, fpr ibi jfc vice of the publicity any fum or /tints of money, not exceeding nine fmn-dred and ten thousand pounds, for pur chafing annuities at the find rate of five pounds pet centum per ahnum, to be fettled Upon the jbid yearly Jum offorty-five thousand five hundred pounds, part of the /aid yearly Jutri of fifty-four theufand fix hundred pounds, Until redemption by parliament, according to the tenor and true b&dning of *this alt: we your Majesty's moft dutiful and bydl fubje&s, ihi cm* \mons of Great Britain in parliament affcntbled, do humbly befeech yoik 114a)efiy, that it may be enalled and declared, and be it enafted and declared by the King’s moft excellent majdfty, by and with the ‘advice and confent 6? the lords fpiritual and temporal arid commons, in this present parliament aflembled* and by the autho-45,5601. to be rity of the fame. That the yearly fum offofty-fivd thousand five the yearly	hundred pounds, part of the said yearly fum of tifty-*four thou-

fund forpay- fen<j fix hundred pounds, is and mall be a dlftmft and ftparate t?w, at	and be iffued and applied as this aft dirtfts, for anfweritfg

cent.	and paying the said annuities, after the rate of five pounds per

See 9 Geo. t. centum per annum, to be purdhafed upon this aft, by quarterly c* £	payments, until the redemption thereof by parliament, accbrfl-

iG^t.ftat.a. *n§ to Prov^° herein after fpecified : any thing in this or m c. t%0	*	* the said recited aft, or in any other law or ftatuve whatfoever^ to

the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

Officers, ca- * And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. That all df-fiiiers. See. li- ficers, cafhiers, and other persons whatfoever, who are or fliall able to the aft be concerned in raiftng, receiving, or accounting'for the ifeveral 9	3*	duties or retinues, out of which the laid yearly fum of forty-

five thousand five hundred pounds, part of the said yearly firtn of fifty-four thousand fix hundred pounds, is to be fupplied, as aforefaid, or any of them, or in feparating, paying, applying, or accounting for the raid yearly fum of fifty-four thousand fix hundred pounds, or any part thereof, daring the continuance thereof, or any part thereof, fhaH perform their several duties . in the premiffes, as to them refoedfively shall appertain, under fuch and the like penalties, forfeitures and durabilities, for any offence or negleft therein, or for detaining, diverting or mi (applying any part of the said yearly fum of fifty-four thousand fix hundred pounds, or of the said yearly fund of forty-fiv'e thofc-fand five hundred pounds to be fupplied out of the famo,orthe monies appointed tor raifing them, or cither of them, or ufiy part thereof, as are preferibed and to be inflifted by virtue bf an ’ aft of parliament made and pafled in the ninth year of the reign 9 & 10 W. 3* of King IVittiam the Third, of glorious memory, intituled, JIn ic. 44-	alt for raifing a fum, not exceeding two millions, upon a fund for

payment of annuities, after the rate of eight pounds per centum per annum, and for fettling the trade to the Eaft-Indies, for the like offence or negleft, relating to the duties thereby granted or referred to, or for detaining, diverting, or mifapplying any part of the monies which were granted or appropriated by tne aft laft mentioned.

HI. And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid* That year-

Jy



*f*+\ Anno prtm6 G&orgIi I* Stat.fc. c.ig.

ly and every year, from and after Ad feaft of Saint Michael fhe Fund to take

archangel, m the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred Placc

and fifteen, for ever, the said yearly fum of forty-five thousand i;,s*

five hundred pounds, arifing as aforefaid, into the receipt of the

Exchequer, mall be the whole and entire yearly fund ; and in

cade all the monies arifing into the Exchequer, as aforefaid, (hall

slot in any 'fuch year amount to fo much as forty-five thoufand

five hundred pounds, then the monies fo arifing, fo far as they

will extend, shall be part of the yearly fund for or towards the

anfweriog and paying all the annuities after the rate of five

pounds per centum per annum, to be purchafcd upon this aft :

and that all and every deficiency and deficiencies of the said Deficiency to

whole yearly fum of forty-five thousand five hundred pounds, beiupplied

or any part thereof, which shall appear at the end of any one °/the

year, to be reckoned as aforefaid, tor payment of fuch annui- P*™*-

ties as (Hall be purchafcd upon this aft at the rate aforefaid, for

the feme year refpeftively, shall be fupplied or made up, from

time to time, out of the first aids to be granted in parliament

next after fuch deficiency shall appear, and (hall, from time to

time, be, transferred thereunto, as foon as Tuch aid shall bd

granted.

TV. And it is hereby enafted. That all the monies by this or All the monies the (aid recited aft, required to be brought into the Exchequer*!° or to be there fet apart, for or upon account of the said yearly m a fum qf fifty-four thousand fix hundred pounds, shall be fairly and dulyentred in one or more book or books to be kept in the offices,ot the auditor of the receipt, and clerk of the pells, for ^hat jpurpofe, to which all persons concerned at all feafonable times shall have free accefs without fee or charge.

V.jM for railing any fum and turns of money, not exceeding in Any persons thr wBUe we said fum of nine hundred and ten thousand pounds for may be con-pubUcifrviccs as aforefaid: be it further enafted by the authori- tnbutor*, tyr aftnrefaid. That it mail and may be lawful to and for any per-	'

fori or persons, natives or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate. tb contribute, advance, and nay to the first or chief calhier tof the governor and company of the bank of England, for the tune being, at or before the refpeftive days and times by this a& limited in that behalf, any fum or fums of money, not exceeding in the whole the said fum of nine hundred and ten thou-fend pounds, for the purchafe of any annuity or annuities, to commence from the said feaft of Saint Michael the archangel in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifteen ; riba fo.be paid and payable to fuch contributor or contributors, or fuchas he, (he, or they shall nominate, his, her, or their QCicutofs, adminiftrators, fucceflors, br afiigns refpeftively, un* m tbe feme shall be redeemed according to the tenor or true meaning of the proyifo or condition herein after-mentioned in -that behalf$ fo as fuch cafhfer or caftiiers do first give fecurity * to the good liking of any three or more of the tommiffioners ot* his Maiefty’s treasury now being, or of the high treasurer or commimoners of the treasury, for the time being, for duly on*

fwering



224	Anno	^rim©	GeoRgii	L	Smt	2.	C. i^ fijif

fwertng and paying into the receipt of the Exchequer ibr^jbfr poblick ufe, the monies fo to be advanced or contributed, to account duly for the lame; which annuities beforenDientiotK ed shall be computed at the rate of five pounds per centum pai annum, for every one hundred pounds, and proportionsbly fee any greater fum fo to be advanced or paid; and the {mrchafo*. money for every fuch annuity at the rate aforefeid, ishereby appointed to be paid to the said ca(hier, as aforefaid, at or>bc* fore the refpe&ive days and times herein after limited, thatrda Times of pay- to fay, one fifth part tnereof on or before the twenty-ninth day Bicnt* of September in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifteen ; one other fifth part thereof on or before the twenty-ninth day of November in the year of our Lord one thoufiuul seven hundred and fifteen; one other fifth part thereof on or, before the twenty-eighth day of January then next enfuing; one other fifth part thereof on or before the twenty-ninth day of March then next following; and the remaining nfth parttbere^ of on or before the twenty-ninth day of May which mail be In the year of our Lord one thousand (even hundred and fixteen^ all which annuities fo to be purchafed, shall not exceed in the whole the said fum of forty-nve thousand five hundred pounds per annum, and shall be paid and payable at the four molt ufuat feafts or days of payment in the year, that is to (ay, the feaft* of the birth of our Lord Chrift, the annunciation of the blefied\ virgin Maryy the nativity of Saint John Baptift, and Saint JiSr-4 chael the archangel, by even and equal portions, or within fix days after every of the said feaft-days ; the first payment thereof to be due at the feafl of the birth of our Lord Chrift, which shall be in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, or within fix days after the fame feaft-day; neverrheJefs the said annuities shall be redeemable according to the $mport and true meaning of a provifo or condition herein after contain-Cafhiertogive in that behalf, and not otherwife; and the said calhierof the a receipt to said governor and company, for the time being, is hereby ad-contributors, thorized and required, upon the advancing and paying fo him any fuch fum and fums of money, as arorefaid, forthwith to give a receipt in writing, figned by himfelF* for each payment* to the contributor or payer thereof; and from time to time to and to pay in- Pay ,%nto the receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer all the monies to the Exchc- which he shall receive, of or for tnesaid fum not exceeding nine quer, &c. hundred and ten thousand pounds, as faft as he shall receive the fame, or any part thereof, or within five days at the fkrthefti and to account for all the monies fo to be advanced to him* m his Majesty’s court of Exchequer, according to the dtte'coorfe .thereof; in which account the said cafhier mall have juft allowance of all moqies which he shall have paid for prompt payments purfuant to this 2&.

Accountant k VI. And it is hereby enabled, That in the office of the at-general of the countant general of the governor and company of the bank of a bookof the	for the time being, there shall be provided and kept a

contributors6 book or books, in which mere shall be fairly entred the names &c.	*	of





*9*4*3 Anno prim©G*oJtGii I.StiL^.c. 19:	%i$

or mil who shall be contributors for fuqh annuities after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, as aforefaid, and of all per-Ions fay whose hands the said contributors (ball pay in any of the find Anns upon this a&, and alfo the fum fo paid; to which book. it shall he lawful for the said refpe&ive contributors, their executors, .admiriiftrators, (ucceflors arid affigns, from time to time, ftt fcfrfeafbnable times, to have refort, and to infpedt the fame *othout fee or charge $ and the (jaid accountant general, for the time being, shall on or before the twenty-fourth day of June one Thoaifand (even bundled and fixtecn, tranfmit an attefted duplicate, feirh 11 written in paper, of the said book or books into the office of me auditor of the receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, there to remain for ever.

VS. And it is hereby enadted by the authority aforefaid. That Annnjt*ef all fend every the annuitiesTo to be purchased at the rate afore- charged on £rid, fhaH be and are hereby charged upon, and shall be paid and the fund of payable, from time to time, out of the monies arifing and to a- 45>5°°l'*c« rile, of or for the said yearly fund of forty-five thousand five hundred pounds,-or by other the provisions or fupplies made or tobe made by or in purfuance of this adt, for the payment thereof in the manner and form by this adt pxefcribed in that behalf; and that all and every contributor and contributors upon this mOtj duly paying the confideration or purchafe-money at the rate afolefaia, at or before the reipedtive days and times in this adt	,

litnSted irt that behalf, for fucb annuity or annuities, as afore-laid, or fuCh as Jit, (he or they shall appoint, his, her or their te^edtive executors, adrainiftrators, fucceflors and afligns, shall have, receive and enjoy, and be entituled by virtue of this adt, tO bare, receive and eqjoy the refpedtive annuity and annuities fo to be purchased out of the monies by this adt appropriated or appointed, or to be fupplied for payment* thereof, as aforefaid,

*itd shall have good and fure eftatcs and interefts therein for .ever, fubjedt only to the provifo or condition of redemption in this adt afterward^ contained concerning the fame ; and that all *t|»e (aid annuities to be purchased on this adt, and the princi-M monies paid for the fame, and every of them, during the Taxdree. continuance thereof, shall be free from all taxes, charges and imopfitions whatfoever.

VUI.	Aid	for	the more eafy and	fure payment of the said annul- Bank to 1m-

7/Vf, tobt	purchafed, as aforefaid, according to the true meaning of P*°V » chief

thatrefent ail j it is hereby further enafted by the authority a- a*co„ntant forefaid, That the governor and company of the bank of Eng- general. idnd% and their fuccefTors, shall from time to time, until the said annuities shall be redeemed by parliament according to this aft, appoint and imploy one fufficient perfon, within their office in .the city of London, to be their chief or first cafhier, and one other The calhier to fufficient perfon, within the fame office* to be their accountant receive the general} and that fo much of the monies which shall or ought fund at the 'to l)e from tirfie to time feparated or fet apart in the receipt of 'Exchequer, for or upon account of the said yearly fund of fifty **	^

■four thonfaul fix hundred pounds, for anfwering the laid anfiu-

Vot.XUl.	"	tries	•	-	-



Anno pruno G£0Rgii i. Stat. 2. C. 19..	£1714!

Uks Ip,he purchafedupon thisad, as lhall hear afyll proportion tp-the whole hup, which ihall be advanced or contributed Upon this aft, after the laid rate of dye pounds centum

amtun,fliall by order of the commiffiouers of bis Majesty’s .tnea-fitry, or any three or .more pf them, now being, or of the high, treasurer, or coaaqaiffioners of the tjeafury of his Majesty, hif heirs smd fucceflors {or the time being, without any further pfc Other warrant to be fued for, had or obtained in that bebal£bc from time to tifne, quarterly, as afioreftid, iflued and paid *C the Ibid receipt of Exchequer, to the laid first or chief cathief pf the said governor and company of the bank of	pod	-of

their fucceflors for the time being, by way of impreft, and jijh. pn account, for the payment of the said annuities tp be pur-chafed tipon this ad, at fuch times, and in fuch manner and form as ore by this ad prefcribed in that behalf; and that alj and every fuch calhier or calhiers, to w.hom the /aid monies (ball from time to time be iffued, shall from time tp time without delay, apply and pay the fame accordingly, and render his accounts thereof according to the due courfe of the Exchequer $ any thing herein contained to the ccmtrary notwithftaoding. Accountant IX. And it is hereby alfo enadeo, Thiat the laid accountant general to in- general for the time being lhall, from time to time, infped and eetosof the examine all the receipts and payments of the said calhier, and caiicr. -die vouchers relating thereunto, in order to prevent any' fraud, •negligence of delay; and that all and every person and perfco* whatfoever, who mail be entitled to any of the laid annuities after the rate of five pounds per centum ter , and all pexv Ions lawfully claiming under them, lhall be pofiefied thereof, as Annuities a -of a perfonal eftate, and the lame lhall not be defcendable tp the heir, and lhall not he liable to any foreign attachment by ihe ’ cuftom of London* or otberwife ; any Jaw, llatute or cuitom to -the contrary ootwithfianding.	’

Intercft at g 1. X. And for the encouragement of the contributors to advance 09$ per cent, for pap readily to the said cajbier the fums by them intended to be advene^-prompt pay- tg uptn (fa afl. jt js provided and enaded by the authority .ar *	fbreiaid,	That	every	fuch	contributor	who	lhall advance ana pay

to the said calhier within the times limited bytliisad, the pur-chafe-money payable for any annuity nr annuities at the rate a-fbrelaid, his, her or their executors, adminiftrators, fuccefloes and afligns refpedively, lhall be allowed and paid out of the corv-tribution-money ariflng by this ad, interelt, after the rate of eight pounds per centum per annum, for the prompt payment of the purchafe-money, or of fuch proportions of the purchaTc-money as lhall be lb advanced before the twenty-ninth day .of September,ope thoufapd seven hundred and fifteen: the Jaiaim-teceft to be computed for the reljpedive fums Q> advanced .and paid to the said calhier, from the timeor ref^dive times of tly? adual advancing and paying the fame to the flud calhier until /the said twenty-ninth day oi September post thquflmd seven hundred and fifteen.

XI. And be it further eroded by the authority alprefaid,

% ...





Anno primo Georgii I. Stata. c. i^.	iuf

TTli* M Aw monies to be advanced orcontributed upon tWs^uft Allthe monies wf Orto*aids the said Tom, not exceeding nine hundred and ttjf advanced to AbtAm!'pounds, shall be deemed, reputed and taken to be one &c. capital o/^ifrt-ftock, on which the said annuities, after the reto nGco.i.c. u qt five pounds fer centum per annum, shall be attending ; and that aH and every person and performs and corporations whatfo-ever, ih proportion to the money by him, her or them advanc-ed upon this aft, shall have and be deemed to have an intcreft or ihare in the (aid ftock, and in the proportional annuity at-* tending the famd, at the rate aforefaid, for the monies To by him, her or them advancedand that the said capital or joints flock, or any fhare or interest therein, and the proportional an-nutty attending the fame, shall be aflignable and transferable a# this aft dtrefts, and not otherwise ; and that there shall be con-ftandy kept at all reafonable times in the office of the said chief a transfer accountant for the time being, within the city of Lwdcny a book book to be or bobfcs^ therein all aflignments or transfers of the said ftock* kept by the or any part thereof, and the proportional annuity attending the

chief account* ant. &c«

fefnd, at the rate aforefaid, (haH be entred and regiftred, which ' entries shall be conceived in proper words for that purpofe, and A\aD be figned by the parties making Rich alignments or tranf-fcrs, or (if fuch party be abfent) by his, her or their attorney thereunto lawfully authorized by writing under his, her or their bands andfeals, to be attefted by two or more credible witnefles? and tjiat the person or persons to whom fuch transfer shall bt made,1 do underwrite his, her or their acceptance thereof; and	*	■

that po other method of afligning or transferridg the said ftock arid annuities attending the fame, or ahy part thereof, or any intcreft therein, shall be good or available in law.	'

Xlf. Provided always, That any person or perfona pofleffcd Devifet of an-pf fuch fldck, with the annuity or annuities attending the fame, nuities to bo or any estate or intcreft therein, may devife the fame by will in ^edintka writing, attefted by two or more credible witnefles, but that fuch °mcc* devHee ihall receive no pavment thereupon, till fo much of the frid will as relates to the (aid ftock or annuity, be entred in the farid office, and in default of fuch transfer or devife, the said ftock and annuities attending the fame, shall go to the executors or adminiftrators ; and that no ftamp-duties whatfoevei* fttaH be chargeable on the said transfers, or any of them; any Nofbuup-dd-other law or ftatute to the contrary notwithftanding.	ties.

XfH. And it is hereby enafted and declared. That all per*- Aflignee of fens who shall Accept any aflignment or transfer of any flock ftock liable to from any contributor, wno shall have paid only part of the con- pay the refi-^ tribq&on-moaey for the fame, to the Ufe of the publick, shall du«°f contri--be habile tojAy the refidue of the said contribution-money, and nw,0&cT°* to ftich forfeitures for non-payment thereof, as the original cori-	*

tritjutor would have been liable if no fuch transfer had been made. i

XiV. ‘Provided always, That no person or persons wharibe- No coutribu-ver ftiall or may purchafe or obtain, or be admitted to purebafe tion after 29 ift obtakr any of the annuities at the rate aforefaid, upon this X7I$-

*	2	aft.





*2?	Anno	primoGtfoRGnI.	Stat.	i.	c.-itji

. aft, tttilefs the whole or one fifth part at kaft of *he «nfi4trtM’ tion-money for the fame, at fuch rate as aforefaid, be advwabei and paid to the said caihier on or before the said twenty-mod* day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifteen.

Penalty for not Xv. Provided alfo. That in cafe any fuch contributor, as a-paying by the £orefaid? who shall on or before the laid twenty-ninth day of uroes appoint-	onc thousand seven hundred and fifteen, have advanc-

ed to the said Caihier one fifth part of his, her or their said pur-chafe-money, or his, her or their executors, adminHhators, fuc-ceffors or aliigns, do not advance and pay to the (aid cafhier, one other fifth part of his, her or their ccmfideration-money for to be paid for fuch refpeftive annuity or annuities, as aforefaid, on or before the twenty-ninth day of November then next efcfuing ; and one other fifth part thereof, on or before the twenty-eighth day

*.... of January then next coming; one other fifth part thereof^ on

or before the twenty-ninth day of March then next fofto^ring; and the remaining fifth part thereof on or before the twenty-ninth day of May which shall be in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fixteen; then and inkvery fuch cafe refpeftively, fo much of the confideration-money as (hall' have been actually paid for the first payment to the said cafhier for fuch refpeftive annuity, shall be forfeited for the benefit of the publick, and no intereft, at the rate aforefaid, shall be payable for the said first payment; any thing in this aft contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

Bank to con- XVI. Provided always, and it is hereby enafted by the aur tinueacorpo-thority aforefaid. That the said governor and company of the ration till the bank of England, and their fucceflors (notwithftanding the re-—esare demption of all or any their own funds, in purfuance of the redccm-> &c‘aft$ for eftablifhing the fame, or any of them) shall continue a corporation, with all the powers, privileges and advantages thereuntp belonging, for the purposes in this aft exprefled, till all the annuities to be purchased on this aft shall be redemed by parliament, according to the provifo herein after contained ia that behalf; and that the said governor and company, or any members thereof, shall not incur any difability for or by reafon .of the;ir doing any matter or thing in purfuance of this aft*'

No fees to be XVII. And it is hereby enafted by the authority aforefaick taken. That no fee ot gratuity whatfoever shall or may be demanded or taken of any of his Majesty’s fubjefts, for receiving or paying the said contribution-monies, or any of them, or for any tallies, or other receipts concerning the fame, or for iffuing the (aid yearly fund, or any part thereof, or for paying the faia annuities, or any of them ; and that no fee or gratuity shall be demanded or taken for any transfer of any fum great of ftnafi, to be madf in purfuance of this aft; upon pain mat any officer or person offending, by taking or demanding any fee or gratuity contrary to this aft, shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds to tne party grieved, to be recovered with full cofts, in-any’ of his s	Majeftvs	courts	of	record	at	IVeRminfler.	,	'

XViil. Provided always* and it is hereby enafted by the authority

i 1 Ajwifr piiuip Geoeoii X Stat a. c. i#	*££

tb<IR^I^eCa4; That at any time upon one year’s notice and When thefe ropqjfm&t by parliament of the said fum of nine hundred and ^nede^^1 ten j^ufwd pounds, or fo much thereof as shall be advanced ^©Geo. i. c. 5. upon thisjuft, unto the refpe&ivc contributors of the fame, or to /ti£h perfiw* and persons, as by, from or under them, shall bettan entitled to the jfcid annuities, after the rate of fivp povfflkfo&r untWl&r	in	refpe# of the money fo advanc-

ed, according to fuch interefts as they refpedtively shall then, have in fame annuities, and alfo upon full payment and fa- * tisfa&ion, m all arrears of the said annuities, after the rate of five po*Qd$f*r wfHtr\ ptr amtum^ if any shall be then due, then and npt tLUjJtlcn, the/aid annuities, after the jate of five pounds' par cwfMpn jwanjmm3 shall ceafeand determine, and from thence-ford&ft much of the (aid general or aggregate fund, and of the laid particular duties chargeable with the said annuities, as aforefaid* as the fame annuities shall amount unto, fhali be, Undcr-ftoocLtp be redeemed by parliament, but without prejudicing any othgT pf the yearly fums or payments, by this or the said recited ta£fc charged or intended to be charged on the said general Or aggregate fund, pr upon the said particular duties which shall then remain to be fatlsfied out of the fame; any thing herein contained to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding,

XIX.	Andwhtretts several exemptions from cujloms and exeife have bem+andesre claimed as private rights by the proprietors of the fugar- Claufe for a hmfes in Scotland, touching which exemptions several queftions have trcat.y con: arifm* not as yet decided: and whereas it is evidently prejudicial to his va™?^hts~ Majejftfst reyenue% and to all other traders in fugar j, and diftilling of claimed by the fpiritSj that fucb exemptions Jbould fubjift and continue; and yet ne- proprietors of vertbioiefs it is juft that reasonable fatisfaction should be made to the the fugar-said proprietors for any fuch private rights 5 be it therefore enabled Scotland!

by die authority aforefaid, That the commifltoners of the trea- By 8 Geo. 1. fury, or any three or more of them, or the lord high treasurer c. 4. f 6, 7, for die time being, shall be and are hereby impowered tg treat *• Sucbpropri-Witk the proprietors of the fugar-houfes aforefaid, for fuch a ^ZitTailer^ ium or fums of money as may be a reafonable fatisfaltion for March 172s. fuch private rights of exemption from cuftom and exeife, to which the proprietors are entitled.

XX.	Provided always, and it is hereby enabled. That the com-

mjffioners of the treasury, or high trealurer for the time being, Thecaftuer shall have power to allow to the ca(hier or cafhiers, who shall re- and account-ceivetbe said contribution or advance-money, not exceeding nine hundred and ten thousand pounds, as aforefaid, for his or their	'

pains and charges in receiving and accounting for the fame, a fum

not exceeding five hundred pounds, out of the contribution or advance-money aforefaid, and shall alfo have power (out of the remainder of tne said yearly fum of fifty-four thousand fix hundred pounds, to arife oyer and above fo much as shall be fufficient, from time to time, to difeharge all monies which shall be due on the annuities tp be purchafea on this ad) to allow and pay to the said ca(hief for the time being, a falary or allowance not exceeding jwa hundred and fifty pounds per annum> for receiving the mo-

q.?	wey

MtofpAuMGwWM-l* S«M{fft?.

ncy to pay die annuities UpbA this aft, smd- applytog-tfte ftart to that u(e, and for his pains and charges in keeping affct ring his accounts thereof; and a falary of allowance Me 1 ing two hundred pounds pe attnum to the (Wid atXoUntahfgdW-ral for the time being, for his service and charge -lit1 performing the duty and’trull incumbent upon hhn by this aft-} any tWtig lit this or any other aft contained to the ctotttwry (landing.

CAP. XX.

/fn aSl for encouraging alt fttptriors, vaffals, leMilUfdi Md tenants in Scotland, who do and continue in tbdfr duty and loyalty , to bis	King	George j	4if-

. tour aging all fuperiors,	landlords and tenants

there, who have been or shall be guilty of rabellioHs praf-' tiees againft bis said Majesty % and for making ■ fraudulent entails, tailzies and conveyances made for barring or excluding the effeft of forfeitures have been, or shall be incurred there on ady fuch diced# % as alfo for calling any	or	ferfons,	wbdfe

eftates or principal	refide are in Scotland, to appear at

Edinburgh,	or where it Jhah to

bail for their good behaviour •, and for the better deforming	difaffeRed persons in Scotland.

WHEREAS the	ptwho, in the life biteftug

James, pretended to be prince of Wales* ceafe has taken upon him the file and title of King of England, byjfu name of James the Third, and King of Scotland, thf name ff James the Eighth, or the file and title of King of Giwt Britain, being bred in the principles of popery and tyranny, baf declarers intention to make an	upon	Scotland, tr	of hr

part of his Majesty's kingdom of Great Britain, or other dominions, meaning to	feduct his from thftr	detty-.oni

allegiance, and to overturn the ffttlement if	injhe	pra-

teftant line,upon which the fuhverfton of the r*form*d religion fp theft kingdoms,and ruin of the liberty of the	tnuftfollow. if ruttf-

fary conftquence: ana whereas in fuch conjuncture especially,- is is puft juft to punijb rebellious fubjegts, and at the fame tune to reward-juh as continue firm and loyal to bis Majesty's person and government 3 therefore be it enafted by the King’s moil excelleBt fn^f&y, by and with the advice and content of the. lords fpirjtjnalan# temporal, and commons, in this prefect parliament aflefnbWdt ferfons hold- and by authority of the fame. That if any of his JAajqfty’s •"	fabjefts	of Great Britain, having lands or tenements in Scotland,

property orm*n property or fuperiority, has-been or shall be-guilty of high superiority, treafon, by holding, entertaining or keeping any intelligence or and adhering correfponaence in perfon, or by letters, melTages, or otherwifc, to>the preteu- w[th the laid pretender, or with any person or perfens imploy^d

by

^«4*t .Anne primo'Gvascii I. Sat. z. c. 20.	a$*

far -bin** .knowing fuch^pecfon to be fo employed, or (hall, bybjl| der, ftall b« oCpxcflange or otherwile, remit or pay any lumor (urns of mo- l£*h wey for the ufe or service of the said pretender, knowing fuch trealbn. mpoey to be for fuch ufe or service, and that whether the said or things be done within or without this realm, or has $43% qr shall be adherent to the (aid pretender in this realm, giving him aid or comfort in this realm, or elfewhere, eveiy tuch offender, who shall be thereof duly convidled and attainted, shall be liable to the pains, penalties and forfeitures for high treafon, all and every vaflal and vafTals in Scotland* who And peace*-poormue peaceable ana in dutiful allegiance to his Majesty, £lct vaffaJ* . ng heirs and lucceflbrs* holding lands or tenements of any fuch	0^en^

Offender who holds fuch lands or tenements immediately of the der shall hold crown, fyall be veiled and feized, and are hereby enabled and them of the ordained to hold the said lands or tenements of his Majesty, his crown* heirs and fucceflors, in fee and heretage for ever, by fuch manner of holding as any fuch offender held fuch lands or tenements of the crown at the time of the attainder of fuch offender; And if fuch and where lands or tenements belonging to any fuch peaceable !andf Ikwith-and dutiful (tibje<fts to his Majesty, his heirs or fucceflors, lie j”1* within any regality or copftabulary in Scotland> the fame shall fe’diffolvYl be and they are hereby diflolved from every fuch regality or therefrom, conftabulary for ever ; and in like manner all and every tenant *oG«o.».c ^ in6 tenants in Scotland, who shall continue peaceable ana in du- Tenants con-ttful allegiance to his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors aforefaid, ftdnaSiaMh-bruicking and occupying any lands, milns, mines, woods, fifh- ^an hold mgf or tenements,. as tenant or tenants, taxman or taxmen, their lands.

from and under any fuch offender (hall, and they are hereby &c, of perfoat ordamed to broick and occupy all and every fuch lands, mines,	a	^

milns, woods, fkhings aAd tenements, for the fpace of two Tngknyrtnti

years or crops, to be accounted from and after fuch attainder, &c. for two* freely, without payment of any rent, duty or service for the year*.

(aid tiro years or crops; and the court of Exchequer in Scotland Exchequer!!** is hereby authorized and required, on production of any fuch Sc‘(!tli>nd to attainder, to revife* compound and pafs fignatures, and that favf"r^P* without paying any compofition in favours of every fuch vaflal fuch vaflals or vadab, and his, her or their heir or heirs of the said lands without any and tenements above-mentioned refpeCtively, to be bolderi of c°n>Fx>ta<xtt bis Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, in fee and heretage for ever, and by fuch holdings as is above-mentioned, with cTaufes « nova dams, and (where fuch lands or tenements hold waird or few turn	maritagio, or with daufes irritant) with change of

holdings from waird to taxed waird, according to the rules now1 observed in the court of Exchequer in Scotlandy difpenflng with recognition and claufes irritant in favours of the crown in time qoming, in the moft ample and bed form, to the end that char-tours and infeftments may be thereupon duly exped.

- lL And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That The lands of if any fubjed of Gnat Britain, holding lands or tenements of a *£"*"*! S’Jrfy fubjedt fuperior in Scotland, has been or shall be guilty of fuch ,°eComofte high treafon or treafons, as aforefaid, every fuch offender, who into the hands

0,4	(hall

Anno prime Georg n I. Stit. a1

of the fuperi-ftallbd thereof duly comrifled and attainted, fhdllbe fiabie*> ®r*' G the pains, penalties aVid forfrfAiw’for; Ki^h treafon, ahtfhis c^i52. f. io! kdds or tenements held of any fubjeA fupenor in Scotland^OxM fitperiors\ &'e. reri^ofce ind reborn into the hands of the faperOT,^i«d- the are to pay a property shall be and is hereby confolidated with the fuperioritjr^ propoi ttonabU fo the fame manncr as if the fame lands or tenements nad been &bu of at-	the vaflal refigned into the hands of hrs fuperiorvri* petfe*

tainted per fans, tuamremanentiam ; and in cafe any tenant or tenant8,ta*mair or taxmen, bruicking and occupying any lands, mines, miln, woods, fifhingS or^tenements, being guilty'of fucli high treafocr of treafons, as aforefaid, and shall be tnereof duly cbftvi&ed and attainted, the title by which all and every fuch tenant jot tenants, taxman or taxmen, does bruick or occupy, as afore-(aid, shall ceafe and become void; and the lands, mmesr, endns/ woods, filhings and tenements fo bruicked or occupied, tbge* flier with the (ingle and life-rent efcheat of fuch tenant or te*

.........nants, taxman or taxmen, shall return to and be enjoyed atid

pofleffed by the person or persons from or under whom fuch title is derived refpeAively, who shall continue peaceable and dutiful to his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors.

Superiors, Sec. HI. And for preventing of frauds or collufm in order to evade themfe^ves^n- ^jts	lt	^urtber	enaAed	by the authority aforefaid, That

fettwitbin fix" ^ foperiors, vaflal s or tenants, to whom the lands, mines^ month*, o- milns, woods, fifhings and tenements above-mentioned, are tberwife the declared and ordained to belong, shall not within fix months, beioncr tot0 ** ^Ckoned fr°m the time of the attainder of the offenders the crown? rdpeAiVely, obtain themselves infeft, or do diligence really and without collufion for attaining pofleffion, in every fach cafe Ac forfeitures shall belong to his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors. * havet^be-	Provided	always,	That	none	of his MajestyYfubjeAv

nefit of*tbis wb^her fuperior, vaflal or tenant, shall have the benefit of this aft.	aA, excepting fuch who being lawfully called out or required1

to join with his Majesty's hoft in oppofitibn to Ae said pretender or his adherents, shall do the fame, or who (not being fo called1 out or required) shall continue peaceable and dutiful tahis Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors.

T*il*i«!»&c* v. And whereas there is reafon to believe that fevered ferjoar Au« ifx7i4. intendingt0 commit high treafon or treafons, as aforefaid, have made by perfom a£ tailzies, entails or fettlements of their' ejfates, in favours if thbir tainted Audi children, or other heirs of tailzie, or conveyances, fecurities or alma* be void, tions, with a fraudulent intent to avoid the puni/bment of the inter due to the offences above-mentioned; be it therefore enaAed by AC authority aforefaid. That all tailzies, entaih, fettlements ahd conveyances in favour* of the grantees children, or other heirtf of tailzie, or trufts, fecurities, or alienations of any eflates or inheritances made in Scotland, in the name of whatfoever person or persons, since the flrft day of Auguft one thousand seven htrn-died and fourteen, or that mall be made there in time coming by any person or*perfons who shall be conviAed and attainted of any fuch high treafon or treafons aforefaid, shall be, and they are hereby declared void and null to all intents and purposes,

excepting

A*fl»prirt» GscmGn £ Scat*-2.; c*ao«

cwccptirig fiuih deeds, fecttritios ortd alienations as have beat ■fckfefince thuiitoe aforefaid,otr-ftwll be made there intime coming, lor juft and onerous caufes, the said onerous caufea . being always otherwise inftrodled than by the writings them-Selves* •	■	■	’ <

■ VI. -And whereat alfo at this pmUure It is nteeffarjfor tktpublick fafety, and fsr the fafetj of rveryparticularfubjetl, to prevent their betngfeducid to rebellious,	/editions and unlawful praldites again/ bis

Majcftj’s facrei perjbn, government, and the	and that by

methods	asmuy be mofl eajj to the Alye&s i	bt ittherefore further

enaSod-by theauthorlty aforefatd, That from andafterthe first After Swt. i. dayof September one thoufahd(even hundred and fifteen,and un-	Jy*

Caunb Kitn/frmlan/)'. ** • •

fifteen j the Xing's advocate, or in his or his deputy's abjcnce, general, &c. h»» Majesty’s foficitor in Scotland,may and (hall, upon a war- toiflhetmert, rant under his Majesty’s hand or lien manual, or warrant from fbch person or persons as his jMajeny shall impower under fdai appointed by the treatyoif-union to be kept in Scotland in scotlaud, to • place of the great feat, for that effed, apply to the lords juftice,appear** B-general, justice clerk, or lords commiflioners of judiciary m d,nbur*b» Scotland, craving that letters may be ifliied, and (upon produc-tmn'bf fiich warrant) the bid lords justice genera), juftioe clerk, or lords commiflioners of jufticiary there, are hereby authorized and required to caufe letters to be ifliied in his Maje-fty?s name, and-at the inftance of his advocate, or in his or his'	•

deputy's abfence, his Majesty’s folicitor in Scotland, for his highness's inter eft, ih common form, commanding and charging	.	.	J,

foA perfbnor persons as have their estates or ordinary re fide nee oritbun Scothnd, to appear at Edinburgh, or any other place or: pbcesin Scotland, and at fuoh times as his Majesty, or the per-* fora fe hnpowered shall think fit to appoint; and if his Maje-or foch person or persons impowered in manner aforesaid Aril think lit, then and there to nhd fufficiont bail and caution and find bail, Ibr the loyal and peaceable behaviour of every fuch person or&c* perfdins, and to appear when and where fuch person or perfons	]

Audi be appointed; and in cafe of contempt or wilful difobedi- Penalty of not* eace, every fuch person or persons being charged by authority appearing, t of fitch tetters as is herein above diretod, shall incur the penalty of finale and life-rent efeheat, to be brought in for his *

Majesty’a ufe, and shall be further fined in the sum of five hundred pounds sterling, and be liable to one year’s imprifon-fnent; which letters are to contain a warrant for citing of the How the pp> Aid person or persons, being within Scotland, perfonally, or atf?ttk*H be these* dweiling-houfes; and an cafe of any disturbance or oppo- ofdillurbancr fibon mfade to the meflengers or witnefles imployeddn fuch fer-<&c. vie*, to cite in the fame manner 'as by the law of Scotland (where there is no tutus actejfus) is directed, upon seven free days where the charge is agamft any person or persons living upon the fouth fide of the river of Toy, to appear at Edinburgh; and upon fifteen free days,' where the charge is againft any petfon or persons living upon th$ north fide of the said river;

2 34	Anno priftsoGfloaoit f.Satttv t-ad, [171^

and whenfueh person dfc persons ate not in Scotland,- upon ferny days, according to the form ufed for citing persons who am abfent out of	Scotland.

The nem^of VII. And	for thefurther. encouragement of burning

Undsare'held	bravery m bis	Majefly's and the country's ,	the /aid

vraird of the pretended and	his aaherektt i be it alfo'.fuftber «n*6ted by the jtu-

crown, and thority aforefaid, That if it ihail happen any fubjeCfc of Gnat !*•«» Britain having lands* or cftate in Scotland held vraird of the Ihr's service'a- crown» or of any fubjeCt fuperior there, as weH vaflal as fab-gainft the pre- vaflal, to be killed in his Majefly's service againft the £aid poo-tender, fhatf tender and his adherents, or to receive wounds whereof any fce.fr5e?L fuch person or persons shall afterwards die, the heir of every BuuheKing Perfon or persons shall be and is hereby cruCted and'or* or fuperior * dained to be frie of the duties and cafuakics of wail'd, relief may appoint and marriage, .for and on account of fuch lands or eftstc ; q*-foph warn), oepting only. That it shall and may be lawful to hi? vi£on°fer the* ***s heirs *nd fuccefloTs, where (he hinds of fucb per flat or pw-» wife. An. Ions hold immediately of the crown, and to the immediate fo-•oOeo.sx.jo. perior, where fiich fends bold of a fubjeCt, to appoint the fiud cafuslties of waird, relief and marriage, to be.applied for pre* vifion of the wife, or younger child or children unprovided for* or not competently provided: for, due confidential* being always had to the condition of the heir.

No attainder . VIII. And btcanfe it is hard that any creditor, remaining in (ball exclude pgacetobU Ond dutiful allegiance	his heirs and fmctejfr

peacefblVcre- *r,» Jhouid fuffcV by the rebellion of his debtor •, be it therefore fur* Sitor. ther enfccted by the authority arofefaid, That no conviction or attainder, on account of the high treafon or tfcafbn* above-mentioned, ihail hurt or exclude the right or dDigenceaf any fuch creditor rtmaWing peaceable and dutiful, for focurity co-payment of ahy true, juft and lawful debt, contracted boons the commiffion of any of the forefidd crimes.

N^ne (halt be IX. Provided always, and be it enacSed. by the authority a witnefs a- aforefaid. That no person or persons, who may reap or bavo whose attaint benefit or advaritage by the attainder, conviction, or forfei* dfeherteeteesture of ahy person or persons by Virtue of this a&, ihail be ca» benefit. pable Of being a witnefs or witnefles againft any person or persons, by whole attainder, conviction or forfeiture, any benefit ihail or may accrue to fuch witnefs or witnefles.

Lieutenant* X. And for the better /tearing, the peace of the kingdom, be it rint* tolifee further goaded and ordained. That the refpeCtive lieutenants in arm*, fife, of that part of Great Britain called	fludl, over and above

perfons dan* their power of comfmanding the mUitla*. and fenfible men, sWd geroos, conftittning deputy-lieutenants, and other officer#, be hereby . enabled and authomxd by themfelves, or any two or raore of their deputies^ to grant warrants under their hands and fealty appointing fuch person or pOrfons. as they shall think fit (of which a commifljoned officer, and the connsbleor his deputy, car in the abfence of the conftabfe and his deputy, (base other person bearing office within the ihire or ftewaitry where the fearch ihal) be, shall be two) to fcarch, for and feiw all arms,

- •	am*

»>* 4-V AfiSKTprfttle Sz&n&it X. Sts*.«. e. *t»,	e^.

aMttamtioit, ^ ottowdlHarttorttv thecwftddy

fatkm I	of any pterion*ot pttforis, whom the said lieutenant^

aky two or mere of their dfeputiei, shall judge dingtffous to the • peace of the kingdom, and to fecure foch arms, SnWhUrilfion, of- otlcer wartike ftbrefe for* the publick fervlee, and thereof, time totjmey (o‘-gjM accounts to the said tefyfcdtoe lieri-and iUtbefr abfence, of dtherMfc by their directions, wlhuk deputteSj^erany tWo or mote of them:

•	XI. PfOvMad/ThatrlU (bob fehrbH be made in' any houfir or when the-b<sofk* between fim-terting and fottMtihg, other than in cities rearch may be mtt tMlr fdbtirbiv boroughs royal,- boroughs ©f ragility and*"4** •*

Of btrtmyr where »t: (Hdl and may feelflvrfid to ftSrcH Jn the fiiftHt^iinte By-warturit, sis- afofceffcicfjif the warrant (half fo direct : and that no dwelling-houfe of any peer Of thfe realm be; Houfes-of fearcfmd by virtue of* this ad# But by immediate warrant from

hit Majeffy, under fris (igh manual# Or iil the pretence Of the but py «»r-Ifctatdttafit, ot one of the deputy lieutenants of the fame (hire or'rant of the fle twenty;-and that in aU 'places and Koufes whatfdever where King, &c. (fctrcKisto be made; as aforefaid, it shall and may be lawful, EDtryby force in ettfo df refiftUnCe, to enter by force; arid that? the arms	re*

feized may be reftored to the former owners again', if die laid' A like* erf ants, or in their abfence, as aforefaid, their deputies, or may be re-atiytyto or mere of them shall fo think fit. •	ftored to the

•	Ml. Arid be it further enaCted, That all iriagiftrittSs# arid wnera. after officers Within the (aid (hires or (tewarffies, cities, bo- Magiftratet, iMgjlt or pfaees aforefaid, be arid are hereby required tO be &C. toaffift. aiding and affifBng td the said refpefUve lieuteharits and their deputies, or any df them, ifr execution of the pnftirHTeS * and

that aU and eaery person and peffons, who shall atft or do any tferngin execution thereof# (ball be her Ay fated hmfmlefs and MktAnided.

' XIII. Provided alio# That front and- after the flrft day of No peer capa-ftMn (tent to1 come, no perfori belrig a peer df this rtMtftj Me of being a flodl be capable of s&ing or ferving Os lieutenant on deputy lie“t?n5,rt». XlUMKant, in that part of GfeatSritoin called	Unlefi	JJT, '* u* * #

hf «T they shall firft, before fix lords Of his Maje(ty’s privy ftrtkfeil for the time being, or fitch other persons as shall be authorized by his Majesty by order in council, to adtrimlftet the fame, take and fubferibe the oaths of allegiance and abjura-don, and fubferibe. the aflurance appointed. by law for persons haVingofficeS or places of trulf; and that from and after the Nor any under fifitTfim d&y of GtJiier no peffoti under the degree of a peer of the degree of this roahtt, (hull be capable of a&ing as*-lieutenant, deputy * P*er* unle&, lieutenant, or other officer, in thfct part of. .Sftfard .called *Ca ’Cctrtow^unMahe or they mall first take and< fubferibe the oaths, and fubferibe the aflurance aforefaid, which oaths arid aflurance iny one justice of the peace of the refpedttve (hires or ftewar-tries is hereby enabled to adminrfter; and the said lieutenant, br anyone justice of the peace of the refpe&ive (hires or ftew-wtriesr aforefaid, is enabled to adminifter to the refpe&ive deputy lieutenants, not being peers; and the said refpeCtive lieu*

-	tenants,

2$6

Pcrfons having taken the oaths, exempted from taking them a-gam.

Tobe certified to the feffions.

Perfilty of negle&mg to take them*

The aft i W.

& M. feiT. x. c. 15. extended to Scotland.

Exception.

Anno priroo GeoxgijI. Stat.[1.7*4;

tenants, and in then abfcace, qr.otherwife-by their dfredBvw when they are not ahfcnt, their, deputies,-or any two of tbeto fhall, and are hereby enabled.to adminjfter the laid oath* and aflurance to the laid, officers.

, XIV. And be it further cnaded,That fuch person nr pcrfons. who fhall, in purfuance of this ad, have, taken and fubfisnl^d t|re oaths, and fubferjbed the. aflurance aforefaid,. shall not the further obliged to do the fame for. the bud matter or caufc.by. virtue of any other law or (Utute j and the /aid pexfnaor per-fons, their taking and fubfpribing the said oaths, and their fbbr-feribing the faid. afTurance, shall be certified into thcpexttjuar-. ter-feffions of the peace which shall be held for fuch ffcure or. ftewartry, together with .the original fubfcrjption or fubfaripr: tions of the fame.

XV. And be it further enaded, That all and every fuch person or pcrfons who shall ad as lieutenant, deputy lieutenant, or other officer, after three months negled tp take or fubfcrtbp.the oaths, or to fubferibe the afTurance, as aforefaid, /hall be liable to all penalties and difabilities, as persons executing offices or places of truft, after three months negled .of taking and fuh-feribing the oaths as appointed by law.	..

XVI* And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, • That from and after the tenth day of September next to come,; an act made in the parliament of England in the first year .of .the turn o( the late King William and Queen	intituled,

aft fer the better ftcur'wg the government, by	papifls	and

reputed papifls., shall be in force in that . part , qf Greet .Britain. called	Scotland,excepting only that in lieu of the de^larafKVX

meotioned in the said ad, the oaths of allegiance and abjura-t don shall be taken and fubferibed, and the declaration caSed the Formula., recited in an ad of (he parliament of Scotload,pad$e& in the year one tboufand seven hundred, intituled,	pte-

venting the growth .of popery, shall be likpwifc made apd fulm feribed ; and alfo that the counties, ridings, and divifiona.men* tioned in the aforesaid ad, shall be conftrued and underftoqd.ia Scotland to be fhires or ftewfutries i and nothing in the said ad contained shall be conftrued to eftablifh any office which is not now in being i

An act for enlarging the capital flo fund of fit South-Sea company, ana for fupplying thereby tight bftsh dredtwenty-two tboufand thirty-two pounds four JhiUHgt and eight pence to pubtick uf *, and ■	dred ftxty-nine tboufand pounds for the tike ufes,

annuitier upon diver's encouragements therein mentioned $ and for appropriating feveredfupplies granted to bis Majefy.

MAY it pleofe your mofl excellent , Whereas the capital or joint-flock of the governor and company of merchants of Great Britain trading to the Sputh-Seas, and	tf.Ame?

ppb



*37

17 t*T Aimd primo GeoRCiI Tv Stat. l. c. 2tv

ricaa* *»/y&r encourbgihg the fi/bery, being adjufled and fettled, puf«' fmam to an aft of parliament made and faffed in the ninth year of the reign ef her late mdjefty ffhteen Artne, of bk/fed memory, intituled, 9 Ann, c. 11. An a$ for making good, deficiencies, and iatisfying the publick, debts; and for erecting a corporation to carry on a trade to the Saoetb-Seas, and for the encouragement of the fifhery 5 and for l^bterty to trade in unwrought iron with the fubjedb of Spain ; and to repeal the adU for regiftring fezmtn,-doth amount to the'	^

fitter , of nine millions one hundred feventyfeven thousand nine hundred1 fixty-feuen pounds fifteen Jhillings four pence, and the 'yearly fund payable in refpeft thereof \ ter the find governor and company, and their juccejfors, after the rate of fix pounds'fcr centum per annum, at the reteipt of the Exchequer, until the fame Jball be redeemed pur- ' fuant to that, and an pft of the tenth year of her find late Majejlfs i0 Ann. c.$#* reign, intituled. An a dt for contmuing the trade to the Soutb-Seasp granted by an adt of the laft fcflion of parliament, al-thoc^gh the capital ftock of the said corporation (hould be redeemed, doth amount to five hundred and fifty thousand fix hundred feverdy-etght pounds one /billing and four pence, befides the fumof dgbt thousand pounds per annum for and towards the charges of /. tfie /aid company for management; and whereas the said governor and	1

company of merchantsfor accommodating your Majefly* s publick affairs,

On vailing that the mm of eight hundred twenty-two thousand thirty-two pounds four findings and eight pence may be added to the present capital or joint flock of the find governor and company, whereby the whale capital or joint flock of the said governor and company will a-r mount to the sum often millions, and whereby the flock for the said fient of eight hundred twenty-two thousand thirty-two pounds four /billings and eight pence may be dtfpofable for fiuch publick ufes and fertnces as are herein after preferred, fo as the sum of forty-nine thousand three hundred twenty-one pounds eighteen /billings and eight pence per annum (being after the rate of fix pounds per centum per annum for the said fum of eight hundred twenty-two thousand thirty-two pounds four /billings and eight pence) may alfo be added to the said yearly fund of five hundred and fifty thousand fix hundred fe-vmty-eight pounds qne /billing and four pence, from the feajl of the nativity of Saint John Baptift in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, whereby the increafedfund of the said governor. and company of merchants, from ana after the ftafl-day lafi mentioned, will amount in the whole to fix hundred thousand pounds per annum (befides the find yearly fum of eight thousand pounds for charges of management) and fo as the said increafed yearly fund be continued unto them until the fame /hall be redeemed by parliament, as is herein after mentioned, and fo as the monies due to them upon their present yearly fund, and to grow due to them on their said increafed ytarbf fsmd, and the monies due and to grow due to them upon thejaii eigfit thousand pounds per annum (until fuck redemption) be paid and ficured, according to the tenor and true meaning of this present aft j now we yourMajesty’s moft dutiful and loyal ’fubjedts, the commons of Great Britain m parliament aflembled, being defirr out to aid yowp; klajefty with foch fupplies as may be leaft bur--	"	~	‘.................................  thenfome

Artndprfmo GsbuctT I. Star. 2.	[if***'

thenfome or vexatious to you* jbfeje&s, do townWy prtiy 'yoOf1 Majesty that it may be ena<Red and declared; and be it eftfcdhed. and declared by the King’s moft cxC*llentm*j«fty, and* *kh~ the advice and content of the lords fpiritnal and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aUembled, and by *u-4*. thority of the fame. That die said fom of eight hundred twenty—

to the capital of the South* Sea ftock.

two thousand thirty-two pounds fowr (WHrogs ami eight pence, is added and united, and by force and virtue of this a& fhatt be, and be.deetned and taken (as from the said feaft of the nativity of Saint John Baptift in the year of our Lord one tfactu-fand seven hundred and Gfttm) t6 be added and unitod to the said capital or joint-dock of the governor and company Wore named ; and that the said capital or joint-dock, with the feme -	addition,	from	the feaft-day lad Hferitiontd, doth amount, M

fhaU be efteemed to amount in the whole to tan millions Aer-Treafurer of Kng; and that thetrfcafurcr of hk Majesty's Mvynowbeutg^ or the navy to	the treasurer thereof for the time being (hall, before the feaft of

fhm^n the $a*nt A/Motl the Archangel in the year of our Lord one thou-company’* fan^ &ven hundred and fifteen, write and be admitted to write book by Mich, the said funft of eight hundred twenty-two thousand tfowy-two ,7,5*	pounds	four	(hillings and eight pence in the proper book of the

laid governor and company, as part of the capital or joint-ftock of the fame; and that the said ftock of eight hundred fweoty-two thousand thirty-two pounds four Shillings and right

Since, fo to be written in, shall be transferable, stod from the id feaft of the nativity of Saint John Baptift shall have the fame dividends, benefits and privileges, and be fubjedt to the fame rules, direAions and powers, as the reft of the '’capital ftock of the said corporation from that time is to hove, enjoy or be fubjeA unto.

And to tran*- H. And it is hereby enaAed by the authority aforebid, That dfrtheromUfe	treafurer	of	the	navy,	who shall write in the bid fota of

panyCC°m* eight hundred twenty-two thousand thirty-two pounds four 583,330!. 8d. ftnllings and eight pence, as aforefaid, shall immediately there-p«rt ot the upon transfer and affign (in due form) to the caftner of the (Sad Oid ftock fo gOVCrnor and company, or whom the court of direAors of thd wri cn in, c. governor and company fhaH appoint, for the ufc bf fhe said governor and company, the foil fum of five hundred eighty-three thousand three hundred thirty-nine pounds and eight pence, part of the said ftock which shall have been fc written in, as aforefaid, that is to fay, two hundred feventy-five thousand three hundred thirty-nine pounds and eight pence, parttheoeof, in foil fatisfaAion of their said original fond for the half-year, reckoning from the feaft of the birth of our Lord Chrift one thousand fever) hundred and fourteen, and ended at the said feaft of the nativity of Saint John Baptift tn the year of dur Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifteen inelufivety; three hundred thoubnd pounds more thereof in foil fatisfaAiotr of their said increased fund for the half-year, reckoning from the said feaft of foe nativity of Saint John Baptift in tne’ year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, and to end at thd

feaft



171+.]1 Amioprftno Georgh I. Stat. i. C, t r.	*34

feaft of the birth of our Lord Chrift in the fame .yegr one thou-land /even hundred and fifteen inclusively; and the remaining eight thousand pounds thereof in full fatisfaftion of the said allowance of ejgnt thousand pounds pfr annum, for their chargee of management for one whole year, beginning from the said feaft of the birth of our Lord Chrift one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, and to end on the like feaft-day in the year of opr Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifteen indu-

IlX Provided always, and it is hereby declared to be the true At Chriftmas intent and meaning of this present aft, That the said governs 17x5. an ac-aqd copnpany, or their cafhier for their ufe, shall and may (not- °°unt to be withftanding any provision made by this aft) proceed to receive ™ontc$ arifing fo jcpuch of the money anting by the partipular duties on falt^ by duties5 roOk-felt, and candles, and by the several rates on monies given on fait, can-wjtb qlerks,.apprentice^,, and frrvants, mentioned in the said dies, &c. of aft of the ninth year of her late Majesty’s reign, as they might have received if this aft had not been made ; but that withinw ten days after the feaft of the birth of our Lord Ghrift ooe thousand /even hundred and fifteen, an exaft account (ball be made	.

up by .the auditor of the receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, of all the monies, which, within the whole year ending at the lame feaft, shall have been received by the laid governor and company, or their cafhier, of thofe particular duties or rates, and the ftim total of the monies fo received or to be received by theaA within the said year, shall go and be reckoned and accounted a* part of the said increafed fund, which shall first grow due to the /aid governor and company, after the said feaft of the birth of pur Cord Chrrft in the year of our JLord one thousand fever! hundred and fifteen, and shall be dedufted out of the fame in-creafed fund accordingly; any thing in this or any former aft or a^s of parliament to the contrary notwithftanding.

JV. And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. That the The remain-fum of two hundred thirty-eight thousand fix hundred ninety*- ing 131,69^. three pounds and four friHings, refidue of the said fupi of eight 4s- transfers-hundred twenty-two thousand thirty-two pounds four (hillinga^*^^*1“ and eight pence, to be written in, as aforefaid, for the ufe of^ thepuhlidc, shall be, from time to time, transferable as any **	•	-	*

three or more of the commissioners of the treasury now being, or tpc high treafurer, or commissioners of the treasury for the being, by any warrant or warrants under his or their hands, frail direft, for the ufe of his Majeft/s navy or land-forces, or pfrerpublick f^r vices, and not other wife.

V- And it is het;ft)y enafted, That all the several duties. All the duties, rey$nues and furplus monies, which, by the said aft of the&c- 9 Ann*, qjpth year of her late Majeft/s reign, were fettled, appropri- to™* appointed, or intended, for anfwering the yearly fond {nake good wmen was to be adjufted by that aft, and the said yearly fum the increafed pf ^ght thousand .pounds, that is to fey, (uch of the fame da-ties, revenues and furplus monies as are already come into pof-fcffien, and the reft of them as they frail feverally take effeft.

are



*4«

A quarterly

acconnt to be taken in the

Anno prtmo Gedroii t. Static, in liyt*,

are hereby appropriated, and (haU be applied to and for tip anfwering aiid making good all the payments which, after the (aid feaft of the ,birth of oar Lord Chrift one thou&nd ievea hundred and fifteen, shall grow due, for or upon the (aid in-creafed fund, amounting to fix hundred thousand pounds f& annum, as aforefaid, and the said yearly fum of eight thousand pounds for or towards charges of management, as aforefaid* and to none other ufe, intent, or purpofe whatfoever, under' fuch and the like penalties, forfeitures, and difabilides to b4 incurred and infliAed for diverting* mi (applying, or detaining any the monies applicable to the payments by this aA dire&cd, as by the said aA of the ninth year of her late Majesty’s rdgn, or by any other aA or aAs relating thereunto, were ia the Uke cafe intended to be infliAed or incurred for diverting, roifapply-ing, or detaining any the monies which were to be paid in par* fuance thereof.

VI.	And to the end there may he no failure in the payment of tit

increafed fund of fix hundred thousand pounds per annual^ and

Exchequer of	M	f	"

monies arifing fad feafi of the birth of our Lord Chrift one thousand /even hundred

to pay the fund.

find fifteen, until the redemption thereof by parliament, according ts the provifo herein after contained ; be it further enaAed by the authority aforefaid. That the commissioners of his Majesty’i freafury now being, or the high rreafurer or commissioners of the treasury for the time being, (hall, from and after the (aid feaft of the birth of our Lord Chrift one thousand feveu hundred and fifteen, quarterly, at the four molt ufual feafts in every year, that is to fay, the feafts of the annunciation of the (defied .virgin Mary, the nativity of Saint John Baptift, Saint Muhd the Archangel, and the oirth of our Lord Chrift, or within jtwenty days next after every of the said feaft-days, caufe a true and exaA account to be made of all the monies which, on <x -• before the said refpeAive quarter-days within the quarter then ended, shall have come, or was brought into the receipt of Exchequer, of the said duties and revenues, and furplus mohkfi, or any of them, for or towards payment of the said incnafoi *	fund,	and	the	faid	yearly	fum	for	charges ; and if upon making

Deficiency to cvery or any foch account, the monies fo come or brought ip be made good,(hail appear to fall (hort of one fourth part of the said yearly by the treafu- fum of fix hundred thousand pounds, and eight thpttfand rcr thc na* pounds, for the preceding quarter of a year, then, and fo o£ vy, ecc. ten, an(j |p cvefy j-uc^	every	fum	and fum* of

money, fo deficient, (hall, upon demand to be made by die said governor and company, or their cafhier, by writing wSh the common Teal of the said governor and company, or fign^l by the said cafhier, and to be left with or for the treaforer the navy of his Majesty, his heirs or fucceflors, for thetiffie being, at or in the houfe or place ufed by fuch treafurtr 6f die navy for the time being, for making payments for tho uftbf the navy, or within twenty days after men demand, be anfwer-ed, made good, and fatisfied by the treasurer of the navy, for

...	t



!?*¥*] Anno prim* Geojhui 1 St&?< c* a i.	£4*

the Wrter fating, of bit Majesty, hk btirs and fucceflors, out rf any monies then in his hands or power, or Jhrft coming to tua hands or power, for the Service of the navy, or the vidluaJU ling1 thfereof j ail which, monies are hereby charged to make good tfaoAdd payments which shall be incurred and grown duo to the left! governor and company from time to time, with pre- . facdsot to any other pranents to be made out of the fame for anywfe or service whatsoever j and the said payments to the (aid governor and company, or their caftiier fpr their ufe, shall be «*de without fee or charge, and without any further off other warrant to be fued for, bad or obtained from his Majesty, his. heirs Or fucceflors, or any other person or persons whatfo-ever i itid the said treasurer of the navy for the time being, is herebyauthorized and required (in default of fpecifical money to ^nfwer the payment of any fuch deficiency or deficiencies, as aforefaid) forthwith to difpofe fo much ot any tallies, orders* annuities; or other parliamentary fecurities, which then or afterwards shall or may be in his hands or power, for the service of the navy, or the victualling thereof, as will be fufficient to enable him to difeharge the deficiency then due to the said go* vernor and company; and within twenty days after fuch demand, as atorefaid, to pay the fame in money without any der du&ion, difcount or abatement to be borne or fuftained by them-; aadfiieh treasurer of the navy, from time to time, shall be allowed upon his account in the Exchequer all fuch payments. fo made by him; and the said treasurer of the navy shall alfo be allowed all fuch lofs as shall happen by difpofing fuch Iccumks, upon the oath of the said treasurer (which the proper auditor bath hereby power to adminifter) verifying the truth thereof.

VIJi Provided always, and be it further enadted, That if Treafartr Of the treasurer of the navy of his Majesty, his heirs or fucceflors, the navy not shall at any time or times refufe or delay to mak$ fuch payment pay^forfeits and applications, as aforefaid, of any of the publick monies 11150 ce> c* which shall be in or come to his hands or power, or (in default offpecifick money) to fell and difpofe of any the tallies, orders, annuities, or other parliamentary fecurities, which shall be in or come to his hands or power, and to apply the money arifing by fueh (ale or difpofition, or fo much thereof as shall be futei-cient for that purpofe, for or towards making good fuch deficiency or deficiencies of the said annual fums of fix hundred thou-bnd pounds, and eight thousand pounds, or either of them, as SuIHuve incurred or become due, according to the true meaning, of this present adt, when and as often a9 any fuch deficiency (hsfl happen, fuch treasurer of the navy shall forfeit his office or place, and shall be liable to pay unto the said governor and company* and their fucceflors, the value of all and every fum and fums of money fo refuted or negledted to be paid, with tre-btedamiges and full cotes of fuit; tne fame to be recovered by the (aid governor and company, , and their fucceteors, by adtion <*f debt, or of the cate, bill, plaint or information founded upon Vot. XUL	R	this

i^ooQie

44*	Attn6	prirno	GfeoftCtt I. Star. 4. c.at* [1714-

fbfe *dt, in any court of record of his Majesty, his bfcirs cc (oc* cdlbrs, wherein no efloin, prdte&ion, privilege of pariiatom, or other privilege whatfoever, wager df law, or more than ok — f Imparlance shall be granted or allowed.

make a*n an-	VIII. And to the end the ferviee of the navy or vifTualBng may

nual eftimate ttot be prejudiced by fuch application ofthe money or difpefiuem of am of the produce parliamentary fecurities, which Jhall be applied to make good any /Sen Of the fund, 'deficiency or deficiencies, be it enadted by the authority jrforeurid, That from and after the twenty fifth day of December ©tte tbto-fsmd seven hundred and fifteen, tdl fuch redemprion by parts** enent, as aforefaid, there be annually within twenty days after the twenty-fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, an eftimate in writing made by die commftTiorim of the treasury, or high treasurer for the time being, by a medium of the three preceding years, of how much the revenues TO/yW re- .fettled for payment of the said yearly fund of fix hundred thoe-00 tool . fand pounds, and the said yearly fum of eight thousand pounds* 3 Geo. 1. c.9. produce for the year commencing from the twenty*ftfth day

1.1, a, 3. of December preceding-fuch account, and ending the twenty* fifth day of December lucceeding fuch aepount, and how much

to be laid be- t^lc *®mc arc t0 ® ^ort atlfwer'*8 paying thereof; fore the par- shall caufe fuch eftimate to be laid before the commons m foment. ' parliament at their then session (if then adtually fitting) dr if the parliament shall not be then fitting* in fuch cafe, at Utear first or next feffion, to the end a fufficient provifloh foay bfe •made for the ferviee of the navy, and victualling thereof for ttatyear; but the delay of making fuch provision shall ttot be any ftop or detriment to the making good, in the manner Ofare* faid, the deficiencies which shall happen in the payment df the said yearly fund of fix hundred thousand pounds, or die laid yearly fum of eight thousand pounds, but the fame HiaO from time to time, and at all times, until fuch redemption as herein after is mentioned, be anfwered, paid and made good by the treasurer of the navy, as aforefaid; any thing herein, or in the said former adfcs, or any of them contained, or any cuftdtn «r ufage of the navy, or other matter or thing to the contrary notwithftanding.

On one year’s IX. Provided always, and it is hereby enadted by the atttbo-nonce and re- rjty af0refaid. That at any time upon one year’s notice, after tiesTo ceafe!" the twenty-fifth day of December one thousand feveti hundred and fixteen, upon repayment by parliament of the said fum of See 3 Geo. 1. ten millions, and of all arrears of the said yearly fums df foe c. 9. £ 1, *, 3* hundred thousand pounds, and eight thoufana pounds, or Upon *»? 9 Ann.*1* payment thereof by and out of the furplus monies of the laid e. ax. * duties and revenues fettled for payment of the said yeatfy fUhns;

then, and not rill then, all the impositions and duties by the said adt of the ninth year of her late Majesty’s rtigh, dt by this present adt appropriated, shall and may be difpofed of by pariia-ment; and the said yearly ftmd of fix hundred thousand poundi, and all annuities out of the feme, and the fold yearly fum of a	eight

tyrjf-j Annoprimo GEokon L Stat, a. C.2t.	&4J

sight thoufend pounds shall ceafe and determine ; but that the faxi corporation by the name aforefaid, after filch redemption of the bid yearly fums, shall continue for ever, and have perpetual fucceflion, and shall hold and enjoy all fuch forts, factories, ac-quifitions, lands, tenements and hereditaments, and all fuch be* nefite of trade, and other benefits, profits, powers, privileges,' and advantages whatfoever, whereunto they would be entitled by the fiud a& of the tenth year of her late Majesty's reign, in cafe the redemption of their yearly fund were made purfuant to that act 9 any thing herein contained to the contrary notwith-ftanding.

X* And k is hereby enacted, That the said several former But corpora* a<5ts of the ninth and tenth years of her late Majesty's relgri, tion toconti-and all the powers, privileges, advantages, exemptions, rules, ^ c?cr* directions, penalties, forfeitures, daufes, matters and things therein contained (being now in force) touching or concerning the fiid corporation, or the said duties and revenues by the said ads or either of them fettled, and the said yearly or other Aims to be paid out of the fame, or any of them (fuch alterations as are made therein by this act always excepted) shall continue and be put in execution in relation to the (aid corporation, and the bid duties or revenues appropriated by this aCt, and the yearly or other fums hereby charged thereupon, as folly as if A&sof$Ann. the fame powers, privileges, advantages, exemptions, rules, ^*A,confirmI directions, penalties, forfeitures, claules, matters and things *4. *

(except as irforefaid) were repeated and re-enaCted in the body of this aCt.

XI.	And whereas by an a ft of this fijjitn of parliament, intituled,

An act for raifing nine hundred and ten thousand pounds for

publick services, by fele of annuities, after the rate of five

pounds per centum per annum, redeemable by parliament; and

to aUthorife a treaty concerning private rights claimed by the

proprietors of the fugar-houfes in Scotland\ the yearly fum of forty-

five thousand five hundred bounds, part of the yearly fum offifty four

thoufmdfir hundred pounds therein mentioned, is enafted to be a dif~

tin ft and feparate fund for anfwering and paying certain annuities,

after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, to be pur*

ehafidiepon that aft, by quarterly payments, until the redemption thereof

by patlhment, according to a provifo in that aft contained in that ,Geo* Aat.s,

behdtf: how for the encouragement of fuch persons and corpo- c’

rations as are or shall be willing to advance for the service of

the publick, any fum or fums of money, not exceeding the far*

thaf (km of one hundred fixty-nine thousand pounds, for pur*

cha&tg annuities at the said rate of five pounds per centum per

onnuk, to be fettled upon the yearly fum of eight thousand four

hundred and fifty pounds, other part of the (aid yearly fum of

fifey^ftwr thousand fix hundred pounds, in the manner herein

after mentioned ; it is hereby further enaCted and declared by *45°1* to be a

the authority aforefaid. That the (aid yearly fum of eight thou*	for an-

fand four hundred and fifty pounds, is and shall be a diftinCt	ccn* 5

and foparate fond, and be ifliiod and applied (as this a£t directs) o/tbe/efpart

R2	fox were fubjiribsi



I. c. 5.

Fund to take place at Mich

1715*

244	Anno	primo	GioRGii I. Stat.2. c.‘2fJ £1714;

^6Gco.i.c 4-for anfwering and paying the annuities, after the rate of fire *dftbye%£ pounds per centum per annum, to be purchased upon this ad, x.c!e. *ioG«o! <|uai:terly payments, until the redemption thereof by parKa-* ment according to the provifo herein after fpecified, and under the fame penalties, forfeitures and difabilities, for any offence or negleft touching the said fund of eight thousand four hundred and fifty pounds per annum, or the payments to be' made out of the fame, as are by the said a6fc to be incurred for die like offence or neglecft, in relation to the said yearly fund' of forty-five thousand five hundred pounds, or to the payments charged thereupon; any thing in this or the said recited adk, or in any other law or ftatute to the contrary in any wife notwhh-ftanding.

XII.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That yearly and every year, from and after the feali of Saint Aficbatl the Archangel in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, forever, the said yearly fum of'eight thousand four hundred and fifty pounds, other part of the said yearly fum of fifty-four thousand fix hundred pounds, arifing into the receipt of Exchequer, shall be the whole and entire yeariy fund; and in cafe all the monies arifing into the Exchequer, as afore-faid, shall not in any one year amount to fo much as eight thousand four hundred and fifty pounds, (over and above the said yearly fum of forty-five thousand five hundred pounds) then the monies fo arifing, fo far as they will extend, shall be part of the yearly fund, for or towards the anfwering and paying all the annuities, after the rate of five pounds per centum per 0inm,

Deficiency to to be purchased upon this aft; and that all and every deficiency be made good an(i deficiencies of the said whole yearly fum of eight ffieufand aid\YntpLSa- ^our hundred and fifty pounds, or any part thereof, which /hall ment.	appear at the end of any one year, to be reckoned asifbrdaid,

for payment of fuch annuities as shall be purchased upon this a<ft, at the rate aforesaid for the fame year refpedttvely, shall be fupplied or made up, from time to time, out of the nrft aid$ to be granted in parliament next after fuch deficiency shall appear, and shall from time to time be transferred thereunto, asf foon as fuch aid shall be granted.

XIII.	And be it further enafted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any person or persons, natives or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate, to contribute, advance and pay to the first or chief cafhier of the governor and company -of the bank of England for the time being, at or before the refpe&ve days and times by this a<ft limited in that behalf, any ibis or fums of money, not exceeding in the whole the said fum of one hundred fixty-nine thousand pounds for the purchafe of any annuity or annuities, to commence from the said feaft of Saint Michael, the Archangel in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, and to be paid and payable to fuch contributor or contributors, or fuch as he, (he or they shall nominate, his, her or their executors, adminiftrators, fucceffors or afligns refpe&ively, until the fame shall be redeemed according

Anyperfons may dc contributors.



H S

*714] Anno primo Georgii I. St at. 2. c. 21;

ing to the tenor or true meaning of the provifo or condition herein after-mentioned in that behalf, fo as fuch cafhier or eafhiers do first give fecurity to the good liking of any three or more of the commiflioners of his Majesty’s treasury now being, or of the high treasurer or commiflioners of the treasury for the time being, for duly anfwering and paying into the receipt of the Exchequer for the publick ufe, the monies fo to be advanced, or contributed, and to account duly for the fame; and the, purchafe-money for every fuch annuity, at the rate afore-*

£ud,t is hereby appointed to be paid to the said cafhier, as afore-laid, at or before the refpedUve days and times herein aftlr li<* tinted, that jp to fay, one fifth part thereof on or before the twenty-nintfj day of September in the year of our Lord one thousand ievenhpndred and fifteen; one other fifth part thereof, on or before the twenty-ninth day of November in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifteen; one other fifth part thereof on or before the twenty-eighth day of January thence <next enfuing; one other fifth part thereof on or before the twenty-ninth day of March then next following; and thp remaining fifth part thereof on or before the twenty-ninth day of May which mall be in the year of our Lord one thousand (even hundred and fixteen; all which annuities fo to be pur-chafed shall not exceed in the whole the said fum of eight thou-fand four hundred and fifty pounds per annum, and shall be paid and payable at the four moft ufual feafts or days of payment in the year, (that is to fay) the fealts of the birth of our Lord Times of pay • Christ, die annunciation of the blefled virgin Mary, the nati- ment. vity of Saint John Baptift, and Saint Michael the Archangel, by even and equal portions, or within fix days after every of the laid' feaft-days; the first payment thereof to be due at the feaft of the birth of our Lord Chrift which shall be in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, or within fix days after the fame feaft-day; neverthelefs the (aid annuities shall be rcdfjanable according to the purport and true meaning of a provifo or condition herein after contained in that behalf, and pot otherwife; and the said caftiier of the said governor and Cafliiertogive company for the time being, is hereby authorized and required, co^butors upon, advancing and paying to him any fuch fum and fums of ^ to pay * money, as aforefaid, forthwith to give a receipt in writing, into-the Ex. fignea by himfelf for each payment, to the contributor or payer chequer, thereof, and from time to ume to pay into the receipt of his Maiefty’s Exchequer all the monies which he shall receive of or for the said fum, not exceeding one hundred fixty-nine thou-fand pounds, as faft as he shall receive the fame, or any part thereof, or within five days at the fartheft'; and to account for sllthe monies fo to be advanced to him in his Majesty’s court of Exchequer, according to the due courfe thereof; in which account the said calhier mall have juft allowance of all monies which be shall have paid for prompt payments purfuant to this a£h XIV, And it is hereby cnatfed, That in the office of the Accountant BCpountarn general of the governor and company of the	"	‘	5

*3





1+6

a book of the contributors.

Annuities charged on the fund of S450L &c.

Tax-free,

Bank to im-ploy a chief cafhier and accountant general.

Anno primo GfioRon I. Scat 2. c.21.	fryt4.

England, for the time beings there shall be provided and kdpti book or books, in which there shall be fairly entred the ifsaw of all who shall be contributors for fuch annuities, after the rale of five pounds per centum per annum, as aforefaid, and of at persons by wbofe hands the said contributors dull pay in any of the said fums upon this aft, and alfo the fum fo paid ; to which book it shall be lawful for the said refpedive contributors, their executors, adminiftrators, fucceflors and affigns, from time to time, at all feafonable times to have refort and infped the fame, without fee or charge; and the said accountant general for the time being (hall, on or before the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and fixteen, tran forth an attefted duplicate fairly written in paper, of the said book or books into the office of the auditor of the receipt of bis hfaje-fty’s Exchequer, there to remain for ever.

XV.	And it is hereby enaded by the authority aforeQid, That all and every the annuities fb to be purchafea at tfw rate aforefaid, shall be and are hereby charged upon, and (bad be paid and payable from time to time out of the monies arifing and to arife of or for the said yearly fond of eight thousand four hundred and fifty pounds, or by other the provisions or fupplto made or to be made by or in purfuance of this ad for tbe payment thereof, in the manner and form by this ad prefcribed in that behalf; and that all and every contributor and contfihutofe upon this ad, duly paying the confederation of purchafe-money at the rate aforefaid, at or before the refpedive days and times in this ad limited in that behalf for fuch annuity or an nobles, as aforefaid, or foch as he, (he or they fhaH appoint, his, her or their refpedive executors, adminiftrators, fticceftbfs and affigns, shall have, receive and enjoy, and be entitled by virtue of this ad, to have, receive and enjoy the refpedive annuity aird annuities fo to be purchafed, out of the monies by this ad appropriated or appointed, or to be fupplied for payment thereof, as aforefaid, and shall have good and fore estates tod interefts therein for ever, fubjed only to the pyovifo 6r condition of redemption in this ad afterwards contained concevnfag the fame; and that ail the said annuities to be purchased on this ad, and the principal monies paid for the lame, and every of them during the continuance thereof, shall be free from all taxes, charges and impofitions whatfoever.

XVI.	And for the more eafy and fure payment of tie said annuities to be purchafed, as aforefaid, according. to the true meaning of this present aft, it is hereby further enaded by the authority afore-laid, That the governor and company of the bank of EugSond,

• and their fucceilors, shall from time to time, until the laud annuities shall be redeemed by parliament according to this ad, appoint and imploy one fufficrent person within their office fa the city of London, to be their chief or first cafhier, and one other fufficient perfon^vithin the fame office to be their accountant general; and that fomuch of the monies that shall or ought to be, from time to time, feparated or fet apart in the receipt of

Ex-





I7I4-3? Aono prioioGKoJRGii I. St*t.2. c, 21.	247

Exchequer, for or upoa account of the said yearly fund of eight Cafhier to re-thoufand four hundred and fifty pounds, for anfwering the &idc^5 ^ mJI-aonuities to be purchased upon this a<5t, as shall bear a full pro- j!ucr quarter-* portion to the whole fum which shall be advanced or contributedjy, &c. upon this adt, after the said rate of five pounds per centum per annum3 ftiall by order of the commissioners of his Majesty’s treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or of the high treafurer, or commissioners of the treafpry of his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors for the time being, without any further or other warrant to be fued for, had or obtained in that behalf, be from time to time, quarterly, as aforefaid, iffued and paid at the said receipt of Exchequer, to the said first or chief camier of the said governor and company of the bank of England, and of their fucceflors for the time being, by way of impreft and upon account, for the payment of the faia annuities to be purchased upon this a<51, at fuch times, and in fiich manner and form, as are by this adt preferibed in that behalf j and that all and every fuch cafhier or cafhiers, to' whom the said monies fhaU from time to time be iffued, shall from time to time without delay apply and pay the fame accordingly, and render his accounts thereof according to the due courfe of the Exchequer j anything herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

AVJI- it is hereby alfo enadled, Tfr&t the said account- Accountaot ant general for the time being fhall, frotfi time to time, infpedt toin" and examine all the receipts and payments of the said cafhier,[^softhe and the vouchers relating thereunto, in order to prevent any cafhier. fraud, negligence, or delay ; and that all and every person or Annuitiei a perfops whatfoever, who shall be intitled to any of tne fame an- perfonal e-pujjtfcs to be purchased on this adt, and all persons lawfully £c. daitffing under them, shall be poflefled thereof as of a perfonal efftte, and the fame ihall not be defcendable to the heir, and fhalj not be liable to any foreign attachment by the cuftom of Ltudort* or’otherwife 5 any law, ftatute or cuftom to the corn-traiy notwithftanding.

aVIII. And for the encouragement of the contributors to advance interest at 8h (aid pay readily tb the said cajhier the fums by them intended to be ad- per cent, for \imt&Upon this aft) it is provided and enacted by the authority promP* pay* aforefaid. That every fuch contributor who shall advance and mcn*# pay to the said cafhier within the times limited by'this aeft, the purchafe-money payable for any annuity or annuities at the rate aforefaid, his, her or their executors, aaminiftrators, ^fucceflors and afligns refpe&ively, shall be allowed and paid out of the contribution-money arifing by this adt, interest after the rate of light pounds per century per annumy for the prompt payment of the purchafe-money, or of fuch proportions of the purchafe-WVWy as shall be lo advanced before the twenty ninth day of Stpifmber one thousand seven hundred and fifteen ; the said in-tereft tp be computed for the refpedtive fums fo advanced and paid to the said cafhier, from the time or refpedtive times of the advancing and paying the fame to the said cafhiep, until £ \	the



*4?

Anno primo Georoii I. Stat* a. c. £ 1714.

be a joint-dock, 8cc.

Stock tranf-fcrrablc.

the (aid twenty ninth of Siptember one thouland {even hundred and fifteen.

All the monies	XIX. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid,

advanced to That aH the monies to be advanced or contributed upon this all, for or towards the said fum, not exceeding one hundred fixty*nme thousand pounds, shall be deemed, reputed and taken to be one capital or joint (lock, on which the (aid annuities, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, shall be attending j and that all and every person and persons and corporations whatfbever, in proportion to the money by him, her or them advanced upon this alt, (hail have and be deemed to have an interest or (hare in the said ftock, and in the proportional annuity attending the fame, at the rate aforefaid, for the monies fo by J}im, her or them advanced ; and that the said capital or joint ftock, or any (hare or interest therein, and the proportional annuity attending the fame, shall be affignable and tranf-ferrable or devifeable, in the fame manner as the joint ftock for the said monies, not exceeding nine hundred and ten thousand pounds, is by the (aid alt aftignable and transferrable or devifeable, and not otherwife; and in default of fuch transfer or devife, the said (lock and annuities attending the fame, shall go to the ex* And free from ecutors or adminiftrators; and that no (lamp-duties whatsoever ft amp-duties. ^ chargeable on the said transfers, or any of them j any other law or ftatute to the contrary notwithftanding.

Affignee of XX. And it is hereby enalled and declared, That all persons ftock liable to who shall accept any amgnment or transfer of any (lock from Sue of contri- aRy contributor, wno shall have paid only part of the contribu-bution-moaey tion-money for the fame upon this all, shall be liable to pay the unpaid. refidue of the said contribution-money, and to fuch forfeitures for non-payment thereof, as the original contributor would have been liable, if no fuch transfer had oeen made.

XXI. Provided always. That no person or persons whatfoc-ver shall or may purchafe or obtain, or be admitted to purchafy or. obtain any of the annuities, at the rate aforelaid upon this aH, unlefs the whole, or one fifth part at lead of the confidera-tion-money for the fame, at fuch rate as aforefaid, be advance*} and paid to the said caftiier, on or before the said twenty-ninth day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifteen.

Xjl. Provided ajfo, That in cafe any fuch contributor, aj not paying by aforefoid, who (hall/on or before the said twenty^ninth day of fcmitedf1 September one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, have advanced to the (aid caftiier one fifth part of his, her or their said pur-chafe-money, or his, her or their executors, adminiftrators, fucceffors or afligns, do not advance and pay to the said caftiier one other fifth part of his, her or their confideration-monev fo to be paid for fuch refpellive annuity or annuities, as aforefaid, on or oefore the twenty-ninth day of November then next enfo-ing 5 and one other fifth part thereof on or before the twenty-eighth day of January then next coming; .one other fifth part thereof on or before the twenty-ninth da^ of March then next

No contribution after 19 Sept. 1715.1

Penalty for

-Anno primo Georgii I. Stat. c.	249

foUowirig; and the remaining fifth part thereof on or before the twenty-ninth day of May which shall be in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fixteen; then and in every fuch cafe refpedtively, fo much of the confideration-money as frail have been actually paid for the first payment to the said ca-ftiier for fuch refoedtive annuity, shall be forfeited for the ufe of theptpblick, and no intereft, at the rate aforefaid, shall be payable for the said first payment; any thing in this a6t contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXIII.	Provided always, and it is hereby enadled by the Bank to conti-authority aforefaid. That the said governor and company of the rue a corpora-bank of England, and their fucceSors (notwithftanding the re- tl0nJ^cJ,^erc demption of all or any their own funds, in purfuance of the redeemed8^, adts for eftabli(hing the fame, or any of them) shall continue a corporation, with all the powers, privileges and advantages thereunto belonging, for the purposes in this adt expreffed, till

all the annuities, after the rate of five poundsper centum per amuim9 to be purchased on this adt, shall be redeemed by parliament, according to the provifo herein after contained in that behalf; and that the said governor and company, or any members thereof, shall not incur any disability for or by reafon of their doing any matter or thing in purfuance of this adt.

XXIV.	Arid it is hereby enacted by the authority aforefaid, No fees to be Thai no fee or gratuity whatfoever shall or may be demanded taken.

or taken of any his Majesty’s fubjedts for receiving or paying the said contribution monies, or any of them, or for any tallies or other receipts concerning the fame, or for rfluing the said yearly fund of eight thousand four hundred and fifty pounds, or any part thereof, or for paying the said annuities, or any of them j and that no fee or gratuity shall be demanded or taken for any fuch tranfer, as aforefaid, of any fum great or fmall, to be made in purfuance of this adt, upon pain that any officer or peribn offending, by taking or demanding any fee or gratuity contrary to this adr, shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds to the party grieved* to be recovered with full cofts, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at Wejlminfler.

XXV.	Provided always, and it is hereby enadted by the au- Wbentbtjt thority aforefaid. That at any time upon one year’s notice, and repayment by parliament of the sum of one hundred fixty-nine thousand pounds, or fo much thereof as shall be advanced upon §ee

this adt, unto the refpedtive contributors of the fame, or to 9 Geo. 1. c. 5. fuch person and persons as by, from or under them, shall be 10 Geo. i.c.5. then entitled to the said annuities to be purchased on this adt, aftdr the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, in refpedt of the money fo advanced, according to fuch interest as they respectively shall then have in the Fame annuities, and alfo upon full payment and fatisfedlion of all arrears of the fame annuities, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, if any shall be then due, then and not till then, the said annuities, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum to be purchased on this adt, shall ceafe ^nd determine, and from thenceforth

250

The cafhier and accountant general's felary, &c.

Additional allowance for prompt payment*

Anno primaGbojujji I. St*t* %. c.a».	£17*4*

forth lo much of the general or aggregate fund in th* /aid recited aft mentioned or referred unto, and of the said particular duties chargeable with thefe annuities, as aforefaid, as the fame annuities mall amount unto, shall be underftood ta be redeemed by parliament, but without prejudicing any other ofthe yearly fums or payments by this or any other aft charged or Mr tended to be charged on the said general or aggregate fund, of upon the said particular duties which shall then remain to be m* tisfied out of the fame; any thing herein containedxto the contrary in any wife notwithftandiog.

aXVI. Provided always, and it is hereby enafted, That the commifliooers of the treasury, or high treasurer for the time being, shall have power to allow to the cafiuer or calhiers, wbo shall receive the said contribution or advance mon^y, not at* ceeding one hundred fixty-nine thousand [pounds, as aforefaid, for his or their pains and charges in receiving and acoavwtujk for the fame, a fum not exceeding one hundred pounds, out <jF the contribution or advance money aforefaid; and (hali alfi> have power (out of the remainder of the said pearly fum of fifty-four thousand fix hundred pounds, to arife over and above fc much as shall be fufiicient, from time to time, to difeharge a)l monies which shall be due on the annuities to be purchased on this and the said former aft) to allow and pay to the said oa(hier for the time being, a falary or allowance, not exceeding ope hundred pounds per annum, for receiving the money to pay the annuities upon this aft, and applying the (ame to that % ana for his pains and charges in keeping and rendring his account* thereof; and a falary or allowance, not exceeding one hundred pounds Ur annum to the said accountant general for the time being, for his service and charge in performing the duty and truft incumbent upon him by this aft; any thing in this or any other aft contained to the contrary notwithftandmg.

XXVII. Provided always, and it is hereby enafted. That ail and every person and persons, who have or hath contributed or advanced any fum or fums of money upon the said former aft for an annuity, after the rate of nve pounds Ur untum Ur annum, and hath paid to the said cafhier the whole* or one pm, or any greater part of the contribution-money for purchafipg fuch annuity; and all and every person and„perfoqa who (had contribute or advance any fum or fums of money upon this or the said former aft for the like annuity, and (hall, on or before the tw£tity-ninth day of September one thousand seven huyfr** and fifteen, pay to the (aid caihier the whole, or one fiftn^qr any greater part of the contribution or confideration money fuch annuity, (hall, over and above all other encouragements before by this pr the (aid former afts given or allowable, be repaid out of any m°nies which are or shall be in the hands the (aid caihier, arifon, or to arife by contributions, for the qje of the publick* as aforefajd, not only fo much as an additional allowance after the rate of twenty millings per untum, to be competed upon th$ whole (OQtrjbutipn pr ponfififrafipn money,

advanced



251

1714*} Anao primd Geoegii 1. Start. $. c. 21.

advanced and to be advanced by fuch person or persons, doth or shall amount to, but alio fb much asr another additional allowance, after the rate of fivp pounds per centum per annum,,

(hell amount unto, to be computed upon every fum advanced, or to be advanced before the days limited in this or the faia former aSt (the fird payment excepted) from the time of aftaal payment thereof to the said calhier, until the refpcftrve days when the fame by the limited days aforesaid would become due.

X$ViII. Ann be it cnafted by the authority aforefaid, That Appropria-all the monies lent and to be knt to his Majesty, upon one aft tion of the fo-of this session pf parliament, intituled, An oil for granting an aid vcraIJ“PPl?ef U bh Majefly* to be raised by a land-tan in Great Britain, for tie	l#

firvice of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifteen^ and fo , Geo. t. much money, if any fuch be, of the tax thereby granted, as ftat. a. c. i. shall arife and remain after all the loans made or to be made op that aft, or thereby transferred or direfted to be transferred thereunto, and the mteteft thereof, and the charges thereby al* bwable for raifin» the said tax, (hah be fatisfied, or money fuf* firient shall be referved to discharge the fame; and all the mo* , qco f#

Dies lent and to be lent unto his Majesty upon the duties on hat. ». c. t. malt, mum, cyder and perry, charged and continued by ano* ther tft of this feflion of parliament, for the service of the year one thoofend (even hundred and fifteen, and fo much money of the (aid duties on malt, mum, cyder and perry, thereby granted or continued, as (bail arife and remain (if any fuch be) all the loans made or to be made on that aft, or thereby transferred or direfted to be transferred thereunto, and the in* tereft thereof, and the charges thereby allowable for railing the hid dunes thereby granted, shall be fatisfiod, or monies fuffi* dent shall be referred to difeharge the fame; and all the mo* , Geo. i. nies advanced or contributed, or to be advanced or contributed flat.». c. 19. upon an aft of the present session of parliament, for raifing any font net exceeding nine hundred and ten thousand pounds for pubKek services, at the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, the allowances preferibed by that aft only excepted; and all the monies not exceeding one hundred fjxty-nine thousand pounds, tothomed fo be advanced for the like services, and at the like rate, upon this present aft, and all the proceed of the said dock by this aft added, and intended to be added to the capital (lock of the foid governor and company of merchants of Great Britain trading to the South Seas (the dock for the (aid (urn of five hun* dred eighty-three thousand three hundred thirty-nine pounds and eight pence, to be transferred to or for the ufe of the faid

Svemor and company in manner as aforefaid, only excepted) ill be appropriated and applied, and are hereby appropriated for or towards the several ufes, intents and purposes herein exploded, fubjeft neverthelefs to fuch reftriftions as are herein after preformed: that is to fay; it is hereby cnafted and declared.

That out of all or any the aids or fupplies provided as aforefaid, there shall and may be iflued and applied any fum or fums of money, not exceeding in the whole the sum of one million one • . w	hundred

Digitized

by 

Anrto primo Georoii I. Stat.2. c.ar. £17.14;

hundred forty-fix thousand seven hundred and fony-dgfct pounds and eleven pence, for the naval services following* that is to fay, far defraying the charges of the ordinary of his Ma-T.	jefty’s navy, and for half-pay to fea*officers, and for visual*

***** wages, wear and tear of the navyj and victualling thereof performed and tobe performed, and for fea-fervice in the office of ordnance performed and to be performed, and for or towards the extraordinary repairs of the navy, rebuilding of (hips* and other extraordinary works of the navy performed and to b$ performed, and for or towards completing the furniture and (tores of his Majesty's (hips in repair or to be repaired ; and any him or Turns of money, not exceeding in the whole the film of ninety-three thousand fix hundred twenty-nine pou’xia nineteen shillings and nine pence, for Cervices relating to his Ma-6ffice oford- jefty’s office of ordnance herein after mentioned, that is to (ay, uanee. for the charges of the (aid office for land-fervices performed and to be performed, and to complete half-pay for the year one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, to the military officers and chaplains who ferved in the train of artillery in Flanders and Spain, and on several expeditions; and any fum or Turns of money, not exceeding in the whole the sum of one million twenty-four thousand nine hundred and seven pounds five shillings and two pence half-peny, for maintaining his Majesty’sdar*l-&re«, Land forces. and other services herein after exprefled, that is to fey, for main* taining his Majesty’s guards and garrifons in Gnat Britain, Jerfty and Guernsey, and his forces in America, and twelve companies of invalids, and three independent companies in North ‘Britain, for one year, from the twenty-fourth day of December one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, to the twenty-fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifteen; and for maintaining his Majesty’s forces and garrifons in Minorca, for the fame year: and for maintaining his Majesty’s forces and garrifon in Gibraltar, for the fame year; and for the charge of the officers fervants of the regiments in Minorca and Gibraltar, from the twenty-fifth day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirteen, to the twenty-fourth day of December one thott-fand (even hundred and fourteen; and for maintaining the three , regiments of Harrifon, North and Grey, and Sterne, (in Flanders or elfewhere) from the twenty-ninth day of September one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, to the twenty-fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifteen; and for maintaining seven battalions, confifting of the royal regiment of foot, and the regiments of Webb, Forfar, Hill, Orrery, and Sutton, (in Flanders or England) from the twenty ninth day of September one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, till the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and teen, (at which time they were transferred to the efc&lUhpto^ft of Ireland;) and for bounty-money to diftianded men of fev&il • regiments which were reduced in order to transferring thofe regiments to the eftabliftiment of Ireland; and for maintaining the additional forces, confifting of three thoufiwd dragoons,

and

17*4.) Anno primo Georgii I. Scat. 2. c. 22.	253

and four thousand foot, (including comrai/Eon and non-com-miffion officers) and four companies of foot added to the Cold-Jbream regiment of foot-guard^, for one whole year, and to defray the levy-money for the said additional forces; and for fup-port of the royal hofpital at Cbelfea, and pay of the out-pen- Chelfea hof-(ioners for one year, from the twenty-fourth day of Dtcembtr p*tal. one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, to the twenty-fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, (over and above the several poundages and days pay applicable thereunto ;) and for defraying fuch pay or half-pay as his Majesty Half-pay offi-hath allowed, or shall think fit to allow to the officers of the ccr,‘ land-forces and marines difbanded, being bisMajesty’s natural-born fubjeefs, or naturalized, including fuch officers of lieutenant general Hamilton's regiment of foot, and excepting fuch officers as are or shall tfe otherwise provided for, from the time of making fuch other provjfion for them refpe&ively; and for anfwering other extraordinary services or augmentations relating to his Majesty’s land-forces; and any fum not exceeding two hundred and fifty thousand pounds, towards fatisfying the mo* nies due for fubfidies and arrears or other debts upon account of Subsidies and the land-forces; and any fum not exceeding fifty-three tbou-arrcars* land three hundred *and twenty-two ^peun&i for fupplying the deficiency of the fund for the claffis lottery of the year one Deficiency of thousand seven hundred and eleven, for the vear ended at Aft-thc	loU

ehaelmas one thoufand' seven hundred and fourteen; and anytcry*1711# fum not exceeding fifty-two thousand nine hundred thirty-eight pounds nine shillings and ei|ht pence, for fupplying the deficiency of the fund for the claflis lottery in the year one thousand seven hundred and twelve, for the year ended at Aficbaelmas Deficiency of one thousand seven hundred and fourteen: and that the aids or foe claffis lot-fupplies provided, as aforefaid, (except before excepted) (haHtcr)r» l?l%% not be iffued or applied to any ufe, intent or purpofe whatfo* ever, other than the ufes and purposes before mentioned. Provided always* That fuch fums as by any other adt of this feffioa of parliament shall be payable to any commiflioners of accounts^ Comroiffion-for their falaries, or for their clerks, or other incident charges, er* of ac-fhall and may be paid out of the aids or fupplies aforelaid, or countf» any of them; any thing herein contained to the contrary not-vrithfianding. ride 3 Geo. 1. c. 9. tybGeo.i. c. 17.

CAP. XXII.

An aff for enabling bis Majesty to fettle a revenue for fujh porting the dignity of her royal bigbnefs the princefs, in cafe fie fiall furvive bis royal bigbnefs the prince of Wales.

MOST gracious fovereign, We your Majejlfs meft dutiful and loyal fubjefls, the commons of Great Britain in parliament afimbkd, being truly fenfible how acceptable it will be to your Ma~ that a good, certain and competent revenue be fettled for fup-porting the honour and dignity of her royal bigbnefs the	in

cafe



i Ann. flat, i c» 7.

9 Ann. c. io.

9 Ann. c. is.

Anno priitwi Gjtataon L Scat/2. €.15.	£17x32

tdfejhe fhedlJurvivther royal eonfirt the mofi excellentprince Geo*|* prince ofWales, your Majeftfs mofi dearly Moved fon; and cop* fidering ibe htppintfi which this kingdom, by the blejfing of Almgbtj God, cannot fait to enjoy, by a long fueceffim of princes derived from her mfi ittufirious royal highnefs the princefs, who has, with a com-fancy and greatnefs if mind peculiar to herjif, given early and never to be forgotten tnfimets of her wed for the protefiant religion i wed well knowing, that by an ait made m the firjl year of the reigh of , her late majefiy JQueen Anne, (of Heffed memory) for preserving the inheritance of fevered revenues of the ermw, initialed. An act for the better lupport of her Majdfty’s hbufhold, and of the honour and dignity of the crown, alt grants thereof (other than find ai are therein expreffhd) are declared to be void\ and that by the oil made in the ninth year of her said late Majeftfs reign, intituled, Aa aft for eftabfifbing a general poft-office for all her Majesty*s dominions 5 and for fettling a weekly futn out of the reveaufes thereof for the femce of the war, and other her Majesty’s oo-cafions, it was enacted, "That fieoh part of the duties and re***** arifmg in or by the general letter-offm or poft-ojfice, which %Um thereby vefied in her Majefiy, her heirs and fuccejfhrs, and thermt mentioned to be undeterminable, Jbould not he alienable, chargeable 4t grantable for any efiate, term or time whatfoever, to endure longer than the life of the King or Queen that Jhonld make fiuh aKeOsatm, charge or grant rejpeftively; and that all gifts, grants, slie+atmt and ajfurances wmtfoever, to be had or made of, and charges upon the fame duties or revenues, or any part thereof contrary to the prWri* fion of that aft, jbould be null and void * do nevertbdrft mofi torn* biy, cheerfully and unanimoufiy befeech your Majefiy that it may be tnafted, &c.

Kit Majesty, by Jetten patent, may *rant to the prinoeft of Wafcs aan*»

noity of 50,000!. per annum, in ca(e (he furvive the prince* to bt paid quarterly, viz. 4.0,0001. per annum out of the poll office, o Ann*, c. to. The remaining xo,oool. out of the hereditary excife. n Car.**, c. 3. Wk Majesty, by letters patent, may aflbre to the princeto Sornerkt-hoofe, Jfcc. His Majesty’f grant of toctooai. per onaum to the prince of Woks, to be paid without fees, and free from taxes. This annuity may be (bocttUf charged on fuch branches of cuitoms and excife as are applicable to tap civil M, See, EXP.

CAP. XXttl.

An aft for	making provision for minijlers of the fifty new

churches, which are to be built in and about the cities of London and Weftminfter, and fuburbs thereof; rebuilding and finifhing the	of	Saint JMaiy

Woolnoth in ibe faia<city of London.

MOST gracious Sovereign, Whereas	aft of parliament

made in the ninth year of the reign of her late tnafejly fjntm Anne, intituled, An act for granting to her Majesty feveraidu* ties upon coals, for building fifty new churches in and about die cities of London and Wejlmiitfler, and fuburbs thereof, and

otbtt





*55

17*4-^ Anw primo Gbohoh I. St*t. 2* c. t £

otktlr purposes therein mentioned, it was ermfitd* That for ail forte of coals and culm* which from and after the fourteenth day of fttay one tboufand seven hundred and fexteen* and before the nine and twentieth day of September one thouQmd/even hundred and twenty four* Jbmld be imported and brought into the port of the city of [ London, or the river of Thames, within {be liberty of the fait city upon the fame river* there fbould be paid to her faU late Ada-fifty * her heirs and fucuffors* by way of impofition thereupon* ever and befides ail other impojkiom and autits* according to the rates therein and herein after mentioned•* that is to fay* from gad after the (did fourteenth Jay <f May one tboufand[even hundred and fexteen*. and before the nine and twentieth day of September one thoufanfi seven hundred and fexteen* for all fitch (arts of tools and culm as are ufualhy fold by tho chaider* for every chaider thereof containing thirty-fix bujhels Winchefter meafure* the Jim of two findings; and for fetch fort of coals as are fold by the tun* for every tun thereof con-, taming twenty hundred weighty the Jum of two findings \. and from, and after the eight and twentieth day of September one thoufemd fevtn hundred and fexteen* and before the eight and twentieth day of September one thoufandfevm hundred and twenty-four, there fbould be paid for every fuch said chaider of coals and enhn* and tun of cools* the sum of three findings* the fame to he roofed* levied* collected and paid to her said late Majesty* her heirs and fucajfbrs* as therein h mentioned: and it is thereby furtber enabled* That ad and every fuch fan and fums of money* whichJbould be raifed* codified and levied by virtue of that afi {the necessary charges of raifeng* managing and accounting for the fame* excepted) Jbould* from time to time* bo brought and paid into the receipt of Exchequer* and by forte and virtue of that afi were and Jbould be appropriated* ijjued* applied and difpofed* for the building of fifty new churches of fione and other proper materials* with towers or ftaples to each of chemt, whereof one was by the said afi direfiedto he erefied in the partfiuf EoJi Greenwich in the county of Kent 5 and for purchasing of fetes of churches, and churchyards* and buryingfdaas* in or near the cities of London and Weftmirifter, or the fitburbs thereof \ and for making fetch chapels* as were then already buHt and capable thereof* tariff churches* and for purebafing houfees for the habitations of the minifters of the said churches5 and for applying the sum of four thou-fond pounds per annum, out of the said duties and impofetfens* towards the repairing and fernJb'tng the collegiate church of Saint Peter Weftminfter, and the chapels of the fame* unduljfo for applying the fittn tffix tboufand pounds per annum out tf the said duties and im-pofitms arifing by that afi* towards the jinxfhmg Greenwich-Hospital, and the chapels thereunto belonging* and to and for ntm other ufe* intent or putpoft whatfenver: and it was thereby further pmfied* That it Jbould and might be lawful* to and for her said late Mtjefty* by letters patent under the great fed of Great Britain, f# nmmate* cmfeitute and appoint .fuch perfims as her said late Mpjefty JbetUd think fit to be commiffoners far the purposes in that afi men-Honed \ which said commiffioners* orfe many of them as Jbouldbythe fetid commiffion be authorized* are by the said afi direfied to enquire

and





so Ann. c. n

9 Ann. c. 11.

9 Ann* c. %%•

Anno priroo Gsoroii L $m* %* c.ag. £1714.

<W inform themfelves, in wbat payijbes the /aid new churches (Except that for Greenwich) were mo/l necejfary to be built, and of proper places for the files of the find rejpeftive new churches, and alfo a cemetery or church-yard for each of the find churches, for the burred of cbrijlian people, to be pur chafed; and alfo which of the find chapelt were fit to be made parifb-churches and to afeertain the fevered houfes, lands, tenements and hereditaments, and the bounds and limits which in their judgments or opinion might be fit to be made diftiuft% parijbes; and to enquire and inform tbemjehes, by the befi means they could, of the value of fuch houfes, lands, tenements and hereditaments, and of the refpeftive efiates and interefis therein, which they should think necejfary to be purchajed for the Jaid fites and. cemeteries, and for houses for the habitations of the refpeftive minifiers $ and the said commijfioners were by the said aft required, on or before the four* and twentieth day of December one thousand /even hundred end eleven, to report or certify to her said late Majesty in writing, usoder their hands,andfeals, fuch matter \ and things as should appear Jo them upon their enquiries aforefaid, with their opinions thereupon* md* present a duplicate of fuch report or certificate to each of the two houses of parliament, to. the end fuch further dire ft ions might be given thereupon, as might be purfuant to her said late Majejlyjs pious intentions in the premijfis: ana whereas by one other aft of parlia^ nunt, made in the tenth year of her said late Majejly's reign, intituled, An act for enlarging the time given to the commissioners appointed by her Majesty, purfuant to. an ad for granting to her Majesty several duties on , coals, for building fifty new churches in and about the cities of London and Wejlminjter, and fuburbs thereof, and other purposes therein mentioned; and alfo for giving the said commissioners further powers for the better effeding the fame; and for appointing monies for re-* building the parifh-church of Saint Mary fFoobtoth in the city of London; reciting therein in part the said recited aft, and that in pur-fuance thereof her said late Majesty, by letters patent under the great feal of Great Britain, did nominate, conftitute and appoint several commissioners for the purposes in the said firjl recited aft mentioned, with fuch powers and authorities as in the fame aft are exprejfid; and further reciting, that the said commissioners did apply themselves to the execution of the powers therein mentioned, but could not perfect within the time limited what was by the said aft intended; it was therefore enafted by the said aft of the tenth year of the reign of her said late Majesty, That notwithstanding the time limited by the fad litters patent was expired, it should and might be lawful, to and for the said commissioners fo appointed by the said letters patent, or any five or more of them, and they were thereby authorized and required to meet, from time to time, as often as there should he occafion, either: with or without adjournments, and to enquire and inform themselves of all and every the matters and things therein committed to them, or any five or more of them, in or by the said firjl recited aft, qr by that present aft intended to be by them performed, until they should have completed and finijbed the fame: and it was thereby further provided

and





Anno prime GeoRgii I. Stat. 2. c.23.	357

ami enuttedy That it jkould and might be lawful, to and for her [aid fate Majifty* her heirs andfiictejfors, at any time before the twenty* ffiftih day if September one thousand /even hundred and twelve, by Utters patent wider the great feal of Great Britain, to nominate, con*

Jlitute and appoint fuch perjons to be eommiffioners to execute all and tvary the powers in the /aid several acts mentioned, as her said late Afajefy fbottld think ft; and from fuch appointment fo made, the powers granted by the fend aft of the tenth year of the reign if her 10 Ann. c. u, said late Majefly, to the contmiff oners in the former letters patent,

Jhould determine: and whereas her said late Majesty did, in purfuance of the said laft recited aft, by letters patent under the great feal of Great Britain, bearing date on or about the seven and twentieth day of September one thousand seven hundred and twelve, nominate, con* jlitute and appoint several persons to be commifftontrs for the purposes in the feud recited afts mentioned 5 and that they, or any five or more of them, should do, perform and execute all and every the powers, mat-tors and things in and by the said recited a ftand either of themy ap* pointed to be done and performed: we your Majeftfs meft dutiful and loyal fubjeftsy the commons of Great Britain in parliament af* fembledy being zealous to provide fuch fupplies as may enable your Majesty to purfue your pious and gracious intentions, to provide for the maintenance of the minifters who arc to attend the service of God in thg new churches to be erefted, purfuant to the said recited afts of parliament^ in or about the cities of London and Weftminfter, and fuburbs thereof for the honour of the church of England, and the advancement of our holy religion, do moft humbly present to your Ma* jefif thy fev**&l impofitionSy rates and duties herein after mentionedy and do befeech your Majestyy that it may be enabled; and be it Additional enacted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the	on

advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and com- brought toons* in this present parliament aftembied, and by the autho- into the port rity^pf the fame. That for all fort of coals and culm which, of London, from and after the twenty-feventh day of September one thousand ^c* *r°ra ^P** seven hundred and twenty-four, and before the twenty-eighth sept.72S,*i7*s* jday of September one thousand seven hundred and twenty-five. For the fa- ' shall be imported and brought into the port of the city of tutes relating London, or the river of ThameSy within the liberty of the said t0. city upon the fame river, there shall be paid to his Majesty, in* & 1 his jieirs and fucceffors, by way of impofition thereupon, over w. 3. c. 18,. and bpfides all other impofitions and duties, according to the rates hereafter mentioned, that is to fay, For all fuch forts of coals and culm as are ufually fold by the chaider, for every chalder thereof, containing thirty-fix bulhels, Winchefter mea-fure, the sum of three shillings \ and for fuch fort of coals as The rates, are fold by the tun, for every tun thereof, containing twenty hundred weight, the sum of three shillings : which said refpee- To be raifed, tive fams of three shillings for every chalder of coals and culm, &c. as by any and tun of coals, shall from time to time, during the term be- n0w ** * fore-mentioned, be raifed, levied, collected and paid to hisforcc-Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, in the fame manner, method and fortp, and at fuch places, and by fuch rules, ways Vol. m	$	and





*5*	Anno	prime	GeoRGii	I. Stat.20C.13;	(1714?

and means, and under fuch penalties and forfeitures as am mentioned, exprefled and referred unto, in and by any aft, law or ftatute, a6lf, laws or ftatutes now in force, tor levying, colledling or anfwering any other duty or duties now payable to his Majesty for or upon any coals or culm wbatfo-ever, imported or brought coafcwife into the said port of London; and that all and every the powers, authorities, penalties, forfeitures, difabilities, articles, rules and claufe* in the fame a&s, laws and ftatutes, or any of them, mentioned or contained (except fuch and fo much of them for and concerning; which it is otherwise provided in this present alt) shall be of fuch force and effedt, to all intents and purpofe9, for the ratling* levying, colle&ing and anfwering the impofitions hereby granted* for ana during the (aid term herein before limited, as if tht fame were particularly and at large fet down and enaded by this a<ft.

^brought tQ And be it.further enafted by the authority afon&ud* into the Ex- That all and every fuch fum and fums of money, which (had chequer, and be raifed, collected and levied by virtue of this ad (the neceflary appropriated charges of railing, managing and accounting for the fame ex-t!enance^of the ccPtcd)	from time to time, be brought and paid into thi

xninifters. receipt of Exchequer, and by force and virtue of this a6b, ai* Part of this and shall be appropriated * for and towards the providing due pmuy bow to maintenances for the ministers to attend the service tf God m ^Geof^c ttle new churches to be ereded in and about the cities of Lands* I#*' *f0,and JVeflminJier, and fuburbs thereof, purfuant to the said to* cited ads of parliament, and shall for that putpofe be iflbed, applied and difpofed in fuch manner* as shall hereafter be dke&c4 by parliament.

Not to extend HI. Provided, That this ad, or any thing therein contained to coals for the shall not extend, or bfc conftrued to extend to charge or ky any ufe ofChelfea- of the duties or impofitions hereby impofed upon (uch to^| Wpital. (not exceeding one hundred chalders by the Year) as shall k brought into the port of London from NevmftU upon fim* cr any other place, for tWe only ufe and service of the royal Hospital at Cbelfea-, any thing herein contained to the contrary Mi. withftanding. .

TheKingmay IV. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefeid, appoint com- That it shall and maybe lawful, to and for his Majesty, hi* nuffionen to heirs and fucceflor9, by letters patent under the great teal of TOweninthe Great Britain, from time to time, to nominate, conftitut* and former ads. appoint fuch pcrfons as his Majesty, his heirs and fuocefibrs, shall think fit, to be comfniffioners, who, or any five or more of them, shall have power to execute all and every the powers, matters and things in and by the said recited ads, or either of them, appointed to be done and performed; any thing in the ads before recited, or in any other ad or ads to the contrary Artd toinform notwithftanding: and alfo to enquire and inform thetnfefves kt Kowa n^nte- w*'at manner» by and out of the duties hereby granted, and nance may be otherwife, a due maintenance rfiay be provided and fettled for provided for the minifters who are to attend the feryice of God in the fui

pew



Anno primo Georgii I. Stat.2. C.24.	*59

new churches, to be erefted and built in and about the dries the (aid miniA of London and Weftminjfer, and fuburbs thereof; which faid*f™: - „ . commissioners, or any five or more of them, (hall, on or be- fore March*/ fore the twenty-fifth"day of March one thousand seven hundred i7f6, certify5* and fixtecn, report or certify to his Majesty, his heirs and fuc-their enquiries ceflors, in Writing under tneir hands and foals, fuch matterst0 his Majesty, and things as (half appear to them upon their enquiries as afore- pUcafrtoeach &id, with their opinions thereupon, and present a duplicate of heufe of par-fiich report or certificate to each of the two houses of parlia- liament. ment, to the end fuch further directions may be given thereupon, as may be purfuant to his Majesty’s pious intentions in the premifles; and from fuch appointment of new commissioners The former fo to be made, the powers granted to, or vefted in the commif- co™mi^l<?cri fioners in the said laft recited letters patent named, shall de-f.°^c° c" termine ; but nevertheless all contracts and agreements, which But their con-were made and perfected by the said commissioners, in the said tracts before laft recited letters patent named, on or before the twentieth Aug. 20,1715, day of Augttft one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, shall beto m orcc< of the feme force and effeCt as they would have been, if this present aft had not been made.

V.	And whereas the provifton madefy the said recited aft of the Claufe for re-tentbyear of her said late Majesty's reign, for rebuilding the parijh- building the tburch of Saint Mary Woolnoth, London, is at present ineffec- P* gj?1 £Jurc“ tteal, by reafin of the great charges and incumbrances upon the duty woolnoth^ Usd tetienue from which the said provifton was to ijfue; and it is ab- London. filutify hetejjbry that the said church jfbould be immediateh rebuilt: be xo Ann. c. sx» it therefore enafted by the authority aforefaid, That the faid

Srifh Church of Saint Mary WoolHoth, and the tower thereof, all be rebuilt and finifhed in fuch manner as the said commissioners already authorized, or the commissioners to be authorized by virtue of this aft, shall direft, out of the duties

Suited by the said recited aft of the ninth year of her said late ajefty*s reign; and that the monies to be imployed for that 9 Ann; c. sa* purpofe shall be replaced and made good out of, and by the monies applicable by virtue of the said aft of the tenth year of her said late Majesty*s reign, to the rebuilding and finilhing the said church and the tower thereof. Vide 4 Ueo. 1. c. 5. &T 4 (f 5 Geo. 1. e. 9. r Geo. z.Jlat. 2. c. 8.	-

CAP. XXIV.

An aft 4br appointing commiffionere to take, examine and ftite the debts due to the arpty. EXP,

s *

CAP.



i6o>	Anno	primo	GeorOIi I. Stat.2.0,25.	£1714.*

CAP. XXV.

An act to prevent dijlurbances by feamen, and otbirs -, and to preferve the Jiores belonging to bis Majcjiy's navy royal9 and alfo for explaining an aft for the better preventing the imbezilment of bis Majefiy s Jiores of war, and preventing cheats, frauds and abufes in paying feamens wages \ and for reviving and continuing an aft for the more ef-feftual fupprejjion of piracy.

WHEREAS divers fightings, quarrellings and dijlurbances, d$ often happen in and about his Majejly\ offices, yards and Jiores belonging to his Majefiy s royal navy, and frequent differences ahd diforders are occaftoned in and about the office of his Maje/iys trcafury of the navy9 on pay days in London, Poftfmouth, and other places of meeting for the service of the said navy, by the unrta-fmable turbulency of Jeamen, and others, attending on or relating t$ that service, or their creditors, or by the rudenefs of the officers in-trufied with his Majejlys Jiores on land, or in his royal Jbips, when they arc qucflioned by the principal officers and commijjioners of the said navy, either for negleft or imbezilment of his Majefiy s prpuir /tons, ammunition, or other equipage of the navy under their charge, not only to the dijlurbance of the peace, but fometimes to the danger and hindrance of his Majefiy's service, both in point of bujbaflding .bis Majefiy's revenue, and alfo in the difpatch of the Jbips, on which the honour and fafety of his Majefiy and kingdom fo much depends, which inconveniencies require a fpeedier remedy than the ordinary 'courfe of jujlicr; the parties accufed or offending being mai& times bound to fea, and the principal officers ana tommffioners for want of authority to fupprefs fuch infolenctes and diforders, and bear, determine and punijb fuch offences, being necejfitated to pafs by many offences in which his Majefiy might be righted, if. their nutffary attendance on that important service would permit the profecution of the Treafurer, offenders before other ordinary judicatures: for remedy whereof, be fm^owcrcd to enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefiy, by and with .the punSh^pcrrons<ac*v*ce anc* confent of the lords (piritual and temporal and com-who make dif- mons, in parliament affembled, and by the authority. of the turbances in fame, That the treafurer, comptroller, (urveyor, clerk of the the yards. &c.	aruj the commiflioners of the navy for the time being, or

any one or more of them fhall, from and after the twenty-ninth day of September next enfuing, have power and authority, by warrant under any one or more of their bands and feals, to caufe fuch offenders to be apprehended and brought before him or thdm, and to examine and punifh all fuch person and per-fons whom he or they, upon their enquiry and examination of witneffes upon oath, (which oath he or they are hereby iro-powered to adminifter) or upon confeflion of the party or parties accufed, or on view in his or their prefence, (hal! find to * make, or have made any fuch difturbance, fighting or quarrelling in any the yards, fiores, offices or places aforefaid, at

pay-

i 7T4O Anno primo Georgii I. Stat. 2. c. 25.'	*61

pay-days, or on other occafions relating to the naval services, in fuch manner as followeth (that is to fay ) that they, or any one or more of them, may punifh any the laid offences by fine, im-prifonment, or either of them, the fine not exceeding twenty Ihiilings, and imprifonment not exceeding one week ; and have pow£r in fuch cafes to commit fuch person to the next gaol, or to the cuftody of the meffenger or meffengers for the time being attendant on them, who refpc&ively are to receive and detain fuch person fo offending; and that the said principal of-. ficers and commifiioners, or any one or more of them then pre-fcnt, have hereby power and authority to difcharge fuch fine or imprifonment, if they think fit, and for nonpayment of the fine lo impofed and not remitted, to imprifon the party offending until payment thereof, or otherwise to caufe luch offender or offenders to be.fent to the next houfe of correction to the place where fuch offence lhall be committed, there to be kept at hard labour for the fpace of two months, without bail or main-prize, which said fines lhall be paid to the clerk of the cheft at Chatham for the ufe of the maimed Teamen.

II.	.And it is hereby further enaCfed by the authority afore- And may bind laid. That the said officers and commifiioners, * or anyone ortbc of^?ders more of them (in cafes where greater example or punimment is y?0ur and to" needful) may alio bind the person or persons fo offending, to app^ at their good behaviour, and to anfwer the offences whereof they allies, &c. lhall be accufed, at the next aflizes or general quarter-fefiions of

the peace for the county or place where fuch offence lhall be committed, with or without feCurities, as occalion lhall be; and in default of fuch fecurities, where the fame lhall be required, to commit the person or persons offending, as aforefaid, to the common gaol of the county or place where fuch offence lhall be committed, in order to their being profecuted for fuch offence or offences at the next affizes or general quarter-fefiions of the peace for fuch county or place.

III. And whereas divers of his Majefly's forts and ammunition,	^	°f-

pertaining to his navy and Jhipping, or service thereof^ are often pri-

vattfy mbezilled or filched away: for the more effectual discovery quire of tbe ' of foch (lores and ammunition, it is hereby further enacted by imbtzilment the authority aforefaid. That the said principal officers and com- naval mifiioners of his Majesty’s navy, or any one or more of them,	^

lhall have hereby power to enquire, and by warrant under his fenders, or their hands and feals, to impower any person or persons to fcarch for the fame in all places, in liKe manner as juftices of peace may do in cafe of felony, and punifh the offenders by fuch fine and imprifonment, as aforefaid, the value of the goods fo imbezilled or filched away, not exceeding the sum of twenty Ihiilings, and caufe the goods to be brought in again; and if the offence be of fuch ntftUrc as doth requite an higher and feverer punifliment, then that they, any one or more of them, may commit fuch offender to the next gaol, or to the cuftody of their meffenger or meffengers aforefaid, till he or they offending, enter into recognizance with furety or furcties, according

S3	to

%6z	Anno	prime Georgii I. Sue.a.

tot be nature of the offence, to appear and anfwcr to the fam in his Majesty’s court of Exchequer, or other court where ho Majesty shall queftion him or them for the fame, within out year following, on proccfs duly ferved for that puipofe on fuch offender or offenders.

IV.	jfnd whereas divers iUSflofod persons upon freUmae *f tarrying bis Majesty's naval goods, proviflonsy viffuah* flares and ammunition from his Majeflfs yards, wharfs, jloreboufes* or oiber places* to bis Majeflfs flip or flips* or to flub /hip or flips as an employed in bis Majeflfs service* or fuch persons as are imployod H recarry or remove from the said flip or flips fuch navalflares* goads* froviflons* victuals* Jlores and ammunition, to flub bh Majeflfs yards* wharfs* florehoufes* or other places, do frequently mhesnil* take and carry them away* where they cannot be found* and remove them-Jthts to places unknown, before they can be apprehended or camiSed by due procefs of law* by reafon that tbofe witnejfes then Jhaoeld prove the fluid faffs are hound forth to fee* or othermfe imphyed ejfrwbert* and it is found neeejfary that juft ice be more fpeedily done in Jweh cafes* When the than by ordinary courfe of law it can be: be it therefore ena&ed by goods embez- the authority aforefaid. That the treafurer, comptroller, far-SevSu^of F vcy°r> c^er*c °f t*lc a<^s an<* commissioners of the navy, for die »qs. the of- time being, or any one or more of them, whfre the goods fo fender shall be imbezilled, taken or carried away, shall be undo* the Value of foed.	twenty	(hillings, shall have full power and authority, upon the

oath of one or more witnefles (which they or any or them have hereby power to adminifter) or confcffion of fuch party fo offending, as aforefaid, or other legal proof thereof, to convid the party or parties fo offending, by writing under his or any of their hands and feals, and to impofe fuch fine or fines upon' ati or every fuch person or persons fo offending and convicted, as aforefaid, as to the said treafurer, comptroller, furveyor, clerk of the adls and the commissioners of the navy, for the time being, or any one or more of them, shall in his or their difcnetkm feem meet$ the said fine or fines not exceeding double the value of the naval goods, provifions, vidhials, (lores or ammunition fo imbezilled or carried away ; which fine or fines shall be levied by diftrefs and fale of the goods of fuch offender, by virtue of the warrant of fuch officer or officers who shall fo convi& the imprifonment said offender, directed in manner aforefaid, to the person or for 3 months, persons aforefaid, returning the overplus, if any be, to tbs owner of fuch goods $ or in cafe no fufficient diftrefs can be found, as aforefaid, the party or parties fo offending {hall, by virtue of the warrant of fuch officer before whom fuch person or persons shall be convicted, be imprifoned in the next gad far any fpace of time, not exceeding three months, without bail or mainprizc.

V.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, That the said treafurer, comptroller, furveyor, clerk of the afi* and commissioners of the navy for the time being, or any one or more of them, upon oath of one or more credible witnefles (which he and they have hereby power to adminifter} tt&fying.

fine to be levied by diftrefs , and for want thereof

floosie

17*4-) Aiw primo Georgii I. Stat.2. c. 25.

Tb#t his Majesty’s naval goods, ilores, ammunition, or naval Naval (tore*

provjfipns, or any part thereof, are co/iveyed into any (hip or

yeflel whatloever, and mentioning the name of fuch (hip or toara (halibe

yeifel being at anchor, and not ready to (ail that tide, within feized by war*

any of the roads, harbours, creeks or rivers within his Majesty’s rant off the

dominions, or any person or persons by their or one of their

warrant or warrants (in which warrant or warrants the quantity urcr*

or quality of fuch goods shall be fpecified) thereunto authorized

and appointed, in the day time, shall have full power and au*

thorny to go on board any fuch (hip or veffel whatfoever, being

within any of the places afbrefaid$ and in cafe refiftance or re*

fufal be made upon demand, to enter and break open the

hatches and cabbins, or other places of fuch (hip or vefiel, and

(earch therein for any fuch naval goods, (lores, ammunition or

provifions belonging to his Majesty’s navy, which have been

imbezilled, purloined and taken away; and the fame to (eize,

take and parry away to any of his MajestyV yards or ftore-

houfcs, to be applied to his Majesty’s ufe, unlefs the (aid officers

and ccunmiffioners, upon hearing the matter, shall find they

were unduly feized, and thereupon reftore them to the party

claiming the Came, which they are hereby empowered to do.

VI.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefcid, Punifhment of That every person or persons who shall counterfeit tne hands of counterfeiting the treafurer, comptroller, furveyor, clerk of the a&s, or of the *h* hand of commiflioners of the navy, or of any of them, or the hand or ^ trcaiurcr* hands of the figning or vouching officers of his Majesty’s navy, '

(hips or yards, or the hand or hands of any one or more of thetq, to any bill, ticket, or other papers, by Virtue whereof his Majesty’s naval treafure is or may be paid or difpofed of, or shall knowingly produce any fuch counterfeit ticket, bill, or other paper, every fuch person or persons fo offending, shall or may bp lawfully committed to prifon by the said officers or commifiloners, or any one of them, uqtil he shall find furety to appear at the next general aflizes or quarter-feflions of the peace, for the county, town or place where fuch offender shall be fo committed to prilbn, to be there proceeded againfl according to law.

VIL And whereas by an off made in the ninth and tenth years of &

<£/ reiges of bis late majejly King William the Third, intituled, An c.41.	*

t£t for the better preventing the imbezilment of his Majesty’s ftores of war, and preventing cheats, frauds and abufes in paying (jpamen’s wages, among other things therein contained, reciting,

Tmt forafmuch as divers wicked persons for lucre and gain, had per-ftmatedfeamen who had really ferved^ or were fuppofed to have ferved onboard of his Majejly1 s Jhipsy and thereby bad received divers funet of his Majejly's money at the pay-office* or elfewhere, of bis Ma-Iffy's officers appointed for payment of his Majesty's fleet and Jbips* in,deceit as well of his Majejly as of the terfons who nad really ferved on board any of his Majesty's Jhips \ and had alfojbr fuch wicked pur-pofes forged and counterfeited divers letters of attorney, or bills of foie* sad alignments* or laft vjillsx in the name or names of persons who

sy	ha

Perfons con-vi&ed of any the crimes in the recited ad, shall be liable to the punifhment thereby in-flided.

The judge may mitigate the penalties impofed by *bt (aid ad.

164	Anno	primo	GeoRgti I. Stat. 2. C.	ft714*

had really frved, or were fuppofed to have ferved on hoard his Af*~ jefly's said jhips; and had ahd did alfo procure daily divers men and women to perfonate, and divers wicked persons did of their own accord perfonate the wives, relations or creditors of fuch feameny who had or were fuppofed to have ferved on board of Us Majeffs finps, and thereby had faljly taken out letters of adminijlration to fuch feamaH or feamen, having ferved or fuppofed to have ferved on board of bit Majesty's Jhips, or had forged and counterfeited letters of attorney, bills of f ale, or other authorities, in the names of the executors or ad-minijlrators of fuch feamen, for the receipt of fucb wages as were due or fuppofed to be due to fuch feamen, havingferved or fuppofed to have ferved as afore faid: for the prevention ofwhich said wicked practices* it was thereby enafted, That all and every fuch person or per-fons, bis, her or their aiders or abettors, that Jbould be convifted of the said crimes and offences committed, from and after the twenty-fourth day of June which was in the year of our Lord one tboujaai fix hundred ninety-eight, Jbould for every fuch offence, over and above the penalties to be infix ft ed by any laws then in force, forfeit tbe fium of two hundred pounds, together with cofis of profecutton: and whereas * fome doubts havt arifers, whether any offender or offenders, who Jboll or may be convifted of fome or one of the crimes or offences mentioned in the said aft, and Jhall not be convifted of all the fame crimes and offences, Jball, as the said aft is penned, be fubjeft and liable to the penalties in the said aft impofed on fuch offenders: for explaining whereof, be it enafted and declared by the authority aforefaid, That all and every person and persons, his, her or their aiders or abettors, aider or abettor, that shall be convifted of all or any the crimes or offences aforesaid in the said laft recited aft mentioned (hall, for every fuch crime or offence, over and above the penalties to be inflifted by any other law now in force, be fub-jeft and liable to the pains and penalties inflidted by the hud laft mentioned adt, to be recovered and diftributed as in the fame recited aft is mentioned.

VIII.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the judge, justice or juftices, before whom fuch offender or offenders shall be tried or convifted of all or any the crimes or offences before mentioned, to mitigate the said penalties and forfeitures by the fame aft impofed, according to his or their jdifcretion, or in lieu thereof, to punifh fuch offender or offenders in the premifles corporally, by caufing him, her or them, to be publickly whipped and committed to fome publick work-houfe, there to be kept to hard labour for the fpace of three months, or kfs time, as to fuch judge, justice or juftices, shall in his or their diferetion feem meet 5 any thing in the said 2d contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

IX.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, salty*&c!may That it shall and may be lawful to and for the lord high ad-ad mmiter miral of Great Britain and Ireland for the time being, or the paths in cafes commissioners for executing the office of lord high admiral of ito receiving) Great Britain m& Ireland for the time being, or any one or more

The admi-

■ 7 *4*3 Anno primo Georgii I. Stat. %. c. 25.	*5$

rf *hetn, the fecrrtary or fecrctaries of the said lord high ad- &c- hi* Ma-niral, or commissioners for executing the office of lord high trea-idmiral for the time being, and to and for the treafurer, comp- lurc* .Tollerr furveyor, clerk of the ads, and the commissioners of his Majesty’s navy for the time being, or for any one or more of them, to adminifter an oath or oaths, in any cafe or cafes relating to the receiving, keeping, Wiling and accounting for any part of hisMajesty's treafure, victuals, (lores or provisions of his MajeftVs navy, or for the preservation of due order and di topline therein, or in any other matter or thing relating to his Ma-icftVs navy, or the affairs thereof.

X.	And it is hereby further declared and enabled by the au- treasurer thority aforelaid, That the said treafurer, comptroller, furvcv- 0t the navy, or, clerk of the ads, and the commissioners of the navy, for See. may cxe-the time being, or any one or more of them, may execute all cute the pow-mnd every the powers hereby, or by any other law given them, Sj^thein or any or them, on all and every the offenders aforefaid, in all £, well within places as well within liberties as without; any law, flatute, or* liberties as dinance, charter or privilege to the contrary notwithftanding. without.

XI.	Provided always, and it is hereby declared. That This ad shall claufe, fentence, or other matter in this ad contained, shall re- not repeal,&c. peal, alter, change, or be interpreted to make void any of the the a&of t% claufes, matters or things, fpecified or contained in one ad of Car« *• c* 5• parliament made in the two and twentieth year of the reign of

his late majesty King Charles the Second, intituled. An aft far taking away the benefit of clergy fromfitch as feed cloth from the rack% and from fitch as Jball fteal or imbezil his Majesty*s ammunition and ftores; but that the fame ad shall remain in lull force and virtue, for and notwithstanding any thing herein contained.

XII.	Provided also, and be it farther enaded, That all and Theadmiraltv every the powers hereby given to any officer or cotnmiffioner of may execute the navy, may be exercifed by the lord high admiral of Great the powers in Britain and Ireland for the time being, or the commissioners for this ad. executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain and

Ireland for the time being, or any one or more of them.

XIII.	Provided also, and be it further enaded. That no per- None shall be fon or persons who shall be punifhed by virtue of this ad, (ball a|^n

be punithed by force of any other law for the fame offence.	{Lmeoffence

XIV.	Provided always, and it is hereby enaded by the au* thority aforefaid. That this present ad, and alfo the said ad made in the ninth year of the reign of his late Majesty King IViUiam v

the Third, shall be deemed, conftrued, allowed and taken no* be deemed tice of in all courts of law and equity, and by all judges and ju- publick ads. dices whatfoever, and in all other places and jurifdidions whatr foever, without pleading or fetting forth the fame, as and for publick ads to all intents and purposes whatfoever.

XV.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid^ convidiont That all and every the convidions and judgments which shall 0n this ad to be had, made or given in purfuance of this ad, shall be final, be final* and not fubjed to any appeal or certiorari, nor be removed, fu-petfeded or fufpended thereby, or by any of them; any law,

*6$	Anno primo Gteottm I. Scot. i. o.%6.	(^714.

statute or provision to the contrary thereof in any wiferretwhh-

(famding.

Perfens fued XVI. And it is hereby further crafted by the authority a* may plead the (brefaid, That if any person or persons shall at any time be food anteral iffue, or ppofecuted for or on account of any matter or thing by him *cc‘	or them done or executed in purfuance of this aft, or the laid

. aft made in the ninth year of the reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, he or they (ball or may plead the general iffue, and give this aft and the hud laft mentioned aft, and the (pedal matter in evidence for his or their defence* and if upon a trial a verdift shall pafs for the defendant or defendants* or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall be nonfuit, or difeontinue his or their aftion or fuit, or judgment shall otherwise pafs for the defto-aadlhall reco- dant or defendants therein, then fuch defendant or defendants v«r double	{hall have double cofts to him or them auraeded agaiaft fech

coft**	plaintiff or plaintiffs, to be levied m fuch manner as cofts in

other aftions may be levied, wi&of . XVII. And it is hereby cnafted by the authority aforeftid, «* andi*3 That an aft made in the Seventh year of the reign of hie Am. c. 34. to late majesty King William the Third, intituled, An for lit be in force more	ejftftud fuppreffing of , which was thereby to be in

dmiog this force for (even years, and from thence to the end of the next *“\	feflion of parliament, after the expiration of the (aid (men yean,

and which by an aft made in the fifth year of the reign of her kte majesty Queen Anne, intituled. An all for continuum tit laws therein mentioned relating to the , and to the keying and felling tf cattle in Smithfteld, and for fupprtjjing	was cnafted to

remain in full force for seven years, and from thence to the end of the next feflion of parliament, Audi from and after the said twenty ninth day of September next enfuing, be revived, and the lame is hereby cnafted to he in force during the continuance of this aft.

Duration of XVIII. Provided, That this aft shall bein force for five yean, this aft. and to the end of the next feflion of parliament, after the expi* ration of the said five years, and no longer. Made perpetual by qGeo.i. C.8./3.

CAP. XXVI.

An act for continuing feverlaws therein mentioned relating to coals, hemp and flax, Irifh and Scotch linen, and affine of bread \ and for giving power to adjourn the ftar-ter-fffions for the county of Angldea, for the purpofts therein mentioned.

WHEREAS divers temporary laws which by experience have been found beneficial and ufeful, are expired or near expiring i therefore for continuing the fame, be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That an aft made in the feflion ot parliament held in the ninth ear

17 i4*X Anoaprimo Georoii I. Stat. 2. c. a6.	%6y

of the reign of the late Queen Anne* intituled. An act to dijfohe of the prefent* and prevent the future combination of coal-owners* tighter- 9 c* **• mwr, maflers of flips* and others, to advance the price of coals* in c pcrpc-prejudice of the navigation* trade and manufaftures of this kingdom* and for the farther encouragement of the coal trade, which was to continue for three years, and from thence to the end of-the next; fcjfion of parliament, which aft was further continued by an act made in the first year of the reign of his present ma-jefty King George* which will expire at the end of this session of parliament, shall be made perpetual.

II.	And be it farther enafted by the authority aforelaid. That The a£ of, i

an aft made in the session of parliament, held in the eleventh & ,* w. 3. and twelfth years of his late majesty King William the Third, in- c. 16. made tituled, An act for the better afeertatning tie tithes of hemp and flan* pcrpctuaL which was to continue for seven years, and from thence to the eod of the next session of parliament; vfrhich aft was farther continued by an aft made in the sixth year of her said late 6 Ann. c. it. jffty Queen Anne* for seven years, from the expiration thereof ; which aft was farther continued by an aft made in the first year at his present majesty King George, and will expire at the end of this present session of parliament, shall be made perpetual.

- III. And be it farther enafted by the authority aforefaid. The aft of 3 Sc. That lb much of the aft made in the third and fourth years of 4 Ann. c. 8. the reign of her said late majesty Queen Anne* intituled. An aft Cp^fbtr conti-to permit the exportation of Irifh linen doth to the plantations, and to mud by 3 Geo, prohibit the importation of Scotch linen into Ireland, as relates to i. c.»i. die liberty of exporting Irifl linen to the Weft-Indiet* shall con* tioue and remain in fall force for the term of one year, and from thence to the end of the next session of parliament.

IV.	And be it farther enafted by the authority aforefeid, Thc ^ ^ That an aft made in the session of parliament held in the eighth s Ann. c. it. year of the reign of her said late majesty Queen Anne, intituled, continued., Am aft to regulate the price and aflize of bread* which was to cooti- i*Geo.*.c.ij. one for three years, and from thence to the cod of the next fef- *tG*ai*c-*6* fion of parliament; which aft was farther continued by the faid

aft made in the first year of the reign of his present majesty King George, and will expire at the end of this present feflion of parliament, shall be, continue and remain in rail force for the term pf three years, and from thence to the end of the next session of parliament.

V.	And whereas by the said aft made in the eighth year of the reign I Ann, c.t*. of her late majesty Shuen Anne, intituled* An act to regulate the

price and affize oforead, a penalty of forty jhillings is laid upon all persons baking or making bread for fate* or expofing to foie any breed wanting the due weight* or that Jbould not be marked according to the direction of the said aft \ which said penalty hath by experience, been found to be too great a hardflip, and tended very much to the ob-preffton of the bakers* fometimes for very minute and inconftderatile defaults* and fad) as they (through the many accidents the said trade h fabjeft to) cannot always prevent fame fmall diminution of weight* by bang overbaked* Jhk$ or one leaf ftkmg to another% while the other

hath the ever-weight; and the mark put upon bread, by reafon of tie fermenting of the ye/i, becoming very often imperfect, and fometimts not apparent: for remedy of which hardftlips for the future, be The penalty it enacted by the authority afordaid, That the said penalty of InSAnn. c.18. shillings, mentioned in the said adt for want of weight of repea . bread, or not being marked, and upon no other account, according to the directions of the said aCt, shall from and after the After 1 Sept. day °f September one thousand seven hundred and fifteen be 1715. Bakers repealed; and that from and after the said first day of Septemberi making bread if any baker, or other person or persons, baking or making bread, deficient:in	for fale, Gr expofing bread to fale, shall bake, make, fell orcx-

fbr eve * P°^c t0 anY bread which shall be deficient in weight (accord-* ourtce forfeit to the alhze of bread to be fet purfuant to the directions of 5 s. ahd want- the said recited a6t) to the amount of one ounce or more, he* mg lef* as. 6d. (he or they fo doing, being thereof lawfully convicted, (hail for every offence forfeit ahd pay the sum of five shillings for every ounce of bread (b wanting, and for any bread wahtitfg any weight lefs than an ounce, the sum of two millings and fix pence; fuch bread being complained of and weighed before a magi ft rate, or justice or juftices of peace, or before any person by him or them appointed, within twenty-four hours after the fame shall be baked or expofed to fale within the cities of London and Weft-minfter, and bills of mortality, and within three days in all other cities, towns or places, within that part of Great Britain called England, Wales y and town of Berwick upon Tweed; the (aid forfeiture and forfeitures to be given to the ufe of the informer or informers, and to be adjudged, levied and recovered in iuch manner as the said penalty of forty shillings is by the said && of the eighth year of her said late Majesty’s reign, to be adjudged* levied and recovered.

VI.	And whereas in the said recited aft of the eighth year of her said Majefly's reign, there is no provifm made for making and fitting peck, half-peck, quartern, and half-quartern loaves, which feme ma-giftrateSy purfuant so the power and authority to them given by the said aft, have thought fit to allow of and licence in fome places, while others have thoughtfit not to allow of or licence the fame: and for of

lVA<rwj,f much as several of his Majesty's Jubjefts, aredefirous to have fucbfrrt &c. to be made of breads be it therefore further declared and enaCted by the au-according to thority aforefaid. That every baker or bakers shall and may, from and after the said first day of September, one thousand feveo a Anns c.18. hundred and fifteen, make, bake, fell, and expofe to fale, peck, half-peck, quartern, and half-quartern loaves, fo as the fame are made and fold, both as to weight and price, in proportion to the aflize-table contained in the said former aCl.

VII.	And to the intent that the affizt of bread may be truly fet% oc-

After Sept. i. cording to	the real prices of wheats mealy or flout, whereof fuch triad

Jnce S?	*s mc^€ ’	it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That

grain* &c. to ^rom and a^ter r^e said first day of September one thousand feven

be certified on hundred and fifteen, every time the aflize is or shall be altered,

oath before	according to the powers by the said recited act given, the price*

the lord	of grain,	meal, and flour in the adjacent markets where fuch

mayor, &c.	&	J

When profe-cution to be.

Forfeiture to the informer, and to be recovered as by 8 Ann. c. 18.

Peck loaves,

Anno primo Georgii I. Sut. 2. e.27.	26$

affize shall be fet (the said prices to be afcertained according to thefVmcheJler meafure) (hall, from time to time, be given in and certified upon oath before the said lord mayor and aldermen of the city of Lending or to the said chief magiftrate or magiftrates, or juftices, who by the said aft are refpedively authorized and impowered to fet fuch affize, by the clerk or clerks of the refpec-tive adjacent market, qr fuch other person or persons as the said magiftrate shall appoint; fo that they may fet the affize accordingly, and make luch a reafonable allowance to the bakers for The aflize of their charges, pains, and livelyhood, as heretofore has been ac- bread for , cuftomed; and that the affize of bread for the city of London and n\ weekly bills of mortality (the city of Wefiminjler and liberties ^c.^cxcepte?) thereof, the borough of Southwark and weekly bills of mortality to be fet by in the county of Surrey, excepted) (hall, from time to time, be the court of fet by the court of lord mayor and aldermen of the city of Lon- ™ay°r doH, or by the lord mayor of the said city, for the time being, aw*a ermc* Jby order of the said court; any thing in the said former a<ft contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

’ V JII. And whereas by a* aft of parliament made in the second year of the reign of King Edward the Sixth, intituled, An act for keeping of the great feffions, quarter-feffions, and county-courts at the town of Beaumaris in the county of Anglefea: it was enafted,

That as well the great feffions of the said county of Anglefea, as all Dyer ijj. and every Jhire, and county-day or days, and feffions of the peace, to P1- H* he holden for the feud county of Angkfea, jball be bolden and kept within the fend town ^Beaumaris, and within the liberties of the fame town, and not elfewhere, except as in the said aft is excepted; any grant, lawy ufage, or prefeription theretofore hady obtained, or ufed, in any wife to the contrary notwithjlandtng: be it neverthelefe -hereby ena&ed, That it shall be lawful for the juftices of the The juftices peace of the said county of Anglefea, to adjourn the quarter-fef- may adjourn -fions to be holden for the said county, from time to time, to Jh* quarter-any othet part of the said county, as to them lhall feem meet j^?"# fo/thc 4tnd convenient, for the eafe ana benefit of fuch as shall be obligr |*fe 0f fuch a* ed to take the oaths appointed by law to be taken to his Majer shall take the .fty, his heirs and fucceffors, ana to and for no other ufe, in- oaths, tent, or purpofe whatsoever.

CAP. XXVII.

An aUfor taking and fating the debts due and growing due to Scotland by way of equivalent in the terms of the union %

* and for relief of the creditors of the publick in Scotland, and the commfftoners of the equivalent.

\\T HERE AS by the fifteenth article contained in the afts for V ▼ union of the two kingdoms of England and Scotland, it is re-sited or mentionedy That by the terms of the treaty for the said union, the Jubjefts qf Scotland, for preferving an equality of trade throughput the united kingdom, would be liable to several customs and excifes then payable in England, which would be applicable towards payment if the debts ^England contracted before the union; and it was a-1 ■	gmd.

Reciting the x 5th article in the union aft. 5 Ann*, c. 8.

Anno prime Ge6&gii I« Star* a. C. *7# f 17141

rtdf Scotland Jbmld have tin equivalent for what the fabfilft thereof Jbould be fo charged towards payment of the /aid debts' tf England, in all particulars whatfoever, in manner therein tneritiim* ad, viz. That the sum of three hundred ninety-eight thousand eigbty-five pounds and ten Jhillings Jbould be granted to her late Majejty by the parliament ^England, for thenjes therein mentioned, being the eauivalent to be anfwered to Scotland, for fucb parts of the said at-poms and excifes upon all excifeable liquors, with which that kingdom Was to be charged upon the union, as would be applicable to the payment of the faii debts 0/*England, according to the proportions width the then present cuftrns in Scotland, being thirty xhoufand pounds per annum, did bear to the cujlrns in England, computed at one ntiBirt three hundred forty-one thousand five hundred fifty-mne pounds per annum ; and which the then present excifes on excifeable liquors ti Scotland, being thirty-three thousand Jive hundred pounds per annual, odid bear to the excifes on excifeable liquors in England, computed at mine hundred forty-feven thousand fix hundred and two pounds per annum ; and in regard that after the union, Scotland becoming B-cMe to the said cufiorrp and duties payable on import and export, and to the fame excifes on all excifeable liquors, as in England, as wet ttpon that account, as upon the account of the encreafi of trade end people, the said revenues would much improve beyond the before-mentioned annual values thereof, of which no efiimtite could then be made: yet neverthelefs, for the reafons aforefaid, it is in the said article declared, That a proportionable equivalent ought to be anfwered U Scotland ; and it was thereby agreed. That after the union there JbotM be tin account kept of the said duties arijmg in Scotland, to the amt k might appear what ought to be anfwered to Scotland, as an equivalent fir fitch proportion of the said encreafe as Jbould be applicable to the payment of the debts of England : and for the further and Mere if-fetlual anfwering the fevered ends mentioned in that artide 5 it tods d-gretd. That from and after the anion the whole encreafe of the revenues of cufioms and dattes on export and import, and extifis upon eX-eifeable liquors in Scotland, over and above the annual product of the Jaid refit {live duties, as above fiated, Jbould go and be appliedJot the term of fieven years to the ujes therein mentioned; and that upon the said account there Jbould be anfwered to Scotland annually, from the end of seven years after the union, an equivalent in proportion tojuch farts of the Jaid encreafe, as Jbould be applicable to the debts of England 5 and generally that an equivalent Jbould bo anfwered to Scotland, for fuch parts of the Enelifh debts as Scotland might thereafter become liable to pay by reafin of the utdon, oth& than Jutb for Which appropriations had then been made by parliament in England, of the cufioms, or other duties on export and import, or excifes on c& txcifeable liquors; in refieft of which debts, equivalents were then-in before provided : and by the said fifteenth article it was provided, That the said fum of three hundred ninety-eight thousand eighty-five founds and ten JhUlitigs, and alfo the whole mcreafe of the Jaid revenues of cufioms, duties and excifes, above the then present value, which should 'arife in Scotland during the said term of Jeven years \ togelher'witb the equivalent which Jbould become due upon the improvement

*7*

mmtmt	thereof in Scotland after tbi faii term; and as all other

foams which,according jo the agreements therein mentioned, Jboaldbt* dome payable to Scotland by way of equivalent far what that kingdom should thereafter become liable towards payment of the debts of Eng-land* Jbtuld be applied to the refptRrve uf therein mentioned; and bat- late Mayfly was thereby impowered to appoint temmijfioners for the purposes therein mentioned; which commtffimrs should be or ad to taU for, receive and difpoje the momes	and	to	*

fpe& the boots of the fevered colleaors of the faii revenues, and of all other duties from whence, an equivalent might arife; and the and managers of the fad revenues and duties were thereby obliged to give to the jaa commissioners fubfcribed authentic! abbreviates of the produce of	futb revenues and duties arifing in their 5

and that the find commissioners, should have their office within the limits Scotland, and should in futb office hep books containing accounts qf the amount of the equivalents, and how the fame should have been difpofed of from time to time, which might be infpe&ed by easy of theJmjtfts defiring the fame : and whereas the /aid Jum of thru hundred mnety-eight	tboufand eighty-five pounds and	ten Jh'dhngs was duly paid to Scotland, to be applied to the fad	actor ding to the ad

of union, and other alls of parliament Jtnct made in that behalf; and user said late	Afajejly, by letters patent under the great feal of Great

Britain, did appoint	commiffionersfor the purposes aforefaid,	but the

fend	eonaoiffioners,	byreafan of Jevtral	, and

for want of the proper vouchers and aocounts, whereby the debts of Endand incurred before the union, and for which	has	beat

dnadtfast* the treaty of union, might be dijiinguijbed from the charges and fervid of the feveredfallowing years, could not keep futb books as tbi find article directed: for remedy Whereof be it enabled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and coni-lent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons, in this may appoint present parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame, commiffioner* That comtniffianers Stall be appointed and authorized to the	***

purpofes after mentioned $ which tetmniffioners his Majesty is ** hereby impowered to nominate and appoint under the great feal of Great Britain, with fuclt friaries to the commissioners, and allowances fat derfcs, and incident charges, as his Majesty fttall think fit, for taking, examining and dating the debts due and arrowing due' to Scotland, by way of equivalent $ which commiC-fionen are hereby impowered and authorised to iflixe their precepts to alt officers wnatfoever, imployed or to be imployed in The commiT-tbe managing, colleding, receiving or paying the publick rtve- fiooen may. nue, or in rendring, controlling or auditing the accounts of the feme, to give fiach accounts and abbreviates duly figned, as to thepuMidr thefe commiflioners shall appear neceflary for that purpofe; and revenue*, particularly the said commissioners are hereby authorized to take and ftate the accounts of what equivalents and increafe have And ftate the become due to Scotland, according to the agreements in the laid account* from treaty, from the commencement of the union to the first day of	union to

May one tboufrnd seven hundred and fourteen, and of the ap-	** ,7,<*

plication of the (ponies levied in Great Britain, in the .feveral years

€71	Anno prime GsokGii I. Stat. 2. c. *$r#	[17*4;

(years since the union, diftinguiftung the parts which have, bam applied for payment of the debts of .England incurred before the union, from fuch parts as have been for the service of the uni$ed kingdom in the several fubfequent years, and of aH puhlick mo-uics.that by any ways or means whatsoever havearifen and wexc due and payable ia Scotland, during the ftrft seven years after the union, according to the said treaty of union, and of all arrears yet ftanding out proper to the account of that time; and alio bf the puhlick money due and payable for the service of the year, one thousand seven hundred and feven, or before that time, which has since been paid, or is ftill ftanding out; and of the civil and military eftablifhment for that year; and in like manner of what monies have been advanced and paid out of the tret-fury of England towards making up the a&ual expence which Should have been provided for by the parliament of Scotland, and of the ftate of the revenues of both nations, as computed at the * time of the treaty, and for the several years fince; <a$ alfo to take and ftate what proportion of the increafe of the ouftoms and excife of Scotland, over and above the annual produce of thefe refpe&ive duties, as ftated in the fifteenth article of union, are and will, after the expiration of the term of seven years mentioned in that article, be applicable to the payment of the debts of England contracted before the union; and to take and-ftatoan account of what parts of the duties impofed since the union*are ' and will be applicable to the payment of the like debts incurred before that time, and generally to fpccify the parts and proportions of the revenue of Scotland, and every branch thereof, which are and will be applicable to the payment of the said debts ia England, in confequence of the appropriations made finqe the * treaty of union and the time, of the continuance of thefe appropriations, to the end that a true and juft ftate and account of all thefe matters may be made up pyrmant to the agreements in the said treaty of union, according to the true meaning and intent thereof, and a report thereof may be laid before the King and both houses of parliament, for their final determination, thereupon.

c	II.	And	it is further enaAed, That the said commiflioners,

erTmay admi-or any two	thall and may, and are hereby impowered

nifter oaths. * and authorized to adminifter aq oath to the proper officers from whom they receive any accounts or abbreviates, as to the truth and juftneis of fuch accounts, to the beft of their knowledge. . H .	IIL And it is hereby declared, That this commiflion, toge-

SmmUHoiihC t^er with the powers hereby granted, shall continue in full /ores ihall continue and virtue from the iffuing thereof, during the fpace of one,whok in force. year, and till the end of the then next session of parliament, ta the intent and purpofe that the accounts between the two nations, upon the agreements in the treaty of union, may be fully ftated, and laid before his Majesty and both houses of parliament, as aforefaid.	,

Officers not IV- Provided always, That none of the said officers or pet-obliged totra* fons? who ace hereby required to obey fuch prompts of the ftjd

com?

LiOOQle

Commiflioners, as aforefaid, shall be obliged, for doing thereof, to travel further than the cities of London, IVejhmnJler, and Edinburgh^ or any of them.

V.	Provided alfo. That if the said commiflioners, in the execution of this adfc, shall meet with difficulties in points of law, the fame lhall be fpecially dated in their report for determination in parliament.

VI.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That any two of the said commiflioners, before they enter upon the execution of this ad, shall take an oath before the lord high chancellor of Great Britain, or mader of the rolls, (which oath they, or either of them, are hereby refpedively authorized and required to adminider to them ,•) the tenor whereof shall be as followcth;

*74

Vel farther than London ,or Edinburgh*

Difficulties in point of law to be dated by the coramii-li oners.

Commiffion-ers to be fworn s

I A. B. do /wear, That, according to the heft of my Jkill and how- The oath.

ledge, I Jhall faithfully, impartially ana truly demean myfelf, in takings examining and f ating the debts due and growing due to Scotland, by way cf equivalent, according to the agreements in the treaty of union, and in all matters and things, brought, or to be brought before me, in execution of an aft, intituled. An act for taking and dating the debts due and growing due to Scotland, by way of equivalent in the terms of the union, and for relief of the creditors of the publick in Scotland, and the commiflioners of the equivalent.

And every other of the said commiflioners to be appointed by his Majesty, purfuant to this ad, before he enters upon the execution of the said ad, shall likewife take the fame oath before the laid commiflioners, who are hereby authorized and required to adminider the fame to them, after having taken the said oath themfelves, as aforefaid.

VII.	And for the relief of the creditors of the publick in Scotland, and §f the commissioners of the equivalent, until the accounts herein after* mentioned are taken and fated, according to the true meaning of this aft : be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That the lords commissioners of the treasury, or lord high treasurer The treafiny for the time being, shall and may, on or before the fird day of may November one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, iflue their or	3 a.’to the

his order or orders for the payment of a fum not exceeding fif- commissioners teen thousand eight hundred twenty-two pounds eight shillings of equivalent and seven pence three farthings, to the commiflioners of equiva- m Scotland, lent in Scotland for the time being, or any person or perlons to be appointed by them, or any two of them, but of any monies arifea or to arile by the said revenues of customs and excife of Scotland, or cither of them; which fum of fifteen thousand eight hundred twenty-two pounds eight shillings and seven pence for payment three farthings, lhall be applied by the said commissioners of of one year's equivalent, and they are hereby direded and required to apply intereft, the feme, for payment of one year's intered, viz. from the twenty-third of June one thousand seven hundrwl and fourteen,

Vol. XIII.	T	to



? 74'	Anao primoGEQR«i f. Stit.*. c.oJL [iffy

to the twenty-fourth of June one tfeotifand seven hundred iod fifteen, of the capital fuov of two hundred thirty thousand thret hundred and eight pounds nine shillings and ten pence* 4nd ft* dated due to sixth parts ofont peny, dated due to the said creditor* bf the ^th^ublkk	In	Scotland on the twenty-fourth of Juneoat thoafand

in Scotland, seven hundred and fourteen, by an aft of the twelfth year of her by ia Ann/ late Majesty’s reign, intituled, An at1 to difeharge and acquit tk ftat. a. c. *3. cemmiffioners of equivalent for the fan of tarn hundred oightym thousand five hundred and nine founds fifteen /hidings and ten fence balf-peny, by them duly iffued out of the sum of three hundred *k#h xnen/of the" e’1^ thousand eighty-five pounds and ten /billings, which they reedv-commiffionert > 2iri^ for the payment of the Salaries of the said commifion-falariw:	ers of equivalent, and of the fees and falaries of their tenants,

and neceflary charges, finom the (aid twenty-third day of Jot one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, to the twenty-foorth fuP day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifteen; which fan Into account^ to ^ danced and paid to the said commissioners of the equivalent for the purposes aforefaid, shall be brought into the accounts to be t^ifaen and dated by the faidcoimnifu^ pointed by this aft, and chargeable upon any monies which now are or hereafter shall be found due to Scotland. Commiflion- VIII. Provided always, and be it enu&ed by the author^ no pcoalde^	That none of the com mi ffi oners to be appointed per-

&c.	fuant to this aft, shall incur any penalties, forfeiture, incapacity

or difability whatfoever, for putting this aft in execution. ¥ih 36/0.1. r.14. fcf 5G/0.1. C.20.

cap. xxvm.

An aft far repealing an it ft, intituled, An act for repealing part of ah aft pafled in 'the parliament of Scotland, intituled, Aft for difeharging the Yule vacance.

10	Ann. c. 13. VtTH £ R E AS by an aft paffed in the tenth year of her late m-VV jejly Quten Anne, of bleffcd memory, intituled, An sd far repealing part of an aft palfed in the .parliament of ScOtkmii intituled, An for difeharging the Yule vacanee 5 it was enaftedvriUt-dared, That the Chriftmas vacation*f the fe/fion or college ef ju/Ha, and all other inferior courts ofjujiiee in that part of Great Bnuin called Scotland, /hall yearly, in all time coming, continue mtieniun from the twentieth day ofDecumber <to the tenth of Jamftiry, bio incluftve: and whereas a)fo the fiud vacation Isas been by idpejtfat . found to be a great interruption'to the ceurfie ofbufintfs dnd&bmijhs-tion of jufiice, and greatly prejudicial to the fubjefts of tbat'futiij The aft 10 Great Britain : be it therefore enafted by^the KingYmoihn-repealed!3’ ceMent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of^thclooU fpiritual and temporal and commons, in this prefem psriiimwt .affembled, and by the authority of the fame, Ths&the4fefftfad aft paffed in the tenth year of her latemajefty Queen Amu, (bill be and is hereby repealed and made void.

CAP.

CjOoq le

JUpstjft] Aim prime Geo#gii I. Stat.2.C.29,—33.

C A.P. XXIX.

b to,allowing* time for two hundred and thirteen families of pnp* U* Palatines, now fcttledin Inland, to tak<e the^oathe, in order to •^jlc thcm to all the benefits intended them by the aft of the Leventn ywf of her late Majesty's reign, for naturalizing foreign proteftants. XXP.

*75

■.,»»1. ' ' I nr

yfanoRegnt GEORG!! I. Regis Magrue -

jUumue, Francis,	& Hibern

AT- lift* parliament begun and balden at Weftirinfter, Note 5 The : ibe	feventeentb day of March, Anno Domini one ft>>® of the

tbdujapdJrtenhundred andfourteen,in the Jirfi year of the foiiow°ngaa* retgngf our Sovereign Lord GEORGE, by the	the	fame	a*

Gfdt tf Gxm Britain, France ^ Ireland, King, defender ^a0get of the fait A &c. being the first fefjion	pariia- alteration.

ment: and from	thencecontinued by several adjournments to

fbt i&nfh day of January one tboufand seven hundred and ftp tetn, in	the second year of bis	Majesty's reign.

■.‘cap. XXX.

An act for continuing the aft of this present feffion, intituled, An d3 U impvuxr Ins Majesty to feeureand detain fucb ptrfons as bis Majesty jball Juft* fejS are covfpiring againfl bis person and government. EXP.

CAP. XXXI.

An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land-tax in Great-Britain, for the service of the year one thoufana (even hundred and iixteen.

EXP. 4s. in the pound, EXP.

CAP. XXXII.

An act to attaint John earl of Mar, William Murray, Eiq; commonly called marquefs of Tullihardine, Tames earl of Linlithgow^ and James Drummond, Efq; commonly called lord Drummond, of high treafon.

CAP. XXXIII.

.An Off for the more eajy and fptedy trial of fucb persons as have levied or Jhall levy war againfl bis Majesty.

WHEREAS.^ horrid and unnatural rebellion and war has jbeen openly and traiteroufty raised and levied againfl his fldajefly vntlAn this realm, and is ftill continued, with deftgn to depofe and imirdir his moft facred Majesty, and to fit a popijh pretender, bred *up<mi dnftrOHed in Romilh fuperftition and arbitrary principles, on * Hm item? ofthefe realms: and whereas great numbers of fuch as have '• yarned in ihejaid rebellion, have been, by his Majeftfs vigilance and cafe, Jablyftriqed, and for fafer cuftody necejjarily diftributed into ft-tferal prifons in .different counties : and whereas many of the chief of the ftiid rebels have been, in order to lay open and difeover the fokndd-thus and caffes of the said rebellion and treafons, with much trouble and txpenct to top crown, brought up to London, and parts adjacent,

T 2	in

Anno priraoGEORGH I. Stat. 2. c. 34,-36. |* 714.

£0	/*	4*	examined: andforafmuch as bills of indi^ment* as the

law now Jlands, tfrr to be found in the counties where the Jaid treafem - are committed: but as it will be very inconvenient to the public* juftitt Of the nation, that the judges Jhouid remain fo long in the said counties as will be necejfary for the trying of the said offenders* Jo it will be very burthenjome and grievous to the freeholders of the fame counties to attend fo many trials as may be necejfary to be nod for the fafety ef the publick: to the end therefore that the said offenders may not conceive any hope of impunity from the diftance of the several counties where theJaid treafons are committed* or from any power or tnteref they may nave therein* and that jujlice may more fpeedily and fecurely be adminiflred agdinjl the said offenders* and proper examples made, in fuch feafonable time as may be a means to fupprefs the remains of the said rebellion, and preferve the peace and tranquillity of tbtfe kingdoms : be it cna&ed, lie.

All persons in cuftody for high treafon before Jan. *3, 1716, may be tried in fuch (hire as his Majesty shall direffc. And no challenge for *he (hire shall be allowed. Peers shall be tried by their peers. The place df indictment or trial not to be altered, unlefs the persons indi&eu have been in actual rebellion. EXP.

CAP. XXXIV.

An a& for preventing mutiny and defertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters. EXP.

CAP. XXXV.

An a& to appoint a commilBoner for taking, examining and ftatingthe

*	debts due to the army, in the room of Thomas Smith, Efqj deceaied; and for continuing the former act until the tenth day or March one thousand seven hundred andfixteen. EXP.

CAP. XXXVI.

•	An act for charging and continuing the duties on malt, mum,

cyder and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and fixteen; and for compelling several receivers to finifh and clear their accounts •, and for making duplicates of Exchequer-bills, lottery-tickets and , loft, burnt or defiroyed; and for enlarging the time far jufting claims to certain benefit-tickets * for allowing the charge of executing the lottery-aft, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ten; and for recovering monies of feveral	refling	in the bands

of colleftors or conftables at St. Albans •, and for prevails frauds in the duties upon Jope j and for limiting a ■ time for persons who have certain annuities for life or dives, to demand the payments thereupon at the Exchequer', and for preventing frauds in the duties relating to printed aid painted paper, callicoes, and other things therein mentioned For prevent- XIV. AND whereas by an aft made in the tenth year the dut^e* in	A of oiir late Sove lady 9ueen Anne,

00	U**"	thingtffir laying several dudes upon all Jape made in Grc» Britain,

fyt*] Anno primo Georg nL Stat. 2. c. 36.	*77

or imported into the fame: it is enaHed, That if any makers of fope 10 Ann.c.19* Jball fraudulently bide or comedy or caufe fobs hid or concealed, any l*‘

Jape chargeable by the fdd aft, or any the materials for making the fame, to the intent to deceive her Majejiy of the jufl duties by the said alt granted, that then, and in every fuch cafe, the party fo offending Jball forfeit for every fuch offence the sum of twenty pounds: and whereas by one other alt made in the twelfth year of the reign of her Jiaid late Majejiy, amongfl other things, for laying additional duties on hAjul Jape, farther duties are granted upon fipe; and by the fdd lajl men- c. 9. timed alt it is amongfl other things malted. That all the powers, authorities, rules, dhreltions, penalties and forfeitures, claufes, matters and things whatfoever, contained in the Jaid alt of the tenth year of her said Majejiy's reign, for raijing, receiving, levying, recovering,

Jetwring and paying the said duties on fope, as are by the said lajl mentioned alt charged with new or additional duties thereupon, Jbodd be continued, praltifed and put in execution, for raijing, receiving, levying, recovering, fecuring and paying the fame new or additional duties by the said lajl mentioned ah granted, and all arrearages thereof, as fully and effeltually, to all intents and purpofes, as if they were particularly and at large repeated in the body of the feud lajl mentioned alt 5 except in fuch cafes only where any alteration therein is fpecially made by the said lajl mentioned alt, as by the said fevered alls more at large may appear: and whereas the penalties by the before-mentioned alts provided, to prevent the hiding and concealing of fope,have by experience been found ineffeltua), and not fufficient to prevent or rejtrain the fraudulent hiding and concealing thereof, in regard the duties of One boiling of fope fo hid and concealed, may and often do amount to fifty pounds or more, whereby fome ill-difpofed persons have been encouraged and induced to hide and conceal several great quantities of to the great diminution of the revenues arijmg by the duties laid upon fope, and to the great dijeouragment of other fair traders and makers offope, who duly pay thefull duties upon fope, according to the true intent and meaning of the Jaid several recited alts: for remedy whereof, be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That After 16 April if at any time after the fixteenth day of April in the year of our conceal-Lerd one thousand seven hundred and fixteen, any maker fope shall fraudulently hide’and conceal, or caufe to be hid or toe fope* concealed, any iope chargeable by the said several recited afts, or any the materials for making the feme, to the intent to deceive hi&Majesty of the juft duties by the said alts granted, that then and in every fuch cafe the party or parties offending, shall forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds for every fuch offence, endalfo ill the fope fo hid and concealed.

XV; And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. Penalty how That the penalties for hiding and concealing of fope, and ma-to be feed for, tcrials for making of fope, by this aft impofed, (kail and may *Ca be fued for* recovered, levied and mitigated by fuch ways and means and methods, as any penalty or forfeiture impofed by any of the laws of excife may be fued for, recovered, levied and mitigated ; and that one moiety of fuch penalties and forfeitures shall be for the ufe of his Majesty, his heirs and fupcellbrs, and

T 3	the	*

*7%	Anno primo Gborgii L Stat. 1. C.36	[1714*

the other moiety for the u fe of the ptrfon or perfoiisthit M inform or fue for the fame.

Claufe for li* XVI. And whereas by an aft pajjid in the third fear <f the rrip £*«&*» of fa foe majejly Sjueen Anne, intituled, An a& for raifieg mo-whob^vean-	^	federal annuities, for carrying on the pfefent war,

viuities for life it was enafted9 That it Jbtndd and migl)t ht lawful to and for any fir-or lives, to de- fon or persons, natives or foreigners^ to contribute 9 advance cup fa «S£rtt rt)Cpayf int0 *^e rece*P* °f her then said Majefiys Exchequer for her Mififijt at the Exdhe- u/iy at before the refpeftrve days add times in the Jaidaft IMil quer.	tn that behalf any fum or fums of moneyr hot exceeding'in tfdtdtk

j&4Ann.c.a. the sum of eight hundred feventy-fiven thousand ri'.ne hbrmr/i snl thirty pounds mnteeen JbiUings and thrie pence^ for purcfyfmtfiih several and rejpeftive annuities for ninety-nine ycarS ds ate nerm mentioned: and whereas liberty was given by the said aif of, tii thiri year of her said late JMajefly9 That any person or persons being el Up ginal contributorsf or by mefhe affignments9 or by any other htpfd ways and meansx entitled to any (fate for one9 two or three lives In q Sc 3 Ann. c.j* beings of or in any annuity purchajed or obtained up*n at aft of pip tend year of the reign of her said late Majefiy, intituled, Afl d&for granting an aid to her Majesty for carrying on the fat* ^ other her Majesty’s occafions, by felling annuities at several ratfi, and far ftich refpedive ternrts or estates as are therein rtebtioa-dd, for changing or converting the said eftatt for one9 two fir thru livesi into a certain tetmfor ninety-nine years * upon and fdr the cfb fiderations therein exptejjfcd: and whereas forrte of the nomftkts fir iyhofe Irbes finite of the said annuities ore held, are foreigners\ tfwt iti foreign or refiott parts of this kingdom9 fo as that they tdbttifi found or hoard of; tired that the parties that are or were entfrkiU fitch annuities do not come or find to demand the fhid dnmtitieSy sofirt-by it is become uncertain whether fitch nominees be living tfdid, it were fa at the time oipurchafing fitch reberfeons, whereby Jbttflluj the par chafers offulb reverfions are become^ and will become dljfifyplt! for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the authority 'I'hat in cafe any of the said annuity or annuities Ae reverfion or reverfions were or shall be purchafed, *s afc$* faid) have not, or Audi not be demanded at* the Exche<Jtidf fot the fpfcce of two years nfext after the faille did become, of shall become payable •, and in cafe certificates of the life and lives of any nominee or nominees, upon whose life or lives any iimui* ties db depend, have not been* of shall not be produced to (be tifficers of his Majesty's Exchequer, or fufficient ptobf made thereof, according to the rules prefcribed by former a&i.vfifbtfl two years next after the Taid annuities have or shall from time tb time become payable; thdn and from thenceforth* andftom and after the expiration of the (aid two years, fiich nominee s&d pomihees, ofwhoTe Kfa or lives no fuch certificate hath befcd or shall be produced, of proof made, as afbrefaid, shall bfe taktii to be dead, and the person or persons that h^th pufthafed, or dial! hereafter purefiafe fiich reverfion or reverfions of fuch annuity or annuities, expedant upon the death of fuch nominee pr nominees, of whpfe life or lives ito fiich certificate hath or

1714.-3 Anno prirao<5fORGii I. Stat a. o. #5,	*79

hall be produced, or proof made, as aforefaid, (halt receive the aid refpe&ive annuity and annuities, from time to time, until iich certificates shall be produced, or proof made, and shall not >e accountable for fuch part of the said annuity as he shall then have actually received for default of' fuch certificate or proof; any thing in this, or in any former act or ads of parliament contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XVII.	And	for the mere tffettual preventing frauds relating to After 1 June,

the duty laid Mon	printing,punting, or Jlaining'pgper to five	before

hangings or other ufes: be it further enaded by the authority a- PaP*rJ,e _ forefaid, That from and after the first day of June one thoutand fevco hundred and fixteen, before any fuch paper shall be print- count of the cd, painted or ftained, the ofiioers for the (aid duties on fuch Quantities and printed, painted or ftained paper, as afore&id, shall be permit- °i"?*nfions* tod to take accounts of the quantities and dimenfioni of all pa- ^ne>anip "* per for printing, painting or (raining, which at any time or times lhall be in the cuftody or pofieflion of any (iich printer, painter or (lainer, and upon taking fuch account thereof, shall mark or damp every (heet and piece thereof with a (lamp or feal already provided, or hereafter to be provided, in purfuance of the am »o Ann. c. 19. for granting of the said duties for the marking or (lamping of filks, callicoes, linens or (luff's, printed, painted, (lained or died, thereby to denote that fuch account has been taken of fuch pa- Such paper per i and in cafe any officer or officers shall mifs any quantity mining, officer or quantities of fuch paper whereof he had before taken luch ac- to.c^8*11 counts, and shall not upon reafonable demand receive fatisfao-tion what if become of the fame, then and in fuch cafe it (hall

and may be lawful for fuch officer to charge fuch printer, painter or (lainer of paper, with the duties of fuch paper fo miffing, as if the fame were a&ually printed, painted or ftained.

XVJII. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. Paper remov-Thatno person or persons, who shall print, paint, (tain or dye ed before any paper chargeable with the said duty, shall remove, cany It imping, or fend away, or fuffer to be jemoved, carried or fent away, any paper by him, her or them printed, painted or ftained re-fpc&ively, until fuch time as the proper officer shall have taken an account of every particular quantity of fuch paper fo to be carried away, and until every particular piece and parcel of fuch paper shall he duly marked with fuch (lamp or feal, as aforefaid, denoting the charging of the said duty, on pain to forfeit twenty pounds for every fuch offence; and that all the printed, forfeits painted or ftained paper, fo carried away without being marked See. irith fuch damp or feal denoting the charging the said duty, and bring found in the pofleffion of any ftationer, or other trader or ' dealer therein, or of any other person or persons for the ufe of iuch ftationer, trader or dealer for fale, (nail and may be feifed and recovered, one moiety thereof for the ufe of his Maiefty, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety for the ufe of the fofor or informer.

XIX. And whereas ftveralftationers, merchants, and other traders Dealers in jtnd dealers its paper, have or may have on the firft	June one then- printed paper

T*	fond

i8o	Anno primo Georoii L Stat.2.c.3&

to give in a fani seven hundred and fifteen, for fate, either by whcltftde nr nets#, the^Cft * k* refPe^lve finks or quantities of fuch printedf, painted orfiaimed paper, hand to^ l° which have already been duly charged with the said duty, but are June 1716.	tsot marked with any fiamp orfeal, denoting the charging thereof1* be

it therefore further enacted by the authority aforefaid, Thar all and every merchant, ftationer, trader and dealer in fuch paper, having on the said first day of June one thousand feveo hundred and fixteen, in his, her or their cuftody or pofiefiion, -or in the cuftody or pofleffion of any other person or persons, fbr ha, her or their benefit, ufe or account, any ftock, parcel or quantity of paper fo printed, painted or {tamed, being for fale, fiufi On penalty of (upon pain of forfeiting for every neglect the sum of thirty sol.	pounds)	deliver	qt	caufe	to	be delivered, on or before the hid

firft day of June one thousand seven hundred and fixteen, at die office for the said duties, next to the place and places refpefhve-ly, where fuch ftock {hall or may happen to be, a particular in writing figned by themselves or their appointments, of theu several flocks before-mentioned, defcribingthe whole quantities and kinds thereof diftinftly, to the end and intent that the ftme may be duly ftampt and marked with fuch ftamp or fcal, de-Oftcers may noting the charging the said duties ; and the officers for the said enter into any duties are hereby authorized and impowered co enter into any ftqp, ^cc.to (h0pS> warehoufes, or other places whatfoever, belonging to or /	ufed by fuch merchants, ftationers, and other traders anddeaL"

ers in fuch printed, painted and ftained paper, as afordaid, there to view the fame, and to take an account thereof; and upon doing thereof, are hereby impowered and required to mark or ftamp the fame, with fuch ftamp or feal, denoting the charging and to ftamp the said duties; and all and every fuch merchants* ftationers, the fame. and other traders and dealers in fuch printed, painted or ftained paper, shall be obliged by force and virtue of this aft* {if thero-unto required) to permit and fuffer the proper officer and officers for the said duties, to make fuch entrance and view, as aforefaid, and to take fuch account and accounts, and fo to mark Refutingen- fuch paper; and if any person or persons shall refufe to permit tortCltS fuch officer or officers to enter into the*r {hops, warehouses and other places (being thereunto required) there to view and take fuch account and accounts, and to mark and ftamp fuch ftocks of fuch printed, painted or ftained paper, as aforefaid, or any part thereof, thep every fuch perfon, for every fuch refufal, (hill forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds.	..	'*

Penalties how XX. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, tobefuedfor. That all fines, penalties and forfeitures by this aft impofed, re-.

taring to the said duties on paper, {hail be fued for, levied, amt recovered, or mitigated, by fuch ways, means and methods, v	as any fine, penalty or forfeiture, is or may be recovered or

mitigated by any law or laws of excife, or by aftion of debt^ bill, plaint or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at Wefiminjlcr, or the court of feffion, court of judiciary, or court of Exchequer in Scotland refpeftively; and that ono moiety of every fuefi fine, penalty and forfeiture, shall be to hie

1714-] Anno primoGEORGii I. Stat. a. c.37.	*8jf

Majesty, his heirs andfitcceilbrv and the other moiety to him, her or them, that shall difcover, inform or Cue for the fame.

XXI. And whereas several persons do travel in several parts ^Perfons print-tbis kingdom* and prints paint, fain or dye Jilts, callicoes, linens and	'

faffs* but removefrom the places where they fo prints painty fain or piacetha^the dye the fame? to parts remote, without paying any duty for the famey place of their by mans whereof the said duties are loji and cannot be recovered: for ufual refi-remedy whereof, be it farther enadted by the authority afore- den.cc> to (aid, Tim from and after the first day of June one thousand J. ^tryoF fcvcn hundred and (ixteen, where any perfbn or persons shall the filks, &c. take up6n him, her or them, to print, paint, (lain, or dye any before print-filks, callicoes, linens or (luffs, at any other place than the place m£» of his, her, or their ufual refidence, or cxercife of his, her or theirtrade, allfuch perfonsfhall, before he, (heor they print, paint,

(lain or dye any fuch filks, callicoes, linens or duffs, make a particular entry of all fuch filks, callicoes, linens, or duffs fo by him; herbr them intended to be printed, painted, ftained or dyed, with the officer for the said duties of the divifion or place where he, (he and pay down or they shall fo intend to print, paint, dam or dye the fame, and °utict* pay down to the (aid officer all the duties chargea, or which would be dud for fuch goods fo intended to be printed, painted, dained or dyed, upon printing, painting, dainingor dying the fame, before he, (he or they proceed to print, paint, darn or dye fuch goods, or any part thereof; and if fuch person or persons shall print, paint, dam or dye any fuch filks, callicoes, linens or duffs; without making fuch entry, and paying down the duties thereof, as aforefaid, the perforl or persons offending therein shall for every fuch offence forfeit the sum of fifty pounds, to be re- On penalty of covered and levied as aforefaid; and moreover all fuch filks, 5° 1* callicoes, linens and duffs fo printed, painted, dained or dyed, without fuch entry and payment of duty, as aforefaid, shall be, arid may be feifed immediately by fuch officer 5 one moiety of fuch penalties and forfeitures to be paid to his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety to the perlon or persons that fhaU fue or inform for the fame.

cap. xxxvn.

An a ft to enable his Majesty to grant the regalities and lands now remaining in the crown in North Wales and South Wales, and county of Cbefter, to his royal highnefs the prince of Wales, in fuch manner and form as the principality of Wales and earldom of Chcfter have formerly been granted to the princes of Wales; and alfo to enable his said royal highnefs to make leafes of lands, parcel of his royal highnefs's dotchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the fame.

It shall be lawful for bis Majesty to grant to the prince, all the honourk.

Cattles, See. belonging to the crown, in Wales, Monmouth, and the county palatine of Chefter. His Majesty may grant to the said prince the like juntii&ion, See. as King James I. granted to Prince Henry, See. The prince may make leafes. See. of the premifies, for 31 years or three lives.

All leafes and grants made by his royal highnefs, of any manors, See. in thedutchy of Cornwall shall he good. Provifo) that fuch leafes, Sec. be made only for 31 years or three lives, and not difpunifiiable of wafte, and that the ufual rent be referved, and where there has been no fuch rent, foe soth part of the value shall be referved. EXP.

ft*	Anno	primo	Georgii	I.	Sul	*.	c.38,39.	£1714.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act for enlarging the Time of Continuance of Parliaments, appointed by an Act made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled An Act for the frequent meeting and calling of Parliaments.

I W.&Mc.t. XW	andbyaft tfparlimuntmade intbejfrtbyaoref

It	tbereignof them lateAdopfisesJGagWilh

[of ever bltjjtd memory) intituled. An act for the frequent meeting and calling of parliaments: it was, among other things That from thenceforth no parliament wbatfsever, that fibmld of am time then after be tailed,afiembledor	held, Jbeqld have any fentimoame

Unger than for three years only at the	to he auounted from

the day on wbitb by toe writ if	the Jmd parliament Jhenld be

appointed to meets and whereat it bat been found by experience, that tbe find tlaufe bath proved vary grievous and buribe/ffomt, by oaa-fioniug mutb greater and mere continued expenses in order to eltBim of numbers to serve in parliament, and more violent andlajHng and animofitiet among the	fubjefi of tbit realm, them were

before the feud claufi was	enaO and the /aid provifien, ifitjhooid

continue, may probably at ibis juncture, when a rtflleft and p fa&ien art defigmng and endeavouring to renew the rentUjoa tuitik this kingdom, onion invofiom from abroad, be deftruitive to the fence andfocwrily if the government: be it enafted by the King's mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritoal and temporal, and commons, in parliament at ParUameots fcmbled, and by the authority bf the fame. That th»a present Aati baveooa- parliament, and all parliaments that dull at any time hereafter fevenyesrsl called, aflemblcd or held, shall and may refpeftiyclj have unleft fooner continence for (even years, and no longer, to be accounted diflolved by from the day on which by the writ of fummons this present par-tbe King. ] lament hath been, or any future parliament (hall, be, appointed to meet, unlefs this prefent, or any fuch parliament hereafter to be fummoned, shall be foOner dissolved by his Majesty, his heirs or successors.

CAP. XXXIX.

An act to indemnify fuch persons who have in defend of his Majfly's person and	gove, and for the prefer-

vation of the publick peace of ibis kingdom, in and,about the time of the late unnatural	, from vexatious

fusts and prosecutions.

WHEREAS in the year of our Lord one thoufandfevtn Am* drei and fifteen, os well in the time as before the turd rebellion, which begun in er about the months of September or Oftober in the fame par, divers lord lieutenants, deputy lieutenants, juftltes of	tbe peace, mayors, bailiffs of corporations,

other officers and ptrfrnt	well-afitiled to bis Majesty ana bis

mm!, in order ty freferyt our present happy efiadifimenf, and tbe '	peace

7i4'J Annopiiin^€?piUHfl»Stott** <*.40*42.	„	2J3

vzr* /A/r kingdom,	/afupprtfs and put an end to the faidre*

rliiofi, apprehended and prit tnfo cujlody, and imprifoned Jeveral cri-xinah, and Jeveral persons, who they JufpeBed might difiurb the ublick pedtiy or foment or promote riotSj tumultsy rebellions, or evil efigns againfi the government; omi alfo feized and ufed Jeveral ' arfcs, arms, and other things, and aljoprejfed divers horfes, cdrts Jtd carriages, for the service of the publicly and did for the pur-ojes aforeftid enter into the houfn and pcfiijfious of Jherdl perjonf;

\na did fuarter and caufe fo bs quartered divers foldiers and others in be benefes of divert perfons; and did divers ails which could not be uflified by the firift forms of law, and yet were neceffary, and fo much for the service of the publicity that they ought to be juftified by lit of parliament, and the persons by whom they were tranfa&ed ought to be indemnified: be it therefore ena&edby the King’s moft ah perianal excellent tnajefty, by and with the advice and confent of die lords altioos, &c. fptritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament f°r an.y thing afiembkd, and by the authority of the fame. That ail perfonal	’

actions and fuits, and all molefiations and profecutums whatfo-	jn

ever, and judgments thereupon (if any be) for or by rcaiba of iti5. Ihall be the premises, or of any other matter or thing advifed, coqa- dnchaiged. martded, appointed, or done in the said year of oar Lord, one tboufand seven hundred and fifteen, in order to fupprefs the said unnatural rebellion, or for the preservation of the publick peace, or for thrfevice or fafety of the government, be, are, and shall be difchatged and made void by virtue of this a&: and if any And if com* a&ioft or fuit hereby dlfcharged, or intended to be difeharged, n^n^agwn lhaH be commenced or proleCuted, every perfonfo fued may ^P^^^™ plead the general iflue, and give this a& and the fpocial matter mendXe, hi evidence) and if the plaintiff shall become nonfuit, orfor-&c. bear further profecotion, or fuffer difcontinuance, or if a ver-

ptfs againft him, the said defendant shall recover his double ***** co”t* cofts, m which he ftiall have the like remedy as in cafe where	'

softs by law are given to defendants.

Cap. XL.

An act for the free importation of cochineal, daring the rime therein

limited. SXP*

For nine months after March 51, i?tS. Cochineal may be imported in any vriW and from any port.

CAP. XLI.

aft for grHug liberty to pertims who have fferved their apprenticeships *i to any paw of the woollen manafa&nrc in Cokbefter, to work at their ;	at	the makipg bays within the (aid town.	*

Parlous having ftrved apprenriceOiips in Cokhtfter, in any branch of the woollen oianafafture, may follow the trade of baymaking in the laid town* sating to the governors of the Dutch boy-hall there, their rights, lie, tferioqs having u/f4 the trade for seven years may conjo^ue to ufe it.

CAP. XLIL

An act for the attainder of George earl of Marifthall, William sari of Seafoitb, James earl of Southefaue, James earl of Panmuir, and others* of hightreafon, unlefs they (haU render thenUelyes tQ ioffice by a day ftftam therein mentioned* ...................^	*

'



184	•	Anno	primo Georgii I* Stafc tl c. 43.	£1714.

CAP. XLIII.

An act to continue duties for encouraging the coinage of: money *, and to charge the duties on fenna as a medicinal drug and for the appropriating several fupplies granted to bis Majefiy.

MAY it pUafe your mfi excellent Majejly, Whereas great benefit and advantage did accrue to England by me aft ofparliament pajfed in the eighteenth year of the reign of bis majafty King 18 Car. *. c. 5. Charles the Second, intituled, An a# for encouraging of coinage, and continued by another aft made in the twenty fifth year of the reign of Hs said majejly King Charles, intituled. An a & for continuing a former ad concerning coinage ; both which feud afts torn re* 1 Tac. 1. c. 7. vtved by an Oft made in the firjl year of the reign of bis majefiy 4 & 5 YV. & M. King James the Second, and were continued by an aft made in the q & w fourth yecr tf &nS William and £>ueen Mary, of blejfed memory, c^i 1. *3	'	*' an^ were further continued by an aft made in the twelfth year of the

7 Ann. c. *4. reign of the said late King William, and were further continued by an aft made in the feventb year of the reign of her late majesty Sfueen Anne, ofblcffid memory, to be in forct for /even years from the firfi day of March one tkoufand seven hundred and eight, and until the end ofthe firjl fejfion of parliament then next following, and no longer \ Jo that umefs the said afts be revived and continued, the encourage-merit given thereby will ceafe, anj this kingdom be deprived for the future of ft great a good as rt hath for many years loft paft enjoyed: I ,	now	tveyour Majejly s titofi dutiful and loyal July efts, the commons of

Great1 Brksfln/Vr parliament ajfembled, do give and grant unto your Majefiy the hates, duties, andimpofitions herein after mentioned, for , and during the term and time herem after exprejfed, and\do humbly Ctfimge da- pray that it may be wailed*, and be it enaded by the KtagYxnoft ♦iei continued Excellent majefty, by and with the advice arid confent ofthe lords or 7y an. fpjr;tuaj and temporal and commons, in the present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the Came, That fuch and the like rates*.duties* a$d impqftpons, as by the. feid a# of par# 18 Car. *. c. 5. lament of the Eighteenth year of the reign of King Charles the Continued jrom Second were j; tarred, and -by Jhe Jaid fubfequent atfswcrecon*-March 1730. tinued, for and upon the importation pf wines, rvinegar, cyder, beer, brandy, and ftrong waters imported, during the refpedive and far- term* therein mentioned* shall be further continued, and be tberby 19Geo. paid rand payable to bis Majesty, his heirs and fucccftbr*, for *• c.14. and upon alt wines, vinegar* cyder, beer, brandy, and ftrong waters', which, shall be imported or brought into Great Britain within or during the fpace of (even years, to commence from the first day of March one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, and until the end of the first feflion of parliament then next following, and no longer; and that all the said former a<5ts, and all other aiVs, of parliament concerning coinage, and every of them, and every claufe, article, and fentencein them or any of them contained, now being in fore?, shall be and are by virtue pf this a<St revived and continued, and* shall be in force, and be * 4 '	duly

Goc • 2

*7^4*0 -Anno primo Georgii I. Stat z.c.43. *85

duly put in execution, for and during all fuch term and time as' are before-mentioned, as folly and effectually as if the fame were particularly repeated and re-enafted in the body of this prefentaft.

II.	And U the end the importers of grid and fiber into she mints Deficiency in of England and Scotland refpeftively, may not be difeouraged by any the coinage-deficiency of the revenue by this aft fettled for defraying the. coinage

thereof > be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Thatbc it Audi and may be lawful to and for the commissioners of the treasury, or any three or more of them now being,' or the lord high treafarer, or any three or more of the commissioners of the treafory for the time t>eing, out of the monies arifing by this aft, or oat of any other the publick fupplies granted or to be granted by parliament, to caufe fo much money to be applied, as ihall be necessary for defraying the expences of the said mints of England and Scotland refpeftively, by way of impreft, and upon account, for that service, fo as the fame, together with the coinage-duties arifing by this aft, do not exceed, in any one year, the sum of fifteen thousand pounds, and fo as the said monies be iffued out of the Exchequer of Great Britain to the mailer of the mint in England, and the general of the mint in Scotland refpeftively, for the said purpofes.

III.	And whereas in the book of rates annexed to an aft made in the x* Car# *. c. 4* twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, A

fubfidy granted to the King of tonnage and poundage, and other fums of money payable upon merchandize exported and imported, a rate ts fixed upon fenna under the title of drugs, in order to pay the duty charged thereon by the said aft; which aft has been continued by several fubfequent afts now in force: and whereas the fad duty is by a fubfequent aft increafed, and further duties are by several other afts laid upon the importation of all drugs, all which afts are fill in force: and whereas by several of the fend loll mentioned aftiy drugs ufed in dying are exempted from payment of the refpeftive duties thereby granted \ and for the better adjufiing the duties upon goads ufed in dyings by an aft of the third year of the reign of her* **

1st* Majtjly, for continuing duties on low wines and other things *•*•**• • therein mentioned; it is declared what goods are meant to be ufed in dying, amongfi which fenna is contained $ neverthelejs it being notori-out that fenna is not or ever was ufed in the dying trade, but was in-ferted in the said laft mentioned aft, by miftake, to the great lofs of his Majesty's revenue in the duties intended to be paid for the fame: for prevention thereof for the future, be it enafted and declared by i7X6. fenna to die authority aforefaid, That all fenna imported into Great Bn- pay. a* a mc-tmn, after the ninth day of May one thousand seven hundred and fixteen, shall be fubjeft and liable to the payment of the Mr.°rer. duties charged by the said aft of tonnage and poundage, and by nm ts excepted the several afts tor increafing and continuing the fame, and to b 6'QecL 1. ’ aU and every other the refpeftive duties laid, or intended to bec,II# **53* hud by other refpeftive afts, as if the said exemptions in the fe-vcral afts for goods or drugs ufed in dying had not been therein mferttd; any law pr ftatutc to the contrary notwithftanding.

IV,	And



gtS	Asian	.primo	Georgsx I. Seat. j. e.44.	51714.

Stock in band IV. dud whereas feveredmerekontcmd other traders dealers to^pay, it ex-	iu Jenna,have, or may bout,	os she ninth day of May onathoufaud

10	ftvtn	hundred	andfixteen, several flocks or yit

wdgbt. is hereby further eoa&ed, That all merchants,

,	other perfbw who d* fell os' retail fen**, hawngio bm, het, or

their ouftody or pofcffion, mrtntbecuffiady or pafefliaa^of aay other person or peefons in trail for iu«n. her, or thopu erht hit, her, or their trie, benefit or account, any flock ot quantity of fenna <(fuch Hook or quantity xefpe&nreiy eweeed*0g twenty ipounds weight) within the .realm of	Britain, feeing Hr

idle, IhaU yield and pa anmo hit Majefiy for,every powdof feefa leans, fo much as will make up the duties thereof equal 10 the •duties intended to be payable far fenna by virtue of thin aft dtetcafter to he imparted; which said duties Audi beppidarith-in three months after -the said modi ..day of May ope thousand seven hundred and firteen.

V.	And to the end the fold	be hueum, wad Act

duties thereupon duly efeertasned	it	is	hereby ena&ed,

Dniaften, See. Tb* and every the said merchants, dregflors, and other per* to make a’juft’dons-felling or retailing fenna, fhall, on ,or before the twenty entry of their fifth .day of Juneoae thousand seven hundred and lixtoan, aaake l*""*	a Juft entry thereof at the cuftom-houfe neared the place- where

*nae4^J&c*tfuoh fenna doth remain, as aforefeid, and permit the proper officers of the customs thereunto to be appointed by- the cum* sniffionersof-th&cuftotas in England and any time before <the twenty fifth day of June one thpufapd fovea hundred and fixteen, to enter into .his, her, or their waraboufes or other places where fuch (locks of fctma, .exceeding theqnao-xityof twenty pounds, as aforefaid, are to.be,found, andjtavpv weigh, and take account of the fame; and if any. fusls merchant, drugfteror other person felling or retailing feetta».fiwll .negleft to make fuch entry at the cuftom-houfe .wttbin#tht4*fle aforefaid, or IhaU refufe to permit fuch .officer or officers 40 waiter into his, 'her or- their ware-thoufes, or, other places, f-tf thmc unto .required) (here to view the said flock, as aforefaid, pfiapy *	'	part thereof, or shall hide, remove, or .convey awby <thc feud

Henna with Intent to defraud his Maje&y, or uutU not peyfejs -Majesty’s-dues for the fame, according to the true krtnrt wyri •meaning of >this adit, then for every or any fuch offence,. rfee merchant, drugfter, -or other .porfon felling or retailing feme Ptnahv «.o 1 ‘rdfpc*ft'w<ly> fo offending, shall forfeitand,lofetbedum^af fatty 7 * * pounds, to >be .recovered and diftributed in likeaaannar. asany of the-penalties and forfeitures for the non-, payment , of the W-•ties due on the importation of fenna are to be recewyned >aqd -diftributed by any aft or a&s of parliament now in force, nelafiog tel.prr.csnt thereunto: provided. That ififoch persons fo changeable for Ljlltmr8* ®ny flocks of fenna, shall pay his Majesty’s.duties 4Mefbr>tfee K^morta- fame,-’by virtue of-this aft, before the. end,Of three mufe, tion duty dif- -then he, (hc,or they .fhall be allowed for .fuch prompt poymoot ^fwgcd;	‘after -the rate ofnen pounds per emtwnper annum forcvery'ftun

mnahnu fo advanced ; and ip .oafe.of» capoftation thereof, str(yg)gL port

i7»+0 AiufopriirtoGkorcii I. Suc.a, c.43.	tty

thowf, 'within twelve months after entry nude, as afbrdaid, Urpdtatbrm the (aid duties payable by this a& for fuch flocks of fenna fhail-?5f" y J. . he difeharged or repaid.	2?,	*

VI.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefeid, That aU the rivw» of ap. monies lent, and tofee lent to his Majesty upon one adt of this fct- propriation of flonof pariiament, intituled, An a£i far granting at aid to hit Majtfty the monies of by a Und-tak i» Great Britsan. forth* farviu at tbt	feflion.,

fevth huh&rtiani	and to	much money (if any fuch be) of *t Ct “***

the tax thereby granted, as shall arife and remain after all the loans, made or to be made on that ad, or thereby transferred, or directed to be transferred thereunto, arid the intcreft thereof, and iGeo,j,ftat.*. the charges thereby allowable for railing the hud tax, shall be fetif* c. j«. fed, or money Efficient (haN be referred to dHcharge the fame t and all the monies lent, and to be lent to hisMajettv upon the duties on malt, mum, cyder and perry, charged and continued by another ad of this feflion of parliament, for the service of the year one thoufend seven hundred and fixteen, and fo much money of the feid duties on malt, mum, cyder and perry thereby granted or continued as shall arife or remain (if any luch be) after all the loans made or to be made on that ad, or thereby transferred, ordireded to be transferred thereunto, and thein-Wreft thereof, and the charges thereby allowable for railing the find duties thereby charged, shall be fatisfied, or monies fuflicient fisall be referved to difeharge the fame; shall be appropriated and applied, and are hereby appropriated for or towards the federal ufes, intents and purposes herein exprefled, fubjed nevertheless to fuch reftridions as are herein after preferibed: that is to fey, it is 'hereby enaded and declared. Than out of all or any the aids or fupplies provided as aforefeid, there shall and may be iflued and applied any fum or fums of money, not exceeding in the whole the sum of nine hundred eighty four thoufend fotrhundred seventy two pounds nineteen {hillings and fix pence, for the naval services following, that is to fey, tor defraying toe Naval servicet. Charges of the ordinary of his Majesty's navy, and for half-pay •tofea-officers, and for vidual, wages, wear and tear of the navy, end viduailing thereof, performed and to be performed,

'toid far Tea-fervice in toe office of ordnance performed and tobe performed, and for extraordinary repairs of toe navy, and other ‘fervices Of toe navy and transports performed and to be performed; and any fum, not exceeding one hundred twenty-two Jtheufand four hundred ninety fix pounds eighteen shillings and Ordaauce. . Uwo pence half-penny,‘for the charge of the office of ordnance forTend services performed and to-be performed, including half-*poys inthat office; and any fum or Turns of money, notex-‘oeMmgih'the wholethe-fom of onemUlhm five hundred twenty thoU&nd eighty two pounds nineteen shillings and eight pence walfpenny, for maintaining his Majesty’s land-forces, and other ffitrvkU* herein after exprafled, that is to-fey, for maintaining WUaith, gsrrifons, and otoer his Majesty's land-forces in Gnat land ferceA JtAaw,	and	Gatrnfey,	and twenty eight companies df

bnraUdSj wwhkree'indepeadcntcompanies	,	for

1	:	6	the

*88	Anno	primo	G^orgii I. Stat. 2. c.43;	[171+*

tfie year one thou&nd seven hundred and fixteen; and for min* taining his. Majesty’s forces in his Majesty’s plantations in rka, for the year one thousand seven hundred and fixteeo ; andL for maintaininjg his'Majesty’s forces and garrifon in Mineral for the year one thousand seven hundred and fixteen; and for main-taining his Majesty’s forces and garrifon in Gibraltar^ for the year, one thousand seven hundred and fixteen; and for the pay ot fix thousand men taken into his Majesty’s service from, the dates-general of the united provinces, and for the charge of the gepe-ral officers belonging to the lame for one year; and to makegood several expence? for the service of his Majesty’s land, forces in. the year one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, over and .a-bove the sum of one hundred thirty two thousand five hundred sixty three pounds nine shillings and fix p^nce, laved by the pay of thirteen regiments of dragoons, eight regiments of foot, and four companies of the Cold/lream regiment, from the one and twentieth of July one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, to the twenty fourth o( December following ; and for several extraordinary expences for the service of his Majesty’s land forces, for the year one thousand seven hundred and fixteen, and to make up the half-pay to the officers of the land forces and marines jdilbanded (being his Majesty’s natural bom fubjeds, or naturalized) full pay for one year, from the twenty-fixth day of Juky one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, to the twenty fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and fixteen ; and for halfpay for the year one thousand seven hundred and fixteen, upon account, to the officers of the land forces and marines dilband-ed, being his Majesty’s natural-born fubjeds, or naturalized; and to defray several extraordinary charges relating to the denap-Deficiencies of Jition, and other charges at Dunkirk, and for anfwering other grants in 1715. extraordinary services or augmentations relating to his Majcr UPP y • fly»s ianci forces; and any fum not exceeding fifty thousand eight hundred eighty fix pounds eleven shillings and ten pence halfpenny to make good the deficiency of the grants for the year one thousand leven hundred and fifteen; and any fum not exceeding three thousand seven hundred and two pounds eight shillings and seven pence, to difeharge one year’s intereft, after the rate of fix pounds per centum per annunu> of the sum of sixty one thousand seven hundred and seven pounds three shillings and two pence, or thereabouts, remaining due and unfamfipd,

*	.	pf the fum not exceeding seven hundred thousand pounds, which

was borrowed on an a d made in the third year of the reign of S&4AM1.C.4. her late majesty Queen Anney of blefled memory, for Jayiog duties upon low wines, and other things therein mentioned, and . .towards the repayment whereof another ad palled in the sixth 6 Ann* c. %t. year of her said late Majesty’s reign, charging coffee and other merchandizes for the term of four years, which expired on or about the twenty third day of June one thousand seven hundred and fourteen; and any fum not exceeding eighteen thouiand eight hundred fifty three pounds three shillings and fix pence, to difeharge one year’s fot^eft, after the rate of fix pounds per

unuim

7*4*3 Anjio primo Gsorgii I. Stat. 2. c.43.	289

mtHm per annum, of the sum of three hundred and fourteen lioufand tVro hundred and nineteen pounds eleven shillings and woP«nc£ farthing, or thereabouts, remaining dqe and unfatif-iid'oF the principal fum, not exceeding five hundred thoufartd ctdnds, which vvas borrowed on the ad of parliament of the ighth year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anney of* Ann*c. 9. defied memory, for laying duties upon candies, and other dii-ies* fdr five years, which expired on the first day of May one houiand seven hundred and fifteen; and any fum not exceeding orty two thoufond fix hundred sixty and five pounds thirteen hitting* and fix pence, for fupplying' the deficiency of the fund »f bne hOndred sixty eight thousand and three pounds per annum, Deficiencies of o make good the payments of the ten pound lottery of one**1* ,oi* houfand seven hundred and twelve, for the two fevCral years, nded at Michaelmas one thousand seven hundred and fourteen; nd that the aids or fupplies provided as aforefaid, shall not be flued of applied to any ufe, intent or purpofe whatfoever, other han towards the ufes and purposes before-mentioned.

VII.	Provided always, and it is hereby ena<fted and declared; Appropria-rhat no appropriation, or other matter or thing in this a<ft fions not to ontained, shall obftru6t or hinder any payment or payments,

vhich by and in purfuance of an a6f made in the first year of fcfendes to*" ns Maifefty's reign, intituled, An act for enlarging the capital the South Sea lock ana yearly fund of the South Sea company, and for fupplying company, by her Ay etght hundred twenty two thousand and thirty two pounds fout hillings and eight pence to publick ufes\ and for raifing one hun-%at*2. Ci\,* {red sixty nine thousand pounds for the like ufesy by fale of annuities, iport divers encouragements therein mentioned; and for appropriating cveral fupplies granted to bis Majesty, are or shall be required and iuthonied to be made by the treasurer or paymafter of the navy ‘or the time being, or by any other persons to be intruded with ;he publick monies for the service of the navy, out of fuch publick monies, tallies, orders or parliamentary fecurities in :heii* hands or power refpe&ively, as are or shall thereby be :harged dr chargeable to make good any deficiency or deficiencies to the governor and company of merchants of Great Britain :rading to tne South Seasy and other parts of America, and for rheburaging the fifhery, or to their treafurer, for their ufe; any hirig herein contained to the contrary notwithftandifig.

VIII.	Provided also, That fuch fums, as by any other a<5tdf Or the friaries his feftion of parliament shall be payable to any commiflionerS to the corner taking, examining and dating the debts due to the army,

For their friaries, or for their clerks^ or other incident charges, accoun ** (haffand may be paid out of the aids or fupplies aforefaid, or irtjrbf them; any thing herein contained to the contrary noN ContitateJby withftanding.	9	Gco.i.	c.	19,	*

VoL.XlII.	U	CAP.

'Anno piimo GeoR6ii I. Stat. i< c. 44I	[1715

CAP. XLIV.

An act for the continuing the duty of two pennies Soots, 0 •• one fixtb of a penny Sterlings on every pint ofakandb* that Jhall be vended or fold within the city of Qhrfgn and privileges thereof , for the benefit of the find city,

WHEREAS the preferring and encouraging the cilia and h roughs eminent by their fituation, and ufefulnefs in trade & manufactures, has been at all times, and in all kingdoms and Jhti: the care of the legislators, more efpecially in Great Britain: sa whereas the city ijfGlafgow, being a place diflinguijhedfor theft d-vantages, but yet more confiderable for their loyalty and zeal firth reformed religion* conjiitution and liberty of the people \ wbertif .1 all proper occafions, that city has given undeniable proofs, more particularly by fumijhing, at the charge of the inhabitant s, confiderable metiers of men well armed and difeiphned, not only for defence of that tf;, but even for the fupport and defence of the government in other pki. fence the revolution, on divers very remarkable occafions, and kit) * a mofi cordial and cheerful manner, in oppofition to the mojl wjtfi' fiable rebellion, begun and carried on by a popijh pretender to tbecrtw and dominions of his mofi excellent Majejly : and whereat the jtari) revenues, or common good of the said city9 are Scarce fufificientfir it annual necejfary charge of the government of Jo greats populous, as ufeful a place, much lefs for payment of the debts of that corporally which have lately been greatly encreafed by very confiderable funs Hi out for fumijhing a battalion of foot to serve at Sterling, and fir putting themselves into a pojlure of defence againjl the above-nentm-ed rebels and traitors: and whereas their late majejlies King WilEain and Queen Mary, and her late majejly Queen Anne, and the ficus of the parliament of Scotland, did, in confederation of thefr figid loyalty at the revolution, and during the reigns of the said trim, and towards enabling them to pay their debts, beautify thetr tw*i and improve trade there, by two afts fevcrally puffed in the (wit* ments held in Scotland in the years one thousand fix hundred oi ninety three, and one thousand seven hundred and five, grant ml &• tinue to the said city the duties after-mentioned, viz. an impolitmd two pennies Scots, over and above the duties then payable ti rff crown, upon each pint of ale and beer to be brewed, inhrought, veiled, tapped, and fold, within the find city and other placet tlerdt mentioned, to continue for the /pace of fixteen years, from endeftt the firfi day of November, one thousand seven hundred and fix, ft the ufes, and under the burdens and regulations therein alfo expripy which number of years is now near expired,. though the unifies fi tk said grants remain, and are rather greater: to the end therefooj that the said city of Glafgow may be enabled to purfue the en« and ufes exprefled in this and the former grants above-mentioo-ed, and that the said city and others, feeing that juft encouragement is provided as a reward of duty and loyalty, while thfl merit of laudable service is frefti in memory, may be excited bf their example to adhere ftedfaftly and cheerfully to his Majesty a %	royal

*715 ]	•	Anno prtmo Georgii I. Stat.z. c. 44.	1291

royal perfon, and to the fucceflion as by law eftablifhed: be it therefore enabled by the King’s molt excellent majefty, by and *with the advice ana confentof the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and' foy the authority of the faifte. That fuch and the like rates, du- The rates, &c. nes, and impositions, as by thefajd ad pafled in the parliament *™pofe<*.0” of Scotland, upon the fifteenth day of June, one thousand fix ^^inGlaf-tiundred and ninety three, and continued by another ad of thegOW> by the parliament held in Scotland} upon the twenty first of September, a&sofJunex5. 'one thousand seven hundred and five, upon each Scots pint of i693,andSept. ale and beer, to be either brewed or brought in, vended, tap- 5t-[jon~ ped, and fold within the said city, liberties, and fuburbs thereof nov# i. 1738.

iexcept ale and beer that shall be brewed and vended in the Gor-als, oj\any other lands within the said city’s privileges, that are taxed to the publick within the (hire) shall be further continued, and be paid and payable to the magiftrates and town council of the said city of Glafgow, and their fucceflors in office, for their ufe apd behoof; and that from and after the expiration of the

}rears contained in the above-mentioned ad, palled in the par-iament of Scotland, upon the said twenty first day of September,	*

one thousand seven hundred and five, until the first day of No-member* which shall be in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty eight, the said two former ads federally pafled in the parliaments in Scotland, in the years one thou-l$nd fix hundred and ninety three, and one thousand seven hundred and five, and every claufe, article and fentence in them, or any of them, contained, now being in force, shall be and are, by virtue of this ad, revived and continued, and shall be in force, and be duly put in execution, for and during all fuch term and time, as is before-mentioned, as fully and efFedually as if the fame were particularly repeated and re-enaded in the body of this present ad, with the alterations following only, Orerfeeri viz. That whereas the late deceafed James duke of Hamilton, appointed* and alfo John Walkingjbaw of Barrowfield, were appointed over-feers of the said duties granted, and managers thereof: be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That in the place of the (aid James of Hamilton, and John Walldngfharjo of Barrowfield,

John duke of Argyle, Sir James Campbell of Ardkinlas, Daniel Campbell of Shawfield, and Henry Cunninghame of Boquhan, efqrs;

(hall be, and they are hereby appointed overfeers.

II.	Provided also, and it is further enaded by the authority Jhis and the aforefaid, That if it lhall happen fo many of the overfeers shall £ondnue in t0 die, as there lhall not remain a quorum, yet this and the former force> th0' no a&s hereby continued, as to all other claufes, articles and fen-quorum of the fences, shall be and continue in full force.	overfeers re-

III.	And laftfy, Whereas the building of a key upon the river mam “I?e* of Clyde, at the said city of Glafgow, from the place commonly -called the Broomelaw, to a place called Ducket Green, would greatly improve the navigation of the said river of Clyde, and be a convcniency in loading and unloading of goods: be it therefore alfo enaded by the authority aforefaid. That out* of the

U a	monies

2Q2	Anno	primo	Georgii	I. Stat. 2. 0.45,46.	£1715.

A key to be monies arifing by the said impofitions, the magiftratcs of the built ci dT	and	fucceflors	in	office,	(hall be, and

nver Cycle, they are jlcpe|>y impowered and required to advance fuch fum or fums as shall be judged neceflary by the merchant and trades-houfes of the said city of Glafgow for building the said key, from the said place commonly called the Broomielaw to the (aid place called Ducket Green.	•	,	■

CAP. XLV.

An act for bolding the affife for the county of Cornwall at a convenient place within the said county.

WHEREAS the juftices of afpft>, of Nifi prius, Oyer and Terminer, and general goal-delivery for the county ^Cornwall, have, for many years pa ft, conflantly held and kept the afffn for the said county at Launcefton in the said county \ which conftant holding has been oftentimes found inconvenient: for remedy whereof, The aflifes for^e lt ^enefore enadted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by Cornwall shall and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and tem-not be con- poral and the commons, in this present parliament allembled, fined to the 'ancj by authority of the fame, That from and after the twenti-Launcefton et^	Ycar	0four Lord one thousand seven hun-

dred and fixteen, the Adding of the aflifes and general goal-delivery for the said county shall not be confined to the said town of Launcejlort, but that it shall and may be lawful to and fof the lord high chancellor, or lord keeper of the great feal of Great Britain, for the time being, with the advice of the juftices of affife, from time to time, to appoint a convenient place within the said county of Cornwall for the holding and executing kll and every commiffion and commiffions of affile, and Nift prius, Oyer and Terminer, and general gaol-delivery for the said county, in fuch manner as- he is by law authorized to do for any other county within that part of the kingdom of Great Britain called England; any law, ftatute, cuftom or other matter of thing to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

CAP. XLVI.

. An act to prevent the mifehiefs by manufacturing leaves or other things to refemble tobacco, and the abufes in making and mixing of fnuff \	'

WHEREAS tobacco is one of the chief products of Virginia and Maryland, upon which their welfare and fubfiftence doth much depends and by the importation thereof the navigation and trait of this , kingdom., and the publick revenues of the fame, are very mud increafed: and whereas it is found by experience, that of late fever el evil per fens have cut, cured, manufactured and fold walnut-tree leaves, hop leaves, fycomore leaves, or other leaves, herbY, plants, or materials, refembling tobacco of the growth or product of the Britilh plan-' ta/ions, to the prejudice of his Mqjeftfs plantations in America, ani 'of the navigation and trade of this kingdom, and of the publick revenues arifmg upon tobaceo: for remedy whereof for the future, be it

exuded



I7I5*J Annoprimo Georgii I. Stat. 2. c.46.	293

mailed bv the King^s moft excellent majcfty, by and with the After June advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and com- lyi6* wa,n“N rnons, in this present parliament affembled, and by the autho- JhaHnot^cut rity of the fame. That all and every person ahd persons what- with tobacco, bevcr, who at any time or times after the twentieth day of June in the year of oar Lord one thousand seven hundred and fix-tecn shall cut, or caufe or procure to be cut, any walnut-tree leaves, hop leaves, fycomore leaves, or any other leaves, herbs, plants or materials whatfoever, (not being tobacco leaves or plants) into the form or in imitation of any the ulbal fizes or aits which tobacco has been or shall be cut into, for fale, or Stall colour or cure, or caufe or procure to be coloured or cured iny fuch leaves, herbs, plants or materials, to make the fame relemble tobacco, for fale, or shall fell, or caufe or procure to be fold, or agree or offer to fell knowingly, any fuch leaves, herbs, plants or materials, mixed or unmixed with tobacco, as if the fame were tobacco, (hall, for every pound weight of fuch leaves, herbs, plants or materials (b cut, coloured, cured, fold or agreed for, or knowingly offered to fale, and for every pound pena| f weight of fuch mixture as aforefaid, forfeit and lofe the sum of for cv£ry 5 five shillings, and after that rate for a greater or leffer quantity; pound offered that is to Jay, one moiety or half part thereof to the ufe of his to fale, to Majesty, his heirs and fucccflors, (he or they bearing the charge	pro-

of proiecution out of the moiety lo accruing to the crown, and not othtrwife) and thp otfcfer moiety or half part thereof to the ufe of fuch person or persons as will inform or fue for the fame, to be recovered (with full cods of fuit) by aCtion of debt, bill, plaint or information irt any his Majesty^s courts of record at Wejhmnjiery or in the Exchequer of Scotland, wherein no effoin, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance (hall-be allowed.

II.	And be it enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That all penalty and every person and persons whatfoever, who at any time or |*>^xpojrUr times after the said twentieth day of June in the year of our

Lord one thousand seven hundred ana fixteen shall export or caufe to be exported, or shall lade or put on board, or caufe or procure to be laden or put on board for exportation, any fuch leaves, herbs, plants or materials, or fuch mixture as aforefaid, or endeavour to obtain a drawback for the fame, as if the fame were tobacco which had paid or fecured his Majesty’s duties thereupon, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and lofe tht fam of five shillings for every pound weight, and proportionably for a greater or lcfler quantity, over and above ail other penalties which may be inflicted for fuch offence by any law now in force, to be recovered and diftributed in fuch manner as afore-faid.

III.	And be it alfo enacted by the authority aforefaid. That 6uch leaves, all the leaves, herbs, plants and materials fo cut, coloured, &c- may be cured or manufactured, fold, contracted for or knowingly offered

to fale as aforefaid, and all fuch mixtures as aforefaid, and all engines, utenfils and tools made ufe of in the cutting, colour-

17 3	fog.

Search to be made at Tea

order of the Juftices.

The caufe of feizure to be

Anno prirao Georgii I. Seat. 2. c. 4$*	£1715*

mg, curing or (nanufaCturing the fame, 6r prepared far fach ufe, fhaJl and may be fearched for and feizqi by any officer of the cuftoms, or by any person or persons thereunto fpeciallyao-thorized by writing under the hands and feals of the commif-fioners of the treasury, or any three or more of them, or of the lord treasurer for the time being, or of the coramiffiotiers of the curtoms in England or Scotland rcfpeCtrvely, or any three or more of them for the time being,

IV.	Provided always, and it is hereby entiled. That m boufe or warehovtfe whatfoever shall be opened to fearch for or fei*e fonable hours, fuch leaves, herbs, plants, materials or mixtures, or fooh en-outwairant gines, utenfils or tools, but at feafonablc hours, and not with-from two ju- out a fpecial warrant first had and obtained from two or mem dices.	juilkes of the peace of the county or place where fuch fearch is

The leaves,&c. to be made; and that the leaves, herbs, plants and materials^ broueh^tothe an<* t^ie mixtures* engines, utenfils and tools, which (hail, cuftom- boufe, at time or times, be found and feized within the limits of any or fecured by port, or within fix miles of the fame, shall be brought to the next cuftom-houfe warehoufe; and if found and feized at any greater diftance from any port, shall be fecured by order of any two juftices of peace of the county or place where they shall be found, at the King’s charge, nil the caufe of foch feizure (haQ be determined by the juftices of the peace in their quarter-ief-fions; and that the caufe of every fuch feizure shall be heard and determined at the next quarter-fefiions, or (at farthefi) at determined by t^e second quarter-fefiions after fuch feizure made; and all fuch Sons ;Cr C	l^ves, herbs, plants, materials, mixtures, engines, uten&sand

and leaves,&c. tools, (after condemnation or recovery by judgment of fiach to be burnt, feffions) shall be openly burnt or deftroyed by order of the feme at his Majesty’s charge.

Punishment of. And [t « hereby further enafted. That all fervanttand fervants, &c. labourers which shall be employed in the cutting, coloupng, employed in curing or manufacturing any fuch leaves, herbs, plants or nfet-cutting or fel- terials, to refemble tobacco, or in the making any fuch mixture leaves^ ** ^refold, or knowingly vending the lame, and shall be convicted thereof by the oath of any one or more credible persons, before any two juftices of tne peace of the county or place where the offence shall be committed, (halt Or may, by order of fuch juftices, be committed to the common gaol or boufe of correction, there to remain and be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding fix months, without bail or mainprise. Perfons feed VL And be it likewife enaCted by the authority afbrefisd, may plead the That if any person or persons shall be fued or profecuted for general iffue, what he or they shall do in purfuance or execution of this aft, and shall re- fuch person or persons may plead the general iffue (not guilty) eoiiiTtrCb C anc* a^tcr *^ue joine^ may g*ve this act and the fpecial matter in evidence; and if the plaintiff or profecutor shall be nonfuit, or forbear further profecution, or fuffer difcontinuance, or if a verdiCt pafs againft him, the defendant shall recover treble ccfts, for which he shall have the like remedy as in cafes where cote by law are given to defendants,

VII.	And be it further cnadled by the authority aforefaid, jviixine or co-Tlxat if any person or persons lhall, at any time after the said touring fnuff -twentieth day of June in the year of our Lord one thousand with oker, &c. (even hundred and fixteen, make, mix or colour, or caufe to be made, mixed or coloured, any fort of fnufF with any fort of oaioers, umber or any other kind of colouring, except with wa-ter tilled with the colouring commonly called Venetian Red only; or shall mix or caufe to be mixed with any fort of fnufF, any fu&ck or yellow ebony, touchwood or any other fort of wood, or any dirt, or dull lifted from tobacco; or shall knowingly (cU, or expole to (ale, any (buff fo made, mixed or co- Forfeits the 1 paired as aforefaid, every fuch person fo offending (hall, for eve- £nutf» “d 31* ry pound-weight of (huff fo made, mixed or coloured, forfeit "f*^cry. • the laid (huff, and likewife the sum of three pounds, and pro- ^ . Gto'f. c. portionably for any greater or leffer quantity, to be recovered by 1 1 n. this adioa of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Maje-	« extended

fty*s courts of record at IVeftminfter* or in his Majesty’s court of affies Exchequer in Scotland* wherein no eflbin, privilege, prote&ionj^-^ 0 or wager of law shall be allowed, nor any more than one im- How to be re. parlance; one moiety of which forfeitures shall be to the ufe of covered and Kia Majeffy, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety to^poki. the ufe of Inch person or persons who shall feize, inform, or fue for the lame.

CAP. XLVII.

An ail for the more effectual and exemplary punifbment of . jucbperfons as fbaU feduce foldiers to defert, or who, being fapifts* fball inUft themselves in bis Majesty's service in Great Britain or Ireland, or in the ifiands of Jerfey or Guemfey.

WHEREAS a pernicious and dangerous praflice has been in-duflrioufly carried on in tbefe kingdoms of Great Britain and id, by papijis and other evil-difpofed persons, difajfefled to his jiffs title and government, under falfe and grounalefs pretences, to delude his good fubjefls, who had engaged themselves as foldiers in , the service of bis Maje fty and their country, and to prevail with them by corrupt and direfl means to defert the fame, oftentimes in order to procure their ajfiftance for a popijb pretender, the avowed enemy of the protefant religion, and the laws and liberties of thefe kingdoms; for which wicked purposes the said papijis and other evil-difpofed persons have with great diligence frequented the publick-boujes* and other pieces where the said foldiers ufed to refort, or are quartered, and by entertainments, feditious fpeeches and vain promifes, have often fe-ducedhis Maje fty’s said fubjefls from their duty and allegiance; for remedy whereof for the future, and for the more effectual and After June i exemplary punifhment of all offenders in that behalf, be it en- 17*6. Perfons a£ted by the King’s moft excellent maiefty, by and with the ad-yice and confent of the lords fpiritual and'temporal and com- defertfoaHfor^ mons, in this present parliament affembled, and by the authority fcit 40I. of the fame. That if any person or persons whatfoever (other ' U 4	than



296	Anno	prime	Georgii	I.	Stat.	2.	G.47.	£1715.'

than fuch as are or shall be inlifted as foldiers, againft whom Sufficient remedy is already provided by law) (hall, from the first day of June in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and Sixteen, in Great Britain or Ireland, or the ifles of JerJey or Guernjey, by words or other means whatsoever, dire&Iy or indirectly, perfwade or procure any foldier or Soldiers in the Service of his Majesty, his heirs or fucceflors, todefert or leave fbgh Service, or (hail go about and endeavour in manner aforefaid, \o perfwade, prevail on or procure Such foldier or Soldiers to defert or leave fuch Service as, aforefaid, every fuch person or persons fo bffending as aforefaid, and being thereof lawfully convi&ed, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit to his Majesty, his heirs or fucceflors, or to any other person or persons who mall Sue for the fame, the sum of forty pounds, to be recovered by .bill, plaint or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at IVefl-minjler, wherein no effoin, protection, or wager of law. shall be in” fufficieruto a^owe^ > an<^ lt Shall happen that any Such offender, fo con-pay it to be victed as aforefaid, hath not any goods and chattels, lands or nnpritoned fix tenements, to the value of forty pounds, to pay and Satisfy the months with- fame, or that from the circumftances and hainoufnefc of the Sandlu the* cr*me lt ^ bought proper and convenient, the court, bc-pillory. fore which the said conviction shall be made, as aforefaid, shall award the said offender to prifon, there to remain for any time not exceeding (ix months, without bail pr mainprize, and alfo *0 (land in the pillory for the Space of one hour, infome market-town next adjoining to the place where the offence was committed, in open market there, or in the market-town itfdf where the said offence was committed.

Profecution in H. Provided always, and be it enacted by jthp authority afbre-fix months, faid. That no fuch action shall be brought, or profecution carried on by virtue of this act,unlefs the fame be commenced within fix months after the offence committed.

Punishment of III. And whereas to carry on the service of the said pretender, papilts lilting for ctber wicked purpofes, marry papifts pretending tbemfebes hisMaeftV’s Proteftantir tjnd taking the oath of abjuration, and fubfcribing the tef, service.* ^ when thereunto required, being Jo allowed to do by the popey and their other fpiritualfuperiors^ the better to difguife and conceal their defigns, do inlifi themjelves in bis Majejlys troops, whereby the greater danger may arife to thefe kingdoms, if not timely prevented: be it therefore enacted by the authority aforefaid. That any person or persons having profefled the popifti religion, who Since the first day of February one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, have been inlifted in his Majesty’s troops, and who shall not, after the first day of June one thousand Seven hundred and (ixteen, in Great Britain or Ireland, or in the ifles of Guernfty ©r JerJey% produce a teftimonial of his having publickly renounced the fime, or shall not, at the time of his inlifting, declare to the officer or foldier who fo inlifteth him, that he hath been,- or at present is of the popifh religion, shall in fuch cafe be liable to, and receive fuch corporal puniftiment, not extending to lofs of life, as a court martial shall inflict for the feme, who are hereby impovyered fo to dg.

CAP,

L,ooQ[e

1715*3 Armoprimo Georgii I. Scat. 2. c. 48,	297

CAP. XLVIII.

An aS to encourage the planting of timber-trees, fruit-trees and other treesi for ornament, fhtlter or profit \ and for the better preservation of the fame -9 and for the preventing the burning of woods.

WHEREAS the raifmg and planting of timber-trees, fruit- Tbisaffistx* trees and other trees is of very great profit and advantage to *nd*m the kingdom of Great Britain: and whereas divers lewd anddifor-	f ^

derly persons, and others, have riotoufiy, and fometimes in a clandefiine and malicious manner, broke down, cut up or otherwise deftroyed fuch timber-trees, fruit-trees and fiber trees, to the great difeouragement of the planters and owners thereof and the parties whose trees are fo defiroyed are remedilefs, for lack of knowing the parties fo offending: raerefore for the better encouraging of perfonsto raife, plant and preferve -timber-trees, fruit-trees, and other trees, in fields, . hedge-rows, gardens and walks, and elfewhere, cither for ornament^ (belter of profit, and for the preventing the malicious deploying or fpoiling the fame, and to give remedy to fuch persons for making them fatisfa&ion for all damages to be occafioned by fuch*breaking down,* cutting up, fpoiling, or otherwise de-ftroying the fame; be it enacted by the King’s mod excellent Timber trees, majefty, by and with the advice ana confent of the lords fpiri- &c.ma!iciou(ly tual and temporal and commons, in this present parliament af-fern bled, and by the authority of the fame. That if any person (halfmake or persons whatfoever, from and after the twenty-fourth day of good the da-June in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and mage to the fixteen, shall malicioufly break down, cut up, pluck up, throw owncr* down, bark, or otherwise deftroy, deface or fpoil any timber-tree or trees, fruit-tree or trees, or any other tree or trees, the person or persons, body politick or corporate, that is, are, shall or may be damaged by the fame, shall receive fuch fatisfa&ion and recompenceof and from the inhabitants of the parifh, town. How the da-hamlet, vill or place, where fuch tree or trees shall be fo malici- mages shall be ouily broken down, cut up, pluckt up, thrown down, barked, recovered ln deftroyed, defaced or fpoiled, and to be viewed, and damages	^atI

and cods to be recoverable and recovered againft fuch parilh, c. a *m town, hamlet, vill or place, by the person or persons, whose tree pr trees shall be fo malicioufly broke down, cut up, pluckt up, thrown down, barked, deftroyed, defaced or fpoiled, in the fame manner and form as hedges and dikes overthrown by persons in' the night, in and by an adl of parliament made in the thirteenth year of the reign ot King Edward the Firft, intituled, Lords may approve againft their neighbours: ufurpations of commons during the efiaU of particular tenants, are to be levied, and damages yielded; and where fuch offence or offences {hall be committed in that How m Scot-part of Great Britain called Scotland, to be recoverable and re- 'and* covered by way of fummar action, and in the fame manner and form as damages in other cafes of riot are to be recovered by the laws there, unlefs the party or parties fo offending shall by fuch parifh, town, hamlet, vj.ll or place, be CQnvi<5fed of fuch offence,

with-





2£$

.Anno primoGEORGH I. Sta*♦ 2. c.48. f *7 15.

within the fpace of fix months from the committing fuch offence or offences; any law or conftrudion to the contrary in any wife notwithflanding.

. a. II. And be it further enaded and declared by the authority ^arter.fe?0r	That it shall and may be lawful to and for any two or

Son* finally to more juftices of the peace of the county, riding, divilion, ftew-detenaine theartry, regalky, city, town, borough or corporation, wherein offences. any fUcb offence or offences shall be committed, or the juftices in open feffions, upon complaint to them made by an inhabitant of the aforesaid parilh, hamlet, viU or place, or of the owner of fuch tree or trees, or of any other, to caufe fuch offender or of-Offenders con- fenders to be apprehended for the trefpaffea and offences afore-vifted to be faid, or any of them, and to hear and finally determine apd fimt tothe adjudge all and every the offence and offences aforelaid; and reaion*for** ^ j^^es convict any person or persons of all or any three months, the trefoaffes or offences aforefaid, then fuch juftices, immedi-or to the gaol ately after fuch convidion, shall commit fuch offender am} of-f°r 4 months, fenders to the houfe of correction, there to continue and be whi t° ** ^cPt to ^arc* ^a*X)Ur f°r t^c ^Pacc three months, without boil p * or mainprize; and where there are no houses of corredion in any county, riding, divifion, ftewartry, regality, city, town or borough where fuch offender or offenders shall be convided, the said juftices shall commit fuch offender or offenders to fuch prifon as is appointed for other criminals, there to continue for the fpace of four months; and shall alfo order and adjudge that fuch offender and offenders shall be publicity whipt by the matter of fuch houfe of corredion, once every month, during . fuch three months, in fuch borough or corporation, if the offence be committed therein, and not otherwife; or in the market-town where fuch houfe of corredion (lands, or in the next market-town next adjacent to fuch houfe of corredion, and in the county where fuch offence shall be committed, on the market-day of fuch town, between the hours of eleven and two of the clock $ and in fuch places where there is no houfe of cor* redion, the said juftices shall order and adjudge that fuch dt-fender or offenders shall be publickly whipt by the hand of the common hangman or executioner once every month, durfog fuch four months, on the market-day of any borough or corporation where fuch offender (hail be committed, or on the market-day of fome town, between the hours of eleven and two of the clock.

And before	III. And it is hereby further enaded, That before any fuch

^barged	offender or offenders shall be difcharged, he, (he and they (hall

ties for good** fufficicnt forties for his, her or their good behaviour for, behaviour for the fpace of two years thence next enfuing; any law, cuftoin or two years. conftrudion to the contrary notwithflanding.

Setting any IV. And whereas divers woods, underwoods and coppices have been £’ood, &c. on heretofore, and lately fet on fire, or burnt, to the great difcouragcr irCafrl0”c ment °f. Pfonttn&:	lt therefore enaded and declared^ by the

»»&23*C*ar.* 2*. authority aforefaid. That if any person or persons (hall, from c, 7.	*	and after the said twenty-fourth day of June one thoufend, feven

hun-





1715*] Anno primo Gborgii L Stat.2. c. 49,50.	299

hundred 4nd fucteen, maUdoufly fet on fire, or bum, or caufe to be burnt, any wood, underwood or coppice, or any part thereof, ftsch malicious fetting on fire, burning or caufing to be burnt, fhctil be and is hereby declared and made felony, and the offender and offenders shall fuffer, and be liable to all the penalties and forfeitures, as other felons by the law now are; and where offenders in fuch offences are committed in that part of Great Britain called Scotland to be Scotland* fuch offender and offenders shall fuffer and be liable as P1™1^ ** .f wilful fire-ratfers, according to an adt paffed in the fevcnth year ”8 £ of her late majesty Queen Antui intituled, An act for improving 7 Ann. c. »i. the union of the two kingdom $ any thing in this aft contained, or in any other law or ftatute to the contrary in any wife not* withholding.

CAP. XLIX.

An act to revive and continue an aft of the eighth and ninth years of the Continued bw reign of hh late majesty King William, for repair of the piers of Brid-	f	^

liogton, alias Burlington, in the Eaft Riding of the county of York. 5	'	'	*

The aft 9W.J. c. 19. revived and continued to June 24. 1730.

Truftees appointed, and to have the fame powers as the truftees in the (aid aft.

CAP. L.

An act for appointing commissioners to enquire of the estates of certain traitors, and of popifh recufants, and of estates given to fuperftitious ules, in order to raise money out of them fevenuly for the ufe of the •public*. EXP.

AU caftles, honours, lord (hips, manors, lands, fee* of persons since 19 June 1715* attainted, or before 24 June 1718. to be attainted of high treafon. committed before 1 June 1716. shall be forfeited to his Majeftv, for the uffc of the publick. Eftates tail vefted in the crown in fee (imple. Com-nUBoners named. General meeting of commissioners to be by % July 17*5, May agree upon rules, fee. May fubdmde fb as fin refide in *

Scotland, and seven m England. May appoint a commiffioaer to travel into any parts where forfeited estates he. In cafe of difpute the King to ihake orders. Commiffioners may appoint a regjftelr and other officers.

Whb are to bfc fwom. Commiffioners to proceeain a fummary way, fee. and to keep a regifter, See. Perfons dilcovering concealed debts, and paying two thirds thereof by 24 Nov. 17x6. into the Exchequer, difeharg-ed of the intire debts. All claims to be entred before 24 Tune 1717. All claims to be entred in a book. All conveyances made by persons con-viftod, after x Aug. 1714. fraudulent. Commiffioners to gWe an account* in writing to the King and both houfes. Commiffioners to enquire of the estates efpopifti recu(ants, and how much the two third parts amount to* and whether regiftred. Eftates given to fuperftitious ufes, vefted in the crown, for the ufe of the publick. Commiffioners in a fummary way to enquire of all fnch estates, and to fend for truftees, and for deeds, fee.

Tnritees difeovering fuch estates before 24 Nov. 1716. to hare one fourth

r. Each commiffioner to have a falary of ioool. per annum. Salaries clerks and incident charges to be paid by the Exchequer. All the monies ariffng by this aft appropriated to the ufe of the publick. EXP.

XXXI. And whereas several of the tractors* whose ejlates are to Heritable Ju-, be inquired of as abovey were on the said twenty-fourth day of June rifdiftion for*-one thoufana seven hundred and fifteen in pojfejfion of heritable jurif-diftions annexed to their families, commonly called confiabularies, re- “PP1* c galiiiesy admiralties, fiewartics or Jberiffjbips; all which heritable

jurif-.



3oo

*oGeo.s.C'43*

Forfeited flie-rifflbips and ftewartries annexed to the crown, &c.

Suppreffed conftabularies or regalities fubje&ed to thefheriffthips &c. where they lie.

And forfeited admiralties, See. to the court of admi-

ain Scot-

.

Anno primo Georgii I. Scat. 2. c. 5p.	[1715.

jurifdiftions fo pojjejfed by particular families, without arty immediate commiflion from the crown, have been found by experience to occaficn great obflruftion to jtflice, and to prevent the influence and vfe of the many good and laudable laws of this realm: be it therefore enadted by the authority aforefaid, That all the said heritable jurifdic-tions, commonly called conftabularics, regalities or admiralties, which were in the poffeflion of the above-mentioned traitors on the said twenty-fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, and which are or shall become forfeited within the times above limited, shall from and after the first day of November in the year one thousand seven hundred and fixteen be fupprefTed apd extipguifhed, and fo remain inall time to come; fo that it shall not be lawful at any time after the said 6rft day of November in the year one thousand seven hundred and fixteen, to fell or grant any manner of way, nor by any title of conveyance whatfoever, any of the aforesaid forfeited heritable' jurifdidtions, commonly called conftabularies, regalities or admiralties,* to any person or persons, family or families, nor to eredt any fuch heritable jurifdidtions in the room of the faiil forfeited heritable jurifdidtions.

XXXII.	Provided always. That the several forfeited (heriff-fhips and ftewartries shall fubfift and remain with the fame powers and privileges which belonged to them at the time of the said forfeiture; and that the said forfeited (herifflhips ?nd ftewartries be, and they are hereby declared to be annexed to the crown, fo as not to be alienated by any gift or grant, other-wife than to fuch person or persons as his Majesty, hi* heirs and* Aicceflors shall think fit to grant them, during pletdure only.1

XXXIII.	Provided alfo. That /the several places, towns, villages and bounds, which were fubjedt to the said jurifdidtions, commonly called conftabularies or regalities, to be uipprefled, as above, (hall, and they are hereby ordained and appointed to become fubjedt to the several (herifflhips or ftewartries within the bounds of which they lie, in the fame manner that the other places, towns, villages and bounds which were not erected in or made fubjedt to conftabularies or regalities, are and wtre fubjedt to theif refpedtive (herifflhips or ftewartries; and that the places and bounds fubjedt to the admiralties or vice-admiralties, which are forfeited and fuppreffed, as above, shall and they are hereby ordained and appointed to become fubjedt to and under the immediate iurifdidtion of the court of admiralty

-eftablifhed in Scotland, and referved by the articles of union; any thing herein, or any other adt contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

Commifiioners not incapacitated to fit in parliament, See. General iffoe, Provifo for the wives of the late duke of Onpond, earl of Marr, and ^rount J5olinghro}ce. EXP,

CAP,





3oi

1715*3 Anno prime* Georoii I. Stat; 2. c. 51,52, CAP. LI.

An ait for repealing fo much of the ait of the twelfth and thirteenth years of the reign of King William the Third, intituledy An adt for the further, limitation of the crown^ and better fecuring the rights and liberties of the fub-jedfc, as enaitSj That no person who should come to the pojfejfton of the crown, Jhall go out of the dominions of Enjpand, Scotland or Ireland, without confent of parliament.

WHEREAS it has plea fed Almighty God to place his Maje/lf on the throne of his ancejlors, and farther to blefs thefe nations with a numerous progeny of his said Maje/lf s royal family, and in particular with a prince endowed with all virtues and qualifications requifite to render pofierity fiourijhing and happy : and whereas it is agreeable to the ancient conftitution of thefe kingdoms, that the person of the King or j9ueen should freely enjoy all and every the juft and undoubted rights, liberties and privileges of the crown: and whereas by an aft of parliament pajfed in the twelfth and thirteenth years of the reign of our late fovereign lord King William the Third (of glorious memory) intituled, An adt for the farther limitation of the crown, and better fecuring the rights and liberties of the fubjedt, it was (amongft other things) enabled, That no person who should thereafter come to the pojfejfton of the crown, (hould go out of the dominions of England, Scotland or Ireland, without confent of parliament, which reftriiiion may prove inconvenient with regard to the service of our fovereign lord the King, {by God's .mercy now pojfejfcd of the crown) and of his heirs and fuccejfors: be it therefore enadted by the KingS molt excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the cla,ufe in the said recited adt contained, which provided and enadted, That no person who (hould come to the poffeftion of the crown, (hould go out of the dominions of England, Scotland or Ireland, without confent of parliament, and the reftridlion by the fame clause meant or intended, are and shall be repealed, and shall for-ever be and be deemed and taken to be void and of none effedt; any thing in the said recited adt, or any other adt to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. LII.

An ail for making the laws for repairing the highways more

e/feiiual.

WHEREAS there are feme defoils in the laws for the better repairing of highways, and dfo feme negleils in the execution of the fame, fo that they are not fe effectual to the end for which they were made: be it therefore ena&ed by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons, in this present parliament

aflembled.





1% & 13 W. 3. c. a.

The clause in the aft 1* W. 3. c. 2. That no person who (hould come to the crown, should go out ot England, Sec. without confent of parliament, shall be void.

302	Anno	primo	Gegrgii	I.	Stat. 4. c. £1. [iy\£

All the laws aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That a!! the laws for repairing an(j ftatutes now in force, for or concerning the repairing of be pu^m exe-0001111011 highways, and not hereby altered or repealed, shall cutjon. be duly put in execution according to the tenor of the said laws.

Surveyors ap- II. And be it ena&ed, That all furveyors of the highways, P^nl^bythe appointed or that lhall be appointed by virtue of an a St of the M.c ia ftaU an<* f°urt^ King William and Queen Mary, intituled, view theroads, An for the better repairing and amending of highways > and for

Zee.

and give an account on oath of the condition

fettling the rates and carriage of goods, shall within fourteen days after the acceptance of their office, and fo from time to time, every four months or ofitner, if required thereto by warrant of any two or more juftices of the peace, view all the roads, common highways, bridges, caufways, pavements, hedges, ditches, and water-courfes appertaining to fuch highways, together jvith all nufances or incroachments made or committed in or upon any of them, within the parifli, townfhip, village, harfilet, pre-cineft or tithing where they are furveyors, and give a particular and true account in writing upon oath of the Rate and condition of all fuch highways, and more efpecially of fuch faults and defe&s in any of them as want to pe amended or repaired,

thereof, Sec. to and of the negleas of labourers, and pf thofe that are obliged the fpeciai fcf- to find labourers or teams for the repair of the highways, as

required by law, to the juftices at their next fpecial feflions to be holden for the amendment of the highways, according to the 3&4.W.&M. said recited aeft, to the end that the said accounts may be care-fully preferred, and that at all future feflions the juftices of the said divifion may have full information of, and may be able to examine into the particular ftate and condition of all the roads, bridges, caufways, pavements, hedges, ditches, and water-courfes, as aforefaid, and may the better execute the powers in the laws relating to highways 5 and all furveyors neglecting to give fuch account, as aforefaid, shall fuffer the feme penalty as if they refufed to execute the said office, to be levied and difpofed of as by the aforesaid act Is directed, unlefs they shall have fome reafonable excufe for omitting the fame, to be allowed by thejuftices of the peace of the fame divifion at fuch their fpecial feflions. juftices to ap- III. And it is hereby further enacted and declared. That the point the re- juftices of the peace at fuch their fpecial feflions, by writing parations. under their hands and feals, may order and appoint the reparation of thofe great roads which do molt want repair within the hundred or divifion where luch session is held, to be first amended, and at what time or in what manner the fame shall be performed, according to which order, if fuch there be, all and fmgular the refpe&ive furveyors of the said highways are hereby required to proceed within their refpedtive liberties.

The highways IV. And it is hereby further ena&ed and declared. That ail to be repaired furveyors of highways shall take the first mod convenient ana before harveft. feafonable time of the year, for repairing and amending the highways 'withUi their relpe&ive liberties, and take care as far as

iy 15.] Anno primo Georgii I. Stat.2. c. 52*	303

as is poffiible, that the said work may be perfected before the time of harveft; and that they accordingly fummon the teams and labourers, by law obliged to work at the said highways, to come in upon fuch mod early and feafonable days as the year shall afford, and to repair fuch ways in priority, as the juftices of the peace at fuch their fpecial feflions shall direct ana order, in manner as is herein before exprefled ; and in cafe of no fuch order from the said juftices, then to repair fuch highways as tp the said furveyors shall feem mod needful of reparations.

V.	And be it enadted, That if any fine, penalty or forfei- Penalty of ture shall be laid upon any furveyor or other perlon or per- mifapplying fans, for not doing his or their auty for the amendment 0fthc ****•>&c* any highways, and the said fines, penalties or forfeitures (hall

be any ways mifapplied by any person or persons whatfoever, or by his. or their order or direction, upon proof thereof, upon dath before the juftices at fuch their fpecial feflions, every person fo offending shall forfeit the sum of five pounds to fuch person or persons as shall give information thereof to the juftices as aforefaid, to be levied by diftrefs and fale of the offenders goods, rendring the overplus to the owners ; and the said juftices at fuch their fpecial feflions are hereby impowered to examine upon oath all persons who can give any account of any money that ought to be applied for the amendment of highways, and levy the penalties, and difoofe of the forfeitures as aforefaid.

VI.	And whereas it is cnafted by an aft made in the third and 3&4.W.&M. fourth of King William and ueen Mary, That where\thejuftices ofc*Ia# •

the peace of any county, city, borough, or other place, at their general quart er-fejfions, Jhall be fully fatisfied, that the common highways, caufways, bridges, Jlrects^ or other places within any parijh, tovjnjhip, hamlet, or other place within their refpeftive jurifdiftions, cannot bo fujpciently repaired, amended, paved, cleanfed andfupported, without the help of the said aft, that they then may caufe ajjeffments to be made, qnd the money raised to be difpofed of as by that aft is directed; by the general conjiruftion of execution of which aft, it is ujually con-JIrued and undcrflood, that no money can legally be raised by aJTeffment towards the repair of any highways, caufways, or parish bridges, till • all and every the teams and labourers appointed to work at the said jmys have fully performed their fix days dutv as by law dire fted: be it therefore enadled by the authority aforefaid, That upon ap- Quarter-fef-plication of the furveyor or furveyors of the highways for any fion* parith or townfhip to the juftices of the peace for the county, toc^ city, borough, riding or divifion of the county wherein fuch made for raif-pari(h or townfhip lieth, at their general or quarter-feflions of ing money to the peace holden for the said county, city, borough, riding or thc divifion, the said juftices being fatisfied that the highways, cauf- h»gnways,«c. ways, and parifh-bridges belonging to the said parifli or townfhip are fo far out of order, that they cannot be repaired as they ought to be, without further power than what the laws have hitherto directed and appointed, may at their feflions, if they Tee fitting, caufe affeflments to be made and money to be raifed,

not

Anno.prjmo Georgii 1, £tat. 2. C. 52.	"|p	71 £

npt exceeding the proportions limited by the faidin any, parish or parnhcs, townfliips or hamlets, as aforefaid^ and 'the money to be difpofed of as by the faicj acft.is dire&ed, for. tjie fetter repairing of the said highways, though the fix dayy work have not been performed j )put the railing money by a^Qments not to excufe the work of any teams or labourers', byjliw appointed to work at the said ways.	'	J

Juftices in ci- VII. And it is hereby enaded and declared, That, the Juftices ties, &c. may 0f the peace of all cities, corporations, boroughs, and other tion^thc^aSi" places> are hereby impowered to put in execution any part of renting to this, or any former a6t or ads relating to any highways wfthin highways. their refpedive jurifdidions.	’

VIII.	And whereas divers broad as well as narrow highways are much prejudiced and annoyed by watering lands adjoining or near to the fame* and by Jlopping up ditches, and diverting ufuat water-courfes, or drawing water-courjes to the prejudice of tne highways^ or neglecting to four and beep open fuch ditches and water-ccurfs^ or by leaving the earth of fuch ditches fo fcoured in the highways* U the annoyance of them: be it therefore enabled by the authority Penalty of not aforefaid, That from and after the twenty-ninth day of Septem-‘ fcouring ber one thousand seven hundred and fixteen, if any p£rfon or movin** an* PCff<>ns> who ought to fcour and keep open fuch ditches andf nQyancevScc. u^ua^ water-courles adjoining or near to the said highways, and effedually to amend fuch water-courfes, and to remove fuch' other annoyances to the highways, (hall, by the fpace of thirty days after; due. notice thereof given by the furveyors of thd highways (which notice the said furveyors are hereby required to give) negled or delay to do the lame, or ftiall leave the earth of ditches fcoured in the highways for the fpace of eight days, oath being thereof made by the said furveyors before the juftices of the peace at fuch their fpecial fefllons for the hundred, divifion, or place where fuch ways do lie, fuch person fo offending (hall, for every eight yards of ditching fo not fcoured and kept open, forfeit the sum of two shillings and lix pence, and Forfeitures to for each other offence aforesaid any fum not exceeding* fiv6 ** a£{?llcd for pounds, nor under twenty shillings,. to be levied by warranf ofthe ways, under the hands and feals of the laid juftices, by dfrtrefs and fale of the goods and chattels pf fuch person fo offending, reri-driog the overplus, if any be, to the owner: which forfeitures shall be duly accounted for and applied by the said furveyors td and for the amendment of the said highways : and the lurvey-ors of the highways are hereby authorized and required with their workmen to fcour and keep open fuch ditches and water-courfes, and to remove all annoyances to all and every the highways, and (where the ditches and drains already made are not , fumcient to carry off the water that lies upon or annoys the highways) to make new ditches and drains in and through the lands next adjoining or near to the highways, and to keep them fcoured, cleanfed and open ; and. the said furveyors are author rized to come upon the said lands to make fuch ditches or fcour

the .

1715*] Anno primo Georgii I. Stat. 2. c. 5a.	30$

the fame with workmen, for all and every of the ptirpofes aforefaid.

IX.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, juftices in ci-

That where the juftices of the peace in any city or market- ties, &o. to town (not having already particular provision made for them aPP°b*t fca-therein by any former law) or the major part of them, at their	c	lJ#

general or quarter feflions, shall judge it neceflary to appoint aj lcavenger or fcavengers for cleanfing the ftreets, the said juftices

(hall and may, from time to time, nominate and appoint fuch

pcrfon or persons as they shall think fitting for that purpofe,

and alfo to order the repairing of fuch streets therein as they

(hall judge neceflary ; and for defraying the charges thereof, an and order the

afleflment or afleflfments, not exceeding fix pence in the pound repairing of

in one year, shall and may, from time to time, be equally made ftreeta, and lay

upon all and every the occupiers or owners of houfes, lands, downers °B

tenements, and hereditaments in fuch cities : and fuch afleff- <>f houfes,

ment or afleflcnents shall and may, from time to time, be made &c.

by fuch person or persons, and levied and collected in fuch

manner as the said juftices by their order at fuch feflions (hall

diredt and appoint in that behalf j and the money thereby raifed

(hall be imployed and accounted for, according to the orders

and directions of the said juftices for and towards the repairing

and cleanfing the (aid ftreets, from time to,time; and the faid

afleflfaents being allowed under the hands and feals of fuch

juftices, shall and may be levied, by warrant under their hands To be levied

and feals, by diftrefc and fale of the goods and chattels of fuch by diftreft,&c.

perfons (not paying the fame within eight days after demand)

rendring the overplus, if any be, to the owner, the neceflary

charges of making, keeping, and fettling fuch diftrefs being firft deduced.

X.	Afid be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That $arvcyor nc~ if any furveyor of the highways shall negleCt his duty in any leaingbisdu-thing required of him by this aCt, he shall forfeit, for every ty to forfeit fuch offence, the sum of forty shillings, to be levied and difpo- *

fed of, as aforefaid.

XL And be it further enaCted, That no clerk, or fervant to No }uftice,s any justice of the peace shall receive any fum of money or fee clerk to re-whatfoever, of any furveyor or furveyors of the highways, forCC1V£^"?***• the oath taken, or accounts given by them at fuch their fpeciaT®^^ Clturc feflions, as aforesaid ; and if any person or persons shall receive any fuch fum of money or fee, he shall forfeit the sum of tea	4

pounds, to be recovered in any of his Majesty’s courts of record, as aforefaid.

XU. Provided always, if any person or persons shall find him Perfon* ag-qt themselves aggrieved by any thing that (ball be done in the grieved (exexecution of this act (except as to fuch persons who shall neg- neSe^to** ie.Ct to fcour their ditches, and carry away the earth taken out of the fame, or who shall not carry away (lone, timber, ftraw, ditches, &c.) or dung left in the highways, or who shall not remove any the quarter-qther annoyances by water-courfes to the said highways) then it shall be lawful for the juftices of the peace at the next^t^I cr Voi. XUL	X	general

306	Anno primo Georgii I. Stat. 2• C; 53,54. [1715.

general quarter-feflions, or the greater number of them, to make fuch order therein, as to them shall be thought convenient, and the fame to conclude and bind all perfons.

General ifliie. XIII. And be it further enaded by the authority aforebid. That if any adion or fuit shall hereafter be commenced or prosecuted againft any person or persons for putting in execution the authority of this^ad, every person or persons fo fued may plead the general iffue, and give this ad and the fpecial matter in evidence ; and if the plaintiff shall become nonfuit, or forbear further profecution, or fuffer difcontinuance, or if a verdid pa& againft him or Iter, the said defendant or defendants shall recover his or her double cods, for which he dr they shall have the like remedy as in cafes where cofts by law are given to defendants.

Profecution XIV. Provided alfo. That no person or persons shall be pu-monthr	for	anY offence againft this ad, unlefs fuch offender be

profecuted for the fame within fix months after the said offence committed; and that no person who shall be punifhed for any offence by virtue of this ad, shall be punifhed for the fame offence by virtue of any other ad or law whatsoever.

Lord mayor, XV. And be it-further enade<} by the authority aforefaid, &c. of London That the lord mayor, and the juftices of the peace for the city the^ov/cr^6 London and the liberties thereof, for the time being, and the vefted in them oommiffioners appointed, purfuant to an act made in the twenty-by »»It % j second and twenty-third years of the reign of King Charles die Gar.i. c. 17. Second, intituled, An ah for the better paving and tlemjhsg the Jireets and favors in and about the city of London, shall and may from time to time, within the said city of London and liberties thereof, ufe and execute all and every the powers and authorities vefted in them refpedively by the said ad, or any other ad, as if this ad had not been made.	'	*

CAP. LIII.

An act for the attainder of Thomas Forfter junior, Efquire, and William Mackintofh, Efquire, (commonly called Brigadier Mackintolh)*of high treafon.

CAP. LIV.

An act for the more effectual fecuring the peace of the High* lands rY Scotland.

Thisaa Uen- VJ/HEREAS the cufiom that has two long prevailed ernmgfi forced by V V the Highlanders of Scotland, of having arm in their of* uGeo.i.c.16, tody, and u/ing and bearing them in travelling abroad in the fields, and at publick meetings, has greatly objimftei the civilizing of the people within the counties herein after named; has prevented their applying themselves to hujlandry, manttfaftories, trade, and other virtuous and profitable employments; has been the cattfe of many nets, robberies, and tumults \ hath and does tend to difappoint the execution of the law, to the difhonour of government, and nnfpeakabli bfs of his Mdjettfs fubjefts; has in a peculiar manner been cm of the fatal caufes of the late unnatural rebellion% and may oecafm the Hie or

renter

I7I5*] Anno primo Georgii I. Stat. 2. c. 54.	307

greater calamity in time to cme, if not prevented by a proper remedy:

be it therefore enadted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this preferrt parliament aflemMed, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after the first day of November in the year of our Lord one thousand feven hundred and fiwteen, it shall not be lawful for any person or persons within the (hires- of Dunbartain on the north fide of the Pcrfon* within

water of Leven, Sterling on the north fide of the river of Forth, the fliire* of

Perth, Kincardin, Aberdeen, Invemefs, Nairn, Cromarty, Argyk, ^un£a^on>

Forfar, Bamff\ Sutherland, Caitbnep, Elgine, and Rofs, to have

in his or their cuftody, ufe or bear broad fword, or target, poy- any arms.

nard, whingar* or durk, fide-piftol or fide-piftols, or gun, or

any other warlike weapons, in the fields, or in the way, com-

ing or going to, from, or at any church, market, fair, burials,

huntings, meetings, or any other occafion whatfoever, within

the bounds aforefaid, or to come into the Low-Countries armed,

as aforefaid: and in cafe any of the said person or persons above Penalty f<*

deferibed, shall have in his cuftody, ufe or bear arms, otherwise ** °*m

than in this adt directed, every fuch person or persons fo offend- cc#

ing, being thereof lawfully convicted before one or more juftices

of the peace, or before any other judge competent of the place

fumtnarily, (hall, for the first offence, forfeit all fuch arms, and

be liable to a fine, not exceeding the sum of forty pounds fter-

Kng, and not under the sum of five pounds sterling, and to be

imprifoned till payment of the said fine 5 which if not inftantly

paid after edmmitment, the said fine may and shall be levied

out of the offender’s goods and eftate, by warrant of the judge

who shall pronounce any fuch fentence, to be applied, the one

half to the ufe of the informer, and the other at the fight of the

juftices of the peace where fuch offenders shall be convidted,

towards repairing the publick works within the said (hire; and Second of- *

further, liable to a month’s imprifonment: and being convidted fence.

for a second offence before the court of judiciary, or before the

judges at their circuit, shall forfeit fuch arms and be liable to a

fine, not exceeding the sum of eighty pounds sterling, and not	•

under the sum of ten pounds sterling; and for every fubfequent Every fubfe-

offence, to a fine the double of the former, to be levied and quent offence*

applied as above: and for want of payment of any fuch fine, or

a fufficient diftrefs to fatisfy the payment of it, the offender (hall

be fable to be tranfported to any of his Majesty’s plantations

beyond the feas, there to remain for the fpace of seven years.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. Trials of of-That all trials for the aforesaid offences shall be entred m a re- fenders to be gifter or record to be kept apart by the clerk of the court of juf- c?*rcd in a Ttm ticiary, or his deputies; and that where any offender or often- gl er# ders shall be tried for the first offence before any inferior court, thederk of every fuch court (hall, and he is hereby required to Duplicates to exhibit futU duplicates of every fuch trial and fentence followingbe exhibited thereupon, figned by his hand judicially, before the judge ort<x thc. judges at their circuits, in tbe very next court after fuch trials 'cir ar"

X2	Aiall6'*1”’



308	Anno primo Georgh L Stat. 2. c. $4,	[1715.

fhall have been, to be delivered to the clerk of the circuit pwho is hereby required and commanded to enter the fame upon the book of regifter, which is appointed to be kept feparate in man and that! have ner aforefaid: wad that within forty days after fuch duplicate the fame force shall be exhibited and delivered in manner aforefaid, extra# * whereof, figned by the said clerk of jufticiary, (ball have th< fame force and authority as extra&s from other regifter* of it crees and ads in Scotland, by the laws there, have; and th; the clerks of fuch inferior courts, within the jurifdi&ion of an feparate court of judiciary general, shall in like cnannerforth with tranfmit the duplicates aforesaid into the said courts thcr to be kept in a regifter apart, in order to the convi&ion of foci persons who shall be guilty a second time, or oftnet, of tb above-mentioned offence.

Clerks, &c. III. And be it further enabled. That if any clerk or clerk neglefting to 0f any 0f the fajd inferior courts shall negled to make and figi plkrate'mallU" ^uplicate, or to exhibit the fame judicially in the circuit forfeit iol. courts, or to deliver the fame to the clerk of the said circuit) or to tranfmit the fame in the cafe above-mentioned 5 or if th said clerk of jufticiary, or his deputy-clerks of the said circuits . shall negled to enter the said duplicates upon the regifter ap pointed to be kept in manner before-mentioned, every fuel clerk fo offending shall be liable to a fine of ten pounds ftcrling to be levied as aforefaid.

The said mat- IV. And be it further enaded by the authority aforesaid ters shall l>e That the matters above-mentioned shall be point of dituy,am point otdit- that the judges at their circuits shall enquire concerning thi tay#	profecutions that shall have been made upon this ad, and tb

'	keeping	of	the duplicates of the trials in manner above direfted

The regifter V. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid,Tha to be exhibited tbc cierk Qf jufticiary, or his deputy, shall exhibit mtothefan ol>ftlci3uy!rt‘ court of jufticiary the book of regifter above direded, at the for Court that shall happen to be held after the return of the judge from their circuits, and the running of the forty days allowe for filling up the said regifter*, to the end, that all negkdsb; .	not	making, exhibiting, and delivering duplicates, or by m

entring the fame, together with the proceedings had before th< said court of jufticiary, or judges at their circuits, in mannei '	above	direded,	may	be	punifhed,	according	to	this	adf	with

out delay.

This ad shall VI. Provided always, and be it further enaded by the audio not exrnid to rity aforefaid. That the prohibition above-mentioried of keep-peers, c. .jng^ bearing or wearing any warlike weapons, and the pains and penalties aforefaid, shall not extend to the cafe of any peers cl this realm, nor their fons, nor of any officers or their affiftanb, Commoners employed in the execution of justice 5 nor shall this ad be con-having 400I. ftrued to hinder any commoner, having the yearly income of Scots per ann. four hundred pounas Scots, or more, or who is otherwifequi-fhXcksP&c.° to votc at e^e^ons parliament-men to serve for aay of *	*	the	above-named counties, to have in hi* cuftody or oft, ia

manner allowed by laws now in force, any number of arms not •	■	\	exceeding



1715*] Anno primo Georgii I. Stat. 2; c. 54.	309

exceeding two firelocks, two pair of, piftols, two fwords ; the magiftrates of every burgh royal to have in their cuftody a fuf- Magiftrates of ficient number of arms for keeping guard within their burghs, burghs royal and the inhabitants of burghs royal to ufc the said arms in hTma-keeping guard, according to the direftions of their refpeftive gazines. magiftrates: provided always. That the arms in burghs royal be kept in magazines under the care of the magiftrates, and not left in private houses 5 and that the whole number of arms fo kept in any burgh royal shall not exceed the number of two hundred; nor hinder the officers of the army having his Many's commiflions, and the foldiers under their command, to keep, ufe, or bear arms as formerly; nor the lieutenants of Lieutenants of counties, their deputies and the militia, and fenfible men under counties may their command, to keep or receive out of his Majesty’s maga- recei*e arms ztnes, arms, and to ufe the fame during the time that their fane'* maea-militia and fenfible men shall be called out by lawful authority.

VII.	Provided always. That the said lieutenants of counties, their deputies, militia and fenfible men under their command,

return the arms received out of the King’s magazines within But shall retwenty days after the expiration of the time for which they turn them to shall be called out, under the pains and penalties above-men- the magazine*, tioned.

VIII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. After July 16, That from and after the fixteenth day of July one thousand fe- 1716, Search ven hundred and fixteen, when ar warrant is granted by ai\y ** m^c lord lieutenant, or two deputy lieutenants of any of the (hires fothenighu* or bounds above-mentioned, to fearch for any ammunition or

other warlike (lores, which he or they shall judge dangerous to the peace of the kingdom, and kept or ufed contrary to the di-reftions of this preient aft, in purfuance of an aft patted this prelent feflion of parliament to that effeft, the said fearch may be made within the said (hires or bounds between fun-fetting ana fun-rifing, if the warrant shall fo direft; and in cafe of refinance or refufal of entry into the place where fuch fearch is to be made, pena|ty ^ ^ or of the hiding, concealing or conveying away fuch arms, am- fiftine fiich munition or other warlike (lores, all and every person and per- fearch.

Tons wilfully aiding or abetting, or being guilty art and part of fuch refiftance or refufal of dntry, or the hiding, concealing or conveying away fuch arms, ammunition or other warlike (lores,

(hall be liable to a fine not exceeding fifteen pounds sterling, and not under five pounds sterling, to be levied as above.

IX.	And whereas it is juft and reasonable, That all fuch persons as Such perfon* have continued faithful to his Majesty during the late unnatural rebel- as *?av^ rc: lion, and who are by this ail- difeharged from keeping or ufing arms9 t<Thi* Mai Jhouldhave the juft and tnu value of all fuch arms as they are obliged jC{ty, shall be by this ail to lay afide: be it therefore enafted by the authority a- paid the full torefitid, That all persons within the limits aforefaid; who have value continued faithful to his Majesty, and who are hereby obliged jj™*

to lay afide their arms, shall deliver them up to the lords lieute-nants of their refpeftive counties, or their deputies, or fuch other persons as his Majesty shall be pleafed to commilfion for that

X 3	purpofe,

3io

After Aug. i, 1717,the annual value of

perfonal attendance, &c. ftiall fte paid in money.

How the annual value

Anno primo Georgii I. Scat. 2. c. 54. Cr7f5*

purpofe, and shall receive the true and juft value of them in money in manner after-mentioned ; that is to fay. The lords lieutenants of the several counties above-mentioned, or their deputies, or fuch other persons commiflioned as aforefaid, are hereby commanded and required, before the first day of Aaguf in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fixteen, to appoint, by proclamation to be made at the several tnarket-crofles and parilh-churches, proper places and times, within their refpeCtive counties, where fiich arms shall be delivered; and to appoint five or more persons to receive and value the fame upon oath, and grant receipts under their hands for theth, bearing the names, number and value of the arms fo delivered; which oath, the said lords lieutenants, or their deputies, or fuch other persons commiflioned as aforefaid, are hereby required and impowered to adminifter: and if any of the persons to be appointed to receive and value the said arms, shall wilfully te-fufe to take the said oath, or to receive or value the said arms, every person fo refufingj shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds sterling; and within forty days after the receipt of foch arms, the lords lieutenants, or their deputies, or fuch other persons commiflioned a6 aforefaid, are hereby commanded and required to tranfmit the fame to fuch places as his Majesty shall think fit to direct, with a figned lift of the names and defigna-tions of the several persons who delivered them, and their particular values ; and for the effectual payment of the said value, the collectors of the land-tax or excife within the said counties are hereby commanded and required to pay the fums contained in the said receipts out of the first and readied monies that are in or shall come to their hands for the ufe of the publick : the which receipts, indorfed by the persons to whom they were first granted, are hereby ordered to be pafled to the credit of the said collectors of the land-tax or excife, at making up of their accounts.

X.	And whereas the prevailing cujlom of convocaling numbers of his Majcfly's fubjcBs together, with the practice of obliging them to perform divers ferviccs, arbitrary and opprejftve, by virtue of elaufes in charges, contracts or agreements, within the limits aforefaid,, is contrary to the nature of good government, dejtruftive to the liberties of free people, inconfiflent with the obedience and allegiance due to his Majt fly and government, as well as the greatejl obJlruBien to the improvement of trade, hufbandry and manufactories, and was one of the greatejl means of raifing and earying on the late unhappy rebellion: be it therefore enaCtcd by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the first day of Augnft in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and feventeen, and all time thereafter, the annual value of the services, commonly called perfonal attendance, hofting, hunting, watching and warding, due by virtue of any charter, contract, cuftom or agreement whatfoever, shall be paid in money annually indeed of them.

XI.	And for the determining the said annual value of fendees

and attendance, it is hereby further enaCted by the authority a-4	-	fordaid,



1715.] • Anno primo Georoii I. Stat. 2. c. £4.	311

forefaid, That the persons to whom fuch services and attendance Ml be de-are due, and thofe by whom they are payable, shall each for termmcd. themselves agree mutually for the said annual value, or by arbitrators chofen by their mutual content; and ip cafe they cannot agree in manner aforefaid, either party may apply to the lords or the fdfiop at Edinburgh, by bill or petition, to have the said annual value afeertained by them ; and the said lords of the fef-fion are hereby impowerea and required fummarily to determine the said annual value, after having heard both parties, or futn-moned and given them time to compear.

XII.	And for preventing th? like abufes in time to come, it Claufes in is hereby further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That all charters. See. claufes in charters, contracts or agreements of any fort, where- ^p^viceshC by the foresaid services of perfonal attendance, hofting, hunt- &c. ing, watching and warding ate contracted to be payable, and void, for which a certain fum of money is ordered to be paid annually as above, as well as all obligations to pay the aforesaid services and attendance, which shall hereafter be contracted, (hall, from and after the said first day of Augujl one thousand fever* hundred and feventeen, be void and null, and of no effect in law, and fo remain in all time to come.

XHI. Provided always. That nothing in this aft contained Not to extend shall be conftrued to enervate or take away any other claqfe pr to other article in the aforesaid charters, contracts or agreements, he- l*thc fides thofc claufes, by virtue of which the foresaid services and c a cr$* perfonal attendance of hofting, hunting, watching and warding are payahle.

XIV.	Provided alfo. That the foresaid agreements by mutual Agreements

confent or by arbitrators, or failing of thefe, the fentences of by mutual the lords of the feflion interpofing as above, whereby a certain	' £c'

fum of money shall be determine to be paid annually, inftead	lawln ll?*

of the foresaid services of perfonal attendance, hofting, hunting, watching and warding, shall have, and they are hereby ordered

to have the fame force and effect in law, as if the said fum of money afeertained and determined as above, were infert as payable in the said refpeftive charters, contracts or agreements, inftead of the said services of perfonal attendance, hofting, hunting, watching and warding; any law, ftatute or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

XV. And whereas by an aft pajfed its the Jixth year of the reign of & Ann. c, 6, her late majejly Queen Anne, intituled, An act for rendring the

union of the two Kingdoms more intire and complete 5 it is a-mmg other things enabled. That circuit courts Jhall be holden in that part of the united kingdom called Scotland, in manner and at the places mentioned in the said obi: and whereas, by the late unnatural rebellion, the courfe of ju/lice in Scotland has been fo interrupted\ as rendred it impoffible to give up and tranfimt preferments in fuch due time, as profecutions might thereupon commence before the circuits to be holden in May one thousand /even hundred and fixteen, whereby and by the abfence of several Jhtriffs and other officers appointed by law for executing the portous rolls, who joined in the faid, rebellion, there

X 4	appeared

3*2	Anno	primo	Georgh	I.	Sut.	2. c 55.	[1715

*fr£	appeared a necejfity of fuperfeding ihe /aid circuit: be ft therefore

damnified for	by tJie authority aforefaid, That the lord jttftfce'derk,

not perform- aTK* commiflioners of jufticiary, and all and every otherperfim ing the cir- and persons therein concerned, are hereby exonerated1 andiif-cuit in May demnified for their not performing the said circuit, a$ bjrthe ,7I*#	forecktd ad they were obliged to do *f any thing in the foot

ad, or in any other law or ftatute to the contrary ttotwith-ftanding.	1

XVI.	And whereas the want of fchods in proper placing fir ik education of youth within the bounds aforefaid, is alfo a great Mtfnf the ignorance and ruienefs of the meaner fort of people in thefipms: Account to be be it therefore further enaded bv the authority aforefaSdj Ttet laid before hU fiich persons as his Majesty (hail appoint under hie rfcyal fign mdl^r laoes manua^ Iball, and they are hereby required and feftpowered, rorfchooh. on or before the first day of December in the year of oaf Lori one thousand seven hundred and fixteen, to lav before his Majesty an account of the proper places for eftabliming fchools,and of the neceflary falaries for the maintenance of them, that ill needful provision may be made for that end.

CAP. LV.

Jn aft to oblige papifts to regijier their names and ml efiolts,

WHEREAS thepapifts within this kingdom, notvsitbficnhi the tender regard that hath been fisezum them for may pen laji paft, by omitting to put in execution the many penal lews wkh (on occafion of the many juft provocations they have given, and Aarni deftgns they have framed, for the dejiruftion of this kingdom adJbt extirpation of the proteftant religion) have been made againft then; and notwithstanding they have enjoyed, and do Jtill enjoy the proton and benefit of the government, as well as the reft of his Majefijs /objects, have not only, all or the greateft pari of them, been contend in ftirring up and fupporting the late unnatural rebellion, for thi it-throning and murdering his mo ft facred Majesty; for deftreying w present happy eftablijhment; for fettling a popijb pretender upon tlx ihrone of this kingdom ; for the dejiruftion of the protejiant rtbpu) and the cruel murdering and majfacring its profeffors; Ay tobid tty have brought a vaft expence upon this Ration: and whereas it om-fefily appears by their^ behaviour, that they take* tbemfehts to k obliged, by the principles they profefs, to be encrrms to bis Mtyfi and to the present happy ejlablijhment, and watch for aH oppertodtw of fomenting and Jiirring up new rebellions and dijiarbamnwitbit ihe kingdom, and of inviting foreigners to invade it: and'for os mi as it is highly reasonable that they should contribute a large jbarrud fuch extraordinary expentes as are or /hall be brought upon tins fatf-dom by their treachery and inftigation : and to the end thatj by feting largely to the late great expenses by them brought upon station, they may be deterred, if poffible, from the lrke}ejfmcs ft the future : and that this station may have the benefit of his Afc* jejlys gracious condefcenfion, in giving his interest in the two fid parts of all the papifts estates, which are already forfeited to bin It jaw, for the life ofthepubiick, either by feizinglhefejdtw &r!

. i.\ . '	'	%	.. ' •	fvtt



1715-J!	Anno prknoGEoRQixI. Stac. z« c.55.	$13

perir-tf thrireftates for the pubUck former* or by laying fometax or charge upon tbiir tfiattsin lieu thereof* in fucb proportion and in fiuhmemeras Jball be determined to be reafonable in parliament: and to the end that their estates may be certainly known and difco-vered, for the purposes aforefaid, or for fuch other ends as a parliament {hall think fit, be it ena&ed by the King’s rnoft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons* in this present parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame. That all and every perfbn and persons, not having taken the oaths herein after-mentioned before the lad day ot Trinity term one thousand (even Pa pilh in Eng-hundred^ and fixteen, in the manner by law required, having ltndr &c. of any estate or inter eft in any lands, tenements or hereditaments, th* age of ax or who shall hereafter have any estate or interest in any lands, ***” ™ ^unf tenements or hereditaments lying, being or anting in that part having taken of Qreat Britain called England* or in Wales? or the town of Ber- the oaths, Shall wick upon Tweed* who is or shall be a popifli recufent or papift, before Jan. 20, or is or shall be educated in the popifh religiqp, or whose parent17169 or parents shall be a papift or papifts, or who shall ufe or pro-fefc the popifh religion, (hall, if he, (he or they be, on the twenty fourth of June one thousand seven hundred and fixteen, of the age of one and twenty years, on or before the twentieth day a£ January in the year or our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fixteen, and it he, flje or they be, on the laid twenty fourth of June, unborn or under that age, within the fpace of fix months next after he, (he or they shall refoe&ively attain to that age, and. have fuch estate or interest as aforefaid, take the feve-ral oaths appointed to be taken by fuch persons who bear any of- takc the fice under his Majesty, by an a<ft made in'this present feflion of appointed by parliament, intituled. An a& for the further foturity of his Maje- iGeo.i.ftat.s» fiy's perfan andgovernment* and the fiucceffion of the crown in the heirs c* *3-if tbelate princefs Sophia, being protejtants, and for extinguishing the hopes of the pretended prince of Wales, and hts open and fecret abettors, and alfo repeat and fubferibe thn declaration fet down and repeat and exprefled in an a& of parliament made in the thirtieth year and fubferibe of the reign of the late King Charles the Second, intituled. An thedeclaratio* a& for the more effectual preforving the Kings person and govern-	£	£

ment*,by difabhng papifts from fitting in either boufo of parliament, in the high court of chancery, court of King’s bench, court of common pleas, or court of Exchequer, or at the general quar-terofeflions of the peace to be holden for the county, riding or divifion, where fuch lands, tenements or hereditaments, or tame part thereof, shall lie or arife, between the hours of nine and twelve of the clock in the forenoon, or in default thereof (hall, w -m default within the fpace of fix months next after the time hereby ap- shall within pointed for him, her or them to take the said oaths, and fo, fix months from time to time, within fix months after be, (he or they, ortftcr t.hc3r any truftee or truftees for him, her or them, or his, her or their ^(fcVon°of benefit or advantage, shall come into the poffeffion or perception any lands, &c« of the rents or profits of any other lands, tenements or here-ditaipcnts, regifter, or procure fo be regiftred, his, her or their rc^fter their

Oaqae name and



3*4

land, &c. in books to be kept by the clerks of the peace.

Manner of re giftring.

Eftates let upon kafe.

Perfons names to be fubfcrib -ed in the presence of two juftices.

Two juftices to fubfcribe their names, on penalty of sal.

Clerics of the peace to keep Parchment books to enter tbe names.

Anno prime GeqRoii I. Sttt. 2. c. 55, [i 715.

name or names, and all fuch lands, tenements and beredkar ments, whereof he, (he or they, or any truftec or truftees for him, her or them, or his, her or their benefit or advantage, shall be in pofleflton, or in the receipt or perception of the rents or profits, which are fituate, lying, being or arifing in Engkmi, Wales, or the town of Berwick upon Tweed \ and (lull exprefs or caufe to be exprefled in fuch regifter, in what pari(h, towoflnp or place fuch lands, tenements and hereditaments, and every part thereof lie or arife, and who, for the time being, is or arc the pofleflors thereof, and of every part thereof, and what estate or interest he, (he or they, whose name or names is or shall be fo regiftred refpe&ively, have in the fame, and in every part and parcel thereof refpe&ivcly, and the yearly rent referred to him, her or them for the fame, if the feme shall be lett; and if the fame shall be lett upon leafe, then by whom fuch lcafe was made, what yearly or other rent is referved thereupon, and what fine or Aim of money was paid for fuch leafe thereof, in cafe the feme was made by himfelf or any person in truft for him, or that he was party or privy thereunto, and the time and day of the month and year when fuch entry shall be nude, in a parch* ment-book or books, roll or roils, which shall .be kept by the clerk of the peace for every county, riding and divifion, where fuch lands, tenements or hereditaments shall refpe&irely lie, a* rife or be. And to the end that all fraudulent or covenous regiftring any persons names or estates, who do not defire to have them regiftred, may be prevented, , every person whose name and estate shall be, or ought to be regiftred as aforefeid, is here* by obliged to take care that his name be, within the feid fee months hereby allowed for making fuch regiftry, fubfcribed to fuch regiftry or entry in the (aid books or rolls, in the prefence of two or more juftices of the peace far the county, riding or divifion, where fuch regiftry shall be, in open feffions, either by the person himfelf whose name and estate shall be fo regiftred, or by his attorney or attomies thereunto lawfully authorized by warrant of attorney under his hand and feal, executed by him in the prefence of two or more witnefles, two of which witnefles at the ieaft shall make proof of fiich execution upon their oaths at the quarter-fcflkms where fuch name shall be fubfcribed or Tegiftry produced * and the juftices of the feid court of quarter* feffions are hereby impowered and required to examine fiich witnefies upon oath for that purpofe 5 and two of the juftices of the peace then present shall fubfcribe their names to every fuch entry which (hail be to made before them, as witnefles that the fame was duly made as aforesaid ; and in default thereof each of the feid juftices then present shall forfeit twenty pounds to the King. And to the end that the parties concerned in the pre* mifles may find no difficulty in procuring their names and estates to be-regiftred as aforefaid, all and every fuch clerk and clerks of the peace are hereby required to keep parchment-books or parchment-rolls at feme notorious place in the county, riding or divifion, ip wh^ch they (hafl aft as clerks of the peace 5 and (ball by themselves or their lawful deputies regifter and enter in the faid books

3l5

715.] Anno prime GeoRGII I. Stat. 2. c. 55.

or rolls the chriftisnt and furnames of all and every fuch per-)o or persons, who shall come in person and defire to be regi-red as aforefaid, or shall fend any writing under his, her or their and to fuch clerk of the peace or his deputy, defiring him to re-ifter his, her or their name or names ; ana shall alfo regifter the and regifter (late in lands, tenements and hereditaments of every fuch per- the estates, dsc* >n and persons, in fuch manner and in fuch words, as he, (he rthey (hall, by any writing figned by him, her or them reipec-vety, defire fuch clerk of the peace or his deputy to regifter the ime: provided the person or persons who defire fuch regiftry ) be made, shall tender and pay to fuch clerk and clerks of the eke, or to his or their lawful deputies, the fees hereby ap- Feet to be ointed to be paid unto him or them for fuch regiftry, and fo lat they apply to him or them to enter fuch regiftry, and deli-er to him in writing the words he or they refpe&ively defire to ave fo regiftred or entred, ten days at the leaft before the quar-:r-feflions where the entries thereof are to be fubferibed as a-Dresaid ; and fuch clerk or clerks of the peace, or their lawful Books to be eputy or deputies, shall enter fuch persons names and regiftty carried toithe f their estates before the next quarter-feffions of the peace after |}“**cr*	,

jeh delivery rn the said books or rolls, and shall cany the said u ooks and roils in which fuch entries shall be fo made with him t them to the next and every other quarter-feffions of the peace ) be held for the county, riding, divifion or place where fuch titry shall be made, until the time of fuch fubferibing the fame half be expired; to the end that all and every the persons rhofe names shall be or ought to be regiftred, as aforefaid, or heir refpedtive attorney or attornies, may have an opportunity 0 come to the said feffions, and fubferibe the names of the per- clerks of the 3ns fo to be regiftred to the fame; and fuch clerk and clerks of peace to keep he peace shall alfo keep alphabetical tables of the furnames of all alphabetical nd every fuch person and persons whose names and estates shall e fo regiftred, and of the parifhes and townftiips where the lurnam s* inds fo regiftred lie, with reference to the place in the book or ooks, roll or rolls, where fuch names and lands shall be regi-red; and shall alfo carefully keep all fuch warrants of attorney and file thel 5 shall be fo proved, as aforefaid, upon a file, together witn warrants of ich books and rolls ; and shall likewife enter fuch warrants of attorncy» ttomey upon record, and shall have for fuch regiftry and entry n record, a fee of three pence for every two hundred words whicn 3d. for every ich regiftry and entry on record shall contain, and no more, to *©o words, e paid"by the person regiftring the fame; and shall alfo have le fam of four pence, and no more, for every fearch that shall 4- d. for every e made for the name or estate of any perfon; and is and are &arch. ereby required to make foarch on the requeft of any person or erfons who shall pay fuch fees, and alfo shall permit and fuffer ich person and persons to infpedt and fearch the said tables, ooks and rolls, and infpe<5t fuch letters of attorney as shall be fo led, if he or they shall defire it; and every fuch clerk of the Clerk of the face is hereby required to give copies of fuch regiftries, fub- peace shall Tibcd by himielf or his lawful -deputy, to every person and per- ghe copies of

6	fons	®	*

3l6

and refuting IhaJl forfeit his office.

Penalty of persons not taking the oaths, or not regitiring their eltatei, &c.

Forfeitures, how to be recovered and diipofcd.

Anno prune Georgii I. Stat. z. c. 55.	^*7*	5

fpns who shall defire fuch copies, and tender him the foes here by appointed to be paid for the fame; and shall fufier fiich per Tons who shall requeft him fo to do, to examine the fame witi the roll or books by him kept,. and for fo doing shall take a fe of three pence for every two hundred words contained in even fuch copy as shall be fo taken, and no more; and if any ded of the peace shall negle& or refufe to do any of the matters c things hereby appointed to be done by turn, and be thetec lawfully convi&ed, he shall thereby forfeit his office ; and if an fuch person or persons, who is or are hereby required or miend ed to take and fublbribe fuch oath, and repeat and fabferib fuch declaration, as aforefaid, or in default thereof, to regiftc or caufe to be regiftred, his, her or their name and names estate and estates, as aforefaid, shall noteither take and. fubferib fuch oath, and repeat and fubfcribe fuch declaration, as afore (aid, in fuch manner, as aforefaid, or regifter his, her or thei refpe&i ve name and names, and eftate, in fuch manner, as a forefaid; and alfo fubferibe his, her or their refpedive name a names to fuch regiftry, or procure the fame to be fubferibec thereto by his, her or their refpeclive attorney or attornics, law fully authorifed, as aforefaid, fo to do, within the reipe&iu times herein before limited or appointed for his, her or thea doing thereof, or shall not regifter the fame truly, that then ad in every fuch cafe, the person and persons wdfully negledinj or refuting fo to do, or committing any fraud in luch rqgtftn shall forfeit the fee-fimple and inheritance of all (uch lands, tenements and hereditaments not regiftred, or fraudulently regi* .ftred, whereof he, (he or they, or any person or persons in trufi for him, her or them, was or were feized in fee-fimule at the time of fuch default or fraud in regiftring, as aforefaid, and the full value of the inheritance of all fuch lands, tenements and hereditaments not regiftred, or fraudulently regiftred, as aforefaid, whereof he, (he or they, or forae person or persons is truft for him, her or them, was not or were not failed in fee-fimple at the time of fuch default or fraud, as aforesaid ; two third parts thereof to the King, and the other third part thereof to fuch person or persons, being a proteftant or proteftaots, who shall fue for the fame at the common law, in any of his Majesty’s courts at	by	fuch	action,	bill,	plaint, fuit

or information, or other procefs as shall be proper, according to the nature of the cafe, and of the thine fued for, or in tbc high court of chancery ; and the person fo Tuing shall be intitied in the high court of chancery to demand all fuch difeoveries 2$ he might do if he were a purchafer upon a valuable confidera-tion of the estate fo fued for; and to demand a true difeoveij from all persons of all fuch incumbrances and titles which any way do or may affedt the fame, and of all trufts relating thereto or protecting the fame; to which bill or bills no plea or demurrer shall be allowed, but the defendant or defendants (hail fufficiently anfwer the fame at large; and alfo that the.peribn fifing for any fuch real estate may, if be shall thinfc fet, bring an ejectment

t 715.1 Anno primo Georgii I. Scat, a. c. 55.	317

for the fame upon his own demife, and give this aCl and the fpecial matter in evidence j and if it ihall appear upon trial of fiich ejeftment, that the estate fued for is the estate of the person fo neglecting to regifter, or fraudulently regiftring, and the defendant ihall not be able to make it appear that he took the laid oaths, and repeated and fubfcribed the (aid declaration, in fiich manner as aforefaid, or otherwise that he retiftred his name and the estate fo fued for in fuch manner as aforefaid, a verdidt ftiall be given for the leffor of the plaintiff in fuch ejectment, and judgment shall be thereupon had in fuch manner as is ufual upon verdicts in ejectment, and the leflor of the plaintiff shall have cofts of fuit, as is ufual when judgment in ejeCt-ment is recovered by, or given for the leffor of the plaintiff; and by fuch judgment two third parts of the lands, tenements md hereditaments fo recovered, shall be veiled in the King’s majefty* his heirs and fucceftors, and the other third part thereof in the person who shall be the leffor of the plaintiff in the said ejeCiment.

II. Provided always neverthelefs, and be it enaCted by the au- Perfon* be- * thority aforefaid. That if any person or persons, who is or are y°nd on hereby required or intended to take and fubfcribe fuch oath, taking the7*6* and make and fubfcribe fuch declaration, or to make fuch re- oaths before giftry, as aforefaid, shall be beyond the Teas upon the eighteenth May 10,1717. day of June one tlioufand seven hundred and fixteen, that then procuring and in fuch cafe, if fuch person or persons shall take the oaths, or repeat and fubfcribe the declaration hereby appointed to be fubfcribed, taken, repeated and fubfcribed in fuch court, and in fuch man- and eftate* re. ner as the fame are hereby before appointed to be taken, repeat-ed and fubfcribed, on or before the twentieth day of May thouiaiid seven hundred and feventeen, or in default thereof

*	(hall procure his or their refpe&ive name and names, estate and estates to be regiftred in fuch manner, as aforefaid, at any time within fix months next after the said twentieth day of May one. thousand seven hundred and feventeen* that then and in fuch 'Cafe, fiich taking the oaths and repeating and fubfcribing the Aid declaration, or fuch regiftry of his or their refpeCtive name ' or names, and estate or estates, shall be as good and effectual, in refpeCt of every fuch person and persons fo being beyond fea upon the said eighteenth day of June one thousand seven hundred and fixteen, as it would have been if fuch person had taken the said oaths, and repeated and fubfcribed the said declaration

*	on or before the twentieth day of January one thousand seven hundred and fixteen, in filch manner as aforefaid, or had regiftred his name and estate in fuch manner as aforefaid, within fix months next after the said twentieth day of Janudty one thousand seven hundred and fixteen.

III.	Provided, That in cafe fuch person or persons fo making purchafers, default* or committing any fraud in regiftring, as aforefaid, after &c. for 1 n* .fitch default or fraud committed, and before he, (he or they be luable confide-tbereof conviCted, or any ejectment or fuR brought for fuch for-t feted lands, tenements or hereditaments, (hail bona fde% for a ^y ddault or

juft

•	3 r8	Anno prime Georgii L Start. 2. a 5$.	[1715.

fraud in rep- juft and valuable confideration, convey over, grant, leafe or in-***• cumber all or any fuch lands, tenements or hensdiramams diced, £?by	or fraudulently regiftred, as aforefaid, that then	and

reafon or any in fuch cafe, the peribn or persons fo purchafing, or having fuch .forfeitures. grant, leafe or incumbrance, as aforefaid, not knowing, at the .	time of fuch purchafe or incumbrance made, the said offender

to be a peribn within the defcription of dm a&, shall not be prejudiced, nor his, her or their eftare or interest in the hid lands, tenements and hereditaments, impeached, for or by reason of fuch forfeiture, as aforesaid ; but in that cafe the said offender shall forfeit the value of the inheritance of the said lands, tenements and hereditaments, to be diftributed and recovered in manner as aforefaid.

Not to extend IV, Provided always, and be it hereby further enafted and to persons not.declared by the authority aforelaid, That nothing in this present a&ually feifeduK^ contained shall extend or be conftrued to extend to compel foace^ffix any person whatfoever to regifter, or procure to be regiftred, months. any lands, tenements or hereditaments, until he or feme other person or persons,’ as truftee or fruftees for him or his benefit,

*	or on his behalf, is, are, have or hath been, or shall be avftual-r ly feiacd and have notice thereof, or poflefled, or in the receipt

of the rents or profits of the fame, for the fpaceof fix months. Not to compel V. Provided, That nothing herein contained ihall extend or any farmer*, be conftrued to extend to compel any perfbn or persons to regime. to regi- (ter any lands, tenements or hereditaments, whereof be, (he or they shall be only farmer or fanners, or tenants at a rack-rent, or who only do or ihall hold by leafe or leafes, whereupon two thirds of the full yearly value, or more, is, are or shall be re-ferved.

Nor to preju- VI. Provided alfo. That nothing herein contained shall ex-dice any ere- tend to defeat or prejudice any proteftant, or other creditor, who ditor; but tona jjfo hath or shall have any charge or incumbrance upon any me default^" rea* e^ate or eftatcs hereby diredted to be regiftred; but then in &c. in regi- cafe of fuch charge or incumbrance, the person or persons fo firing incum- making default, or committing any fraud in regiftring, as aforc-Wances, shall faid, shall forfeit the value of fuch charge and incumhrance, one valS1 third part thereof to and among the person and persons who shall v uc*	by virtue of this adl fue for and recover the lands, tenements and

hereditaments forfeited, as aforefaid, and fubjedt to fuch charge and incumbrance, or any part thereof, in proportion to the part fo by him, her or them recovered, and two third parts thereof to the King’s mod excellent majefty, his heirs and fuc-cefTors.

Timet allow- VII. Provided also, and be it further enadted and declared by ?d P«rf?ns the authority aforelaid. That no person or persons being in the or America?* -£^or Weft-Indies or America, shall be compelled to take the fail oaths, and fign the declaration before-mentioned, and regifter his, her or their estate or estates at the time within mentioned, but shall have twelve months longer than the times herein before refpcdtiYtly allowed to persons beyond the feas to take the

bid



r 71£.]	Anno prfmo GeorOII L Stat. 2. c. 5<T.	3	T0

said oaths, and fign the said declaration, and regifter their estate . and estates j any thing herein to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. LVI.

jfn aft to difable any person from being cbofe a member of$ or Jrom fitting and voting in the boufe of commons, who has any penfion for any number of years from the crown.

WHEREAS by an aft, intituled, An a61 for the fecurity of6 Amu c. 7* her Majesty’s person and government, and of the luc-ceflion to the crown of Great Britain in the proteftant line, and made in the sixth year of the late Sfueen Anne, it was provided^	s

77hat no person having any penfion from the crown during pleafure,

Jbould be capable of being elefted, or of fitting or voting as a member of the houfe of commons, in any parliament which Jbould be then after Jummoned and holden; to the end therefore that the provision intended by that law, for fecuring the honour of the houfe of commons, may not in future times be defeated or eluded by a-ny person who shall be a member of the houfe of commons, accepting any penfion for any term or number of years; be it en- No person a<5ted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the ad-vice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and com- shall be monsj in this present parliament afiembled, and by the autho- capable of be-rity of the fame. That no person having any penfion from the ingelefted, drown for any term or number of years, either in his own name, or in the name or names of any other person or persons in trail ^ common^< for him, or for his benefit, shall be capable of being eledted or chofen a member of, or of fitting or voting as a member of this' present or any future houfe of commons which ihall be hereafter fummoned.

II.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforelaid, That A“y P**”® if any person who shall have fuch penfion, as aforefaid, at tlie	and

time of his being fo eledled, or at any time after, during fuch who being time as he fliall continue or be a member of the houfe or com- elefted shall mons, shall prefume to fit or vote in that houfe, then and in Jj* ltl ^ .. fuch cafe, he shall forfeit twenty pounds for every day in which *o). he shall fo fit or vote in the said houfe of commons, to fuch per diem, to person or persons who shall fue for the lame in any of his Ma- tbe profecu-jefty’s courts in WefiminJler-HaU; and the monies fo forfeitedtor-(hall be recovered by the person fo fuing, with full colls of fuit in any of the said courts, by adtion of debt, bill, plaint or information, in which no efloin, privilege, protection or wager of law Ihall be allowed, and only one imparlance.

CAP.

f Ann. c. %%t

i

The commif-fionerf for putting in execution the ad 9 Ann. c. may make bylaws, See. to bind the keepers, See. of hackney. noach*a»

Anno, p9j)K>	GmwuI. c |

cap. lvel'/	VT-1

Art	eft for better regulating hackney-coaches, turfs, Aratff.

cans and waggons within the cities of Londoa asni. Weft-minfter, and the weekly bills of mortality j and far preventing mifehiefs occafibkedly the drivers rtdikgffSbriffth . carts, drays, cans and waggons................. f	m

Whereas by an aft of 'parliament made in~tfyt.fi

of the reign of her late majefy Queen Anne,	>

ad for licenfing and regulating nackneyrcoaches andcj^ir&^aod for charging certain new duties on ffiunpt vellum,, pa^rchtacnt and paper, and on cards and dice, and on the cxportapqp of rock-fait for Ireland; and for fecuring thereby, and 6y a, weekly payment out of the poll-office, and by several duties, onfvdes and (kins, a yearly fund of one hundred eighty-fix. thouf^r^fix hundred and seventy pounds, for thirty two years, to be applied to the fatisfadion of fuch orders as are therein mentioned to the contributors of any fum not exceeding two millions* tq be raised for carrying on the war, and other her Majesty’s occafioos* a power was given to the commijjtoners therein mentioned, from time to time, during the term of thirty two years therein mentioned, to li-cenfe all fuch persons, woo, from and after the twenty fourth any of June in the year of our Lora one thousand seven hundred and jfftotn* at any time or times within the said term, should drive or ksepfad-my-coach or coach-horfcs within the cities ^/London and Wcftpaio-ffer. or the fuburbs of the fame, or within the pariJU} comprised within the weekly bills of mortality: and whereas several incrywemsn* eies have been found by reafon of a clause in the said at7, whereby the ccmmjjfioners are impowsred to make, by-laws to bind fuch persons only who /ball have licenfes to keep hackney-coachesc and whereas frtxral doubts have arifen in relation to other claufes in the said ad? mr may it therefore pleafe your Majesty, that it may be cnaded, an^ be it enaded by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the fords fpiritual and temporal an«jl commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the autfuH rity of the fame, That for the better regulating and ordering fuch persons who are or shall be liccnfed to keep or drive hackney-coaches, and the renters of fuch licences, and driven. o( fuch coaches, and to prevent any difturbances and other moon-veniencies in the streets and highways where fuch coachesICbdl Hand and be driven, and for punimment thereof, it ihaD and may be lawful for the commiffioncrs (from time to time aphorized to put the said recited ad in execution) or the major part of them, to make fuch orders, by-laws and ordinances, from time to time, to bind all persons who are licenfed to keep back* ney-coaches, the renter or renters of fuch licences* and driven of fuch coaches, and to annex fuch reafonable penalties, as the said commiffioncrs in their diferetion shall think fit, fo as fuch orders, by-laws or ordinances, be made agreeable to xbc true intent and meaning, of this ad, and the former ads concerning

iffy) Amw/primo GEofeGii I. Stat.2. c. 57.	321	.

hackney coaches, and be for die better pu tting in execution thereof, and for the good government and regulating the persons licenfed to keep coaches,and the renters of fuch licences, and drivers of fuch coaches, and fo as they do not contain any thing repugnant to. the jaws of this realm; die said by-laws to be approved and put in execution, as in and by the said recited aft is directed.

II. Arid be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That Penalty for re-if any hackney-coachman or driver shall refufc to go at, or shall fufmg to go exad more1 for his hire than according to the said recited ad, or for hi's^ by-laws made purfuant thereto, shall be limited and appointed,	ac_

hefhall for every fuch offence forfeit a fum at the diferetion of cording totht the commiflidtiers authorized to put the said ad in execution, or said ad. the major’part of them, not exceeding three pounds nor under ten shillings, the said offence or offences to be determined, and the said penalties1 and" forfeitures to be recovered, levied andap- 9 Ann. c, *3. plied, *s\in and by the said recited ad is direded concerning the forty fhitlings penalty for the offences aforefaid.

‘III.:And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid,That Nonebutper-firom and after the said twenty fourth day of June, no person or fons liccnied . persons shall prefume to ftana, ply or drive for hire, with any p^*0^c* coach whatfoever, hearfe or coach-horfes, or shall let to hire Jfcc.0°n tortcU any mourning-coach or coach-horfes, to wait or attend on any ture of 5 1. funeral within the cities of London and IVefiminJier, or fuburbs of the fame,* or within the parilhes or places comprized within the weekly bills of mortality, except fuch person or persons who are or (harl be licenfed by the said commilfiotvers, purfuant to the before-mentioned ad. That every person and persons fo offending shall for every fuch offence forfeit the (urn olf five pounds, the said offence to be determined, and the said penalty to be recovered, levied and applied, as in and by the said recited ad is direded concerning the penalty for driving an hackney-coach for hire Without licence within the places aforefaid.

IV.	And whereas of late it has been the common practice of under-triers of funerals to hire gentlemen's coaches and korfes of their fer-wnts, without the knowledge and confent of their maflers, to wait and attend on funerals, to the prejudice of the owners of fuch coa< hes and horfes, and greatly to the detriment of the persons licenfed to keep coaches and horfes to let to hire within the places aforefaid: and whereat 'tis difficult to prove any fuch hiring of fuch persons by the undertakers, for that9tis a matter privately tranfafted between thcmfelves, and a certain common price (known between the parties) is conjlantly paid though no agreement made: be it therefore further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That if any person shall drive a mourn- Mourning ing^oach to any funeral, except the fame shall have a number coaches matt fitted on the fore-ftandard of fuch coach or hearfe, or in fome no* driven other convenient place to be appointed by the commiflioners,^xcem^hey (hewing it to be a licenfed coach or hearfe to be let to hire, orf have a mim- • except the fame shall be the coach of fome person of quality or ber,or genrie-gemleman’s coach attending the mafter or miftrefs, or any of mens coaches, his, her of their family ; and if information shall be given the faidcommiflioners of fuch fad* it shall and may be lawful for * c J u Vol. XIH.	Y	the

•n forfeiture of 51.

Perfbm profe-cuted may

Anno prlmo GEokGli 1. Stat.2. C. 57.	[^15,

the commissioners to fummon the party driving (rich coach or hearfe before them, and on default of iuch party or parties appearing on fiich fummons before the said commissioners, the commissioners are hereby im powered to proceed agamft him or them ; and although no exprefs hiring shall be proved, yet ua-lefs fuch pany or oartics shall appear and prove a previous order or command from the owner of fuch coach or coacb-horfa to attend at fuch funeral, it shall be deemed and adjudged a driving for hire, and the said party (hail forfeit for fuch qlbce the sum of five pounds, to be recovered of the driver of fuch coach, hearfe or horfes, or the undertaker of fuch funeral, and to be levied and applied as in and by the said recited a& b directed concerning the driving an hackney-coach for hire with-out licence.

V.	And be it further ena&ed, That if any person or perfoos shall at any time be fued or profecuted for any thing by him or neral iffuege" done or exccuted in purfuance of this act, he or they shall and ftiatf have and may plead the general ifiiie, and give this aCt, and tbeipe-doubte cofts. cial matter proper for his defence in evidencej and if upon ■a trial a verdiCt shall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or judgment fhal^ be given againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs upon demurrer, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs be nonfuited, difeontmue or forbear profecuting their said actions, then fuch defendant and defendants shall have double cods to him or them awarded a-gainft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs, for which cofts he shall hate iuch remedy as in other cafes where cofts are by law given to defendants.

No Certiorari. VI. Provided also, and be it enaCled, That no writ or writs of Certiorari shall fuperfede execution, or other proceeding, upon any order or orders made by the said commissioners, in purfuance of this a£t; but that execution and other preceding* shall and may be had and made thereupon ; any fuch writ or writs, or allowance thereof notwithftanding.

Aldcrmen,&c- VII. And be it further ena&ed. That it shall and may belaw-the ^or a^ermcn every warx* the kid city within his wtfd, penalties anc* every justice of peace within hisjurifdidlion, inthefiudtfo as thecommifi and counties, to infiidt the like penalties, and to levy the fame fioners. in the fame manner, for any offence or offences contrary to this a<9, within any the places aforefaid, as the commissioners above-mentioned have power to infli<5t and levy upon any fuch offenders, as aforefaid; provided that no person be punilhed twice for the lame offence.

VIII.	And whereas, through the negligence of carters, draymen ter* T	men, and waggoners, riding upon their carts, drays, cars, and xvagmii

in the Jireets ^London and Weltminfter, the borough ofSouthwark, end other Jireets within the weekly bills of mortality, aged and aha Aft T persons, and children, arc frequently maimed, wounded, and Bid:

1716.N0 ca£ f°r preventing fuch mifehiets for the future, be it enacted by the ter. See. shall authority aforefaid. That if any cartqr* drayman, carman, wag-ride on his goner, or other perfon, driving any cart, dray, carr, or waggon, in or through any the streets or lanes aforefaid, shall after the laid 2	twenty

cart, kc.

yt6.]	Anno tertio GEORGir I. c. i.	£2	3

wcnty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and fix-een, ride upon fuch cart* dray, cart, or waggon, not having btne other perfdn or persons on foot to guide or conduct the a me, every fuch offender being thereof convitfted before the al-lermcn of the ward, or one or more justice or juftices of the >«ce for the city orcoiinty where the offence is committed, by He oith of one or more credible witnefs or witnefles, (halt for rvery offence forfeit the sum of ten shillings, to be levied by on forfeiture liflrefs and fale of the offenders goods, by warrant under the of 10*. rand and feal of fuch alderman, or justice or juftices of the >eace, rendring the overplus to the owner; one moiety of the aid forfeiture to be to the informer, and the other moiety to be o the ufe 6f the poor of the pari(h or place where fuch offence s committed; and in default of payment of the said forfeiture In default of he person or persons fo offending, to be fent by fuch alderman,	bt

>r justice or juftices of the peace, to the houfe of correction, houfeof cor-:here to be kept to hard labour for the fpace of threfe days. region for

IX.	Provided always. That nothing herein contained shall three dayt. extend to deprive or take away from the mayor, commonalty, and citizens of London and governors of CkriJTs Hofpital, any power or authority they have to punifh any the offences afore-fakl, which shall oe committed by any persons ufing or driv- Thi8 ^a|j ing any Cart, dray, carr or waggon, within the city of London, not take away and any of the offenders therein, in fuch fort and manner as the power of they now ufiially do, fuch offender not having been before pu- *he *liay°r °f nifhed for .the said offence by virtue of this ad.	ondon, uc.

Anno	Regni GEORGII L Regis Magna

Britannia, Francia	& , .

AT	thi parliament began and holden at Weftminfter, the

feventeentb dag of March, Anno Domini one fand seven hundred and	fourteen,	in the fir ft year of the reign

of our Jbvereign Lord George by the grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland,	King, defender of the ,

&c. and from thence continued by fevto the twentieth day of February one tbotffand seven hundred and fixteen\ (a) being the second session of this frefent parlia-

mnt.	and	further

continued by adjournment! till the 15th day of July in the third year of hi* Majelly’* reign.	•

CAP. I.

An act to enable his Majesty effectually to prohibit or restrain commerce with Sweden. EXP.

324	Anna	tertio	Georgii	I.	c.	2,3,4;	[*736

CAP. II.

An act for punijhing mutiny and defertion, and for the betU payment of the army and their quarters.

Penaltie: a- L A ND whereas by an aft of the firjl year of bis Majejhfs nip gainft the ad • Jx intituled, An act for the more effedual and exemplar 1 Geo. i.ftat. punifhment of fuch persons as shall feduce foldiers todefert, 0 to beiued for! ^nS PaP‘fts> shall inlift themselves in his Majesty’s service ii * Great Britain or Ireland, or in the islands of Guernjey sx Jerfej it is enafted, That any person or persons whatfoever9 who fiml tireftty or indireftly perfuade or procure, or endeavour to perfmiisi procure any foldier or foldiers, in the service of his Majefiy, or 4 his heirs or fucceffors, to defer t, Juch person or persons fa ofcndufr and being thereof lawfully convifted, Jhculd forfeit the fm <f fal) pounds: now be it enaded, That for fuch offences as mall be committed againft the said recited ad, within that part of Great Britain called England, the penalties thereby enaded shall be fued for and recoverable in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at IVeflminJler; and for fuch offences againft the said aft, as shall be committed in that part of Great Britain called Setiktd, the fame shall be fued for and recoverable in his Majesty’s court of Exchequer in Scotland; and for fuch offences againft the Iaid ad, as shall be committed in Ireland, the fame shall and may . be fued for and recoverable in any of the four courts at Bulky any thing in the said recited ad to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

CAP. III.

An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land-tax in Great-BnUaty for the service of the year one thousand (even hundred and fevcnrwi 3s. in ibe pound. E X P.

CAP. IV.

An act for continuing the duties on malt, mum, cyder, cni - perry, for the service of the year one tboufandfevenha-dred and feventeen •, and to authorize allowances to U made to certain receivers ; and to obviate a doubt concern-,

: ing goods imported from the islands of Jerfey* Guemfey, Sark, and Alderney •, and to afeertain the duties up1 fheep fkins and lamb Jkins \ and to prevent frauds in /Aflj duties upon ft arch \ and for making forth duplicates of J&a chequer-bills, lottery tickets, and orders, loft, burnt or d?-. ftroyed, and for enlarging the time for adjusting claims is several lotteries •, and for preventing frauds in the duties ot low wines arid Jpints carried coaftwife.

lor the applica- III. AND whereas it has been thought necejfary heretoftriy ft lilrj °ar!fi m°m	the service of the publicity That the lord treaftefery or <W+

from this aft, ttiiffioncvs of the treasuryfor the time being, should male allmmcn Vide infra, c.7. to several receivers general of land taxes and duties on boufa cni, fut. 41. marriages, for their extraordinary charges in bringing up the minty

tier

i?t6>]	Annot^rtioGecrgxi I. c.4.	325

over and above the poundage allowable by the refpeftive afls of parliament for the said taxes and duties, upon reports made to them by the proper officers for that purpofe, but by reafon the monies out of which fuch allowances were ufualiy paid are now appropriated, many have . incurred the penalty of paying ten pounds per centum per annum in- 1 Geo-** ter eft, by virtue of the aft for laying duties on malt, and other things, a* c* 3 * ‘ for the f&vke of the year one thou fan d seven hundred andfixteen, without any regard had to fuch allowances, whereby divers receivers are ren-	'

rfrrt/ incapable of pajling their accounts: for redrefs whereof, be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That the lords commif- Treafury to fioners of the treasury, or any three or more of them now being, make allow-or the lord high treasurer, or any three or more of the commif- cehVrs^wex-fioners of the treasury, for the time being, are hereby impower- traordinary ed to cauf<f fuch fums Pf money as he or they, upon due confi- charge*, deration of fuch reports made or to be made by the proper officers for that purpofe, shall judge to be juft and reasonable, to be paid or allowed, from time to time, to fuch persons as have been, are or shall be receivers, their fureties, executors, admi-niftrators, or affigns refpedrively, out of the arrears remaining in their refpe&ive hands, without charging any of them with filtered, after the rate of ten pounds per centum, for fo much as without fiich allowances shall amount unto; and the several auditors are charginethem hereby required to allow the fame, on paffing their refpetfive accounts, upon fuch warrant or warrants as mall be figned by *	*

any three or more of the lords commiflioners of his Majesty’s treasury, or the lord high treasurer for the time being.

IV. And whereas fome receivers of fuch taxes and duties, as a- and t0 fuct, fore faid, their executors, aiminiftrators, or fureties, to avoid the have already extreme rigour of the law, and the said penalty infixed by the said cleared their laft mentioned afl, have, with great difficulties, raised monies and accounts’ cleared their accounts, though the juft allowances for their extraordinary

charges have not been made to them: be it therefore enabled. That fo much as the said commiflioners of the treasury, or any three or more of them, or the lord high treasurer for the time being,

(hall judge reafonable upon fuch report or reports, as aforefaid, to be allowed to fuch receivers as have already cleared their accounts, shall and may be paid to them refpedtively out of any arrears of any land-tax or land-taxes which are or may be recovered and brought into the Exchequer, and shall there remain after all loans regiftred thereupon, and the interest thereof shall be fati&fied or transferred for fatisfaclion; any other law pr fta-tute to the contrary nottvithftanding.

V.	And whereas the inhabitants of the islands of Jerfey, Guern-fey, Sark, and Alderney, have always been permitted and allowed to import into'England, any goods, wares, and merchandizes of the growth, produce, or manufacture of thofe refpeftive ifes, upon certificates from the refpeCtive governors, lieutenant or deputy governors, or commanders in chief, for the time being, and oaths before the magistrates of the said i(lands of Jerfey and Guernsey r'efpcftively, that the fame were of the growth, produce, or manufacture of the said iflauds? or either cf them, without paying any cujloms, fubjidics,

Y 3	or

Gooch of the produce of lerfey, &c. to be imported duty free.

By 5 Geo. i. c. iS. fe&. ir. Salt imported from theft islands /ball pay as other jortign fait.

Bonds and fc-curities dif-charged;

326	AnnotertioGEORGii I. C.4.	£1716,

or duties for or in refpetl thereof: and whereas feme doubt bath of fate arifen, whether, according to fame fate laws now in force, the fame may be JiiH continued: now for removing the faiddowbt, and encouraging the said inhabitants to continue that fteady and firm loyalty and fidelity to the crown of Great Britain, which they have formerly and conftantly (hewn to the crown of Eng-land, and for their better fupport; be it declared and enacted by the authority aforefaid, That the said inhabitants (ball and may (with and under fuch certificates and oaths, as aforefaid) import into any lawful port of Great Britain, any goods, wares, and merchandizes of the growth, produce, and manufa&ure of the said iflands, or either of them, without paying any cutfoms, fubfidies or duties, for or in refpedl thereof (except fetch totak or other duty as is now, or shall hereafter, for the time being, be due and payable for the like goods of the growth, produce and manufacture of Great Britain); any law or ftatatc to the contrary in any wife notwithftandmg[.

VI.	And whereas upon the aforesaid doubt, whether the goods, wares, and merchandizes of the growth, produce, and mMUjaffm of the said islands might fill be imported into Great Britain euflowb free, Jeveral bonds with'fecurities have been lately taken far anjwer-ing the duties demanded for the fame, unlefs difeharged from the fail duties by aft of parliament, the said bonds arc hereby declared null and void, and the said fecurities difeharged from all prosecutions for the fame.

But foreign VII. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and ena&td goods, &c. to by the authority aforefaid. That nothing in this a€t contained, pay duty. shall exempt, or be conftrued to exempt, any goods or commodities of the growth, product, or manufacture of any foreign nation or country, Which may lawfully be imported into the (aid iflands, or fuch foreign goods or commodities as shall or may be in part or fully manufactured in the said islands fay the people thereof, from payment of fuch cuftoms, duties, or other hnpofitions on the importation of the fame, from any of the laid islands into Great Britain, as are or shall be due and payable for goods and commodities of the like kinds imported into Great Britain, from fuch foreign nation or country of which the said goods are of the growth, produft, or manufacture; any taw, cuftom, or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

Sheep fleins XIII. And whereas fame doubts have arifen upon certain elaufasiu ami lamb (kins ffo pw0 a£U of the ninth and tenth years of Queen Anne, for the five farthings tying certain duties upon hides and fains, whether Jbeef faint and per pound.	bmt fains, being first dipped and fteeped in the tamers wooza made

9	Ann. c. 11. of the bark of trees or Jbomack, and afterwards tawed and drtffed k

10	Ann. c.»6. allom and fait, or meal, fbouli be charged with the duty of fix far-

things or five farthings for every pound weight thereof: it is hereby enaifted and declared. That all (hcep fkins and lamb (kins tawed and drafted, or made into leather, or which shall hereafter be tawed and drafted, or made into leather, in allom and fait, or meal, shall be rated and liable to pay five farthings only for every pound weight averdupoize, and fo proportionably for every greater

or

r^i&J	Annoterdo	Georgii	I,,	c.4*	$iy

or Idler quantity, although fuch (beep fkins and lamb fkins fa tawed and drefled, or mack into leather, in allom and fait, or meal, may have been or shall be dipped or deeped in the tanner's,

"wooze made of bark of trees or fhomack before fuch tawing or drefling as aforefaid; any thing in the (aid afts or in any other a<Sl contained to the contrary notwithflanding.

XIV. And whereas fiarch^ ffiade beyond the feas, and imported into After May 27, Ms kingdom^ is by law fubjeft to the payment of cufiom and other 1717, ail hair-dptiety andfiarch made in this kingdom is made liable to the payment powder im-qf feveralduties by way of excife y to evade the payment whereof fe-veral eonfiderable quantities of fiarch ground into powder have of late ftarch,8 been fraudulently imported from parts beyond the feasy under the deno-fninatioti f hair-powdery to the great prejudice of the revenue and the ruin of the /larch-makers of this kingdom; and fuch powder be* iffg not liable to pay m the importation thereof much above one twentieth part of the cufiom and duties which fiarch is liable unto: for preventing whereof for the future, be it declared by the authority aforefaid. That all hair-powder made of fiarch, or other powder that will serve for the fame ufes as fiarch, (hall, on the importation thereof, after the twenty seventh day of May one fhoufand seven hundred and feveoteen, be fubjeft and liable to • the fame or the like several and refpeftive duties, as foreign fiarch on the importation thereof is liable unto j and fuch powder fo to be imported shall be entitled to the like drawback upon exportation, and be collefted or levied with fuch allowances, and tinder fuch penalties and forfeitures, and in fuch manner and form, as is direfted and preferibed by the laws now in force relating to the colleftion of his Majefly’s cufloms and other duties upon fiarch.

XVII. And whereas several persons who privately brew, /Htf&ciaufeforpre,. and difiil great quantities of low wines and fpirits, of which no en- venting fraud* tries are made with the proper officers of excife of the refpeftive divi-in 1# ficus and places where the fame are fo brewed^ made or difiilledt nor a"d fpirTu C* my duties paid for the famey do privately convey the fame on board carried coafU /hips or other veffels in several ports of this kingdom, and carry the wife. fame ccafiwife to other parts <f this kingdom, and there fell the fame, whereby bis Majefiy is very much defrauded in his duties on the said yammaditieSy aid the fair dealers in the said commodities very much prejudiced in their trade 5 for remedy whereof, be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the fifth day of Juste one thousand seven hundred and feventeen all low wines or fpirits, which fhali be brought by fea coaflwife from any port or place in this kingdom to any other port or place in this kingdom, without a certificate from the proper officer of ex* cife of the refpeftive divifions and places where the fame were brewed, made or diflilled, that the duty of fuch Iqw wines or fpirits fo brewed, made or diflilled, hath been paid (which cer-r tific?te fhali be given on demand without fee or reward) fhali be forfeited and loft, and shall and may be feized by any of the officers of the cufloms or excife of the port or place where the fame fhali be fo brought in; the said forfeiture to be fued for,

V f	recovered.

3*8	Anno tertio Georgii I. c.5.	[jyii,

recovered, determined and mitigated by the fiime ways, mens and methods, as any penalty or forfeiture may be fued for, recovered, determined and mitigated by any of the laws of ttdfe, and to be diftributed, one moiety to his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety to the person or petfogs that shall fue or inform for the fame.

This aft ex» plained, by

See 16 Geo* 2

c. 36.

CAP. V.

An act for continuing the duty of twopennies Scots, arm Jixtb part of a penny sterling, on every pint of 'ole ai beer that jhall be vended or fold within the city of Edinburgh and privileges thereof., for the benefit of th fail city, and for difeontinuing the payment of the dues coth monly called the petty-port eufioms at Edinburgh, dumi the continuance of this aft.	.	<

WHEREAS the city of Edinburgh, by being the metnfih and fat of the government of Scotland,* was fubjtft ts d iGeo.i.itat.i. fhe vicijjitudes and changes of the Jtate, and particularly bos, rtr ^Continued by since the reformation, been remarkably zealous in fupporting and k-9GC0.1. q.14. fending the prctejlant inter eft, and thereby involved in great debts c-bove what the common revenue of the tozvn could difeharge; thrnjr. their late majejlies King William and £>ueen Mary, with anient if the eRates of parliament, by an aft paffed in the parliament of Scotland on the thirteenth of June one thousand fix hundred and mp three years, did give and grant to the said town of Edinburgh ad community thereof, and to the magiftrates and town council rfthefrn, and their fucceffors in office, for their i/fe and behoof, the impofitm:j two pennies Scots, {over and above the Kings annexed excife and additional excife impofed in that feffton of parliament) upon the pint rf all ale and beer, either brewed, or brought in, or vended, tappeicni fold within the said town and fuburbs, and liberties thereof; viz. Canongate, South and North Leiths, Weftport, Potterawd Pleafants, and the other pertinents, to be paid to the said torn d magi ftrates, anf council thereof, by the brewers, vintners, fellers tapfters of the said ale or beer, during the fpace of fifteen years d further, not exceeding the fpace of thirty years, beginning from th firfi day of July one thousand fix hundred and ninety three, end ts be paid, uplifted and gathered weekly, monthly and quarterly, er dv ways, as the magijlrates andt own-councilJhould think fit to preftrih and order; excepting only from the said aft all fuch ale alii bur cs should be brewed in the country without the liberties of the huqh h hcretors on their own lands, and brought in by them (they inhabit}^ for the time within the town) to be con fumed for the ufe of tbemftkti and their families only ; and alfo excepting all ale and bier vcnJii within the pretinfts of Holy-Rood Houfe and cafile of Edinburgh from the said impofttion: and whereas since the union of the two Hop dims, there hath been a gradual dccreafe of the revenue of tie fa* town, and there are several publick works {which of late years hra been much neglefted) ncceffary to be carried on and done for the fr-vice of the said town, which will coft a very confiderabk fttn of m* ny, and the said town is much in debt (part of which was occcfied

bj

i y 16.]	Anno tertio GeoRGH I. c. 5.

by the late rebellion) and the hid debts will, at the expiration of the said aft 4 be fa much increafed, that the money arifmg by . the faidim-PafUion will fall very fbort of difchargtng of the fame :■ and whereas it is neteffary to enlarge the harbour of Leith and deepen the channel thereof, and alfo to build and endow two new churches, and make provifton for the poor of the said town, which are now become very numerous: wherefore your Majesty’s moll dutiful and loyal fub-je«ds, the provoft, magiftrates and council of the city of Edin* burgh, in behalf of themselves and the community of the said city, do moft humbly befeech your Majesty that it may be enacted : and be it enaded by the King’s moft excellent majefty, The rates and by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and duties impof-temporal, and commons, in thisprefent parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame, That fuch and the like rates ^nd, June 30] and duties, and impofition by the ad aforefaid, laid, granted 1693’, upon* 9 and impofed upon ale and beer brewed, brought in, vended, ale, &c. fold tapped and fold as aforefaid, within the said town of Edinburgh jn Edinburgh, and fuburbs and liberties thereof, (except as in the said ad is for excepted) (hall, from and after the expiration of the term by the after the ex*, said ad granted, be further continued, raifed, levied, colleded, piration of the paid and made payable to the provoft, magiftrates and council *cn“ of the said city of Edinburgh for the time being, and their fuc- ^ eeflors, for the ufe and behoof of the said town, for and during raifed, &c.un-the full term of nineteen years, and by the fame means and me- der the fame thods, and by and under fuch rules and diredions, and with penaltics* fuch exceptions, and under the fame penalties and forfeitures and powers, as are preferibed, mentioned and expreffed in the aforefaid; and that the said ad, and every article, rule, claufe, matter and thing'therein contained, shall be of full force and effed to all intents and purpofes, for raifing, colleding, fe-curing, difpofing, accounting for and levying the fame, during . the said term of nineteen years, as fully as if the fame were particularly and at large repeated and re-enaded in the body of this present ad.

II. And whereas by the said in part recited aft of the parliament of Scotland, two of the lords of fejfion, with two of the parliament-men for the Ihires of Edinburgh and Haddingtown, were to overlook and controul the management of the monies arifmg by the said aft: now for the better attaining the ends hereafter mentioned, be Overfeers ap-it further enaded. That the lords of feflion (hall, and they are pointed to hereby authorized to nominate and appoint two of their own <>verlook and number, and the barons of the Exchequer one of their num- moniM arifin ber, the (heriffs of the (hires of Edinburgh, Linlithgow and Had- by this ad, * dingtoyjn arc hereby authorized and required to fummon the beretors and freeholders of the refpedive (hires to meet annually, to the end that each (hire may eled and choose two of their number; the first of which eledions by the lords of feflion, barons of Exchequer, and by the heretors and freeholders of the (hires of Edinburgh, Linlithgow and Haddingtown, shall he made on the first Tuefday of November one thousand seven hundred and feventeen, and annually on the second Tuefday of June thereafter; and the persons fo elected and chofen, together with the representatives

Times when they (hail meet.

350	Anno	tcrtio GEORGii I. c. 5,	[1716,

in parliament for the time being for the find (hires of Edinburgh, Linlithgow and Haddingtown% are hereby impowered and authorized to overlook and controul the management of the monies to arife by this a&, to aid aud concur in the feveraj cafe who may pro- ^tcr	:	an<*cafe they shall find any mifofianagimeQt

fecute any or mifapplication of the monies arifing or to arife by thisaA,or persons for any other abufc or mifinanagement of or concerning the lame, mi (manage- they the said overfeers, or any two or more of them, may fae mcnt* and profecute the magiftrates or others concerned in the thole or mismanagement for redrefe and reparation, in the terras tod under the penalties contained in the afqresaid adt of theptrlia-ment of Scotland; and the first meeting of the said overfeers (if not fooner called together at the requeft of the roagiftrato of Edinburgh) shall be at the town-council chamber at Edifth^b% upon the second Tuefday of November one thousand seven hundred and feventeen, and they shall have power to adjourn them* Have power to fc*vcs ffom t*me t0 t*me» on$ anniverfery meeting shall bo adjourn them- had upon the third Tuefday of July yearly, for one year longer felves.	than the continuance of this adt.

III.	And be it further enadted. That at the first meeting of the said overfeers the magiftrates of Edinburgh shall lay before the said overfeers, or any three or more of them, an account of all the debts of the town, other than thofe debts provided for, and to be difeharged by the duty arifing'by the former aft of parliament, as they (land on the first day of July one thou* land seven hundred and eighteen, to be entred in a book to fe kept for that purpofe; and at the said first meeting of the over-f feers, or any. other fubfeqqent meeting, they the laid overfeers, imM^eredto w any ^rec or morc ^em* are hereby impowered aoduh make rules, thorized to make and fettle fuch rules, diredtions and by-laws, by-laws, &c. for the better management of all the different matters and things hereafter mentioned, and for controuling the fame, as to them shall appear to be neceffary, confident with this adt and the laws of Scotland.

The maei-	for as as	^ granted will rut et

ftrates, &c. of jprefent raise fuch a flock or fum of money as may be Efficient for /if Edinburgh purposes in this aft contained: be it further enacted by the autho-roayaffigntherity aforefaid. That it shall and may be lawful for the magi* curity for mo- ^ratcs anc* councfi of Edinburgh, by any writing under their neyborrowed, hands and feals, to aflign over the duty hereby granted, oranv part thereof, for any term for which the fame is hereby granted, or any part of the (aid term, as a fecurity for any fum or fums of money by them to be borrowed for the purposes in this ad mentioned, and none other; which said monies lb borrowed, mone^Oiah beanc^ a^° w^at ar*k*ky	duty,	(hall	be	applied	and

The magiftrates ot E-dinburgh to by before them an account of the debts of the town.

applied.

' difpofed of to the ufes following, viz. for renewing the water-pipes and helping the conduits which carry water to the town; for enlarging the harbour and deepning the channel of Likh\ for building a new key at Leith \ for fettling an annual fund of three hundred pounds per' annum towards employing andmain-tr.'ning the poor of Edinburgh and adjacent counties, which shall commence and grow dueaftgr tfip first fiay of July one thoufand feven
hundred and eighteen 5 for fettling a (alary upon the pro-fieffor of law in the univerlity of Edinburgh, and his fucceffors in office, not exceeding one hundred pounds per annum, to commence and grow due from and after the eleventh day of member one thousand seven hundred and feventcen; for rebuild* ing the city walls, and caufwaymg the highways leading to the city; and for building two new churches and fettling ftipcnds for the minifters \ and in aid of the deficiency of the present ordinary revenue of the town, a fum not exceeding four hundred and fifty two poupds annually: and the said magiftrates The magi-ihall, and they are hereby required to lay before the overfeers an account of all the debts contra&ed upon account or by reafon	an

of any the matters and things aforefaid, together with the agree- account of all ments, covenants and accounts relating thereunto \ which said debts con-account of debts shall be fairly entred in a book to be kept for trafted. that purpofe, and an entry shall be made yearly and every year, till the purposes in this aft are completed and fatisfied; and on the third Tuefdoy of July, which shall be in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty four, a full and perfed (fate of all the debts incurred and then grown due to the first day of July in the said year, shall be made up, and out of the monies arifing by the said impofition hereby continued, the inhered of the deb* then due from the said town shall be paid, and all the annual payments before-mentioned, together with two thousand marks Seats to two French minifters, and what shall remain shall be applied for paying off part of the capital debt, and fo be applied yearly till all the capital debt due and unfatisfied before the first day of July one thousand seven hundred and twenty three, is paid off and difeharged; and if any more monies shall arife by the impofition hereby continued, than shall be found necefiary to pay off the debts aforefaid,and difehafge the annual payments aforelaid, that fuch overplus shall Overplus, ho# be laid out and applied for carrying on fuch publick works as to be applied, shall be found neceflary for the lervice of the said town, as the fame shall be fettled and agreed to by the magiftrates and majority of the overfeers for the time being : which overfeers shall be fummoned by the magiftrates, or any three or more of them, to be present at all agreements relating to afiignments or farms made of the said impofition of two penny Scots on the pint of all ale and beer Scots meafure by this a& continued.

V. Provided, That from ana after the first day of July, which Provifo, that? shall be in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundredand *he magi-twenty three, it shall not be in the power of the magiftrates, and J^boirwr they are hereby reftrained from borrowing any monies, fo as to any money increafe the debt of the said town, during the term for which after July 1, this impofition is granted, for or upon any reafon or purpofe »7*3« whatsoever, unlefs it shall be with the content and approbation

of the majority of the overfeers hereby appointed, which con-fent shall be first had under their hands, or under the hands of three or more of them.

VI.	Provided always, and be it further enadled, That of the How the poor

number of poor to be employed and maintained out of the year-	^

ly 1

S3*

their vacancies fupplied.

Annual payments shall continue till July i, 174*.

The import- ' tion to oe railed, &c. as his Majesty's excife.

The commif-fioners shall al low the magi-Urates to take out copies of the charges.

Anno tertio Georgii I. c/5.

If fbnd of three hundred pounds intended for that’purpofe/on# fourth part of that number shall be prefented, and their cate! vacancies fupplied by the reprefentmtives in partiacnefit and tm& heretors deCfced by the freeholders of the (hire of jBdm+vrgbi and another fourth part of the number of poor to bewwptoped and maintained as aforesaid shall be prefented, and tteirvaam* cies fupplied by the representative in parliament and two hot* tors eleded by the freeholders of Haddingtown (hire. -	1

VII.	And it is hereby further enacted and declared. Tint the annual payments with which the town is chatged;by fob alt, shall continue and endure only till the first day wf which shall be in the year of our Lord one thousand /been handled and forty two, and no longer; any thing in thhadtor any other act to the contrary notwith(hinding.

VIII.	And for the further explaining the powers granted the said magiftrates of Edinburgh for their uplifting and* levying the said impofition within the town of Edinburgh and privileges thereof; be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, Thar the hid impofition be raifed, levied, colleCtea and paid in the fine way and manner as his Majesty’9 excife is raffed and levied, and the charges made by the officers of his Msgefty’s rxcife for uplifting and collecting shall be the rule for uplifting and coUe&mg the said impofition; and the commiflioners of excife in Scotland foe the time being are hereby authorised and directed to allow the said magiftrates or their collectors to take out true and exaCt copies of the said charges given up by the officers of excife upon the said brewers liable in payment of the said impofition; foe said magiftrates and town-council being always obliged to discount and allow to the brewers the fame deductions and allowances which are granted to the brewers by thecommifftonersof excife.

IX. And whereas there have been fimdry debates and disunities arifen betwixt the magifirateSy their farmersy ajjignees and coDeftorSy and the brewersy fence gauging took place in Scotland, in relation to the method of collecting the said impofition now payable by the brewersy by virtue of the aforesaid aft pajfed in the parliament of Scotland; for preventing whereof, and further explaining of the said powers, and tor avoiding of oaths, and keeping a juft equality amongft the brewers, and preventing their being overchargedin railing and levying the said impofition, for the term yet to come by the Taid act parted in Scotland ifnpofcd ; be it further enaCted How tbe ira- by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the first day of pofition shall jufy one thousand seven hundred and eighteen, thesaid impofition be afeertam d, ^	levied	and collected, conform to the charges

to be given by the officers of excife, upon the brewers liable in payment thereof 5 and the commiflioners of excife in Scot-land are hereby authorized and directed to allow copies thereof to the said magiftrates, or their afligriees, they giving the fame dedudions and allowances to the brewers as arc granted to rhfem by the said commiflioners of excife.

After July i,	X. Provided neverthelefs. That from and after the first day

17231 a ***" of July one thousand fipveo hundred ^ni twenty tUro*> all popfons

i,f i €iJ	Anno tertio Georgii I. c. 6, 7.	SS3

living m the adjacent counties, orelfewhcre, wha are not may im-:omprehended in nor fubjeftcd by this ad to the aforesaid im- an^ bwinto pofition of two penny Scots on the Scots pint of ale and beer, Edinburgh, may import their ale and beer to the said city of Edinburgh, or paying the to mny place within the privileges of the said city, they paying RtpeaUd the said duty for all the ale and beer fo imported only, at fuch iVfeft.a* time or times, and in fuch place or places, as the brewers living ' within the said town or privileges thereof are ufed and accuftom-' ed to pay the fame, fubjeft to the penalties mentioned in the said a& hereby continued, in cafe of negleding or refuting to pay the bid impofition.

XI.	And wbet/as it will be for the tuft of all fuch persons as live -in tht neighbourhood of and have commerce with Edinburgh, that they )hould, during the continuance of this att* be freed from and eafed of certain dues, paid and commonly known by the name of petty-pert customs payable at the ports of the city of Edinburgh : be it Afterth* further ena&cd, That from and after the tirft day of July one totycuftoat thousand seven hundred and twenty three, the said dues and shall ceafe. petty customs (hajl be difeontinued and ceafe, during the conti- 1 Geo.a.c.aa# nuance of this present aft, and no longer: any thing in this aft or any other aft of parliament, or any ufage or cuftom to the contrary notwithftanding*

CAP, VI*

An a ft for laying a duty of two pennies Scots, or one flxth part of a penny Continued by sterling, upon every pint of ale or beer that shall be vended or fold ioGeo«i. c*7* within the town of Dumfries, and privileges thereof, for paying the debts^Of the said town, and for building a church, and making a , harbour there.

After July i, 1717. two pennies Scots shall be laid on every Scots pint of ale aiul beer, brewed, he. in Dumfries. Provoft, &c. of Dumfries appointed truftees for the purposes in this aft. Truftees may convey the duty as a (tcurity (or money borrowed. Ale and beer not paying the duty, shall be confifcated. Differences to be determined by the King** gauge. Truftees may farm the duty.

CAP. VII.

An a£i for redeeming the yearly fund of thi South-Sea com-forty (being after the rate offix founds per centum per annum )and fettling on the said company a yearly fund, after the rate of five founds per centum per annum redeemable by parliament; and to raise for an annuity or annuities at five pounds per centum per annum, not exceeding two millions, to be employed in	the

national debts and incumbrances ; and for making the said new yearly fund and annuities to be hereafter redeemable in the time and manner thereby preferibed.

I • TV/T O S T gracious	Sovereign, whereas the capital or joint flock

iVA the governor and company of merchants of Great Britain trading'to the South-Sea9 and other parts of America, and for	t> Cm

touraging the fi/bery,	being adjufiedand fettled tofrotral

•Vul. XIII.	Z	11	6i?S

Anno tertio Georgn I. c. 7.	[*7»<•

alts of parliament in that behalf doth amount to the sum of Urn. mal-lim i and in refpeft thereof a yearly fund of fox hundred thousand pounds hath been and is payable to the said governor and company after the rate offix pounds per centum per annum, bejides a yearly Jim of eight thousand pounds for or towards the charges of the food governor and company for management, fubjecl nevertheless ta m prevtfe i Geo. 1. flat, contained in one a ft of parliament of the firjl year ofyour Mejefifs a#L'1,r	reign)	intituled,	An a£t for enlarging the capital Hock and yearly

fund of the South-Sea company, and for fupplying thereby eight hundred twenty two thoufana thirty two pounds four £biQings and eight pence to oublick ufes; and for railing one hundred sixty nine thousand pounds for the like ufes, by fale of an* nuities upon divers encouragements therein mentioned; and for appropriating several fupphes granted to his Majesty, whereby the said yearly fums of fix hundred thousand pounds* and eight thousand pounds were redeemable upon one year's notice, which was to be given after the twenty fifth day <?/* December one thousand /even hundred andfixtecn, and upon payment as well of the said fum of ten millions, as of all arrears of the said yearly fums, in Juch manner and form as in the said provijo of redemption are preferibed: and whereas the j'aid governor and company of merchants of Great Britain er* willing and contented, in regard the common rate of intertfo for money is very much lejjened under your Majefofs mof aufpicious government, to accept from and after the feajl of the nativity of Saint John Jfdp-tift one thousand seven hundred and eighteen, one annuity or yearly 4	fund	of five hundred thousand pounds, being after the rate of five

pounds per centum per annum for the said ten millions* together with the said yearly fum of eight thousand pounds to be continued to them for management, fo as they may be fatisfied the said yearly foamy of fix hundred thousand pounds and eight thousand pounds, until and for the quarter to end at the said feajl of the nativity of Saint John Baptift one thoufandfeven hundred and eighteen % and Jo as the future payments of the Jaid yearly fums of five hundred thoujandpoi^nas*, find *	eight	thoufand	pounds,	may be fecured to them from the Jaid feaft day*

until the redemption thereof according to the tenor and true meaning of this present alt: now we your Majesty’s mpft dutiful and. loyal fubjetfts, the commons of Great Britain in parliament af-fembled, being defirous to eafe the present burden of dcbtjsand incumbrances, and in due time the heavy taxes lying upon*this kingdom, fo far as is confident with honour, justice and equity, Sooth-Sea	mo^	hefeech	your	Majesty	that it may be ena&ea; and

company to be I* it enacted by the King’s raoft excellent majefty, by and with paid io the first the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal apd place, all mo- commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by authority crow due on° ^ie ^ame> That the said governor and company of merchants of >4 June 1718, Great Britain trading to the South-Seas, and other parts of Anu-on the yearly rica, and for encouraging the fifhery, or their facceflbrs, fundof4oo, fhajj be fully fatisfied, contented and paid in the firlt place, all fuch monies as are due and unpaid, or at any time or times on or before the said feaft of the nativity of Saint John, Baptift one thousand seven hundred and eighteen inclufivetyj shall grpw due 6	and

tp6\J	Anno tertio GeoRGif I. c. 7;	335

and Tetna’m xinpaid, or be in arrear to them, for or upon {he said yearly fund of fix hundred thousand pounds, and the said yearly fum of eight thousand pounds, and either of them, out of tbe several revenues charged therewith, or byfuch other ways and means as by any former aft or afts of parliament are provided or prefcribed in that behalf.

II.	And it is hereby enafted. That from and after the laid And after-feaft of the nativity of Saint John Baptift one thousand seven wards the hundred and eighteen, ail payments of or upon the said yearly to>»0001- P*r fund of fix hundred thousand pounds, which from thenceforth^^11 0 (hould dr might grow due or payable, shall eeafe and determine.

III.	And be it further enafted by the authority afotefaid. Company to

That the said governor and company of merchants of Great	^ Ycar-

Britain, and their fucceflors, (fubjeft neverthelefs to the pro-^^^^ vHo of redemption hereafter in this aft contained in this behalf, gooo I. out of and none other) shall have, receive and enjoy, and be entitled the duties

by force and virtue of this aft, to have, receive and enjoy the 9 Ann. c. si, said yearly fund or fum of five hundred thousand pounds, and the said yearly fum of eight thousand pounds, which annual or yearly futns shall be and are hereby charged upon, and shall be paid and payable, from time to time, out of all and every the duties, impofitions, additional impofitions and revenues, and all proportional parts of them, or any of them whatfoever, which by an aft made in the ninth year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An aft far making good deficiencies, and fotisfymg the publick debts j and for erecting a corporation tat carry on a trade to the South-Seas, and for the encouragement of the ft/bery, and for liberty to trade in unwrought iron with the fubjefts of Spain \ and to repeal the afts for regijlring of feamen, or by any other aft * or afts pf parliament, or any clause or claufes contained in any aft or afts of parliament now in force were charged or chargeable with the said former yearly fund of fix hundred thousand pounds, and the said former yearly fum of eight thousand pounds, and either of them, or any part thereof j and Avail be paid and payable to the said governor and company of merchants of Great Britain, and their fucceflors for ever, at the four moft ufual feafts or days of payment in the year, that is to fay, the feaft of Saint Michael the archangel, tne birth of our Payable quaf* Lord Chrift, the annunciation of the blefled Virgin Mary, and tcr,y* the nativity of Saint John Baptift, by even and equal portions; the first payment thereof to be made at the feaft of Saint Michael Firftpayment thearchangel in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hun- at Mtch*1/1** dred and eighteen; and that all the payments thereof shall be made out of the duties, impofitions, additional impofitions, revenues and proportional parts before-mentioned, with preference to all payments hereafter to be charged thereupon (the monies'of the said yearly fund of fix hundred thousand pounds, and of the said yearly fum of eight thousand pounds, which are or shall be due or in arrear at or before the laid feaft of the nativity of Saint John Baptift one thousand fcyen hundred and eighteen, always excepted and foceprized).

IV. And

336	Anno	tertio	GeoRgii	I.	c.	7.	£ 1716.

IV* And whereas the said governor and company of merchants of Great Britain, to manifejl their zeal for the publick service, by futnijhing money towards lejfening the said national debts and incumbrance sy have propofed to advance to his Majejly any further fum or fums of money, not exceeding two millions, at Juch times and by fuch proportions at a time, as tpe commijftoners of his Majefy's treafitry, or any three or more of them now being, or the high-treafurer, or any three or more of the commijftoners of the trcafury for the time being, Jhall call for the fame, to be employedfor or towards the difchargtng or lejjening the said national debts and incumbrances; fo as fuch calls do not exceed in the whole the sum of two millions, and be all made on or before the twenty fourth day ^December one thoufcmdfeven hundred and feventeen; and fo as the said governor and company of merchants of Great Britain be not required at any one time to advance more than one fourth part of the said fum, and have fourteen days time at leaf for advancing each part of the fame, which Jbdll be called for , Jo as that for every fum fo to be advancedfor or upon account •	of the said fum not exceeding two millions, the said governor and com-

pany of merchants 0/Great Britain may have an annuity or fum after the rate offive pounds per centum per annum, to commence from the time or rejpeftive times of advancing the fame, and to continue until the redemption of fuch annuity or annuities, according to the tenor of this present all in that behalf: now his Majesty’s said dutiful and loyal fubjedts the commons of Great Britain in parEa-ment aflembled, in further profecution of their defires to have the national debts and incumbrances leflened, do further hum-South-Sea bly befeech his Majesty, That it may be enadted, and be it en-company to adted by the authority aforefaid, That the said governor and thcExche^er ComPany merchants of Great Britain, and their fucceflbrs, fuch fums1 as (hall* and they are hereby enjoined and required to advance the treasury and pay into the receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, to be lero-fball call for, ployed for the purposes aforefaid, fuch fum and fums of money, % ockTooo^11^ not exceecling the whole the sum of two millions, at fuch before 24Dec. times and by fuch proportions at a time, as the commiflioners

1717.	of the treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the

5 Geo. 1. c. 3. high treafurer, or any three or more of the commiflioners of the treasury for the time being, (hall, by any writing or writings under nis or their bands, to be delivered at the publick office of Ho call at one the said governor and company in London, call for and require; time for more fo as all fuch calls be made on or before the twenty fourth day of than one December one thousand seven hundred and feventeen; and fo as andf Todays they not required at any one time to advance more than one notice. fourth part of the said fum, and have fourteen days time between each payment, and after the delivery of every fuch writing for Company not advancing of every fuch part as aforefaid; and in cafe the said paying may be governor and company of merchants of Great Britain shall make iued.	failure in any the said payments of monies fo to be advanced,

the money whereof fuch failure in payment shall be made, shall and may be recovered in his Majesty’s name for the ufes and purposes aforefaid, by action of debt or upon the cafe, bill, foit or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at Wcflrnn-

l 716*]	Anno tertio Georgii I. c.7.	337

yiherein no efloin, protccSion, wager of law, or more than me imparlance shall be granted or allowed; in which action,	1

>ill, fuit or information it shall be lawful to declare,.That the aid governor and company of merchants of Great Britain are indebted to his Majesty the monies whereof they shall have nade default in payment, according to the form ot this ftatute, md have not paid the fame, which shall be fufficient; and in md upon fuch adion, fuit, bill or information there shall be ~urther recovered to his Majesty’s ufe, againft the said governor and company of merchants of Great Britain, damages after the rate of ten pounds per centum per annum for the monies fo unpaid contrary to this ad, befides full cofts of fuit; and the said governor and company of merchants of Great Britain, and their fucceffors, and their capital (locks and funds, shall be and are hereby made fubjed and liable thereunto,

V. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That Company to the said governor and company of merchants of Great Britain, have 5.1- P5r and their fucceflors, for every fura which they shall advance for or in part of the said fum of two millions, shall have, receive ^vance. ** and enjoy, and be entitled, by force and virtue ofthis ad, tohave, receive and enjoy an annuity after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum for ever, fubjed neverthelefs to the provifo of redemption herein after contained in that behalf; and that every fuch annuity after the rate of five pounds per centum per an-num for the money fo to be advanced, shall be charged upon, and shall be paid and payable, from time to time, out or the monies which (hall, from time to time, arife by the aforesaid duties, impofitions, additional impofitions and revenues, and all proportional parts of them, and every or any of them, over and above fo much as shall be fufficient to pay off and fatisfy all the monies which shall at anv time or times be grown due and incurred for or upon the said yearly fums of fix hundred thousand pounds, and eight thousand pounds, until and for the quarter which shall end upon the feaft-day of the nativity of Saint John Baptifl one thousand seven hundred and eighteen; and from thenceforth for or upon the said yearly fund of five hundred thousand pounds, and for and upon the said yearly fum of eight thousand pounds, and either of them ; and that luch annuity or annuities for fuch monies fo to be advanced shall be paid and payable to the said governor and company of merchants of Great Britain, and their Jucceflbrs, in manner following, that is to (ay, the first payment or payments of fuch new annuity or Times c ' annuities, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, ment.

(hall be computed by the day, and fatisfied from the day or re-fpe&ive days on which the said two millions, or any part or

)>arts thereof, shall be advanced as aforefaid, until the quarter-y feaft-day or refpeeflive quarterly feaft-days then next enfuing; and from thenceforth the fame new annuity or annuities of five pounds per centum per annum shall be paid and payable at the four mod ufual feafts or days of payment in the year before-mentioned, by even and equal portions.

Z3	VI.	And

Anno tertio GeoRgii 1 c. 7. [1716.

free from taxes.

All the aniro- VI. And it is hereby enacted by the authority aforefaid, Tint al funis and as Well tfic annua{ fond 0f five hundred thoufandpounds, an?t?ea[pi- an<*	annual	fom	°f	eight	thousand	pounds, and the (aid

tal ftock, to be annuity or annuities after the rate of Jive pounds per centum per annum, payable for the fame two millions, or fo much tbereof as shall be advanced and paid by this a<5t as aforefaid, as alio all arrearages of the (aid yearly fund of fix hundred thousand pounds, and of the said annual fum of eight thousand pounds, and every of them, and the capital ftock or ftocks which the said governor and company have or are to have in refpeA tliereof, and foch additional ftock in money as they shall call in from their members for carrying on their trade, shall be at all times hereafter freed and exempt from all taxes, charges and pubhclc impactions whatfoever, charged or to be charged thereupon by authority of parliament or otherwise ; any law or ftatute made or to be made to the contrary notwithftanding.

Capital ftock	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That the

Accf a pcrfonal	capital ftock of ten millions, and fo much as is due or (hall

eftate, grow due'for or upon the said yearly fum of fix hundred thousand pounds, to be paid until and tor the quarter to end at the said feaft of the nativity of Saint John Baptijt one thousand seven hundred and eighteen; and the laid yearly fums of live hundred thousand pounds, and eight thousand pounds, to be continued Us aforesaid $ and the said two millions, or fuch part thereof as shall be advanced, and the said annuity or annuities after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, payable or to be paid tor the fame to the said governor and company of merchants of Great Britain, and their fucceffors, and the (hare and interest of each and every particular member of and in the said capital flocks and funds, and every of them, shall be, and be adjudged, taken and accepted in conftrudlion of law and in all courts of law .and equity whatfoever, to be a pcrfonal and not a real eftate, and shall go to the executors or admmiftrators of the per-fon or persons dying poflefled thereof, interefted therein or entitled thereunto, ana not to the heirs of fuch person or perfonr; and not liable an<* shall not be liable to any foreign attachments by thecuftom to foreign at- of the city of London or otherwise ; and that no governor, fub-tachments. governor, deputy-governor or member of the said company, by difable^fiom rca^on °f bis being a member of the said Company, or of any ftrving in par- matter or thing in this act contained, be now or at any time ]iamei\t, or li- hereafter difabled frtim being or continuing, or from being elfcft-able to bank- ed or ferving as a member of parliament; nor shall be or be adjudged liable to be a bankrupt within the intent and meaning of ill or any the ftatutes made againft or concerning bankrupts $ any law, cuftom or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

VIII.	And for the better and more regular payment of all the monies intended by this a<5t to be paid to the said governor artd

ruptcy.

Standing orders to be

made torth for company 0f merchants of Great Britain, and their fiicceflbrs, tiw.C amim* (fubjedl neverthelefs to fuch redemption as aforefaid) an order or orders shall be figned by the commissioners of the treafory, or any three or more of them now being, or by the high treafurer, vr any three or more of the commissioners of the treafory for

the





Anno tertio Georgn I. c. 7.	$39

~ tfc<5 time being; and after figning thereof the fame shall be firm, good, valid and effeftual in the law, according to the purport and tiruc meaning thereof, and of this aft, and shall not be determinable by or upon the deaths or removal of any conmiffioner or comibtffioners of the treasury or high treasurer for the time being, or by or upon the determination of the power, office and offices of them, or any of them, nor shall any commiflioners of the treafary, or high treasurer or under-treafurer for the time being, have power to revoke, countermand or make void fuch order or orders fo figned as aforefaid.

IX.	And for the more fpeedy payment of the monies which Orders to bo shall be due or payable thereupon, it is hereby declared and en- made forth a&ed, That weekly or otherwife, as monies of the said duties, ^rkly impositions, revenues and proportional parts, or any of them, c aniuu~ applicable to the payment of the said yearly funds, annuities or

fums of money, or any of them, payable to the (aid governor and company as aforefaid, (hall, from time to time, be brought into the receipt of the Exchequer for payment thereof, fuch monies shall and may be iflued upon fuch order and orders for or towards difeharging the said yearly funds, annuities and fums of money to grow due for or at the end of the quarter of the year in which fuch iiTues or payments shall be made, fo as fuch weekly or other fpeedy payments do not exceed the sum of the quarterly payment which shall grow due for or at the end of fiich quarter refpeftively.

X.	And for better fecuring to the (aid governor and compa- Former duties ny of merchants of Great Britain, and their fucceffors, all the continued, payments intended to be made to them by virtue or in purfu-

ance of this aft, it is hereby enafted by the authority aforefaid.

That all and every the rates, fubfidies, impofitions, additional impofitions and other duties and revenues whatfoever, and all proportional parts of them, or any of them, which were applicable to the payment and fatisfaftion of the said yearly fund of fix hundred thousand pounds, and the said former yearly fum of eight thousand pounds, during the continuance thereof, are and ihall be continued and be payable to his Majesty, his heirs and foccefibrs, for ever, for fatistying and difeharging as well the said yearly fond of fix hundred thousand pounds, and the said former yearly fum of eight thousand pounds, and all arrearages of them, which are or shall be due at or before the said feaft of the nativity of Saint John Bapttft one thousand seven hundred and eighteen as aforefcrid, as alfo the said yearly fond of five hundred thousand pounds, and the said yearly fum of eight thousand pounds hereafter to be paid, ana all and every fuch new annuity and annuities, after the rate of five pounds per cen~ turn per annwny for the said fum of two millions, or fo much thereof as shall be advanced upon this aft, and every of them, in the order, manner and form before in this aft preferibed in that behalf, and fubjeft to fuch redemption as aforefaid, accord- fubpft to re-' ing to the tenor and true meaning of this aft; and that the demption,and fame rates, fubfidies, impofitions and other duties, revenues to be raised at and proportional parts before-mentioned, and every of them, forraof

Z 4	^	(hall	9

VjOOQIC

and to be en-tred in a book in the Exchequer.

Thtfe duties appropriated for the ules of this aft.

Penalty on officers of the Exchequer diverting, &c. the pionici.

. Anno terfio Georg ti I. c. 7.	f *7*^

ihall be raifed, levied, collefted and brought irtfd the-Exchequer in England iox the fame purpofes, by and according to fuch rules, methods and directions, and with fuch drawbacks, repayments and allowances, and under fuch penalties, forfeiture* and disabilities, as are preferibed by any aft or ads of parliament now in force, or by any articles, claufes, matter* or things therein contained or thereby referred unto for raifing, levying, collecting or bringing in of the fame, as fully ^nd effectually as if the fame ads, articles, claufes, matters ahd thing*, and every of them, were repeated and re-enaded in the body of this present ad ; and that all the monies which shall be brought into the receipt of the Exchequer of the said rates; fobfidtes, im-pofitions, additional impofitions and other duties and revenues, and all proportional parts of thdm, for the purposes aforefcud, shall be fairly and diftindly entred and regiftred in one or more book or books to be kept in the offices of the auditor of the receipt and clerk of the pells, feverally for that purpofe, to which all persons concerned,'at all feafonable times, shall have free ac-cefs without fee or charge.

XI.	And it is hereby alfo enaded. That all the monies of the said rates, fubfidies, impofitions and other duties and revenues gnd proportional parts of them, or any of them, which shall or ought to be brought into the receipt of the Exchequer for the purposes aforefaid, (except the necessary charges of railing, coU kding, levying, ifluing, paying and accounting for the lame, and except fuch part thereof as by any former ad of parliament is applicable to the repayment or loans ftill remaining unlatched, and to pay the interest of the fame) (ball be and are hereby appropriated, and shall be ifiued and applied to and for the payment and fatisfadion of the said yearly fund of fix hundred thonl-(and pounds, and of the said former yearly fum of eight thou-fand pounds, due or to grow due at or before the said feaft of the nativity of Saint John Baptift one thousand seven hundred and eighteen, and to and for the payment and fatisfadion of the said yearly fund of five hundred thousand pounds, from and after the said feaft of the nativity of Saint John Baptijl one thoo-farid seven hundred and eighteen, and the said growing yearly fum of eight thousand pounds, and to and for the payment of the said annuities after the rate of five pounds per centum per a*~ pum, hereafter to be acquired by virtue of this ad, ahd every of them, in their due method and"order before preferibed, according to the tenor and true meaning of this ad, and without any fee or charge whatfoever to be paid by the said governor and company for the fame, or any part thereof, but fubjed to fuch redemption as is herein after preferibed, and to none other ufe, intent or purpofe whatfoever ; and that the refpeftive officer*of the Exchequ<£, who shall make any delay in ifiuiqg or paying the fame, 6r (halj be guilty of diverting or mifapplying any the said monies contrary to this ad, for any fuch offepce shall be forejudged from their refpedive offices or places, and be rendred incapable to serve his Majesty, his heirs or fucceflbrs, in any office or imployment of truft or profit yvhatfoeyer, and shall alfo

fee

34i

*7i&] Anno tertfo Georgii I. c. 7.

Jbe liable to'pay double the value of any fum or fums of money lo delayed to be paid, or fo diverted or mifapplied as aforefaid, to the laid governor and company of merchants of Great Britain, and their fucceffors ^ to be recovered by adion of debt, bill, fuit or information in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at Wejl-minjler, wherein no effoin, protection or wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be granted or allowed.

XII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Deficiency of That if at any time or, times the produce of the said rates, fub- one quarter to iidles, impofitions, duties and revenues and proportional paFts be fupplied of them, or any of them, hereby appropriated as aforefaid, shall ^cn^quar-be fo low or deficient, as that the money arifing thereby at the tcq q Exchequer shall not extend orbe fufficient, according to this ad,

to pay and difeharge, or to complete the payment at the end of may quarter of a year of all the money which shall be then due, as weH for or upon the said yearly fund of five hundred thousand pounds, and the said yearly fum of eight thousand pounds, (be-(ides any arrearages which mall be then due for or upon the said former yearly fums of fix hundred thousand pounds, and eight thousand pounds) then and fo often, and in every fuch cafe, the deficiency of any fuch quarter shall and may be fupplied out of the overplus monies of the said duties ana revenues arifing in any fubfequent quarter; and in default thereof by the fpace of and in default half a year, then all and every fuch deficiency and deficiencies *or shall he fupplied and made good, from time to time, by or out thento^efup-of.the general yearly fund by another ad of this feflion of parli- plied out of the ament eftablilhed or intended to be eftablifhed for redeeming the general fund duties and revenues now charged or chargeable in and by several lottery-ads of the ninth and tenth, years of her said late Maje- *	10n*

fly’s reign, and certain annual payments out of the hereditary jGeo.i. c.7. excife in the said ad of this feflion mentioned, or out of money 9 Ann. c* to be raised at the Exchequer for purchafing an annuity or an- *°Ann. c.19. nuities, after a rate not exceeding five pounds per centum per annum for every fuch deficiency j which annuity or annuities (hall, by virtue of this ad, be charged on the said general yearly fund, and be payable and transferable at the bank of England, as other annuities'payable out of the said general yearly fund are intended by the said other ad of this feflion to be payable and tranf-ferrable, until the redemption thereof by parliament.

XIII.	Provided always, and it is hereby enaded by the au- The thority aforefaid, That the fiud fum of two millions, or fo much 5,000,000 1. to thereof as shall be called for and be adually advanced and paid be applied to by the (aid governor and company into the receipt of the Exche- ^c^a^aiid quer in puriuance of this a<3, shall be iflued, applied and difpof- fnterel^on the ed towards the paying off and difeharging the principal monies four lottery-and interest after the rate of fix pounds per centum per annum, funds, 9 & 10 now payable by the said lottery-ads, towards redeeming the fe- Ann. and veral duties and revenues now chargeable therewith, and to- 11111111 ies* wards the redeeming of the said annual payments out of the hereditary excife, and to none other ufe, intent or purpofe what-

foever; and that all and every deficiency and deficiencies of the /^\\ deficicn-(aid qevy annuity or annuities, after the rate of five pounds per ciesofthcnew

' centum 

342	'	Anno	tertio	GeoroiI	I.	c.7.	;	[1716.

annuities to centum per annum, payable to the said governor and company by <mt™fdtoe°^ virtue of this ad, shall be fupplied and made good, from time nera? fund2* time, when and as often as any fuch deficiency or defieicn-&c.	*	cies shall appear, out of the said general fund by the said other

3	Geo. t. c. 7. aft of this feflion of parliament eftablifhed or intended to be eftablilhed as aforefeid, or out of the money to be railed at die Exchequer for purchafing an annuity or annuities after a rate not exceeding five pounds per centum per annum for every fitch deficiency; which annuity or. annuities (hall, by virtue of this id, be cnarged on the said general yearly fund, and be payable and transferable at the bank of England, a9 other annuities payable out of the laid general yearly fund are intended by the fud other ad of this feflion to be payable and transferable, utitU the .	redemption	thereof	by	parliament.

The furplus of XIV. Provided also, and it is hereby further enaded by the the said duties authority aforefaid, That if at any time or times at the rad of ddbofeable by any quarter of a year (reckoning fne quarters to end at the ufual ^See ™Geo!\. feafts above-mentioned) there mall be an excels or furplus of c. 3. fed. 1. * the monies brought into the Exchequer of the said rates, duties, impofitions and revenues and proportional parts of them, or any of them, and fuCh excefs or furplus lhall remain there, over and abdve the money then or before that time grown. due, by or in purfuance of this ad, for arrearages of the said yearly fund of fix hundred thousand pounds, and of the said former yearly fum of eight thousand pounds, and for the said fimd of five hundred thousand pounds per annum, and the said growing annuity of eight thousand pounds per annum, and for the (aid new aunt-ity or annuities, after the rate of five pounds per centum per an-num, to be payable upon this aft and every of them, then and fo often, and in every fuch cafe, fuch excefs or (urplus fhall, from time to time, attend the difpofition of parliament, and be I applied according to a& or ads of parliament in that behalf, and not otherwife; any thing herein contained to the contrary not-withftanding.

Company may XV. And for better enabling the said governor and company call in money of merchants of Great Britain, and their fuccefibrs, to mife roo-from their	ney to be advanced for or in part of the said fum of two miltioas,

members.	or for carrying on their trade and other neceflary occasions: it is

hereby enaded bv the authority aforefaid, That it lhall and may be lawful to and for the said governor and company of merchants of Great Britain, and their iucceflors from time to time, as they shall fee caufe, to call in, or dired to be paid from and by their refpedive members for the time being, proportionally according to their refpedive interest in the capital ftock or (locks which do or lhall belong to the said governor and company of merchants of Great Britain, or by opening their books of fubfcrip-tion, or by granting annuities redeemable by the said governor and company, and their fucceffors, or by any other method, ways and means as they fnall think proper, to raise any Aim or fums of money, as in a general court of the said governor and company lhall be judged neceflary, and ordered to be called in; and that all executors, adnuniftrators, guardians and tmftees

(hall

1716.] Anno terdo Georgii I. a. 7.	343

(hall be indemnified in paying the money which shall be fo called in; and m cafe any fuch member or members shall refute or Members not negleCk to pay his, her or their (hare of the said money fo call- paying their td for, at the time or times appointed for that purpofe, by no-tice inferted in the London Gazette, and fixed upon the Royal Ex- flieir dm- P xbange in London* it shall and may be lawful to arid for the said dends, &c. governor and company of merchants of Great Britain, and their focceflbrs, not only to-flop the (hare, dividend, annuity and profits, which shall from time to time become payable to fuch member or members fo neglecting or refufrng, of the funds, ftocks, annuities or profits of the said governor and company of merchants of Great Britain, and to apply the fame from time to time for or towards payment of the (hare of the money fo called for, and which ought to have been paid by fuch member or members fo neglecting or refufrng, until the fame shall be fatif-fied, but alfo (top the transfers or affignments of the (hare of every filch defaulter, and to charge fuch defaulter and defaulters with an interest after the rate of ten pounds per centum per annum* for the money fo by him, her or them omitted to be paid, until the payment thereof; and that the (hare and (lock, (hares and (locks of fuch defaulter arid defaulters shall be liable to make good and anfwer the said moriies fo appointed to be paid, and the interest thereof as aforesaid ; and in cafe the principal and Intereft as aforesaid shall be unpaid by the fpace of three months, theft the said governor and company of merchants of Great Britain* or their fucceffors, shall have power to fell fo much of the ftock or ftocks of fuch defaulter or defaulters as will fatisfy and pay the fame, rendring the overplus to the proprietor, if any be; and the said governor and company of merchants of Great Britain, or their fucceffors, in a general court, from time to time, when they shall judge their affairs Will admit thereof, shall or may caufe any fum or Aims of money which shall be fo called in, or any part thereof, to be divided and diftributed to and amongft the then members of that corporation, according iand in proportion to their refpeCtive interest in the capital ftock or ftocks of the lame; any former law of ftatute, reftri&ion or other matter or thing whatfoever to the contrary notwithftanding.

XVI.	And for better enabling the said governor and compa- Company may tiy of merchants of Great Britain to raise money to be advanced for or in part of the said fum of two millions, or for carrying on common feal, their trade or other necessary occafions; it is alfo hereby enadt-ed by the authority aforefaid. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said governor and company of merchants of Great Britain, and their fucceflors, from time to time (in cafe they shall fo think fit) to borrow or take up money upon any contracts, bills, bonds or obligations, under their common feal or upon creditof their capital ftock or ftocks, or any part thereof, at filch rate or rates of intereft, for any time not lefs than fix at fuch jnte„ months from the borrowing thereof, as they shall think fit, and reft, and for to give fecurity under their common leaf, or by afligning or any time not transferring their ftock or ftocks, or any part thereof, or other-tl!tn "wife, as shall be to the fatisfadlion of the lenders refpcdiively:

and think it.

Securities not to be (tamped.

The money to be advanced to be deemed an additional flock.

and transfer-rable and de-vifeable as the original flock.

Company to continue a corporation,

and enjoy their annuities, Sec. till redeemedj

and their fac tones, trades and acquifj-tions.

Anno tertio Georgu I. c. 7.	£1716.

and that ftsch contracts* bills, bonds, obligations oc ferarides shall not be chargeable with any the duties upon (larapt veHom, parchment or paper; any former law, ftatute, prohibition, re-flridion or otlier matter or thing whatfoever 10 the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

XVII.	And it is hereby enabled by the authority aforefaid, That fo much money as shall be called for by the said governor and company of merchants of Great Britain from their reipec-tive members, for or in part of the said (urn of two millions, (hall

iif the said governor and company think proper), be and be eemed an additional (lock of the (aid governor and company, and shall be written into the books of the said company, and each member thereof shall have credit in the said books tor his or her proportion or (hare thereof; and that the members of the said company, who shall have a (hare or interell in the dock or additional (lock of the said company, dial) or may afCgn and transfer the fame in the books of the said company, in iuchor the like method, manner and form, as are prescribed by the ad or ads of parliament and charter now in force for adignmenU or transfers of original dock to be made in the books ot the (aid company, or shall or may difpofe or devife the fame, or any part thereof, by will, in fuch manner and form as any (hare in the original dock of the said company is devifeable.

XVIII.	And it is hereby declared and enabled by the authority aforefaid. That the said governor and company of merchants of Great Britain, and their fucceflbrs for ever, (had remain, continue and be one body corporate and politick by the name above-mentioned, and shall have, hold, receive and enjoy the laid yearly fum of fix hundred thousand pounds, until and for the quarter to end at the feaft of the nativity of Saint John Baptiftotte thousand seven hundred and eighteen as aforefaid, and the (aid yearly fum of five hundred thousand pounds, and eight thousand pounds, and the said annuity or annuities after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum% until the fame refpedively .(hall be redeemed according to this ad; and shall have, hold and enjoy all their forts, factories, acquifitions, lands, tenements, hereditaments, foie benefit and trade in and to the£w/£-SeaSy and elfewhere, with a perpetual fucceflion, and all abilities, capacities, powers, authorities, franchifes, exemptions, privileges, profits and advantages whatfoever, whereunto the laid governor and company are, or before the making of this ad were entitled by any aa or ads of parliament, grant or charter now in force; all which are by this ad ratified and confirm* ed to them and their fucceflbrs (the said former fund of fix hundred thousand pounds per annum, which by this ad is to determine at the feaft of the nativity of Saint John Baptiji one thousand seven hundred and eighteen, as aforelaid, only excepted) freed and difeharged of and from all former provifoe$, powers, ads, matters and things whatfoever, for redeeming, determining, or making void the fame, or any of them, fu^ed ne-verthelefs to the several and refpedive provifoes and powers of redemption hereafter in this ad contained.

1716.]	Anno	tcrtio	Georgii	I.	c.	7.

345

XIX.	provided always, and it is hereby enafted by the au- On repayment thority aforefaid, That at any time upon repayment by parlia- °f i*ooo>oo©l. ment to the said governor ana company of merchants of Great ccafe!t,CS ° Britain, or their fucceflors, of the said fum of two millions, or

fo much thereof as shall be called for and advanced, as aforefaid, without any difcount, deduftion or abatement whatfoever to be made out of the fame, or any part thereof, and of all arrears of fuch annuity or annuities, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum payable for the fame, if any fuch arrears shall be then due, then and not till then, the fame annuity or Annuities after the rate of five pounds per centum per anmum, shall front thenceforth ceafe and determine; this present aft, or any claufe, matter dr thing therein contained to the contrary notwith-ftanding.

XX.	Provided also, and it is hereby enafted by the authori- On one ysart ty aforefaid. That Upon one year’s notice to be given by autho- !?°tlce at nty of parliament, at the feaft of the nativity of Saint John Bap- and^cMyV tijl which shall be in the year of our Lord one thousand seven ment ot r hundred and twenty three, or at any of the said quarterly feaft 10,000,0001. days, after the said Feaft of the nativity of Saint John Bapttji one fums to thousand feVen hundred and twenty three, and upon repaymentcca e*

by parliament to the said governor and company of merchants of Great Britain, or their fucceflors* of the said fum of ten millions according to fuch notice, without deduftion, difcount or abatement whatfoever to be made out of the fame, or any part thereof, and upon payment of all arrears of the said yearly fums of five hundred thousand pounds and eight thousand pounds per annum, if any fuch shall be then due, then the said yearly fums of five hundred thousand pounds, and eight thousand pounds,

(hall from thenceforth ceafe and determine.	f

XXI.	And in regard it is intended, That after the twenty fourth ^	**

day of June one thousand seven hundred and twen'y-three, the faidm Cnt of any principal fum of ten millions due to the said governor and company, fum not lei* may be fatisfied by any payments not being left than one million of law- than . ful money of Great Britain at a time \ and that as the fame princi-

pat monies /hall be paid off, the said yearly fum offive hundred thou- part of the fond pounds Jhall from time to time proportionally fink and be abated j 10,000,000 I. be it therefore further provided and enafted by the authority a-forefaid, That if at any time or times at or after the said twenty-fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty three, notice shall be given by authority of parliament for redemption of the said yearly fums of five hundred thousand pounds, and eight fhouland pounds, by this aft payable, as aforesaid ; and if payment according to fuch notice be made by parliament to the said governor and company of merchants of Great Britain, or their fucceflors, of any fum or fums of money (not being lef9 than one million at a time) in part of the said futnx>f ten millions; and alfo if payment be made of all arrearages then duetp them of the said yearly fums of five hundred thousand pounds* and eight thousand pounds, or fo much of thole arrearages as shall bear a proportion to the principal monies, from time to time remaining unfatisfied, being computed by the day, umtf

34$	Anno	tertio	Gborgh	I.	C. 7.	[171^

then fo much the timfe of every fuch payment of part of the principal rrfpee-thC yCflian tlYC^y» t*1€n ^rom ant* a^er evcpy fwch payment fo made to the beaxpropor- governor and company, and their fuccefiors, fo much of the tion to the said yearly fum of five hundred thousand pounds, as shall bear monies paid in proportion to the monies fo paid in pan of the said principal, part of the fogy ceafc anc| determine and be abated ; any thing in this or ceafe.1** * l> 1 fanner aft or ads of parliament contained, or other matter or thine whatfoever to the contrary notwithftanding.

Afterredemp- XXII. Provided also, and it is hereby farther enaded bp the tion, the du- authority aforefaid. That from and after the redemption of all deritood to be l^e ^7 fums °f five hundred thousand pounds, eight redeemed by thousand pounds, and the said other annuity or annuities alter parliament, the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, by payments to be made according to the several and refpedive provifoes or conditions of redemption in this ad contained of or' concerning the fame, then and not till then, the said duties, impofitiona* additional impofitions and revenues, and all proportional partsof them, or any of them, shall be understood to be redeemed by parliament, and shall not be ifTued, paid or applied to any ufc, intent or purpofe whatfoever without authority of parliament; But the cor- neverthelefs the said corporation, by the name aforefaid, after porationto fuch redemption of the said yearly funds, annuities or other an-tur nual payments, shall continue for ever, and have perpetual fac-ceflion, and ihall hold and enjoy all forts, fadories and acquifi-tions that they have ereded, eftablifhed or made, or (haH ered, eftablifh or make within the limits preferibed by the charter or charters to them granted, and the lands, tenements and hereditaments that are or shall be by them purchased in Great Britain not exceeding one thousand pounds per amium; and the (aid governor and company, and the members thereof, without having any fhare or interest in the said yearly funds, payments or annuities, or any of them, after the fame shall be redeemed, lhali have and be entitled to the foie benefit of trade in and to the South-Seas and clfewhere, and fuch power of trade in the fifhery* as by any ad or ads of parliament now in force is directed, and all other benefits, powers, privileges and advantages (the said re-fpedive annuities to them iffuing or payable only excepted) as it no fuch redemption were had or made *, any thing in this act contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

All thing* by XXIII; And it is hereby declared and enabled by the autho-any former rity aforefaid, That all and every the abilities, capacities, pow-ter! °rantcd crs’ authorities, exemptions, franchifes, privileges, profits and tocondnue * advantages whatfoever, and all pains of death, and other penal-tor ever. ties, forfeitures and difabilities, and all rules, diredions, methods, articles, matters and things whatfoever, which by any former ad or ads of parliament, or any clause or claufes therein, or any charter or charters under the great feal of Great Britain, are enacted, granted or eftablifhed, to, for, touching or concerning the (kid corporation of the governor and cGfenpanrqf, merchants of Great Britain trading to the South-Seat and oraAr parts of America, and for encouraging the fifhory, or the mem* bars qf th$ £uae (b$ing in force 9T yttfii foe time of makmg

this

716,3	Anno	tertio Geokgii I. C. 8.	347

ns aft, and not hereby determined or altered) shall for ever ontinue and be praftifed, and be put in execution for fecuring ad paying the yearly fund, annuities and payments by this aft irefted, ra bjeft to the provifoes for redemption thereof in this ft contained, and alfo (as.well after fuch redemption as before) x fecuring the pofleffions, trade and bufinds of the Cud corpo-ation, and for their advantage in all rcfpcfts, as folly and ef- . eftually to all intents and purpofes, as it the said abilities, ca- . ucities, powers, authorities, exemptions, franchifes, privileges,

>rofits and advantages, and the (aid pains of death, and other >enalties, forfeitures and disabilities, and the said benefit of rade, rules, direftions, methods, articles, matters, and things, were Severally repeated and at large re-enafted in the body of this prefcnt ad.

XXIV.	And it is hereby enaftcd and declared by the authority Transfers not afocefaid. That all fuch transfers and alignments of dock or ad- R* ditional (lack, in the books of the said governor and company dimes.

of merchants of Great	Britain,as are not by this aft wholly ex-

empted from the (lamp-duties, shall not hereafter be or be made liable to any higher or greater duties than are now payable for the fame.

XXV.	And it is hereby declared and enafted by the authori- Vote of the ty aforefaid. That any vote or resolution of thehoufe of com- ^>^'by*'th^r mans, (ignified by their (peaker in writing, to be delivered at (beaker a fuf-the publick office of the said governor and company of mer- ficient notice, chants of Great Britain trading to the Soutb shall be deemed and adjudged to be fufficient notice within the words and

meaning of this aft, for redeeming their (aid yearly funds or annuities, purfuant to the provifo or provifoes of redemption in this aft contained, and at the refpeftive time or times therein mentioned; any thing herein contained to the contrary not-withftanding.

cap. vm.

■dn ail for redeeming several funds of the governor and company of the bank of England, purfuant to former provifoes of redemption •, and for fecuring to them several new funds and allowances redeemable by parliament •, and for obliging them to advance further Jams not exceeding two millions, five	hundred thousand pounds, at five pounds per centum,

as [ball be found neceffaty to be employed	the,

national debts and incumbrances % and for continuing cer-> tain provisions formerly made for the	of bis Ma-

jeftfs civil government; and for payment of annuities formerly purebafed at the rate of five pounds per centum $ and for other purposes in this ail	,

MOST gracious Sovereign, Whereas by an ait of parliament made and paffed in the seventh year of the reign of her beta Queen Anne, of bMed memory, intituled. An act for en»- • ws capital ftosk of the hank of England, and for railing

	*

5 Ann* c. 13.

7 Ann. c. 7.

By 5 Geo,

&i iGeo.i.c.g, farther provi-fions are made concerning the funds, £fr. zVr this aft.

7 Ann. c. 7.

8 Ann* c. i.

xi Ann. flat. 1. c. 11.

9 Ann. c. 7.

7Ann.c.7 &8. 8 Ann. c. i«

Anno tcrtio GeorgIi I. c. 8.	[171$*

a further fupply to her Majesty for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and nine, the governor and company of the bank of England were obliged* in the manner therein mentioned* to deliver up to be cancelled certain Exchequer-bills which <bed bet* made forth by a former aft of parliament in that behalf* which bills* with interest thereupon, were computed* to amount to fevenUen bun-dred seventy five thousand twenty seven pounds feventeen Jbifkngs ten pence halfpenny; and to the end the said governor aud company of the bank of England, and their fucceffors* might have a competent retompence and confideration for Jo doing* and for all their demands relating thereto* it was by the feud aft of the seventh year of her fold late Majejlfs reign enafted* That from andafterthe faidfeafi of Saint Michael the Archangel in the year of our Lord one thousand (even hundred and ten, the said governor and company of the bank of Eng-. land, and their fucceffors for ever, Jball have* teteive and enjoy one annuity or yearly fum of one hundred and fix thousand five hundred and one pounds thirteen Jbillings and five pence out of fuck duties an . houses as are therein mentioned: but it was thereby provided aud enabled* That dt any time upon one year's notice to the said governor and company of the bank ^England, or their fucceffors* and upon full payment to them of the said Jum of one million seven hundred fe-vehty five thousand twenty seven pounds feventeen findings and ten pence halfpenny, and of all arrears of the said annuity of one hundred ’ and fix thousand five hundred and one pounds thirteen fbiUiugs and five pence per annum (if any shall be then due) \ then* and not till then, the said annuity of one hundred and fix thousand five hundred and one pounds thirteen /hillings and five pence per annum JbouU ceafe and determine* and then alfo the said duties on boufes Jbould be under flood to be redeemed by parliament* and Jbould not be ijfuedf paid or applied to any ufe or purpofe whatfoever* but by authority of par-liament. And whereas in purfuance of the said aft of the seventh year of her J'aii late Majesty's reign* several other bids* commonly xal* led Exchequer bills were made forth* • amounting to two millions five hundred thousand pounds principal money •* and in purfuance of another aft of the fame year* and of certain claufes contained in ag-aft of the eighth year of her reign* there were ijfued several fucb bills* amounting to four hundred thousand pounds more in principal money; and purfyant to an aft made in the twelfth year of her said late Majesty* s reign* there were ijfued fucb bills* amounting to twelve hundred thousand pounds more in principal money: and it was provided by the said afts refpeftively* That all the bills thereby made forth should bear an interejl after the rate of two pence per centum per dfem (faving fitch interejl as therein is mentimed;) and that the said governor and compmy of the bank of England should have an allowance after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum for circulating the said bills, abating the said allowance proportionally as the bills should be cancelled: and by an aft made in the ninth year of her said late Majejlfs reign* for better enabling the feud governor and company of the bank of England to exchange for naif money upon demand any of the bills made forth upon the said fevered afts of the seventh and eighth years of her Majejlfk. reign* it was

en-

349

7»*.U	Anno	tertio Georg n L c* 8,.

tabled*, That thefullfum ef forty Jive thousand pounds per annum ootid be paid to and for the tife of the foid governor and company of v bank of England, by the ways and means therein fpecifted, for wei daring fitch time only* as in that aft was limited; and by the lid oft made in the twelfth year of her Majeflys reign* for better n Ann ftat.i. vailing the said governor and company of the bank of England to c*,f*15. ircmkte all Exchequer-bills made forth* and to be made forth on that nd the fond former aftsy by exchanging the fame from time to time* . or ready money upon demand* it was enabled* That the entire year jy itm of eight thousand pounds (over and above the said yearly fum of art} five thousand pounds) should be paid to and for the ufe of the 'rid governor and company of the bank of England	quarterly pay-

names* until fuch time as no more than nineteen hundred thousand >ounds of all the bills iffiud and to be ijfued in purjuance of that and ha said former afts (taken all together) should beflooding out uncaur died in the whole : and for making good as welt the said inter eft of xvo pence per centum per diem, and the said allowance after the "ate of three pounds per centum per annum, as alfo the said yearly fum of eight thousand pounds, until the fubftdies* duties* furplus mor lias and arrears composing the general fund and fecurity by the said former rifts* or feme of them* tntended to be eftabUJhed* or fo many of them as should be fuffident for tbofe purfiofos should have takers tjfeft* it was by the said foveral afts of the foventh, eighth and twelfth years cf her late Majesty's reign* or feme of them* enabled*

That the lord treafurtr* or three or more of the commjfmers of the treafiery for the time being* should make out or caufe to be made out other Exchequer-bills for fo much as should be computed to be due qt the refptftive quarter-days therein mentioned (over and above whqt /boald oave been applied out of the fubftdies, duties and other furqs of money aforefaid) for fuch interest and for fuch allowance of three pounds per centum per annum, and for the said yearly fum of eight ihoujdud pounds refpeftively \ and that fuch quarterly bills should bear the like interest of two pence per centum per diem ; and that the frii governor and company of the bank of England should have the Ukt allowance of three pounds per centum per annum for circulation thereof. And whereas in an aft of parliament made and pajfed in the	fUt.fi

Jirfl year of your Majesty's reign* reciting, That the Exchequer-bills c. 12, flouring out and remaining unfatisfied and undifcharged upon the eleventh day of July one thousand (even hundred and fifteen did amount to the Jum of four millions Jive hundred sixty one thoujand twenty and pvt pounds, or thereabouts; it was thereby enabled and declared*

That foveral fubftdies, duties* revenues, additional revenues* incomes*	*

forplus merits, arrears, overplus monies and other monies therein particularly deferibed or mentioned* were and should be one general and aggregate fund and fecurity for fatis/ying and paying all monies which then were and from time to time should be incurred and grown due or payable for intereft* at the rate of two pence per centum per diem, and for the Jaid allowance of three pounds per centum per annum for all the Exchequer-bills above-mentioned* or fuel) of them as should from time to time be uncancelled or undifeharged * and all the monies which were or should be grown due from time to time upon the said Sou XIII.	A a	Jum

Anno tertio Georg n I. c. 8.	£	1716.

fums of forty five thousand pounds per annum andeight tbcufiai pounds per annum, for Jo long time as tbofe yearly fums were teem* time or be payable; and for fupplying to your Majesty, during your hfe, the yearly fum of one hundred and twenty thousand pounds, for thejervice of your Majesty's hou/hold and family, and other year nr-cejfary expences and occaftons; andalfo for fitpplying the further yearly fum 0/ fifty four thousand fix hundred pounds for ever, to raise money for publish services; and for making good Jiteb defidfiteko as an therein exprejfcd; and likewtfe for and towards furmfhing the yearly fum of two hundred and Jeventy thousand nine hundred ninety me pounds and seven Jhillings, for paying off and cancelling the find bilk \ all whuh was to be done in fuch order, manner and form, and with fuch preferences, as in the fame aft are preferibed: and it was thereby provided and enabled, That from and after the complete paying sf and difcharging all the principal and interejl which fihouM be due upon all the said Exchequer-bills ijffued as aforefaid, and cancelling the Jame, and full payment made ^ of ail arrearages {if any Jbouldbe then due) os weu for or upon the find allowance, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, and for or upon the said yearly fums of forty five thousand pounds, eight thousand pounds, one hundred ana twenty thousand pounds, and fifty four thousand fix hundred pounds, oni every of them, as alfo of fuck deficiency or deficiencies as should the* appear to be unfatisfied {if any fuch be) for or upon the origins! fund of one hundred thousand pounds per annum, payable to the fad governor and company of the bank of England, and for and upon then abovesaid anmity of one hundred and fix thousand five hwidrtdond one pounds thirteen Jhillings and five pence per annum; then, mi not till then, the said general or aggregate fund, and the findfidrfiibt duties and revenues contained therein, and every of them, Jbould k underjlood to be redeemed by parliament, and should not be iffieed, fed or applied to any ufe, intent or purpofe whatfoever without autbmtj of parliament, other than and except fuch duties {part of the find aggregate fund) therein particularly dejeribed, which are thereby encUd to be continued for anjwering and paying all the payments which JbnM after fuch redemption grow due for and upon the said yearly fimd one hundred and twenty thousand pounds quarterly, for the ficrwtfi your Mqjefiy's boujhold and family, and other your necessary oetajms, during your Majefiy's life, and for anfwering and paying ail tbt payments which Jbould after fuch redemption grow due for or s$ta the said yearly fum of fifty four thousand fix hundred pounds, for pep ment of annuities for ever, unlefs the fame be redeemed by parliament Exchequer- as by the Jaid several atts, relation being thereunto rtfpeffHxly hoi, bills on w may more appear. And whereas the bills made forth upm Mr mounted to*" ftvtral afts of the feventh, eighth and twelfth years of her ku 4, {61,0251.	Majefiy's reign, (landing out and remaining unexcelled and tenbj

7Ann.c 7.6r8. charged upon the two and twentieth day of March one thousand fr* * ^nn‘ a *' hundred and fixteen, do fill, by computation amount to the said jut “a™**1- of four millions five hundredfixty one thousand twenty and five pom Charge for principal money; and the present charge to the publick of circular circulating	the fame, as well for the J'aid interejl of two pence per centum per

toVper ann as ^ f** ^wances of three pounds per centum per annua,

716.7	Anno	teitioGEORGii I. o.ff*	35*

~»tj five	thoufand pounds per annum, and eight	pounds

>er annum* doth, by computation, amount to three hundred twenty igbt thousand three hundred sixty one pounds feventeen Jhillings and en pence pdr annum, or thereabouts, except fo much thereof as may * abated for bills, from time to time, in the Exchequer, or in the mds of receivers or collectors of any taxes, aids or revenues payable 0 your Majesty. And whereas the said governor and company of Bank willing he bank of England, in regard the common rate of interest for money to accept ot an ; very much lejened under your Majeflfs moji aufpicious govern-	atn5	#

went, and their several funds before-mentioned are redeemable |£u oTtheir r uch times, and in fuch manner, as afore faid, are willing and content- present annui-d to accept one annuity of eighty eight thousand seven hundred fifty ty. By u Geo. me pounds seven Jhillings and ten pence naif penny, being after the 9-	'•

'ate of five pounds per centum per annum, on the said principal	U

rum of one million seven hundred seventy five thousand twenty [even Sounds feventeen JhiUings and ten pence halfpenny, in lieu of their bid present annuity or fum of one hundred and fix thousand five hun+

{red and one pounds thirteen Jhillings and five pence per annum*

6 as they may be fiatisfied the said yearly fum of one hundred and fix \boufand five hundred and one pounds thirteen Joinings and five pence\ until ana for the quarter to end at the feaft of the nativity of Saint John Baptift in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and tighten inchifhely, and Jo as the future payments of the said fum if eighty eight thousand seven hundred fifty one pounds seven JhiUings mi ten peace halfpenny per annum may be fecured to them from the ......................................................fab'

feaft+day, until the redemption thereof, and fo as the said yearly fum of eighty, eight thousand seven hundred and fifty one pounds seven fallings and ten pence halfpenny be made redeemable upon one yearns noticel to be given at the said feaft of the nativity of Saint John Ikptifi one thousand seven hundred and eighteen, or at any quarterly feft-day after the said feaft of the nativity of Saint John Baptift me thousand seven hundred and eighteen, and upon full payment to them of the said fum of one million seven hundred seventy five thousand twenty seven pounds feventeen JhiUings and ten pence halfpenny% end of all arrears of the said yearly fum of eighty eight thousand seven hundred fifty one pounds seven JhiUings and ten pence halfpenny, if any JhaU be due at the time of ftscb payment; and the said governor and company of the bank of England, are alfo willing and contented to difeharge and deliver up to be cancelled, as many of the Exchequer-hlh formerly made forth, as aforefaid, as amount to two millions in principal money, and to accept an annuity or fum of one hundred thousand pounds per annum, being after the rase of five pounds pet centum per annum for the fame two millions* to commence from the feafi of the birth of our Lord Chrift in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and feventeen, fubjeft to redemption by par-Uament, upon one year’s notice to be given at the said feaft of the birth of our Lord Chrift one thousand seven hundred and jeventeen* or at any quarterly feaft-day after the said feaft of the birth of our Lord Chrift one thousand seven hundred and feventeen, and repayment of the find two millions, and all arrears of the annuity left mentioned; aftio continue the circulating and exchanging for money at demand\ A a 2	the





Anno certio GfioftGH I. c,t. [ijifc

the remainder (amounting by computation to two mUimfivt kdrd sixty one thousand twenty and five pounds inprincipalmufj) pf tk /aid Exchequer-bills now (landing outand uncancelled, at the prifa allowance of three pounds per centum per annum; W wfy content that the interefl now payable on Jucb remainder of tie Jd and of id. per bills be reduced to one penny per centum per diem, from and m cent, per diem the twenty fifth day of December one thousand /even hs/ndrtded interefton Ex-y^^^. anj tfoat	running	on	any	of	the	fimkUk,

afS'xc Dec. during the time they Jhall lie in the Exchequer, or in tbehmdsifaj 1717.	’	receivers or collectors of his Majefiys taxes, aids or revenues, it feud

Redeemable to the publick; fo as the said Exchequer-bills fo to be circulated ad on a year's exchanged be made redeemable by parliament, upon a year's notice tt k MichC 17174 &ven ct th* fiafl of Scant Michael the archangel in the year of m Lord one thousand jeven hundred and feventeen, or at any quarter!} feafi-day after the feafl of Saint Michael the archangel in toe jeer if our Lord one thousand Jeven hundred and feventeen\ and upon m payment of the principal andinterefl payableupon the faidremainh^m, and of au arrears of the said allowance of three pounds per cent® per annum which Jhall be due to them at the time of fuch redemptmy So as the pre- tend fo as all the present allowances to the said governor and cmfesj fent allowan- of the bank ^England, payable to them for circulating end exdas^ Ccs *°[-nXC^e' for treaay money the said bills, amounting to four millions fit continued to hundred sixty one ™oufand twenty five pounds, or thereabouts, m Chriftmas	/landing out or uncancelled\ as aforefaid, be continued to them vailed

1717.	for the quarter to end at the feafl of the birth of our Lori Cbnf

one thousand /even hundred and /event een ; and the said governor cd company are alfo willing to advance to your Majejly, to be mplsjd for or towards difeharging or lejfening the national debts and incest' *,500,0001. to branch any further fum or fums of money, not exceeding in the whk beadvanced tWQ millions five hundred thousand pounds, as the ccmrmjjionm a/ tit by the bank. Hreafury, or high treasurer for the time being, Jhall call for, at esj time or times before the twenty fifth day of March one theufd /even hundred and eighteen at an mterefi of five pounds per cental per annum, redeemable by parliament; now we your Majesty’s «noft dutiful and loyal fubjedis the commons of Great Bntwm parliament affembled, being defirous to eafe the present burthen of national debts and incumbrances, and in due time the heavy taxes lying upon this kingdom, fofar as it is confident with honour, justice and equity, do mod humbly befeech your Ma* Bank to be jefty, that it may be enaded; and be it enaded by the King's paid fuch mo-mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confa of June*? ° g H	*or(k fpiritual and temporal and commons, in this pitta

Ml grow due parliament afiembled, and by authority of the fame, That tbs on the annui- said governor and company of the bank of England, or their ty of 106,501!. fucceffors, shall be fully fatisfied, contented and paid til fuch °a mon*es are due and unpaid, or at any time or times, onto the ^gmga°e ^orc *he	°f	nativity of Saint John Baptiftooe

fond.	thoufand seven hundred and eighteen inclufivety, shall grow fa

and remain unpaid, or be in arrear to them for or upon the fad annuity or fum of one hundred and fix thousand five hundred and one ppufcds thirteen fhilliags and five ponce per annum,

2	of

- 



715.]	Anno tertio GeorgiiI. c.8.	353

f the money arifen or to arife at the receipt of Exchequer* f or for the said particular duties on houfes, and of or for the lid duties and revenues called the aggregate fund, or any of tem; and that from and after the said feaft of the nativity of^fter tJlj|t aint John Baptift one thousand seven hundred and eighteen, all the ,06,5011. ayments of or upon the said annuity or fum of one hundred 131. 5<U (ball nd fix thousand five hundred and one pounds thirteen shillings nd five pence per annum, which from thenceforth (hould and light grow due and payable, shall ceafe and determine.

II.	And be it further ena<5ted by the authority aforefaid, That

le said governor and company of the bank of England, andg^ to hare

leir fucceflors, (fubjeA neverthelefs to the provifo and power 8875x1. 7s.

f redemption hereafter in this a<ft contained in this behalf, and »<4d. per an-

one other) shall have, receive and enjoy, and be entitled by num out of the

irtue of this a<ft, to have, receive and enjoy the said annuity or	f

early fum of eighty-eight thousand seven hundred fifty-one ^ee 11 c°*

ounds seven shillings and ten pence half-penny, in refpeA of» Geo, a. c. 3.

le said principal fum of one million seven hundred feventy-five

loufand twenty-feven pounds feventeen shillings and ten pence

alf-pcnny, which annual or yearly fum of eighty-eight thou*

md seven hundred and fifty-one pounds seven shillings and ten

ence half-penny shall be and is hereby charged upon, and (hall

e paid and payable, from time to time, out of all the monies

rifen or to arife at the said receipt of the Exchequer, of or for

le laid particular duties on houfes, aiid of or for the laid duties

id revenues, called the aggregate fund, and every or any of

lem; and shall be paid and payable to the said ^governor and Payable from

impany of the bank of England, and their fuccetiors for ever, *4 June 17it# *

t>m the said feaft of the nativity of Saint John Baptift one thou- quarterly.

nd seven hundred and eighteen, at the four mod ufual feafts

r days of payment in the year before-mentioned, by even and

]ual portions 5 all which payments shall alfo be made in fuch

lanner and form, and with fuch preference, as are herein af-

x preferibed in that behalf.

III.	Provided always, and it is hereby enabled, That at anyge()ecil|tbfe me upon one year’s notice to be given at the said feaft of the on one year’s ativity of Saint John Baptift one thousand seven hundred and notice after 14 ghteen, or at any quarterly feaft-day after the said feaft of the Junc 171 ativity of Saint John Baptift one thousand seven hundred and

ghteen, and not before; and upon repayment by parliament i the said governor and company of the bank or England, or icir fucceflors, of the said fum of one million seven hundred venty-five thousand twenty-feven pounds feventeen shillings id ten pence half-penny, without dedu&ion, difeount or abate-ent whatfoever to be made out of the fame, or any part there-and of all arrears of the said annuity of eighty-eight thou-nd seven hundred fifty-one pounds (even shillings and ten ;nce half-penny per annum, if any fuch shall be then due 5 then id not till then, the said annuity of eighty-eight thousand fe* rn hundred fifty-one pounds seven shillings and ten pence half*

:nny per annum lhaji from thenceforth ceafe and determine 1

A a 3	any

354	Anno	tcrrio Georoii I. C.8.	[171^

,	any former ad or ad$ of parliament, or any prdvifocs, matter*

or things therein contained, or other matter or thing whatfo-ever to the contrary notwithstanding, w - . .IV. And for the better encouragement of the said governor duties the ” afK* company of the bank of England to pay off, difcbarge and bank to be cancel as many of the said Exchequer-bills as shall amount to paid fo much two millions in principal money, and to continue the circuht* as fliall be , fog ancj exchanging for money at demand, the remainder of foHntcreftat t^cm, according to the true intent and meaning of thfs aft; it ad. per cent- is hereby further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That out Vm per diem of the monies that are or lhall be in the receipt of the Exrhe-on the bills for quer 0f the fajd duties and revenues of the said fund, called*the debver^ up, a68reBate func*> an<^	kid duties on houfes, the said go*

ami Co much vernor and company of the bank of England shall be p^jd and asatChrirtmas fatisfied fo much as-fliall be due and in arrear to them for the 1717. fhaJl said interest of two pence per centum per diem upon the said bi& fheir doer atnountmg t0 two millions, until the time or refpedHve times cent, as ihall on which they shall deliver up the fame purfuant to this ad, and remain un- fo much as at or before the feaft of the birth of our Lord Chrift cancelled, onc thousand seven hundred and feventeen shall grow due and as^then'fluJl ^ *n arrear to t*iem ^or their ^ allowance, after the rate of quarterly three pounds per centum per annum, to be computed by the day grow due on upon fo many of the said Exchequer-bills, amounting to four their 45,0001. millions five hundred fixty-one thousand twenty-five pounds,

annum!0 *** 28 at time or mcs a* or before the fame feaft-day re* main uncancelled; and alfo fo much, as at or before the find feaft of the birth of our Lord Chrift one thousand seven hundred and feventeen shall quarterly grow due and be in arrear to them, for or upon their said allowances of forty-five thousand pounds per annum% and eight thousand pounds p^r annum*

Bank to deli- V. And it is hereby enacted by the authority aforefaid, Tliat ver up by 15 the said governor and company of the bank of England (hall, oq ^cc* *7*7 38 or before the twenty-fifth day of December one thousand fievto mier-biUsas* hundred and feventeen, deliver up as many of the said Excbe* amount to quer-bills (now being uncancelled and undifeharged) as fliall gjOoo^ooL&c. amount to the said fum of two millions in principal money, to fuch person or persons as the commiflioners of his Majesty’s treasury, or any three or more of them, or the high treasurer for the time being, shall nominate, .to be difeharged, cancelled and made void, in fuch manner as the said commiflioners of the treasury, or any three or more of them, orthe high treasurer for the time being shall appoint, without ifliring the fame again, or any>of them; and that the said interest of two pence per centum per diem, and allowance of three pounds per centum per annum, payable in refpedt of the said bills, amounting to two millions, from and after the time or refpeftive times on which they shall or ought to be delivered up to be cancelled, as aforefaid, and the said allowances of forty-five thousand pounds per annum, and eight thousand pounds per annum9 from and after the said feaft of the birth of our Lord Chrift one thousand (even hundred and feyerteen, shall ceafe and determine, and all the

duties



355

Anno trrdo Georgii L c.S.’

uties and revenues of the said aggregate fund shall be freed, xonerated and difchaiged, of, from and againft the fame; the lid former ads, or any of them, or any other law^or ftatute to le contrary notwithftanding.

VI.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Chrift. "hat from and after the said feaft of the birth ot our Lord mas 1717. 'hrift one thousand seven hundred and feventcen, the said go- bank to have ernor and comoany of the bank of England, and their fuccef- an annulty °f wrs for ever, (fubjed nevenhelefs to the provifo and power of I00,0°V . edemption hereafter in this ad contained in this behalf, and

one other) shall have, receive and enjoy, and be intitled by irtue of this ad to have, receive and enjoy, one annuity or early (um of one hundred thousand pounds, being after the tte of five pounds per centum per annuity computed upon the lid principal fum of two millions, which yearly fum of one undred thousand pounds lhall be, and is hereby charged upon, ad shall be paid and payable, from time to time, out of all ie monies arifing or to arife at the said receipt of Exchequer, s well of or for the said several duties, revenues and incomes ailed the aggregate fund, as aforefaid, as of or for the said articular duties on houfes, and every or any of themj and « hall be paid and payable to the said governor and company of be bank of England, and their fucceffors for ever, at the tour soft ufual feafts or days of payment in the year before-mention-d, by even and equal portions, without any deduction, defal-ation or abatement whaifoever; and that all the payments hereof shall be made in fuch manner and form, and with fuch reference as are hereafter in this aft preferibed in that behalf.

VII.	Provided always, and it is hereby enafted, That at any Subject to rs« imeupon one year’s notice to be given at the feaft of the birth ofdempiion on ur Lord Chrilt one thousand seven hundred and feventeen, or at °.nc y**r'*no* nyquarterly feaft-day after the said feaft of the birth of our Lord chriftmL thrift one thousand seven hundred and feventeen, and not be- ,7,7.

)re, and upon repayment by parliament to the said govemorSee9Gco.it nd company of the bank of England, or their fucceffors, ofc- 5*	«

ae said fum of two millions, without any deduction, difeount r abatement whatfoever to be made out of the fame, and upon ayment to them of all arrearages of the said yearly fum of one undred thousand pounds, if any shall be due at the time of ich payment, then and not till then, the said annuity of one undred thouiand pounds per annum shall from thenceforth ceafe od determine; any thing in this adt contained to the contrary otwithftanding.

VIII.	And it is hereby further enabled by the authority a- t0 ad-jrefaid. That the said governor and company of the bank ofvanccnotex, luglandy and their fucceffors, shall and they are by this a<5t en- ceeding )ined and required to advance and pay into the receipt of his *>500*00°b by dajefty’s Exchequer, to be imployed for or towards difeharg-r iQ^c^c!u ig or leffening the national debts and incumbrances, and not5 therwife, fuch further fum and (urns of money, not excced-

ig five and twenty hundred thousand pounds, at fuch time or

A a 4	times

j5*i	Anno tcrtio GEORonl. C.8.	[1716.

times on or before the twenty-fifth <Jay of Monk one thoofad fcVen hundred and eighteen, and by fuch proportions at a tax, as the commissioners of.the treasury, or any three or mow ef them, or the high treasurer for the time being, ihdhbf any Writing or writings under his or their hands, to boddivendtt the publick office of the said governor and company in Leahy call for or require; and in cafe the /aid governor and company On failure of of the bank of England /hall make failure in any fuch piymeQt payment, or payments fo to be advanced by the fpace of fourteen days bank may be next after fuch writing or writings /hall be refpeHively ddifer-lttcd* . ed, as aforefaid, the money whereof fiich failure in payment /hall be made, shall and may be recovered in his Majesty s nme, for the ufes and purposes aforefaid, by a&ion of debt; or opoa the cafe, bill, fuit or information in any his Majeft/s courts of record at Weftminfler, wherein no efloin, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be granted or allowed; in which allion, bill, fuit or information, it /hall belawful to declare, that the said governor and company of the bank of England are indebted to his Majesty the monies whatof they shall have made default in payment, according to the fonnof this ftatute, and have not paid the fame; which (hail be full, cient; and in and upon fuch action, fuit, bill or information, there shall be further recovered to his Majesty’s ufe, agtmftthc said governor and company of the bank, of England^ damages after the rate of ten pounds per centum far the monies fo unpaid contrary to this alt, be/ides full cofts of Aik; and the fiidgovernor and company of the bank of England, and their /bccef-fors, and their capital /locks and funds, /hall be and aie hereby made fubjelt and liable thereunto; fo always that the fom tobc called for or required of the said governor and company, as a-forefaid, at any one time do not exceed five hundred ihoufand pounds.

Bank to have IX. And be it further enacted by the authority afott&id, an annuity at That the said governor and company of the bank of j cl. per cent, and their fucceflors, for all and every fum and ferns of money the %ullCad^^which they /hall advance for or in part of the said fem of two ey * millions five hundred thousand pounds, shall have, receive »d enjoy, and be entitled by force and virtue of this *<£t tohir, receive and enjoy an annuity after the rate erf five pounds pr centum per annum for ever, fubjeft nevertheleft to the prorifo of redemption herein after contained in t)iat behalf; and that all and every fuch annuity or annuities after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum for the money fo to be advanced, (hiD be charged upon and /hall be paid and payable, from time fount, out of the monies which shall from time to time arife, as well of or for the aforesaid duties upon houfes, as of or for the fad duties, revenues and incomes compofing the said fund caHad tiw aggregate fund, and every or any of them, and /hall be pid and payable to the said governor and company of the bank of England, and their fuccelTors, in manner following, that is to fay, The fir/l payment or payments of fuch anriukyor tenuities

they ihaJl vance.

' 

357

171&]	Artno	tmiaGloRGii	L c. 8.

tits aftu the rate of five pentads per centum	(hall b«

computed by die day, and fatisfied from the day or mfpedtivo days on which the laid fum, not exceeding two millions five bund red thoofimd pounds, or aay part or parts thereof, lhall be advanced or paid, as afbrefaid, unfit tbe quarterly feaft-day, or refpodtive quarterly fcaft-days then next enfeing; and from theneeforth the lame annuity or annuities, after the rate of five pounds	per eeutum per annum, lhall be paidaud payable at Jfie

tour non ufual feafts or days of payment in the year before-mentioned, by even and equal portions; all which payments lhall alfo be made in fuch manner and form, and with fuch preference, at are herein after prefcribed in that behalf.

- X. Provided always, and it is hereby ensured. That at any Redeemable time upon repayment by parliament to the said governor and at any timi on company of the bank of Englandor their fuccedors, of the repay ment of laid film of two millions five hundred thou (and pounds, or fo pnnaPal* much thereof as lhall be called for and advanced, as aforefaid, without any deduction, difeount or abatement whatioever, to be made out of the fame, or any part thereof, and of all arrears of fuch annuity or annuities after the rate o£ five pounds par centumper	annum,if any fuch arrears lhall be then due,

then and not till then, the fame annuity or annuities after the nte of five pounds per centum per annum, shall from thenceforth ceafe and determine; this present ad, or any claufe, matter or thing therein contained to the contrary notwitbftanding.

XI.	And as to fo many of the (aid Exchequer-bills -made interest of two forth upon the laid recited ads, or any of them, as do amount per cent, per in principal money to the sum of two millions five hundred sixty diem, to con-one tboufand and twenty five pounds (being the firm of the Exchequer-bills which will be fianding out after tbs delivering up and cancelling fo many as amount to two millions, as aforefaid) ; it is hereby further enaded by the authority afbrefaid.

That the interest of two pence per centum per diem, now bom on the find bilb, for two million* five hundred sixty one thousand twenty five pounds, lhall continue and be payahle and paid to the bearer and bearers thereof refpedivelv, until the twenty fixtb day of December one tboufand (even hundred and feven-teen, and no longer; and that from and after tbe twenty fifth day of December one thousand (even hundred and feventeen, the interest upon the fame bills shall be reduced to one penny par eentwn per diem, which interest of one penny per centum per diem, and no more for intereft, lhall from and after the laid twenty fifth day of December one thousand (even hundred and ^*r fbventesn grow due and be paid and payable upon the find bills, ^,,<*4 for the faifl fum of two millions five hundred sixty one thousand to one penny twenty five pounds, to the refpe&ive bearers thereof, until the p«r centum redemption of the fame, purfuant to the provifo herein after Per <“enu pertained in that behalf; and that the said interest at the re-foe&lve rates aforefaid, upon the said bills, amounting to two millions five hundred sixty one thousand twenty five pounds, lhall be lati6fied and difeharged, from time to time, by foch ways

and





receipts, &c. faved to tbe publick.

&K

Chrift-

1717.

358 o	Aftno	tertio GioRfcn L c. 8/	[t	71 &

and means as are hereafter in and by this a& prefcribed in that All interest on behalf: nevertheiefs, it is hereby provided and enaded, That Excheouer- the said interest at the refpedive rates aforefaid, upon fuch of bills, whilft in the said bills, amounting to two millions five hundred sixty one the pobuck thousand twenty five pounds, as are or (hall, at any time or times, be in tbe receipt of the Exchequer, or in the hands or power of any receivers or colledors of any taxes, aids or revenues payable to his Majesty, his heirs or fuccefibrs, dnring fuch time and times refpe&ively, as fuch bills shall be or remain in the (aid receipt, or in fuch hands dr porter, as aforelaid, shall be abated and faved for the benefit of the publick.

Bank to have XII. And it it hereby ena&ed by the authority afarebud, for.drculafc* -That the said governor and company of the bank of England* and their fuccefiors, shall for circulating the said bills amount-at &e rate*5" I11?t0 two millions five hundred sixty one thoufmd twenty five cent, pounds, and for exchanging the feme for ready money upon demand, from time to time, have, receive and enjoy, and be entitled by virtue of this ad to have, receive arid enjoy, to their own ufc and behoof, 'an annuity or yearly allowance of seventy fix thousand eight hundred and thirty pounds and fifteen shillings, (being after the rate of three pounds per centum ter annum* upon the said fum of two millions five hundred and sixty one thousand twenty five pounds) fubjed neverthelefe to the ptovife of redemption herein after contained in that behalf, which annuity or yearly allowance of seventy fix thousand eight hundred and thirty pounds and fifteen shillings, shall be and is hereby alfo charged upon, and shall be paid and payable, from time id time, out of all the monies arifen or to arife,' at the receipt of the Exchequer, of or for the said particular duties on houfes, and of or for the said duties and revenues called the aggregate fund, and every or any of them; and shall be paid and payable to the (aid governor and company of the bank of England* and their fucceflors for ever, from the laid feaft of the birth of our Lord Chrift one thousand seven hundred and feventeen, at the four mod ufual feafts or days of payment in the year before-mentioned, by even and equal portions, without any deduction, defalcation or abatement whatfoever; all which payments shall alfo be made in fuch manner and form, and with fuch prefer*-ence, as are herein after prefcribed in that behalf.

XIII.	Provided always, and it is hereby enaded. That at

Redeemable

on one year’s any time upon one years notice to be given at the feaft of Saint u Michael the archangel in the year of our Lord one thousand seven ,7,T» hundred and lieventeen, or at any quarterly feaft-day after the feaft of Saint Michael tbe archangel in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and feventeen, ana not before, and upon, full payment by parliament of the (aid fum of two millions five hundred sixty one thousand twenty five pounds, and all interest that shall be then due thereupon, and all arrears (if any) which shall be due at the time of fuch payment, on the laid an-* quity of seventy fix thousand eight hundred and thirty pounds and fifteen (bilungs per annum* and cancelling and diftbarging

all

\y 16.] ' Anno tdrtio Georgii I. c. 8.	359

all the said Exchequer-bills, then and not till then, the said an- ; nuity or allowance of seventy fix thousand eight hundred and	\

thirty pounds and fifteen shillings per annum, (nail from thenceforth ceafe and determine; this aft or any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithftanding. And for the better and: more regular payment of all the monies which shall be payable" unto the said governor and company of the bank of England and their fucceffors, by virtue of this aft, as well for or upon' the said several annuities of eighty eight thousand seven hundred fifty one pounds seven shillings and ten pence halfpenny, one hundred thousand pounds, and seventy fix thousand eight hundred and thirty pounds fifteen shillings per annum, as aifo for or upon the said other annuity or annuities, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, (fubjeft neverthelefs, as a-fbrefaid) (landing orders shall be figned by the commiflioners of the treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or by thtf high treafurer, or any three or more of the commiflioners of the treasury for the time being; and after figning thereof, the fame	•

(hall be firm, good, valid and efFeftual in the law, according to the purport and true meaning of them refpeftively, and of this' aft, and shall not be determinable by or upon the death or removal of any commiflSoner or commiflioners of the treasury, or the high treasurer for the time being, or by or upon the determination of the power, office and offices ot them and any of	*

them; nor shall any commiffioner of the treasury or high treafurer, or under-treafurer for the time being, have power to revoke, countermand or make void fuch order or orders fo figned, as aforefaid.

XIV.	And for the more fpeedy payment of the monies which Orders to be shall be due or payable feverally thereupon; it is hereby do- figned for tbs dared and enafted. That weekly or otherwife, as the monies of the several rates, duties, impofitions, revenues and incomes, by this aft charged or chargeable to or with the payment of the said annuities of eighty eight thousand (even hundred fifty one pounds seven shillings and ten pence halfpenny, one hundred thousand pounds, and seventy fix thousand eight hundred thirty pounds and fifteen shillings per annum, and to and with the payment of the said other annuity or annuities after the rate of five pounds per centum per annumy and every of them, or any * part thereof, shall from time to time be brought into the receipt of the Exchequer for or towards payment of the fame, fuch monies shall and may be iflued upon fuch order and orders for or towards difeharging the said several and refpeftive annuities or yearly Aims thereupon charged, to grow due for or at the? end of the quarter of a year, in which (uch iflues or payment*

(hall be made, fo as fuch weekly or other fpeedy payments do not exceed the fums of the refpeftive quarterly payments, which shall grow due for or at the end of fuch quarter refpec* lively.

XV.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Banktodrcu, That the said governor and company of the bank of England, uta E*chc- *

and '



j6o

bills for 1*561, 0*51. till fully cancelled*

Bank refilling may be fued, ice*

Thefe annuities are perfo *al elUtes^

Anno tertio Gboroii I. c. 81	[	r	71$.

and their fucceflbrs (for and m confideration of xht feid annuity or allowance of feventy-fix thousand eight hundred, and thirty pounds and fifteen shillings per annum, to be paid to them as aforefaid) (hall, and they are hereby obliged and required, Until all the (aid Exchequer-bills for tne £u<f fura of two millions five hundred sixty one thousand twenty five pounds shall he fully difeharged ana cancelled, purfuant to the' fifid provifo and power of redemption in that behalf, exchange for ready money all fuch of the said Exchequer-bills for the said fum ctf two millions five hundred and sixty one thoufend twenty five pounds, as from time to time, or at any time or times, shall be m the hands of any person or persons, and be demanded of the find governor and company of the bank of England, or at their publick office, to be exchanged for ready money (whetherfuch bills, or any of them, shall or shall not have parted or bad a currency in his Majesty's revenues or taxes) by paying unto all fuch person or persons, in ready money, the fum or fum* for which fuch bill or bills fo required to be exchanged was or wort iffiied, or which the owner or owners of fuch bills shall be en-tkled unto by fuch bill or bills refpeftively, together with the interest that shall at the time of fuch demand be due on fuch bill or bills refpeftively, and fo toties quoties as often as fuch bill or bills shall be demanded as aforefaid; and in cafe the (aid go-, vernor and company of the bank of England, or their fucceffors, or their ca(hier, shall negleft or refufe to exchange any ftich bill or bilk for ready money as aforefaid, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this present aft, upon demand thereof made at their chiefoffice (which, during the currency of the bills be* fore mentioned, or any of them, is hereby required to be kept at fome place within tne city of London) by the fpace of twenty four hours, then the person or persons demanding the fame, or the person or persons for whose account fuch demand shall be mode, shall or may, and are hereby enabled to bring his, her or their aftion of debt, or upon the cafe, for the fame,, againft the said governor and company of the bank of England, or their fuccefibrs, in which aftion the person or persons fo bringing the fame shall and may declare. That the said governor and company of the bank of England are indebted to the plaintiff or plaintiffs therein the money demanded upon the said bill or bills, according to the form of this ftatute, and have not paid the fome; which shall be fufficient; and the plaintiff or plaintiffs in liich aftion or aftions shall recover againft the said governor and company of the bank of England, not only the money fo ne-glefted or refofed to be paid, but alfo damages, befides full coils of fuit; and the said governor and company of the bank of England, and their fucceffors, shall be and are hereby made fubjeft and liable thereunto; and in the said aftion or aftions no effoin, proteftion, privilege or wager of law shall be allowed, or more than one imparlance.

XVI. And it is hereby enafted by the authority aforefaid, • Th*t the ftid annuities or futns pf eighty eight thousand feven

hundred



1716.]	Anno	tertio	Ge^Iigii	I.	c.	ft.	g5i

hundred fifty one pounds seven shillings and ttn pence halfpenny, one hundred thousand pounds, and seventy fix thouiand eight hundred thirty pounds and fifteen shillings per amtum^ and the said other annuity or annuities after the rate of five pounds per centum per annumy and every of them, shall be deemed and adjudged to be perfonal estates; and the fame, and the fleck or flocks which the laid governor and company of the bank of England now have or are entitled unto, as alfo all fiich flock or flocks which the said governor and company shall or may be entitled unto by. virtue of this ad, and alio* the principal (urns and annuities payable .to the said governor and company for or in refped of any fuch flock or flocks, are and (hall, by virtue of this ad, be /roe and clear and freed and dhcharged of end from all taxes, charges and publick impofitions whatsoever, and free from pharged or to be charged thereupon; and shall not be liable to ^ not liable any foreign attachment; any law, cuflom orufage to the com- to foreign at* irary notwithflanding.	*	tachment*.

XVII.	And for the better fecuring all the several and re- Duties on Ipedive payments preferibed or intended to be made by or in houfes, arcre. purfuance of this ad, it is hereby enaded and declared by the gam fund, &c. authority aforefaid, That as well (he said particular duties on ^r nu r houfes, and the said duties, revenues and incomes competing iGeo.i.flat,*, the said aggregate fund (which latter are particularly deferibed c. is. or referred unto in the said ad of the firftycar of hrfMajefiyfc ^ A?*0,* reign) and all other duties which were fettled for payment Of c* aa# the Taid former yearly fums of one hundred and fix thousand five hundred and one pounds thirteen shillings and five pence, and of the said interest and allowances relating to the hid former Exchequer-bills, and every of them, are and (hall^be continued, and be paid and pSyanle to his Majefly, hit heivs and fucceffors, for ever; and shall be raifed, levied, colledpd ttd brought into the Exchequer in England, by and according tt> fuch rules, methods and directions, and with fuch drawbacks, repayments and allowances, and under fuch penalties, forfeitures and disabilities, as are preferibed in and by the refpeditfe a<fl and ads of parliament now in force, or any articles, claufes,.. matters or things therein contained, or thereby referred unto, for railing, levying or bringing in of the fame, as fuUy ankl effectually as if the fame ads, articles, claufes, matters and things, and every of them* were repeated and re-enaded 4n the body of this present ad; neverthelefs all the monies arffiisg Nevertheleft thereby into the said receipt, from and after the feaft of the for the pur-nativity of Saint John Baptift one thousand (even hundred attd feventeen, and all the monies then remaining in the said receipt, coataulcd> of the fame rates, duties, revenues or incomes, shall be difpof-able to and for the several and refpedive ufesand purposes by this ad appointed, and fubjed to the several provifocsof redemption herein contained; any former law, flatute, provifion, reflridiow* claufes of appropriation, or other claufes, matter or thing whafc-loever to the contrary notwithflanding; and that all the Wtonits -of the said particular rates and duties on houfcv and of thcjbid

aggregate



362	Anno fcrdo Georoii I. c. 8.	frjritii,

aggregate fund* or otker duties by this aft required to be and entred in brought into the Exchequer as aforefaid, (hail be dqly and ^K±!eau»hC	cntItc*	*n onc °* morc b°°k or ^°°ks to be kept in the

**	*	offices	of	the	auditor	of the receipt and clerk of the pells* for

that purpofe} to which all pertons concerned, at all feafonable times, (nail have free acceis without fee or charge.

All the duties, XVIII. And it is hereby alfo enafted, That all the monies of atedfor the*1" ^ rates, duties, revenues and incomes, which shall or ufesofthis* ought to be brought into the receipt of Exchequer for the aft.	faia	purpofes	in this aft direfted (except the neceflary charges

for railing, collecting, levying, iffiiing, paying and accounting for the lame) shall be and are hereby appropriated, and shall be iffiied and applied, as well to and for the payment and fatisiWiion of fo much as at or before the (kid feaft of the nativity of Saint John Baptift in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighteen shall grow due or be in airear to the faichgovemar and company, for or upon their said yearly fum of one hundred and fix thousand five hundred and one pounds thirteen shillings and five pence; and to and for the payment and fatisfaftion of fo much as at or before the said feaft of the birth of our Lord Chrift one thousand seven hundred and feventeen shall be due or demanded for the laid intereft, after the rate of two pence per centum per diem, upon all or any the said Exchequer-bills, amounting to four millions five hundred sixty one thousand twenty five pounds ; and fo much as at or before the said feaft of the birth of our Lord Chrift one thousand /even hundred and feventeen shall quarterly grow due and be in arrear to the (kid governor and company, for or upon their (kid allowances of forty five thousand pounds per annum, and eight thousand pounds per annum; and for and upon their said allowance df three pounds per centum per annum for circulating the said bills \ as alfo for anfwering and difcharging all the growing payments which shall hereafter incur and grow due to them for or upon the said annuities or fums of eighty eight thousand seven hundred fifty one pounds seven shillings and ten pence half pepny, one hundred thousand pounds, and seventy fix thousand eight hundred and thirty pounds fifteen shillings per annum, and the (kid other annuities after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum \ and to and for the payment and fatisfaftion of the /aid yearly fums of one hundred and twenty thousand pounds, and fifty four thousand fix hundred pounds, and all arrears thereof, (if any), and fuch other annual and other payments as are hereafter in this aft prefcribed to be made out of the fame, and every of them : all which arrears and growing payments before mentioned are to be fatisfied and difcharged in their due courfe and order, and with fuch preferences as are by this aft appointed, according to the tenor and true meaning thereof, and without any fee or charge whatfoever to be demanded 6r paid for the fame or any part thereof, but fubjeft to fuch fevc-ral and refpeftive redemptions asare in this aft prefcribed touching the said growing payments or any of them, and to none

other

1716.]	'Anno	tertid Gborgii I. c.8.	'	363

other t»fe, intent or purpofe whatfoever; any former lart, ftatute* provifion, appropriation or other matter or thing what-	~	.

foever to the contrary notwkhftandmg: and in cafe any the Exchequer officers or minifters of the Exchequer shall divert or oriiapply mifappiying any of the monies of the said rates, duties, revenues or incomes the money,&c. by this a6t appropriated for the ufes and purposes hereby direCU ed or appointed, or any of them, contrary to the purport and 0 <**»*«• true meaning of this a&, or shall pay or- iffiie the fame, or any part thereof, otherwise than according to the intent of this ad, and in the order hereby direded, or shall not keep books or make entries, and do and perform all other things which by this ad- he* or they* are required to do and perforin, every Yuen officer and minifter shall forfeit his office, and be rendred un-capable to serve his Majesty, his heirs or fucceflbrs, in any office or imployment of truft or profit whatfoever, and shall alfo be liable to pay double the value of any fum or fums of money	’

fo delayed to be paid, or fo diverted or mifapplied, with full cofts of fuit to thofe who shall fuffer or be grieved thereby, to be recovered by adion of debt, or upon the cafe, bill, fuit or information, in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at Wejlmn-JlfTy wherein no eflbin, protection, privilege, wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be granted or allowed.

XIX. And be it further cnaded by the authority aforefaid, Cou,fe of pay-That all the monies by this ad appropriated or mentioned to Fir^ropoy off be appropriated for the said ufes and purposes in this ad ap- fQ much as at pointed, shall be iffued and applied in manner and form follow* *+ June 171S, ing, (that is to fay) in the firit place to pay off fo much as at grow due or before the said feaft of the nativity of Saint John Baptift in fumof5^* the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighteen 106,501b 13s, ffiaPgjtow due or be in arrear to the said governor and company, $d. for or upon the said former yearly fum of one hundred and fix thousand five hundred and one pounds thirteen shillings and five pence; and fo much as at or before the said feaft of tbean<| birth of our Lord Chrift one thousand seven hundred and feven* asatChriftmas ttert shall be due and demanded for the said intereft, after the 1717, shall be rate of two pence per centum per diem; and fo much as on or be- Hue for interest fore the fame feaft day shall be due and in arrear on the said for-mer allowance of three pounds per centum per amum, and uponfo rouch*M ^ the said former yearly fums of forty five thousand pounds, and the fame feaft-cight thousand pounas ; and after paying or referving fufficient day shall be to pay fo much as at any time or times shall be grown due for or upon the said former" yearly fums, or demanded for the (aid interest of two pence per centum per diem as aforefaid, then to Then to pay and for the anfwering and difeharging (b much as (hall, from ™uch as time to time, be incurred and grown due for or upon the said annuities or fums of eighty eight thousand seven hundred fifty annuities, one pounds seven shillings and ten pence halfpenny, one hun- payable to the dred thousand pounds, and seventy fix thousand eight hundred ban* weekly* and thirty pounds and fifteen shillings per annum, and the said other arihuity or annuities after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum* to the said governor and company of the bank of

England%



gfy.	Anna	tert»08ofe.WI I.Cf 8<

Mmglanii tmd&eir fucaeflbrs,-OFtetbfair-cttfhkty fottait «fi% weekly, or	at fobn as tbe fame can-bc&twficd OHtaftteiBtahp

of the said rates,-duties, revenues- and kwiM^ ar uftif them, aceordine to the tenor and tstte ma*itogof*fci»-»d,'fo u fay fach Weekly or other payments the whole of the said wait oities or yearly fums to be paid to the dUd-fevemor aad company, or their fucoeflbrs, at dle 'end of each quWttr be Oar • exceeded, and fo that upon every of the find quarterly4eoft day* the whole then due thereupon feverally -be complemd* mode and the id. up w Satisfied 5 and to and for the answering and dtfebxrgmg per cent, per fuch demands as shall be made of or -for the said glowing »-4um.	tereft	of one penny percerrtum per idim, according t» the true

intent and meaning of this a&	i-	■

Then to pay XX. And it is hereby enabled. That after payiBgor rdfanring the yearly fum fnfodent to pay and fatisfy, from time to time, fe much asac dS' any time or times is or shall be grown due or demanded for ur Majciiy’s life, upon the Faid former yearly fume and interest of two pence pef centum per tliem as aforefaid; and for and upon thefoid^anawtaes or fums of eighty eight thousand feten hundred and kityaoe pounds seven shillings and ten pence halfpenny per annum* turn hundred thousand pounds per annum, and seventy fix thouhnd eight hundred and thirty pounds fifteen shillings per aurntmi ami the said other annuity or annuities after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum^ and to anfwer fuch demands as lhali be made of or for the said growing interest of one penny j per centum per diem; then the faid^ yeaiiy fum of one handled and twenty thousand pounds, for tne service of bis Majesty** houihold and family, and other his heCeffary expences and ao cafionr, and all arrears thereof, from time to time grown **, ihall be paid to ht6 Majesty, during hts Majesty’s natural #fext aforefaid, out of the monies by this a& appropriated, or men* tinned and intended to be appropriated for the ufes and puipcfai by this x£t appointed as aforesaid i and that the commifieaea of his Majesty’s treasury, and the high treasurer and under* treafarer of the Exchequer for the time being fhaU and may, and they are hereby authorized and required to caufe theism yearly luen of one hundred and twenty thousand pounds, or Inch arrears thereof, to be tflued and applied weekly, or. as foon as the fame can be (atisfied,' in the order and cousfe before* mentioned for (hat service, out of the monies arifenor to arife ns aforefaid, fo as by fuch weekly or other paynaentstheiiimof thirty thousand pounds, to be due thereupon, at the end af each quarter, be not exceeded; and fo that upon every of the find quarterly feaft days the whole then due thereupon! (be faidappaopriated monies will extend thereunto) be completed, made up or (atisfied, according to the true meaning of this a&. -	k ' . -	»

'Then theyear- XXI* And be it farther enacted by the authority afordaid, ly fum of 54^ : That after paying or referring fufficicnt to pay and fatisfy, from 6ool. is to be tiaae to time* fomuch as at anytime or times is orihaUhe let apart lor p^yn duefor or upon the said tpoMr^eaily fumSf indfior and

upoD



. Ann6 tertk) GboKGii I. €. 8*	365

upon the faid/ wnuities orfuaas. of eighty eight thou(and seven perpetual air hundred difty one . pounds seven shillings and ten pence half-nult*es of5l-pernor, om hundred thousand pounds* and seventy fix thou- Perc'n • land eight hundred and thirty pounds fifteen (billings per annum t and.tbesaid other, annuity or annuities, after the-.rate of five pounds ptruutum per aunums and to anfwer fuch demands ^s.

(ball be toade of or for the fsid interefti at the refpe&ive rates afhrcfiud^uad fo much as at any time or. times is or shall be grown due for and upon the said fuin, of one hundred and twenty thousand pounds per■ annum ; then the laid l'um of fifty four thoufaad fix hundred pounds per annum, and all arrears thereof (if any be) (hall, without any deduction or abatement, be feparated and fet apart in the said receipt of the Exchequer, out of the monies by this a# appropriated or mentioned to be appropriated xs aforefaid, for the ufes and purposes in this a& appointed; and (hall, from time to time, be ifl'ued and applied to anfwer and fatisfy fuch perpetual annuities as are purchased thereupon, at the rate of five pounds per centum per annwn, ac-:ording to the true intent and meaning of fuch a<ft or a<fts of parliament as are pafled in that behalf, fubjedt neverthelefs to redemption by parliament, as is thereby prescribed.

XXII.	And it is hereby declared to be the true intent and The prefer-neaningof this adt. That the said arrearages of the said former e"ces 111 Point /early films, and the monies which (hall, from time to time, 0 Pafmfnt*

>e due upon the said annual Turns of eighty eight thousand seven tundred fifty one pounds (even shillings and ten pence halfpenny^ oiie hundred thousand pounds, and seventy fix thou-and eight hundred and thirty pounds fifteen shillings per annumy nd the said other annuity or annuities, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum^ and the monies neceflary to an-wer'fuch demands of interest as aforefaid, shall from time to ime take place and be preferred, in point of payment, before he (urns which shall grow due upon the said yearly fum of ond kundred and twenty thousand pounds; and that the said yearly non of ooe hundred and twenty thousand pounds shall from time 0 time take place and be preferred, in point of payment, out of4 he fame* before the said yearly fum of fifty four thousand fix kundred pounds; and that the said yearly fum of fifty four liouftnd fix hundred pounds (hall* from time to time, take face and be preferred, in point of payment, before the ap-Jying any of the said appropriated monies for or towards an-	*

rering any the payments hereafter in and by this a ft charged r chargeable thereupon;

XX1IL Provided always,- and it is hereby ena&ed by the Then the defi* uthdrity aforefaid* That after paying or referving fuffident tocienciesof the ay. and fatisfy* from time to time, fo much as at anytime or	^nSl11tal

mes is or shall be grown due for or upon the said former yearly ,0o,0oo!.per ms, and for orcupon the said annuities or films of eighty eight annum to be loufand seven hundred fifty one pounds seven shillings and ten made good, etKte halfpenny, one hundred thousand pounds, and seventy x thousand right hundred and. thirty pounds fifteen shillings VouXIII.	Bb	per

Anno terciaGfiORGH h c.2.	\_t7f6.

per annum% and the said other annuity or aoMitios, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, and the monies meef-fary to anfwer fuch demand* of inemft as afore bid, and fc much as at any time or times is or shall be grown doe for or upon the said fums of one hundred and twenty tboufud pounds, and fifty four thousand fix hundred pounds per annum ; then the deficiency and deficiencies for making good the payments to be, from time to time, incurred and grown due for or upon the original fund of one hundred thousand pounds annum, payable to the said governor and company oat of the five seventh pants of certain rates or duties of excifc, by virtue of several ads of parliament in that behalf (when and as often as any fuch shall happen) (hall, from time to time, be fodsfied and anfwered out of the monies by this ad appropriated as §-forefaid; and from and after paying or referving XoficteM to pay and fatisfy, from time to time, fo much as at any time or times is or shall be grown due for or upon the said former yearly fums, and for or upon the said annuities or fums of eighty eight thousand seven hundred and fifty one pounds seven Ibd-lings and ten pence halfpenny, one hundred thousand pounds, and seventy fix thousand eight hundred and thirty pounds fifteen fhillings per annum, and the said other annuity or annuities, after the rate of five pounds per centum par annum* and the monies necessary to anfwer fuch demands of interest as afprefetd, and fo much as at any time or times is or shall be grown due for or upon the said fums of one hundred and twenty tboufead pounds, and fifty four thousand fix hundred pounds per annum;

Then to pay and to make good fuch deficiencies of the said original .food of 40001. per an- one hundred thousand pounds per annum (if any fuch be) as 1-wim tortienffs, forefaid; then the yearly fum of four thousand pounds IhaU be forth^heirpa- ^et aPart t*le Exchequer, and i:Tued from time to titne tothe tents, pafling refpedive (heriffs of England and Wales, for defraying the chtr-their accounts, ges of taking forth the letters patents for their refpedi veo&cet,

X/r	_ _ j_n?___.1___•___r_______________i___  j	!___	a. * -_>.

and pafling their refpedive accounts,and obtaining their according to fuch other ad as is or ihali be palled in thisief-fion Qf parliament in that behalf.

The furplusof XXIV. And it is hereby declared and enaded by the author ^^ofeaWe t>r fhy aforefaid, That the excefs or furplus, which at the end of parliament. * cvcry or any quarter of a year (reckoning the quarters to end See 5 Geo. 1. at the ufual feafts above-mentioned) shall and may be produced «• 3. fe$h 1. by the said several rates, duties, revenues and incomes hereby

appropriated or mentioned to be appropriated asafordaid, end flm 11 remain in the Exchequer over and above the money then due or dcmandable for or upon the several annuities, allowances and other payments before-mentioned, or any arrears of the fame, shall attend the difjpofition of parliament, and be applied according to ad or ads of parliament in that behalf, andt not otherwife; any thing in this ad contained to the oohorsiy wet-withftanding.	■

The deficiency XXV. Provided always, and it is hereby ena&ed, Thetm *f an* quarter-ode the produce of the said feveral-rates, dug$$, revenues and

incomes



716.]	Anns terrio Georgu I. c. 8.	$Sj

icomes hereby appropriated, as aforefeid, at the end of fln/*®|JS made

larter of a year after the feaft of the annunciation of the blef-	;

d Virgin Mary one thousand seven hundred and feventeen, tobepr<5uced

tall be deficient to anfwer and pay fo much as shall be then in any fubfe-

je for or upon the said former yearly fums, which are to con- qucnt quarter*

luctiH therefpcdbvc times aforefaia, and for or upon the (aid

muities or Aims of eighty eight thousand seven hundred fifty

le pounds seven shillings and ten pence halfpenny, one hun-

red thousand pounds, and seventy fix thousand eight hundred

id thirty pounds and fifteen shillings per annum, and the (aid

her annuity or annuities, after the rate of fivm pounds per

ntum per annum, and the monies neceflary to anfwer fuch de-

lands of interest as aforefaid, and fo much as shall be then

rown due for or upon the said fums of one hundred and twen-

r thousand pounds, and fifty four thousand fix hundred pounds

rr annum* and fo much as is to make good the said deficiency

if any be) of the said original fund; then, and fo often, and

i every fuch cafe, every fuch deficiency of the said duties and

;venues shall and may be made gooa out of the produce of

II	thole rates, duties, revenues and incomes, in any fubfe-

uent quarter or quarters wherein there shall be an overplus for

r towards anfwering the fame; any thing in this aft contained

o the contrary notwithftanding.

XXVI.	Provided also, and it is hereby enabled. That in ^e^Ct'hcCa" afe the produce of the said fevera! rates, duties, revenues and cn<j to ncomes hereby appropriated as aforefaid, shall at any time or be made good imes appear to be fo deficient, that within any one year by parliament# reckoning each year to end at Michaelmas yearly) the lame ball not be fufficient to anfwer and pay fo muen as mall be then lue for or upon the said former yearly fums, which are to con-inuetill the refpe&ive times before limited, and for and upon he said annuities pr fums of eighty eight thousand seven lundred fifty one pounds seven shillings and ten pence halfpenny, one hundred thousand pounds, seventy fix thousand ight hundred and thirty pounds fifteen shillings per annum, nd the said other annuity or annuities, after the rate of five >ounds per centum per annum^ and the monies neceflary to an-wer fuch demands of interest as aforefaid, and fo much as hall be then grown due for or upon the said fums of one undred twenty thousand pounds, and fifty four thousand fix lundred pounds per annum, and fo much as is to make good he said deficient (if any then be) of the said original fond, nd fo much as mall be then due upon the said yearly fum of our thousand pounds, according to this a<ft; then, and in very fiich cafe, and as often as any fuch deficiency of the said tttes, duties, revenues and incomes shall happen, the fame hall be provided for, anfwered and made good by and out of he then next aids to be granted in parliament.

XXVII.	And it is hereby further enadted. That the com-nMAoners of the treasury, or any three or more of them, or J-on,f on lie high treafiirer for the time being, (hall, and he and they fity,* the m+

Bbi	are



ceflary (ums

A rind tcrrio <JeoRgh I. cf.	t*7^

arc hereby impowered and directed, out of the monies arifing

The bills to be current in payment at the Exchequer, & c.

to difeharge foy the duties appropriated (amongft other things) for pay-Severs of the ment °f t^e laid interest as aforefaid, to iflue to fuch person or bills, Scc. persons, as he or they shall think fit to entruft in that behalf, and uj)on fecurity to be given to his or their good liking, fuch fiuii or fotns of money by way of impreft, and upon account, from time to time, and by fuch proportions at a time, as he or they shall find neceflary for difeharging all the said interest grown due and payable, or to grow due and payable, at the refpedtive rates aforefaid, upon the said bills, in purfuance of thisadl; the laid interest to be difeharged in the manner and form herein after-mentioned; and that any person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, having in their cuftody any of the said Exchequer-bills, upon which fix months interest or more Jhall be due and unpaid, shall and may, from time to time, (demand and receive or the person and persons to whom the said monies shall be imprefted for payment of interest as aforefaid, .all the interest fo due and unpaid upon fuch Exchequer-bills, who are hereby directed and required to pay and difenarge the fame, upon fuch demand, out of the money to be imprefted to him or them for that nurpofe.

XXVIII.	And be it further enabled by the authority afore-faid. That the said Exchequer-bills amounting to two millions five hundred sixty one thousand and twenty five pounds as a-forefaid, shall be received and taken by, and shall pafs and be current to all and every receivers and collectors in Great Bri-*	tain of the cuftoms, excife, or of any revenue, fupply, aider

tax whatfoever, already granted, due or payable, or which shall or may hereafter be granted, due or payable to his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, and alfo at the receipt of the Exchequer, from the said receivers or collectors, or from any other person or persons, bodies politick or corporate whatfoever, making any payments or loans there to his Majesty, his heirs or fucceflors, for or upon any account, caufe or occafion whatfoever, until the full paying off and cancelling the said bills, and every of them, according to the purport and true meaning Receiver*, See. of this aCl; and that fuch of the fame bills as shall be fo received th CbTi* f^C at Exchequer, shall and may be locked up and fecured as money in their . according to the courfe of the said Exchequer fettled and hand/j eftablilhed by law for locking up and fecuring money in fpecie received there\ and that all and every receivers and collectors in Great Britain of the cuftoms, excife, or of any revenue, aid, tax or fupply whatfoever, already granted, due or' payable, or which shall or may hereafter be granted, due or payable to jiis Majesty, his heirs or fucceflors, mall and are hereby diroft-. ed and required, out of any current coined money as shall then . be in their.hands of fuch revenue, aid, tax or fupply, to pav ,	fuch of the said bills amounting to two millions five hundred

fixty one thousand and twenty five pounds, as shall be brought ur\to them refpe&ively by any person or persons defiring to have may money for the fame} and in caf*e fuch receiver or collector u (ued»	fall

v^oOQle

Anno tertio GeoR'Gii I. c. g.	369

"tall neglect or refufe to exchange fuch bills for ready money y the mace of twenty four hours, then the person or perfons’ emanding the fame shall or may bring an aaion of debt dr on cafe for the principal and interest monies due upon fiich* ills againft fuch receiver or collector, having money in hlsT ands, as aforesaid ; in which action the plaintiff shall or may eclare. That fuch receiver or collector is indebted to Rich laintiff the money demanded upon every Rich bill, according

>	the form of this ftatute, and hath not paid the fame ; which* lall be fufficient; and the plaintiff in every fuch action shall ecovcr againft fuch receiver or collector, not only the monies

>	neglected or retufed to be paid? but alfo the damages, be-des full coft of fait, and fuch receiver or collector shall be abject and liable thereunto; and in fuch action, no effoin,

Totedion, privilege or wager of law shall be allowed, or any nore than one imparlance; and upon payment of the money o to be recovered, the plaintiff, his executors or afligns, (baft leliver up fuch bills to the defendant, his executors or afligns.

XXIX.	And be it further ena&ed, That as any of tht faitf Money lent in fills amounting to two millions five hundred sixty one thousand Wlls, equal to nd twenty five pounds shall be paid or lent into the Exche-g|^*^* iuer by any of his Majesty’s receivers, or any other person or * >erfons, bodies politick or corporate, making any payments or

oans at that receipt, the officers there shall caule tallies to be evied and delivered to the payers or lenders, as amply and ef* equally, to all intents and purpofes* as if they had made fuch payments or loans in fpecie.

XXX.	And be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That Intereft on he interest which (hall, from time to time, be due upon any ^SU^^re** he bills fo to be current, shall be allowed to all persons, bodies ^cr# gcnV-' jolitick or corporate, paying the fame to any receivers or col- ral,&c. to the ecStors, rjeceiyer or collector of any his Majesty’s aids, taxes or day of paying, upplies, or by way of exchange, as aforefaid, or paying or

ending the fame into the Exchequer, as aforefaid, unto the -efpective days whereupon fuch bill or bills shall befo paid, ex-> zhaneed or lent.

XXXI.	Provided always, That no interest shall run or be No interest on paid on or for any fuch bill or bills, during the time that any 1

luch bill or bills fo paid, exchanged or lent, shall remain in hand*, the hands of any the said receivers or collectors, or in the hand$ of any teller or tellers of the Exchequer, but for fuch time the interest on every fuch bill shall ceafe for the publick benefit and advantage.

XXXII.	And to the end it may be known for what time Endowments

Rich bills (hall, from time to time, remain in the hands of fuch hereupon by receivers or collectors, or in the Exchequer, as aforefaid; be thc payer, ^ it further enacted by the authority aforelaid, That the perfon	l.

or persons who shall pay fuch bill or bills to any receiver or

collector of any his Majesty’s revenues, aids, taxes, or fup-

filies,! by way or exchange or ptherwife, or shall pay or lend uch tyfl or bills into the Exchequer, as aforefaid, shall at the *	•	Bb$	"	’	Vim6





vive.

^7or	Anno tertio GeorgiiT. c. 8. Cf7r®*

time of making fuch payment, exchange or loan, on each 631 fo paid, exchanged or lent, put his or their name or names, and write thereupon in words at length, the day of the month and year on which he, (he br they To paid, lent or exchanged fuch bill or bills; all which the (aid receivers and cofledors refpe&ively, and alfo the refpeflive tellers iathe Exchequer, (ball take care to fee done and performed accordingly; to which re*-fpe&ive days the (aid receivers and collectors mall be allowed a-gaio the interest which he, (he or they shall have allowed or paid upon fuch refpeClive bill or bills, upon his, her or their paying the fame into the receipt of the Exchequer, as afote-<aid.

?BilU ij-iflued, XXXIII. Provided also, and it is hereby further ena&ed by interest to re- ^	aforefaid,	That when any of the (aid bills ftiau

be re-iflued or paid again out of his Majesty’s Exchequer, the refpeflive teller there, from whole office fuch bill or bills shall be fo re-iflued or again paid out, (hould endorfe on fuch WI1 or bills fo re-iflued, in words at length, the day of the month rod year that the fame were fo re-iiTued or repaid out of the Cud Exchequer, and alfo on what account the fame were laft ft* ceived into the receipt of the Exchequer, and fign the fame, from 'which time the interest on fuch bill or bills fo re-iftued or paid again shall revive, and fuch bill or bills shall again fun and pafs at interest as the fame did before they were paid unto or exchanged by the said receivers or collectors, or before'the fame were paid or lent into the Exchequer, as aforefaid.

Billi to here- XXXIV, And it is hereby enadled by the authority afofr-fhe orincL^r^aic^> That the fame bills to be re-iflued, from time to time^ or at' any time, at the Exchequer, as aforefaid, shall be fo fe-iflued only for the principal money to f>e contained {herein.

XXav. And to the end the refpeClive tellers of the Exchequer, who shall allotv any interest upon fuch bills which shall fee paid or lent into the Exchequer, as aforefaid, may be fo-imburfed the said interest by them refpeClively allowed; it is hereby further enadled by the authority aforefaid, 7 hat the officer or officers to be, from time to time, appointed for receiving the monies hereby appropriated for payment of the (aid intereft, shall from time to time, out of fuch monies in his* or their hands, reimburfe and pay to the said teller and tetters refpec-jtivcly, fo much as he or they shall have refpeCtively allowed for the laid interest to the payers or lenders of fuch bills ; m the doing whereof he or they shall obferve ftich rules and directions be or they (hall, from time to time, receive from any .three or more of the commiflioners of the treasury, or high treasurer v	for the time being.

Receiver gc- XXXVI. Ana be it enafted, That every receiver general of

*«ral *° any revenues, aids, taxes or fupplies, belonging or to belong

th^nnf« hv *° his Majesty, his heirs or fucceflors, shall keep a fair boof-or the monies dv j .	■	-	«*	J	.	. . r

him received, pooks of accounts m writing of all the monies by him received; lac.	in which he or l^is deputy or deputies shall truly enter *(T the

/urns which shall have bden received by him or them for every

the principal money;

Tellers to be ge-imbtirfed the interest they allow.



.37*

foch revenue, aid, tax or fupply, together with the names of

the several colleftors from whom the fame, or any part thereof

was received, the days when, and the Turns paid, how much

thereof in money, and how much in Exchequer-bills, and

what Exchequer-bills shall have been exchanged by every fuch

receiver general purfuant to this aft; to which accounts every

perfon concerned shall have free accefs at all feafonable times

without fee or charge; and the said accounts shall conftantly

lie open at one certain place, within the limits ot his receipt

for that purpofe; and if fuch receiver shall negleft to keep fuch

book or books, or to enter therein any fum or fums of money

toy him and them received and paid, as aforefaid, by the fpace

of three days after his receipt or payment of the lame, or (hall

refufe any person or persons concerned to infpeft fuch book or

books without fee or charge, as aforefaid, every fuch receiver for

every fuch offence shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, to Penalty loot

any person or persons who shall fue for the fame, to be recovered

toy aftion of debt, or on the cafe, bill, fuit or information, in

any of his Majesty*s courts of record at fVeflminfter^ wherein no

efloin, proteftion, privilege or wager of law mall be allowed,

or any more than one imparlance.

XXXVII.	Provided always, and it is hereby enafted by the New bills may authority aforefaid, That in cafe any of the Exchequer-bills

for the laid fums of two millions five hundred sixty one thousand and twenty five pounds, shall be filled up by writing or endorfe- or defaced. ^ meats to be made thereon, as aforefaid, or shall by any accident he defaced, it shall and may be lawful for the commifftoners of the, treasury, or any three or more of them, or the high treasurer for the time oeing, and he and they are hereby authorized and enjoined, upon requeft to be made by the said governor and company, and their focceflbrs, from time to time, to caufe new bills to be made forth at the receipt of the Exchequer, in lieu of fuch bills as shall be filled up or defaced, which old bills fo filled up or defaced, shall be cancelled at the receipt of the Exchequer, and kept there; and fuch new bills shall have the like currency, and shall in all refpefts be fubjeft to the hot rules, methods and continuance, as if the fame had been bills originally iffued in purfuance of this aft, and shall bear the fame numbers, dates, and principal fums, and carry the like iutereft, as were bom and carried by the old bills fo cancelled refpeftively; and fo totin quoties as often as any of the bills to be made forth by this aft shall happen to be fillea up or defaced, ms aforefaid.

XXXVIII.	And for the better enabling the said governor and Bank may cal company of the bank of England, and their fucceflors, to cir- in money from culate the said bills, whereof the circulation is to continue by

this aft, and to cany on their other affairs; it is further enafted ***** by the authority ararelaid, That it shall or may be lawful to and for the (aid governor and company of the bank of England% or their fucceflors, from time to time, as they shall fee caufe, to call from, or direft to be paid by their rcfpc&ive members for i	Bb4	the





m

"Penalty on members not ^complying.

Bank maybor. row monies under. ihpir common Teal above the common in-

Jerell,

Anno tertio Ge&rob	{iy«&

die time being, profortionably according to tbeir fe^ptdiyckw terefts in the capital (lock or dock* pf the said governor aod oompaoy, any futn or Turns of money, as in a general conn of the said governor and company shall be judged nerefiary, jand ordered to be called in ; and that all executors, adnttni-ftrators, guardians and trpftees, (hail be indemnified in paw the fame; and in cafe any fuchmember qr members shall re-fufe or negledl to pay his, her or their (harp of the monies fo calkd for at the time or tithes appointed for that ptrtpofe, by notice inferred in the London Gazette? and fixed uport dtc Eocchange% it shall and may be lawful to and for the feidgomFr nor and company of the bank of England? and their fuoccfibcs, not only to nop the (hare or dividend whieh (hall, efrom time to t)mc? become payable to fuch member or members (tone* glefting or refufmg) of the funds, docks or profits ofthefeid company, and to apply the fame, from time to time, iwr or towards payment of the (hare of the money (b called fw, and which ought to have been paid by (uch member of members b neglecting or refuting, until the (amelhall be fatisfied, but aids to ftop the transfers or alignments pf the (hare of every foefi defaulter, and to charge fuch defaulter or defaulters, with an interest after the rate of five pounds per centum per, annum? for the monies fo by him, her or them omitted to belaid* fnxp the time the fame were appointed to be paid until tbe payment thereof; and that the (hires and docks of fuch defaulter and defaulters shall be liable to make good and anfwer the'£ud monies fo appointed to be paid, and the interpft thterebf* md m cafe the pnncipal and interest shall be unpaid by the f pice of three months, then the said governor and company of the bank of England shall have power to fell fo much of the ftock and flocks of fuch defaulter and defaulters as will fatisfy and pay the fame, nendring the overplus to the proprietors, if any bet and the said governor and company in a general court, from time to time, when they shall judge their affair* will admit thereof, shall caufe any fum or Turns of money wbiclrfhal] be-fo called m, or any part thereof, to he divided and diftribated to and amongft the then members of the governor and company of the bank of England, according and in proportion to thrir refpeftive interefts in the capital ftock or (locks of the-faxne; any former law, ftatute, reflri&ion, or any other claufe, ttuftter or thing to the contrary notwithftanding.

. XXXIX. And it is hereby etla&ed, That the said governor and company of the bank ot England, or their fuccefloirs, shall have power and authority, and they are hereby enabled; in cafe they shall think fit, from time to time, and at any tune or times, at their own good liking, to borrower take up money upon any contracts, bills, bonds orf obligations, under their c6mmon feal, or upon credit of tbeir capital ftock or ftocfcs, or any part thereof, ot otherwife, for any time, or* to be paid bp-on demand, and at fuch rate or rates of intereft, or up^ji fuch terms as they shall think fit, although the fame shall happen to

2 V	exceed





lytfcf)	Anno	terdo Georoii I. c.- 8.	373

-exceed theintmft-allowed by law to be taken,and 10 give Aich (Security for the /amer as shall be to the fatisfadiion of the lend-.ers refpoftivdy 5 any former law, ftatute, prohibition, rcftric--tion, claufe, matter or thing whatfoever to the contrary not-	1

withftanding; and they are hereby authorized, at thejr owp . . f good liking, to contra# and agree in fuch manner as they (haD ftript*o*s for think fit, at any time or times, with any person or persons, that purpofe. natives or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate, in whose a-bilities they shall be well fatisfied, for or concerning the fur-»i(hing of monies, from time totime, by fuch persons or corporations, upon fuch terms as they shall find neceflary, for the better enabling the said governor and company of the bank of	-

England to perform fuch matters and things as they are to do ,	.

and perform in purfuance of this adt, and to take (ubferiptions from fuch persons or corporations for that purpofe; and it is chargeable hereby declared, that fuch contrails, bills, bonds, obligations, with the Securities or fubferiptions, shall not be chargeable with any the damp-dutiea /duties upon ftampt vellum, parchment or paper; any former Jaw or fi^tpte to the contrary notwithftanding.

XI». And it is hereby enacted by the authority aforefaid.

That if any person or persons shall forge or counterfeit any of the Exchequer-bills made forth, or to be renewed, as afore-(aid, or any endorsement or writing thereupon, or tender in gorging. See. payment any Aich forged or counterfeit bill, or any Exchequer- tUU	’

bill with fuch counterfeit endorfement or writing thereupon, or iony’ * t shall demand to have fuch counterfeit bill, or any Exchequer-biU. with fuch counterfeit endorfement or writing thereupon, exchanged for ready money by the/aid governor and company	,

of the bank of England., or their fucceflors, or by any receiver or collector, as aforefaid, knowing the bill fo tendred in payment or demanded to be exchanged, or the endorfement or writing thereupon, to be forged or counterfeited, and with intent to, defraud his Majesty, his heirs or fucceflors, or the said governor and company, or any other person or persons, body politick or corporate, then every fuch person or persons, fo offending (being thereof lawfully convidted) shall be adjudged a felon, and shall fuffer as in cafes of felony whhout benefit of> clergy..	.

JCL/I. And it is hereby further enabled. That the said gover- Bank to hav* nor and company of the bank of England (hall, from time to ,he time, have the ufe and cuftody of one part of all the cheques, the biHs.°J indents, or counterfoils of all the Exchequer-bills to be current on this adt, and from which the said bills are cut, in order to prevent their being impofed upon by counterfeited or forged bills) and that'when any of the fame bills shall be dffeharged and cancelled, fuch parts of the said cheques, indents, or counterfoils, as shall relate to the bills fo difeharged and cancelled,

(hail, from time to time, be delivered back into the receipt of Exchequer by. the said governor and company of the. bank of Englfnidf; or theif fucceflors.

u / .............................................. JCLIIf	•••



, 374	Anno	tcrtioGEOHOli	X.	C.4L

Till all the XLII. Provided always, and it it hereby enafted by the bUU be paid authority aforefaid. That until all the Exchequer-bills to be to betffiied circulated upon this aft shall be paid off, difcharged and cancelled, no more or other Exchequer-bills, or bills of the like nature, though by another name, {hall or may be made oat and iffued at the receipt of the Exchequer, either with or with-, out the authority of parliament, unlefs by confent of the said governor and company of the bank of England, or their foe-ceffors.	f	’

No member of JCLIII. And it is hereby further enafted, That no member abledfrombe- c0rP0rati°n of the governor and company of the bank of ing*a parlia- * England,, for or by reafon of any the matters or things in this raent-man, or aft contained, shall be difabled from being a member of par-liable to be a liament, or be adjudged liable to be a bankrupt within the in-bankrupt, See. tent an(j meaning 0f a]] or any of the (brutes made pggiaftar concerning bankrupts; any law, ftatute, or prmdfion to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithfianding.

During the XLlV. Provided always, and is hereby enafted by the bank, no other authority aforefaid, That during, the continuance of the bai Exceeding corporation of the governor and company of the bank of EngT fix* to bonow it shall not be lawful for any body politick or corporate money onbiMt whatfoever, erefted, or to be erefted, (other than the fiud go-payable at left vernor and company of the bank of England) or for any other ninths persons whatfoever, united, or to be united in covenants or 00	partnerihip,	exceeding	the number of fix persons, ki that part

of Great Britain called England, to borrow, owe, or up any fum or fums of money on their bids or notes, payable at demand, or at any lefe time than fix months from the borrowing thereof.

fiank in a ge- aLV. And it is hereby further enafted by the authority t-neral court forefaid, That the said governor and company of the bank of Stieleun^er- England, or their fucceffors, shall and may, and thoy are here-takings) de- by authorized and impowered, in a general court, to make tad dare fuch ad- declare fuch addition to their capital (lock (in regard of their dirion ro their undertaking to difeharge and deliver up the said Exchequer* th^SaSt^ak k*lls» amQuntin6 to two millions, to continue the drcularioo of fa y	the said Exchequer-bills, amounting to two millions five huodred

fixty one thoutand and twenty five pounds, and to advanceany further fums, not exceeding two millions five hundred thoufimd pounds as aforefaid) as they shall think fit; and fo much as shall be Co declared, shall be, or be deemed to be capital flock Or additional ftock accordingly; and that the members of the /aid corporation of the governor and company of the bank of England, who shall have a (hare or interest in fuch ftock or (locks, shall or may affign or transfer the fame, or any port thereof, in the books of the said governor and company of the bank of England, apart by itfelf, or jointly with any other ftock which fuch members may have in the /aid company; which alignments or transfers mail and may be made in fiichor die like method, manner and form, as are preferibed	apy nd of

parliament, dr Charter now in force, for alignment* ortrans-



j\6.]	AnnO	tertio GeoRGfi I. C. 8.	375

rs to be made in the books of the said governor nrid company r the bank of England, by the members thereof, of any lhares 1 their Capital.

XLVI. Provided and it is hereby enafted, That as often as Bank not ohli-iy interest upon the said Exchequer bills, hereby continued to Scd P*y *** e circulated, shall be demanded to be paid by tne said gover-	tbam

or and company of the bank of England, they shall not be a penny, bliged to pay for fuch interest to any lefler fum than one penny pon fuch bin, in cafe a (ingle bill be produced for payment, or >r the total of the interest or fuch bills where two or more shall e offered at one time by the fame perfon; any thing herein Dntained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XLVII. Provided always, and it is hereby enafted by the iUterredemp-athority aforefaid, That from and after the redemption of alltion °f. the ic said several annuities or Turns of eighty eight thoofand seven fb^ggligat* undred fifty one pounds seven shillings and ten pence half- fund anddu-enny,,one hundred thousand pounds, and seventy fix thou- tie* on houfts md eight hundred and thirty pounds and fifteen shillings per ** u£dcr" Hnum> and the said other annuity or annuities after the rate of five	by**

ounds per centum per annumy by payments to be made according pariiuatau > the several and refpeftive provisoes or conditions of redemption 1 this aft contained of or concerning the fame, and full pay-lent of all arrearages (if any shall then be due) for and upon be said yearly Turns of one hundred and twenty thousand pounds, nd fifty four thousand fix hundred pounds per annumy and for be deficiency (if any shall then be) of the (aid original fund of be said governor and company of one hundred thousand pounds tr dnnumy and every of them, then and not till then, the said eneral or aggregate fund by this aft continued and eftablifhed, nd the said Tubfidies, duties, revenues and incomes, contain-d therein, and every of them, and al(b the said particular dudes n houfes, shall be underftood to be redeemed by parliament, nd shall not be iffued, paid, or applied to any ule, intent, or urpofe whatfoever, without authority of parliament; other lan and except the duties called the two thirds of a fubfidy of Except the innage and poundage upon goods and merchandizes imported, y?*" nd other than and except the duties upon coffee, cocoa-nuts, ««*** hocolate, cocoa-pafte, tea, nutmegs, cinnamon, cloves, mace, iftures, and mgflins, and other than and except the increafea uties upon coffee, cocoa-nuts, chocolate, cocoa-pafte, tea, iutmegs, cinnamon, cloves, mace, and piftures, and other han and except the further rates and duties upon ail white cab- c^tmucd 6* icoes, porcelan called china-ware, and drugs; all which faid*10^><^?per ubfidies and duties To excepted are part of the said aggregate sum. for his und, and are intended to be continued, and they areherebyMajesty’shf* nafted to be continued, for anfwering and paying out of thi ame, all the payments which shall after fuch redemption grow lue for and upon the said yearly fum of one hundred and twenty houfand pounds, as aforefaid, for the service of his Majesty’s loilfhoM and family, and other his neceflary occafions, during us	life; and alfo for anfwering and paying out of the

fame







Anno tcrtip Georgn I. c.8.

tx7i^*

for the' annui. fame excepted fubfidies and other duties, all the payments which tic* at 5 per shall after fuch redemption grow due for or upon the (aid year-ccnt’	ly fum of fifty four thousand fix hundred pounds, for payment

oif annuities, as aforelaid y and alfo for anfwering and paying ],	out of the fame excepted fubfidies and other duties, all the pay-

andf roavi ments which shall after fuch redemption grow due, for or upon die 40001! per the raid yearly fum of four thousand pounds to be ilfiied to (ne-amnum to (be-riffs, as aforefaidj which annuities or yearly fums are to con-riffii.	trnue for ever, except fuch of them as (hail be redeemed by

parliament according to other a£ts in that behalf; and the (aid excepted fubfidies and duties fo to be continued for anfwering 'the payments of the said yearly fums of<?ne hundred and twenty thousand pounds, and fifty four thousand fix hundred pounds, and four thousand pounds per annum, or fo much rhereof as shall be fufficient to pay the fame, are and shall be hereby appropriated, iflued and applied thereunto, during the continuance of the fame yearly fums refpe&ively; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

The annuities	XLVIII. Provided neverthelefs, That nothing in this a<2

may be fepa- contained, for or concerning the redemption of any of the (aid ratdyjrodeem- annuities or yearly fums hereby payable to the (aid governor e *	and company of the bank of England^ shall in any ways prevent

or hinder the redemption of any other of the fame annuities or yearly fums to them payable by this afl, but that every one of the (aid annuities or yearly fums may feparately be redeemed at the time and in the manner by this a& preferibed, according to the refpeflive provifo herein contained for redemption of the feme; any thing in this a<ft to the contrary notwithftanding. Bank toeonti- XLIX. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforesaid. That the said governor and company of the bank of England, annuities be their fucceftors, shall continue and be a corporation, and redeemed, See. shall enioy the (aid several annuities or fums ot eighty eight thoufend (wen hundred fifty one pounds seven shillings and ten pence halfpenny, one hundred thousand pounds, and seventy fix thousand eight hundred thirty pounds and fifteen (hillingsper annum, and the said other annuity or annuities after the rate of .five pounds per centum per annum, till they refpe&ively shall be redeemed, as aforefaid, and shall enjoy all fuch capacities, powers, privileges, and advantages to the said governor and company of the bank of England, as a corporation, belonging, until all the said annuities or yearly fums shall be redeemed ac* cording to the several and reme&ive provifoes in this a£ contained concerning the fame, freed and difeharged of and horn . all former sod other provifoes and power of redemption whatsoever, for redeeming the said duties or revenues, called theagT

*...... '	'	gregate fund, or the said duties on houfes, or any of them ; anr

former a<ft or ftatute, or any.claufe, matter or thing io this a$ Contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

'. L. And for the better encouragement offuen per fens and corporatism Mi are or [ball be willing to advance monies for or towards paying off ’ ' ■ f - Py tart °f	principal fums amounting in the yjhsle t? eight mlr

\	^	. - ' -	•	••	- • ‘Urn



«7>6.j

Anno tertio Georgii t. c/$.

377

lions ’/even hundred sixty two thoufani fix hundred and twenty five pounds, or thereabouts, now carrying inlcrefl after the rate of fix pounds per centum per annum, upon fiver al afts of parliament made and pajfed in the ninth and tenth years of her said late Majefif s teigny relating tofeveral lotteries, and charged upon the fever al year- ^ c ^

7i funds of one hundred thirty five thousand pounds, one hundred eighty t<» Ann.c* i?* fix thoufani fix hundred and feVenty pounds, one hundred sixty eight thousand ana three pounds, arid one hundredfixty eight thousand and three pounds therein refpeftively mentioned; or for redeeming the annuities payable by an aft of parliament of the twelfth year of the reign cf his late mafifiy King William (ofglorious meniory) to certain pa-	13	*3'

tentees therein namtdy their heirs and dffignSy out of the Weekly fum of * three thousand seven hundred pounds Charged on the excife; for which monies fo to be advancedfor the purpofis aforefaid, it is intended that the persons or corporations advancing the Jamey hisy hery or their exe~ cutorsy adminifiratorsy fuccejforsy or ajjignsyjball have and enjoy an? nuitieSy not exceeding the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, redeemable by parliamenty according to fitch aft or afts of parliament as ' flail be made and pajfed in that behalf: it is hereby declared and enacted by the authority aforefaid, That the governor and com-	;

pany of the bank of England (hall, from time' to time, until the laid annuities, not exceeding the rate of five p6unds per centum 'per annumy fo to be purchafed, shall be redeemed by parliament1, appoint and imploy one fufficient person within their office in the city of London to be their chief or first cafhier, and one other fuffi- Bank to im-* ‘ciCnt person within the fame office to be their accountant general i pl°y fufficient ^nd that the monies from time to time coming into the receipt oi [heir chief the Exchequer for payment of fuch annuities, shall be ifliied and caflrierandae-paid quarterly to fuch first or chief cafhiers for the time being, by coununt ge. way of impreft and upon account, for payment of the fame art* neral. nuities ; and that fuch accountant general for the time being (half, from time to time, infpefl and examine all the receipts and pay*-'ments of the said cafhier and the vouchers relating thereunto, in order to prevent any fraud, negligence or delay; and that allthe Annuities one monies to be advanced, as aforefaid, for fuch annuities, shall be one capital (lock, capital or joint ftock on which the said annuity shall be attending ; and that all persons and corporations, in proportion to the	4

said monies by them refpeftively advanced, shall have a (hare in fuch ftock, and in the proportional annuity attending the fame; and that all fuch (hares shall be affignable, transferable :and dcvifeable in the fame manner as is preferibed by aft of par- s|’*rc* affiSlu liamertt made in the first year of his Majesty’s reign touching	^

the annuities aflfer the rate of five pounds per centum per annum c. * therein mentioned; and that no ftamp-duties whatfoever (hafl No ftamp dtu lac chargeable on fuch transfers; and that the said governor and j.ics for trait*. ' company of the bank of England, fnotwithftanding the redempT- fcr*9 '

'tion of all or any of their own funds or annuities) shall continue a corporation, to all intends and purpofes, relating only to the	*	^

/receiving, paying or accounting for the said annuities, notfcx-	1	1

ceeding the said rate of five pounds per centum per annum Jarft mentioned, till the fame shall be redeemed by parliament, in

fuch





37?	Anno	ferric Georgii I. c. 8.	[1716L

fuch proportions, and according to fuch a£t or a&s as (hail be made or paffed concerning the fame $ and that no fees or gratuity shall or may be demanded or taken of any of his Majesty’s fubje&s for paying the said annuities laft mentioned, or for any fuch transfers; neverthelefs the commiflioners of the treasury, or high treasurer for the time being, shall have power to aU low out of the monies to be imprefted, as aforefaid, fuch fabrics and allowances as they shall think reafonable, to the said cafhier and accountant general for the time being refpe&ively, for their pains and chaiges relating to the payments and accounts of the said annuities fo to be purchased after a rate not exceeding five pounds per centum per annum, as aforefaid, and the charges of palling luch accounts, and being discharged of the fame.

Transfers not LI. And it is hereby enadted and declared by the authority

liable to high- aforefaid, That ail transfers or aflignments of ftock or additional

cr ftamp-du- flock in the books of the said governor and company, shall not

ties than are hereafter be or made liable to any higher or greater duties now payable. thanarenowpa^b,eforthefame 6

LII. And be it further enabled by the authority afbre&d, b*U o?cooo 1. That for the greater eafe and difpatch of the publick bufinefs at each, (not ex- the Exchequer, it shall and may be lawful to and for the com-ceeding 50) to miflioners of the treasury, or any three or more of them now bc-** dhcll^d ing, or for the high treafurer, or any three or more of the com-in lieu oAef- midic>ners of the treasury for the time being, and they are here-fcr bills of the by authorized and enjoined, upon requeft to be made by the tike value, said governor and company, or their fucceffors, to caufe Exchequer-bills of five thousand pounds each (fo as they do not exceed fifty fuch bills in the whole, over and above the bills for five thousand pounds each made forth by any former a£t of parliament in that behalf) to be made forth at the receipt of the Exchequer, and to be delivered to the said governor and company in lieu of the like value of the principal contained in Exchequer-bills for lefler fums now (landing out, as afore&id, to be delivered up at the fame time by the said governor and company to be cancelled and difeharged, and to be kept there; which current only new bills of five thousand pounds each, shall be current only in between the payments between the Exchequer and the bank of England^ and ^Xd hiC<l bCF k *n ot^er	Audi	be	fubjedt	to	the	fame rules, methods,

an the ban . cont;nuance> power of redemption, and carnr the like intereft, and have the fame fecurity, benefits and advantages; and the fame pains of death, and other pains, penalties and forfeitures for any crime or offence relating thereunto, (haljsbe infii&ed, incurred and put in execution, as if they had been bills originally ifTued, in purfuance of the said former ads, or any of them} any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithflanding. f LIII. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid,

* That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said governor and SSftics, company, and their fucceflbrs, at any time or times, by writing under their common feal, to affign the said annuities of eighty eight thousand seven hundred and fifty one pounds (even shillings and Jen pence halfpenny, and one hundred thoufand

pounds

. Hat.

Anno tprtio CEORqri L C-8r	gyg

ounds by this ad granted, as.aforefeid, or either of them, or ny part of or interest in them, or eitnerof them, or in any part hereof, as alfo fuch annuities after the'rate of fivepotmdsp/r«»r wem per andum, and the {aid two millions five hundred thousand sounds, or lb much thereof as shall be advanced by.thefiud go-r«moraad company in puriuance of this ad, or any part of fuch ad mentioned annuities, to any person or periods whatfbever,and o toties	yuofies', which (aid aifighments mail not be revhkable or fo a, they en~

ubjed to any tax; fo always that an entry or memorandum of ter fuch af-uch alignment? as (haO be fo made, be made in a book or books figment* in a or that purpbfe in the office of the aciditor of the receipt of the Exchequer, far which entry no fee or reward shall be taken. fiCe.

LIV. Provided always, and it is hereby cnaded and declared N , by the authority aforefaid, That nothing in this ad contained jtni£t°the m». shall hinder or obftrud, or be conftruea to hinder or obftrud king good the the making good any deficiency or deficiencies, which at any deficiencies time or times shall happenof or in the yearly fond of one hun- “ajrth dredand fixteen thousand five hundred seventy three pounds22i?yftindrf twelve shillings mentioned in an .ad of parliament 6f the first 116,57}!. 1* t. year of his Majesty’s reign, intituled. aft far reftifying mif-1 Geo. 1 *-* takes in tie names of the lommijfuners for the land-tax for the year *• *• *• me thousand /even hundred and fourteen; and for railing Jo much as is wanting to mate up the	fum of fosurteen hundred , ■

mtondtdto heraifed by a lottery for.the	puhlk servicein the said year, ■

but that every fuch deficiency shall and. may be made good and finished outof any the publick unappropriated monies, as if this cud had never been made} any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

LV. And it is hereby declared and enaded by the authority Vote of the 1 afore&idy That any vote or reiblution of the houfe of com- houfe of commons, fignified by the (peaker of the said houfe in writing, and delivered at the publick office of the laid governor and company, or their foccellhrs, (ball be deemed and adjudged to be a fum- no’tice. cieot notice within the words and meaning of this ad j any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

LVI. Provided always, and be it enaded by the authority This ad not aforefaid. That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be prejudice the con fir ued to extend to prevent or hinder the payment of the payment of ' fum of twenty thousand pounds per ammmt which his Majesty outrf in his -great goodnefs bath been gracioufly pleafed to grant or the Excbe- ' appoint to his royal higbnefs the prince of /rales, by letters pa- quer, to his tents bearing date the tirft day of Oftober in the second year of roX.d h'gh-his Majesty’s reign} but that the fame shall be iflued and paid ner*‘ from tiaae to time by the commissioners of the treasury, or the treafiirer.and under-treaforer of the Exchequer for the time be- 4 ing, outof the yearly fum of one hundred and twenty thousand pounds by the faid.former ads of parliament appointed, and by tbit ad continued, for the serviceof his Majesty’s houftiold anft family, and other his necefiary occafions, in the fame form and manner as thefame bath been iflued and paid hitherto, as if thi9 ad had never been made; any thing herein contained to the coalrary.tbereof in any will notwithftanding.

CAP.





gto	Anno	tercio	Georgiy I. c*gf.

;	cap.	nc

An aB for redeeming the duties and revenues wbieb mrt

•	fettled to fay off principal mud interef on the ardors mode

*	forth on four lottery aBs puffed in tbe usnSb and tenth

I years of her Idte Mmejtfs reign-, and for • radeatmktg attain annuities payable on orders oat of the hereditary ex* k cifty according to a former aB in that behalf $ and for '	, tftablijhing a general yearly fund, not only for the future

-	payment of annuities at feverel rata to be payable end ttansferrable at the bank of England, and redeemable by parliament, but alfo to raift monies for fitch proprietors Of the said orders as Jball chobfe to be paid their principal and arrears of inter eft in ready money \ and fot making

-	good fucb other deficiencies and payments as in this aB arc

\	mentioned	\	and for taking, off the duties on litsfud im-

ported, and Britifh linen exported.

* Anruc.t.	OST	gracious Sovereign, Whereas by an aB of patliamm

Farther provi- 1VI made ahdpajfei in the ninth year of the reign of her late motion* for the jelly Queen Anne, (of blejfed memory) several euftoms, Jkbfidies or k111 k*	'duties were revived, continued and made payable for and upon certain

made'by *** 'goods and merchandifes which should be exported /rw* Great Britain 4 Geo. i. c.io from and after the eighth day of March in the year Of our Lord ate «Geo. i. c. j. thousand Jeven hundred and ten, during the term of thirty two yearn & 6 Geo. i. from thence next enfuing (except as therein is excepted) and a duty of ^xGco! ijc.i. twelve pence per hundredweight was thereby impofed upon the ex*-* portatioh of leather, Jheep Jkins and calve Jkbis, tanned, Sawed or drejfed, which wire thereby permitted to be bought and exported daring the fame term: and it was thereby enaBid, That fivetal duties therein mentioned (and none other) should be payable for ail coals, which during the said term should be exported or Jhipped to be exported beyond the feas; and that during the Jaid term there should be raised and paid for and upon all coals, culm and cynders (except as therm is excepted) which should be Jhipped or waterborn, and carried firm any port or place in Great Britain, to any other port or place within the fame; and for all coals (if any fuch be) which should be imported into Great Britain from any foreign parts, the refpeB'sve duties therein mentioned; and that there should be raised and paid far and upon all candles, 'which during the term of thirty tw4 years, to be reckoned froth the twenty fifth day of March in the year of mar Lord one thousand seven hundred and eleven, should be imported at brought into Great Britain, or made within the fame, the further duties therein mentioned: and it was thereby alfo enaBei and declared. That the several duties impofed by the said aB, and all the metrics, which during the term of thirty two years, to be reckoned from the Jaid eighth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ten, should arift of or for an hereditary duty of one per centum chargeable wpan goods exported in certain Jhips to the Mediterranean fea, and if Or for mother hereditary duty formerly impofed on white woolen cloths,

fimH



ryi 6]	Aano	tsrtio Georoii I, c. 9.

Should be liable, and they are thereby appropriated for or towards mak-:/7£ good a certain fund of one hundred thirty five thousand pounds per annum thereby fettled * or intended to be fettled during the term thirty two years (which commenced from the five and twentieth day cf March one thousand seven hundred and eleven) for anfwer-ing and paying all and every the principal fums therein after mentioned, amounting in the whole to nineteen hundred twenty eight thousand five hundred and seven ty pounds, together with interejl for the famer after the rate of fix pounds per centum per annum, to fuch berfom as jhould contribute or advance the furn of fifteen hundred tboufaiid pounds for carrying on the then war, or to thofe claiming from or under them, in the manner thereby preferibed : and it was thereby matted, That any furplus or remainder of the monies arifing by the rates and duties granted or appropriated by that aft yearly (over arid above the said yearly fum of one hundred thirty Jive thousand pounds) fioould be applied for or towards the difcharging the said principal monies payable by virtuf of that aft: And whereas by an aft made and pajfed in the said ninth year of her late Maiefifs reign, for ejlablijhing a general pojl-office, it was enafted, That from and after the twenty ninth day ^/' September one thousand seven hundred and eleven, during the term of thirty two years from theme next en-fuing, the weekly fum of seven hundred pounds, out of the duties and revenues arifing by that aft, should be bnugbt and paid into the receipt of the Exchequer, as is therein mentioned: and by another aft of the Jaid ninth year of her Majejlfs reign, feyeral duties were laid upon fuch hides and Jkins, and pieces of hides and Jkins, vellum and parchment as are therein fpecified, for the term of thirty two years, reckoned from the twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and eleven : and by another aft of the fame year a power was given for licenfingfuch persons as, after the twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, at any time or times within the term of thirty two years, should drive or keep any hackney-coach or coach-horfes in London, Weftminiler, cr the fuburbs of the fame, or within the parijbes comprised within the weekly bills of mortality, not exceeding the number therein limited, referring upon every fuck licence the weekly fum of five Jbillings to be paid monthly after its commencement, during the continuance thereof refpeftively \ and a power was thereby given for licenfing all fuch hackney-chairs, which aftef the twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and eleven, at any time or times within the term of thirty two years from thence next enfuing, should be kept and ufed for hire in London and Weft-minder, and the Juburbs thereof, and within all the parijbes and places comprized within the weekly bills of mortality, reserving upon every fuch licence the annual fum of ten Jbillings to be paid quarterly during the continuance of every fuch licence for a chair: and it was thereby tnafted. That there Jlmld be throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, raifed, levied and paid, J'everal duties for vellum, parchment and paper, whereupon several things should be ingrojfed, writteif or printed, or whereby several matters should be done (as is therein exprejfed) within or during the term of thirty two years, to be reckoned from thefir ft day of Auguft one thoufand/even hundred and elevenrf Vol. Alii.	Cc	and

&

6 Geo. x. c. 4*

Second lottery 9 Ann. c. io»

9 Ann. c. xu

9 Ann. c. 13*



}8fc	Anno	tcrtio	Georgii	I. c.9.	[1716.

end that from and after the eleventh day of June one thousand /even hundred and elez-en9 during the term of thirty two years from thence next enfuing9 there fbould be raifed, levied and paid, for all playing cards and dice, which within or during the term lafl mentioned fbould be made ft for fale or ufe in Great Britain, or imported into theJame9 the duties therein mentioned 5 and that during the like term there fbould be paid a certain duty upon rock fait which fbould be put cn board any Jhip or vejfel in Great Britain, and exported to Ireland, or entred out for fuch exportation: and by the aft laft mentioned it 9 Ann. c.13. wa$ furi}jer	That yearly and every year during the term cf

thirty two years (which commenced from the twenty ninth day of September one thousand seven hundred and eleven) the sum of one hundred eighty fix thousand fix hundred and seventy pounds, by or out of the monies to arife of or for the said weekly fum of seven hundred pounds out of the revenues of the general letter-office, and by or out cf all the monies to arife of or for the said duties on hides and Jkinsy arJ

9 Ann. c. 11. pieces of hides and fkins, vellum and parchment, by virtue of the fail

other aftSy or either of them^ and by the said licences for hackney-coaches and chairSy and by the said particular duties upon ftampt vel-hn7, parchment and paper, and upon cards and dicey and upon the

10	Ann. c. 19. exportation of rock-falt for Ireland, granted as aferefaidy or to be

* made good by fuch ways and means as are therein mentionedy fbould be a yearly fund for anjwering and paying all and every the principal fums thereby appointed to be paidy amounting in the whole to tun millions fix hundred and two thousand two hundred pounds, together with interejl for the fame after the rate of fix pounds per centum per annum, to fuch terfons as fbould contribute or advance the sum of two millions for the Jervice of ‘ the then wary and other her Majefiy s occafionSy or to thofe claiming from or under them in the manner thereby preferibed. And whereas by certain claujis contained in 10 Ann. c. 19. an aft of the tenth year of her said late Majefiy* s reign, a power was given to licence an additional number not exceeding one hundred hackney chairSy which after the twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and twelve y at any time or times within or during the term of thirty two years from thence next enfuingy fbould be kept and ufd for hire within the cities and limits aforefaidy referving upon every fuch licence the like yearly rent of ten JhiUingsy payable quarterly which rents are thereby added to the said fundfor or towards payment Fir ft lottery of the principal and interejl hfi mentioned. And whereas by an aef sf 10 Ann. c. 19. parliament made and paffcfi in the tenth year of her said late Majefiy* s reign y it was e no tiedy That there fbould be raised and paid for and upon all fopey which during the term of thirty two years, to be reckoned from the tenth day cf June one thousand seven hundred and twelvgy fbould be imported into or made in Great Britain, the re-fpeftive duties therein fpcclfied; and for and upon all paper of whet kind foevery and all pafiboardsy mildboards and fcaleboards; and all looksy prints and mapSy which during the term of thirty two years, to be reckoned from the twenty fourth day of June one thoufandfeven hundred and twelvey fbould be imported into Great Britain, several duties therein particularly exprejfed; and for and upon all paper of what kind foevery and upon all pafiboardsy mildboards andfealeboardsy 6	which



1716.1	Anno	tertio Georgii I. C. .	383

which during the term laji mentioned jhould he made in Great Britain, Jeveral duties therein alfo particularly exprejfed-, and for and upon all chequered and Jlripei linens, and upon all linens printed, painted, Jlained or dyed in any foreign parts, which during the term of thirty two years, to be reckoned from the twentieth day ^ July one thousand seven hundred and twelve, should be imported into Great Britain, and might lawfully be ufed or worn there, a duty after the rate of fifteen pounds for every one hundred pounds of the true and real value thereof > and for and uponiall filks, callicoes, linens and fluffs, which during the term laji mentioned jhould be printed, Jlained, painted, or dyed in Great Britain (except as therein is excepted) several duties therein expreffedand for the several and refpefltve things therein particularly mentioned, which at any time or times within or during the term of thirty two years, to be reckoned from the firfl day of Auguft one thousand seven hundred and twelve, jhould be ingrojfed, printed or written, the several and refpeflive duties therein particularly fpecified: and it was thereby enabled. That yearly and every year, during the term of thirty two years (which commenced from the twenty ninth day of September one tnoufand seven hundred and tivehe) the full fum of one hundred sixty eight thousand and three pounds, by and out oj the monies of the several duties by that all granted, or to be made good, as is therein mentioneiy jhould be a yearly fund for or towards anfwering and paying off all and every the principal fums therein mentioned, amounting in the whole to two millions three hundred forty one thousand seven hundred and forty pounds, with interejl after the rate of fix pounds per centum per annum, to fuch persons as jhould contribute or advance the sum of eighteen hundred thoujand pounds for carrying on the then war, or to thofe claiming from or under them in the manner thereby preferibed. And whereas by an all made and paffed in the said tenth Second lottery year of her said late Maje/ifs reign, it was enabled. That there 10 Ann. c. *6. jhouldfe ratfed and paid for and upon fuch Jkins and hides, and pieces of Jkins and hides, and for and upon fuch made wares therein deferib-eiy as during the term of thirty two years, to be reckoned from the firfl day of Auguft one thousand seven hundred and twelve, jhould be imported into Great Britain, the additional rates or new dutiesthere-in particularly expreffed; and for and upon all fuch Jkins and hides, and pieces of jkins and hides therein deferibed, as during the fame term should be tanned, tawed or drefjed in Great Britain, the additional rates or new duties therein alj'o particularly exprejfed; and for and upon all vellum and parchment, which during the fame term jhould be made in Great Britain, or imported into the fame, fuch additional rates or new duties as are therein fpecified and for and upon all (larch, which during the fame term jhould be imported into or made in Great Britain, the refpeflive duties therein mentionedand for and upon all coffee, tea and drugs (except as therein is excepted) which within or during the term of thirty two years, to be reckoned from the jixteenth day of June one thousand seven hundred and twelve, should be imported into Great Britain, the new duties therein exprejfed; and for and upon all gilt and fiver wire, which during the term of thirty two years, to be reckonedfrom the firjl day of July one thousand feven

Cca	-	hundred



Anno tertio Georgii I. eg.	[1716.

hundred and twelve, should be imported into or made in Great Britain, the rejpeftive duties therein mentioned; and for and upon every policy of affurance, which during the term of thirty two yean to it reckoned from the firfi day of Auguft one thousand fiven hundred ant twelve, should be made or entred into within the cities of London and Weftminfter, or elsewhere within the limits of the weekly bSls of mortality, an additional duty therein expref'ed: and it was thereby enabled. That yearly and every year, during the term of thirty tw years, which commenced Jrom the twenty ninth day 0/* September one thousand /even hundred and twelve, the sum of one hundred and [x-ty eight thousand and three pounds, by and out of the monies of the several duties by that aft granted, or to be made good, as is therein mentioned, should be a yearly fund for or towards anfwering or pacing off all and every the principal fums therein mentioned, arrwnt'w in the whole to two millions three hundred forty one thousand m hundred and ninety pounds, with interest after the fate of fix pom per centum per annum, to fuch persons as should contribute or advance the sum of one million eight hundred thousand pounds for hr Majesty s fupply, or to thofe claiming from or under them, in the manner thereby preferibed. And whereas by the several afts before recited, it was provided. That if the several duties by them refpeftively granted or appropriated, for raifing the several yearly funds by them efablfb-ed or intended to be ejlablijhed, should at the end of any one year appear to be deficient for anfwering the said yearly funds refpeftkd}, that then fuch deficiencies should be made good cut of the next aids u be granted in parliament, or otherwife, as by the fame afts refpeftivi-ly is preferibed: and her said late Majefiy by the fame afts refpeftivt-ly, was authorized to appoint managers or direftors, who, or firnsf them, were thereby refpeftively dire ft ed to prepare lottery tickets,erd to caufe the said lottery tickets to be drawn in fuch several manners os were thereby appointed, and to tranfmit into the office of the audit# df the receipt oj the Exchequer, books containing the names, fumme and places of abode, of the persons, which upon fuch drawings Jhdl be inti tied to fuch fortunate or beneficial lots as are therein Jet dm \ and that the fame persons, their executors, adminifirators and afjifts refpeftively, should have, receive and enjoy, out of the said rejpedivt funds, the principal monies which should be entred in fucb books fa thent refpeftively, in courfe or courfes, and the intere(l thereof byJud payments as in the said afts are fever ally preferibed; and that tk other contributors or adventurers, upon the said several afts (not facing fortunate lots) their executors, adminifirators and ajfigns, relatively Jhotild have, receive and enjoy, out of the said rejpeftive funis, fuch principal monies, in courfe or courfes, and fuch interefi, as in and by the said lottery afts refpeftively were preferibed for them fiver ally to have, receive and enjoy; and by the Jame afts it ms f verally dire ft ed, that the [aid tickets should be exchanged for flaniiq orders, and that fuch orders should be regiftred, and be affignaUn and that during the several terms therein mentioned, (unlefs the principal and interefi dire ft ed to be paid by the said several afts, fed be fooner paid off) the said duties should be feveraUy applied for anfwering thesaid principal and interefi, and other purposes therein m-'	mi:



3*5

tyi6.3	Anno tertio Georgii I. c. <)♦

tuned: and in the several a fit for the said lotteries are contained federal provifoes or clauies y importing, that if before the end of the rcfpeflive terms of thirty two years therein mentioned, all the principal and interest monies payable by virtue of the fame afls refpeflive-Jyy Jbould be fully paid and difihargedy or fufficient money should be referved in the Exchequer for payment thereof that then and in fuch *afey and from thenceforth the duties by the fame afls refpeflively granted or charged therewith, JJoould ceajey or be difpofcable by authority of parliament, and not otherwifey as by the said several aflsy relation being thereunto feverally had\ doth and may more fully and cat large appear. And whereas the said several firms of one million Jive hundred thousand pounds, two millions, one million eight hundred thousand pounds, and one million eight hundred thousand pounds, were advanced for the publick servicey upon the several afls before-mentioned, and the tickets thereby directed were made forth and ckawn, and books were tranfinittedy or are to be tranfmitted into the Exchequer by the said managers or direflorsy or by fopie other persons appointed thereunto, in purfuance of afls of parliament in that behalf \ and the said several fums of one million nine hundred twenty eight thousand five hundred and seventy pounds, two millions fix hundred and two thousand two hundred pounds, two millions three hundred forty one thoufand[even hundred and forty pounds, mid two millions three hundred forty one thousand nine hundred and ninety pounds , became payable as principal monies, with interefiy after the said rate of fix pounds per centum per annum, to the fiver al contributors or adventurersy or to claimants from or under themy according to their several Jhares thereiny and Jlanding orders have been or are to be made forth for the fame. And whereas several fums amounting to one million fix hundred sixty fix thousand and seventy poundsy or thereabouts, (part of the said principal fium of one million nine hundred twenty eight thousand five hundred and seventy pounds) and two millions five hundred twenty five thousand nine hundred and seventy pounds, or thereabouts, [part of the [aid principal fum of two millions Jix hundred and two thousand two hundred pounds) and two millions two hundred fifty eight thousand five hundred and twenty potindsy or thereabouts, [part of the said principal fum of two millions three hundred forty one thoufandfeven hundred and forty pounds) and two millions three hundred and twelve thousand and sixty five poundsy or thereabouts, [part of the said principal fum of two millions three hundred forty one thousand nine hundred and ninety pound;) do upon mthe fourth day of March one thousand seven hundred and fixteeny re-main unfatisfied \ which principal fums fi remaining unfatisfiedy do amount in the whole to eight millions seven hundred sixty two thousand fix hundred twenty five pounds, or thereaboutsy carrying interefi after the [aid rate of fix pounds per centum per annum. And whereas in ana by an afl of parliament made and pajfed in the twelfth year of Annuities on the reign of his said late majcjly King William, it was [amongfi other things) provided and enafledy That in lieu and difcharge of certain c< petpetual annual payments, and of all arrears thereof granted by his late majcjly King Charles the Secondy by Utters patents cut oj the hereditary revenue of ex rife, in fatisfaflion of certain principal fums

C c 3	men-



386

»&jAnn.c.3

Anno tertio Georgii I. c. 9.	[ 1716.

mentioned in the said letters patents to be then due from his /aid late Majejly^ to the refpeftive patentees therein named, the feud hereditary revenue of excife Jhould', from and after the twenty fixtb day ef December one thousand seven hundred and five, be and fland charged and chargeable for ever with the payment of annual fums after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, for the principal fums mentioned in the said refpeftive letters patents, to be iJJ'uei and paid out of the said revenue by quarterly payments out of the reuipt of the Exchequer by the officers of the fame, unto the reJpcdJive owners and proprietors of the said annual fums, and to their heirs and affigns for ever, without any fee or charge; the said annual payments, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, to be Jubfid yievertkelefs to be redeemed upon payment of a moiety of the principaljum mentioned in the said refpeftive letters patents: and by or in purjuance of an aft made in the Jecond year of the reign of her said late majesty ' Queen Anne, the refpeftive proprietors have or ought to havefend* ing orders for payment of the annuities Lift mentioned, quarterly, until the fame /hall be redeemed, as aforejaid, free from aU taxes and impofitions whatfoever. And whereas the whole of all the Jums mentioned in the said letters patents, did amount to one million throe hundred twenty eight thousand Jive hundred aid twenty fix pounds, and the moiety thereof , for which the said annual fums are redeemable, doth amount to fix hundred fixiy four thousand two hundred sixty three pounds, and the said annual fums, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, wherewith the said hereditary revenue is now charged, or liable to be charged, till fuch redemption, doth amount to thirty nine thousand eight hundred fifty five pounds fifteen /hillings seven pence and one fifth part of a penny per annum, (which is equal to a rate of fix pounds per centum per annum for the faidfim ef fix hundredfixty four thousand two hundred sixty three pounds.) And whereas jtnee the making of the jeveral afts herein above rioted, the common rate of interefi for money is very touch leffiened, jo that it is become jufi and reajonable for the publici to have and enjoy as well the benefit of redeeming the said several duties and revenues charged or chargeable with the said lottery orders fo remaining ustfo-tisfied, as alfo the benefit of redeeming the said annual fums now payable out of the hereditary excife. And whereas the proprietors of tie said lottery orders, or several of them, are or may be willing and de-firous to accept (in lieu and dtfcharge thereof) an annuity or annuities after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum redeemable by parliament, and the proprietors of the said annual fums now charged or chargeable upon the said hereditary excife, or several of them, ate or may be alfo willing and deftreus to accept (in lieu and difiebarge thereof) an annuity or annuities after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, redeemable by parliament, and to be computed only Upon one moiety of their refpeftive principal fums (by the payment if which moieties, their annual payments, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, were formerly made redeemable# as afore-faid:) and several of the proprietors of the said lottery orders art or may be willing and deftrous to have their principal and intetrjl due thereupon, pqid and fatisfied to them in ready money j and several of

the



1716.]	Anno	tertio	Georgii I. c. 9.	3	J7

the proprietors of the said annual fums payable out of the hereditary exctfe, are or may be alfo willing and defirous to have the moiety of the principal monies (for which the fame are redeemable, as aforefaid) paid and fatisfied to them in ready money \ and several persons or cor-porations are or may be willing to advance ready monies for the pur-pofes aforefaid, and for other the purposes in this alt particularly mentioned, Jo as they refpeltively for their monies fo to be advanced may have fuch annuities as are herein after exprejfedy fecured to them refpeltively, until redemption thereof by parliament, according to the true meaning of this alt: now to the end a good, fure and fuffi-cient fund and fecurity may be fettled and eftablifhed for the due, regular, and conftant payment of all the annuities which shall be payable by or in purfuance of this aft, until fuch several and refpeftivc redemptions, as aforefaid, we your Majesty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjefts, the commons of Great Britain in parliament aflfembled, do moft humbly pray your Majesty that it may be enafted, and be it enacted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by authority of the fame, That all fuch or the like cuftoms. Duties, See. fubfidies, impofitions, additional impofitions, rates, duties, addi- granted for tional rates and duties, and all proportional parts of any duties, making good and all revenues and weekly or other payments out of any duties	*cv*ral

or revenues which were granted, impofed, appropriated, or direft- 17 1111 9* ed by the said several recited afts, and every of them, or by any continued, other aft or afts of parliament now in force, for fuch several and 9 G*0* *•c* refpeftive terms or years as are therein mentioned, for or towards the anfwering, paying, fecuring, or making good the said several and refpeftive funds of one hundred thirty five fhoufand pounds	annum, one hundred eighty fix thousand fix hundred

. and seventy pounds per annum, one hundred sixty eight thousand arid three pounds per annum, and one hundred sixty eight thousand and three pounds per annum, or for or towards payment of the principal and interest monies on the said lottery orders, and for or towards anfwering or paying the said annual fums amounting to thirty nine thousand eight hundred fifty five pounds fifteen shillings seven pence and one fifth part of a penny perannum9 (except as in the said several afts or any of them is excepted,

Sind except fuch of the said duties or revenues as are since taken away by any other aft or afts of parliament in that behalf) shall continue and be paid and payable to his Majesty, his heifs and fucceflors for ever, for the purposes in this a<ft preferibed and directed *, and that fuch of the hereditary duties mentioned in the said former a<fts of parliament, or any of them, as during the rtfpeAive terms of years therein expreffed were appropriated or direfted to be applied, for or towards the payment of the said yearly hinds or fums, or any of them, shall alfo continue and be paid and payable to his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors for ever, for the purposes in this aft preferibed and direfted ; and that all and every 'the powers, which, in and by the said w;th nkepow-former afts, or any of them, were vefted, or intended to be ers to grant

C C 4	veiled licences, and



fing the said revenues

to do other veiled in her said late Majesty, or fuch commiflionersor othm, things for rat- as (he (hould appoint, for granting licences, or doing any other

li rt nr t li# foi/l	a *	«	•	*	•

matters or things in order to raiie any the duties or revenues hereby intended to be continued and made perpetual, (hail be and are, by force and virtue of this ad, revived and veiled in his Majesty, his heirs and fuccefiors, and his and their com-miflioners, in the fame manner, for raifing the fame duties or revenues refpeftively for the purposes in and by this aft preferibed and directed ; and that all other powers, authorities, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, difabilities, clauics, matters, and things whatfoever, contained in the said former acts of parliament, and every or any of them, now being in force, for raifing, collecting, levying, recovering, anfaering, paying, and accounting for the said cuftoms, fubfidies, impo-fitions, rates, duties, and additional rates and duties, artd proportional parts of duties, and the said revenues, and weeklvor other payments out of anv duties or revenues granted, impo: d, appropriated or directed for fuch several and refpective terms of years, as aforesaid (except as is before excepted) (hail be revived, and be for ever continued, practifed, and put in execution, for raifing, collecting, levying, recovering, anfwering, paying, and accounting for the said cuftoms, fubfidies, impositions, rates and duties, additional rates and duties, propor-,	tional	parts, and the said weekly and other payments out of

any duties or revenues by this act intended to be continued and made perpetual, for the pyrpofes in and by this aft preferibed and directed, as fully and effectually as if the fame powers, authorities, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, difabilities, claufes, matters and things, were at large repeated and particularly re-enacted in the body of this present aft; the said former acts, or any of them, or any thing therein contained to the But fubjeft to epntrary potwitbftanding: neverthelefs the said cuftoms, fub-redemption, fidies, impofitions, rates, duties, additional duties, propor-9 Geo. i.c. 5. jiona( parts, weekly and other payments, and every of them, by this aft intended to be continued and made perpetual, as aforefaid, shall be fubjeft Jo fuch provifoes and powers of redemption as are hereafter in and by this act contained and prescribed of and concerning the fame.

All the monies* II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, to be brought That all the monies arifing of or for the said cuftoms, fubfidies, chequer and	rates, duties, additional duties, proportional pans,

regiltred

there.

K .

weekly and other payments, hereby intended to be continued and made perpetual, fubjeft to fuch redemption as afeneiaid, (except the neccflary charges of raifing, collecting, levying, re-covering, anfwering, paying, and accounting for the fame) (hall, from time to time, be brought into the receipt of th$ Exchequer for the ufes and purposes in this aft preferibed; and (hall, from time to time, be fairly and diftinftly entred and re* giftred in one or more book or books to be kept in the offices gf the avditor of the receipt and ctak of the pells, fcvwdly for

that





3*9

that purpofe, to which all persons concerned, at all feafonable times, shall have free accefs, without fee or charge.

III.	And it is hereby alio enalted, That all the monies. The monies 'which, from and after the twenty-ninth day of September one ar,^S*|ter thousand seven hundred and feventeen, shall be brought into appn^riated* tiie Exchequer, or shall be then remaining there, of or for the for payment laid cuftoms, fubftdies, impofitions, rates, duties, additional of annuities duties, proportional parts, weekly and other payments, by this	b2

and the said former alts, or any of them, granted or continued, s 9 as aforefaid, (except the neceftary charges of iffuing and apply-ing the said monies to the fame ufes and purpofes, and rendring the accounts thereof) shall be and are hereby appropriated, and lhall be iffued and applied to and for the payment and fatisfac-tion of fuch annuities as shall be payable by virtue of this a<ft, and making fuch other payments as are hereby direlted, in their due onler, method and form, and with fuch preferences, and fubjelt to fuch redemptions, as are in and by this alt pre-fcribed of and concerning the fame refpeltively, and without any fee or charge whatfoever to be demanded of or paid by the re(peltive persons or corporations, who are to receive the said monies; and that the refpeltive officers of the Exchequer, who /hall make any delay in iffiiing or paying the fame, or shall be guilty of diverting or mifapplymg any of the"said monies, contrary to this alt, for any fuch offence shall be forejudged from their refpeltive offices or places, and be rendred incapable to fen e his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, in any office or im-pu>ment of rruft or profit whatfoever, and shall alfo be liable to pay double the value of any fum or fums of money fo delayed, diverted, or mifapplied, to the party grieved, to be recovered by action of debt, or upon the cafe, bill, fuit or information, in any his Majesty’s courts of record at Wefiminfier, wherein no efloin, protection, wager of law, or more than one imparlance lhall be grantee and allowed.

xV. And whereas the said yearly fums of one hundred thirty-five thousand pounds, one hundred eighty-fix thousand fix hundred and fe-Vciity pounds*, one hundred fixty-tight thousand and three pounds, one hundred fixty-eight thousand and three pounds;, and thirty-nihe thousand tignl hundred fifty -fiv* pounds fifteen Jbillings seven pence and one fifth part of a penny, adding thereunto the above-mentioned furplus or remainder of the duties granted by the aft of the ninth year of her late Majesty's reign fitji above recited (which furplus or remainder 9 Ann. c, was thereby alfo made applicable towards difeharging the principal monies payable by virtue of that aft* and communibus annis hath amounted to twenty seven thousand three hundred and feventeen pounds eleven jhillings and three pence per annum) do amount in the whole to seven hundred twenty four thousand eight hundred forty-nine pounds fixjbiilings. and ten pence and one fifth part of a penny per annum: 7*4»*49l- **• now it is hereby further enalted by the authority aforefaid,

That yearly and every year, reckoning the first year to begin from the feaft of St. Michael the arch-angel in the year of our Explained by J*ord $n£ th^dand seven hundred and feventeen, and from cGeo.i.c.i. -	thenceforth	§ce s Geo. u

c. 19.



Deficiencies shall be made good out of the first aids granted by parliament.

Managers and directors to prepare books for fubrcrip-, tions, &c.

Anno tertio Georgii I. c. 9.	[1716.

thenceforth for ever (fubje& ncverthelefs to filch provifoesand powers of redemption as are hereafter in this a& contained) the full fum of seven hundred twenty-four thousand eight hundred forty-nine pounds fix fhilhngs and ten pence and one fifth pan of a penny, by or out of the monies arifing of or for the laid cuftoms, fubfidies, impofitions, rates, duties, additional duties, proportional parts, weekly and other payments by this ad appropriated and directed to be brought, from time to time, into the Exchequer, as aforefaid, in ode the feme shall extend to the said fum of (even hundred twenty-four thousand right hundred forty-nine pounds fix shillings and ten pence and one fifth part of a penny per annum, shall be computed and reckoned to be a general yearly fund $ and in cafe all the monies fo arifing into the Exchequer of or for the said cuftoms, fubfidies, impofitions, rates, duties, additional duties, proportional parts, weekly and other payments, shall not amount to (even hundred twenty-four thousand eight hundred forty-nine pounds fix shillings and ten pence and one fifth part of a penny per axm, then the monies fo arifing, fo far as the fame will extend, shall be part of the said general yearly fund of seven hundred twenty-four thousand eight hundred forty-nine pounds fix shillings and ten pence and one fifth part of a penny per annum, for and towards the anfwering and paying all the annuities and payments by this a<ft charged or chargeable thereupon; and in cafe all the monies by this adt appointed or appropriated, as aforefaid, (hal at any time or times appear to be fo deficient or low m the produce of the fame, as that within any one year to be reckoned, as aforefaid, the laid monies fo arifing into the Exchequer of or for all the said cuftoms, fubfidies, impofitions, rates, duties, additional duties, proportional parts. Weekly and other payments, shall not amount to fo much as seven hundred twenty-four thousand eight hundred fortv-nine pounds fix shillings and ten pence and one fifth part or a penny, that then, and fo often, and in every fuch cafe, fo much as shall be wanting to make up the said general fund or fum of seven hundred twenty-four thousand eight hundred forty-nine pounds fix shillings and ten pence and one fifth part of a penny, for every or any foch year, shall be fuppiied and made good, from time to time, by and out of the first aid or fupply to be granted in parliament next after fuch deficiency shall appear, and fhall, from time to time, be transferred thereunto, as foon as the fame shall be granted.

V. And it is hereby further ena&ed by the authority afbre-feid. That it shall ana may be lawful to and for the commif-fioners of the treasury, or any three or more of them, or the high treasurer of Great Britain for the time being, and they re-fpe&ively are hereby authorized and required, by writing under their refpeltivc hands, to conftitute and appoint fuch able and fit persons, and fuch or fo many of them, as the said commif-fioners of the treasury, or any three or more of them, or the feid high treasurer for the time being, fhall, from time to time*

think



*7*6.]	Anno	tertio Georgii I, c.9.	391

think, fit, to be managers or directors, for preparing books, and for overfeeing the fubfcriptions to be taken therein, and for doing and performing fuch other matters and things as are by this adt directed and appointed by fuch tpanagers and diredtors to be done and performed $ and that the managers or directors fo to be conftituted, (hall, according to fuch directions as they shall receive in writing from the said commissioners of the treasury, or any three or more of them, or from the said high treasurer for the time being, prepare books, and open the fame at fome convenient pubiick office or offices (whereof notice shall be given by writing, to be affixed upon the Royal Exchange in London, and alfo to be inferted in the London Gazette, fo that none may pretend ignorance) for taking fuch fubfcriptions as are to be taken therein, purfuant to this alt, within the time hereby limited in that behalf.

VI.	Provided always. That the said commissioners of the Treafury t® treasury, or high treasurer for the time being, shall or may dura the lob* caufe the said books to be opened for receiving the fubferip- fcriptiona* tions relating to all the said yearly funds of one hundred thirty-

five thousand pounds, one hundred eighty-fix thousand fix hundred and seventy pounds, one hundred fixty-eight thousand and three pounds, one hundred fixty-eight thousand and three pounds, and thirty-nine thousand eight hundred fifty-five pounds fifteen shillings seven pence and one fifth part of a penny, or fuch or fo many of them at a time, as they the said commissioners of the treasury, or high treasurer for the time being, shall find to be mod conducive to the pubiick service.

VII.	And it is hereby enadfed by the authority aforefaid, The books to That the said books, after the opening thereof, shall conftantly !!coPJn1ftfca~ lie open at all feafonable hours 5 and the refpedfive proprietors fonaWchour# of the said lottery-orders, and of the said annual fums payable

out of the said hereditary excife, or fuch person or persons as are or shall be impowered to fubferibe for them, or any of them, ihall have free accefs thereunto, and have liberty to make their refpe&ive fubfcriptions therein, according to this adl, without any fee or charge whatfoever; and that the said managers or directors, or fuch or fo many of them as shall be thereunto conftituted as aforefaid, shall conftantly attend and overfee the making of the said fubfcriptions, until the twenty-ninth day of September one thousand seven hundred and feventeen, unlefs the fubfcriptions for all the said lottery-orders, and the said annual fums charged on the hereditary excife, be fooner completed.

VIII.	And be k enadted by the authority aforefaid. That Perfons wil-fuch persons or corporations, being proprietors of fuch lottery'*

orders made forth, or to be made forth, as afbrelaid, or any of them, who are or ihall be willing and defirous to accept (in lieu5' and difeharge thereof) an annuity or annuities after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, redeemable by parliament, and fuch persons or corporations, being proprietors of the said annual fums charged or chargeable on the hereditary excife, or any of than, who are or shall be willing and defirous to accept



Anno tertio GeoRgii I. c, 9.

t«7**■

money, may make their fubferiptions accordingly.

(in lieu and difcharge thereof) an annuity or annuities after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, to be redeemable by parliament, and to be computed only upon one moiety of their refpe&ive principal fum$ (by payment of which moieties their annual payments of three pounds per centum per annum were formerly made redeemable, as aforefaid) shall or may, by them-felves refpecftively, or by fuch person or persons as they refpec-tively have authorized or shall authorize, by writing in this behalf, declare and fignify fuch his, her, or their defire or option under a proper preface in the book or books to be opened for that purpofe, as aforefaid, by fubferibing their names and places of abode, with other proper additions, within the time and thofe who before-mentioned : and that luch persons or corporations, be-defire ready ing proprietors of fuch lottery-orders made forth, or to be made forth, as aforefaid, or any of them, who are or shall be defirous to have their principal and interest grown due to be paid to them in ready money, and fuch persons or corporations being proprietors of the said annual fums charged or chargeable on the hereditary excife, or any of them, who are or shall be de-firous to have the said moiety of the said principal fums (for which they are redeemable, as aforefaid) paid to them in ready money, shall or may alfoby themselves refpe&ively, or by fuch person or persons as they refpe&ively have authorized or flull authorize, by writing in this behalf, declare and fignify fuch his, her, or their defire or option under a proper preface in the said book or books to be opened for that purpofe, by fubferibing their names and places of abode with other proper additions, witjiin the time herein before limited.

IX.	And it is hereby enadted and declared. That all execu-Sr thofe for tors* adminiftrators, guardians and truftees, (lull and maj whom they are make, or caufe to be made, fubferiptions in the said books, ei-entrufted. ther to have annuities or ready money, as aforefaid, for and on the behalf of their refpe&ive teftators, inteftates, or of infants, minors, femes covert, or others, for whom they are or shall be refpedlively intruded, and are and shall be by virtue of this ad indemnified in and for doing the fame.

Managers to X. And it is hereby alfo enatfed by the authority afordaid, llie That the said managers or dire<5tors (hall, on or before the Jail bwlwTntotheday October one thousand seven hundred and feventeen, de-Exchequer by liver or caufe to be delivered the said book or books which dull the laft of Oc- be opened, as aforefaid, with all the fubferiptions therein, (fuch tober 1717. book or books being first attefted under the hands and feals of two or more of the said managers or dire&ors) to the auditor of and adupli- the receipt of the Exchequer, to remain in his office forever*

cajhier of the anc* a^°> on or ^ef°re t^ie kft day °f November one thou* Bank, kc. by fend seven hundred and feventeen, deliver or caufe to be deli? 30N0V. 1717. vered one duplicate (attefted as aforefaid) of fo much of the Treafury to fold book or books as shall contain the fubferiptions of thofe to^^cafhiL- ^a!l ch°°fe the annuities of five pounds per centmper &c. of fuch of twnum, to the chief cafhier of the governor and company of the the orders for bank of England, aud a like duplicate to their accountant ge?

acral*

Executors, &c.



tyi6.]	Anno	tertio	Georgii I. c.9.	393

neral; and the said commissioners of the treasury, or any three which no fub-or more of them, or the high treasurer for the time being, (hall, (cnption1 hai before the twenty-fifth day of December one thousand fevcn hun- ma e* dred and feventeen, caufe the proper officers to tranfmit lifts (attefted by fuch officers) to the said chief cafhier and accountant general of the bank of England refpecftively, of all fuch of the said lottery-orders, and of all fuch of the said annual Aims charged or chargeable on the excife, for which no fuch fubfcriptions shall be made, as aforefaid, within the time before limited ; and that the said several duplicates and lifts shall remain in the refpecftive offices of the chief calhier and accountant general of the said governor and company for the time being, for their better guidance in making the payments and accounts, of and for the fame annuities.

XI.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. Accountant That the said accountant general for the time being (hall, general to de-upon reafonable demand, deliver gratis to every proprietor of“vert.ocvcry the said lottery-orders, or any of them, and of the said annual orde^acerti-payments charged on the hereditary excife, or any of them,

being comprehended or fpecified in the said duplicates or lifts by this a<ft required to be tranfmitted into his office as aforefaid, or to the refpe&ive affigns of fuch proprietors, a certificate thereof, to be grounded on the laid duplicates and lifts, or fome of them, fo as fhe lottery-order or the order charged on the excife (fpecified in fuch duplicates or lifts) be at the fame time f0^fuch delivered up to the said accountant general to be cancelled and ders be deli-made void; neverthelefs all the said lottery-orders fo cancelled vered up to shall be preferved by the said accountant general ; and that any bc cancelled, person or persons may have recourfe to the fame without fee or reward ; and the fame, or attefted copies thereof, may be given in evidence in any court of law or equity.

XII.	And it is hereby ena&ed by the authority aforefaid,

That all and every the proprietors of the said lottery-orders, or any of them, and of the said annuities charged or chargeable on the excife, or any of them, by or from whom fuch fubfcrip-

tions shall be made within the time herein before limited, fig- Proprietors to nifying his, her or their option or willingnefs to accept fuch h*ve annuities annuities in lieu thereof; and all and every other the proprietor fieuof^eU* 2nd proprietors of the said lottery-orders charged on the yearly lottery-orders* funds before-mentioned, or any of them, and all and every the &c. proprietors of the said annual fums chargeable on the hereditary excife, or any of them, and the executors, adminiftrators, fucceflors and affigns of all and every the said proprietors refpec-tively, (fuch proprietors of the said lottery-orders and annual fums of three pounds per centum per annum, or any of them, who, by fuch fubfcriptions as aforesaid to be made within the time before limited, shall choose to be paid in ready money, only and always excepted and foreprized) shall have, receive ana enjoy, and be entitled, by virtue of this act, to have, re- .

£eive and enjoy an annuity or annuities after the rate of five pounds per centum per anuum} qf lawful mpney of Great Britain,

in



Anno tertio Georgii I. c. g.	[1716.

in lieu and difeharge of fuch their several and refpeftive lottery-orders and annual payments, charged or chargeable as afore-faid; which annuities, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, shall be computed upon the said lottery-orders, for fo much as shall be due and unpaid for principal or intereftat and until Michaelmas one thousand seven hundred aud feven-teen inclufively, and shall be computed upon the said orders charged or chargeable on the hereditary excife for fo much as the said moieties of the said principal fums (for which they were made redeemable) and the arrears of the said annual fums of three pounds per centum per annum (if any fuch arrears be) chargeable on (hall, at and until Michaelmas one thousand seven hundred and feventeen, amount unto; and that all the said annuities, after the rate of five pounds *per centum per annum, shall be and are hereby charged upon, and shall be paid and payable out of the monies of the said general fund of seven hundred twenty-four thousand eight hundred forty-nine pounds fix shillings and ten pence and one fifth part of a penny per annum, by this adt eftab-lifhed, or intended to be eftablimed as aforefaid, by quarterly payments, at the four mod ufual feafts in the year, that is to fay, the feafts of the birth of our Lord Chrift, the annunciation ot the blefled virgin Maryy the nativity of Saint John baptift and Saint Michael the archangel, by even and equal portions, or

the

iun<

general

and payable quarterly till redeemed.

By 4 Geo. i. c. 10. fe6t. 1. thefe annuities are paya-

tereft to be computed till 24 June 1717.

blehalfyero’ ^a,nt Michael the archangel, by even and equal portions, or y within fix days after every of the said feaft-days, for ever, or until redemption or redemptions thereof shall be made according to the provifoes herein after contained in that behalf. Arrears of in- XIII. And whereas it may happen that feme of the said fubfiri-bers for annuities, at the time of making their fubferiptionsy msj have arrears of the said inter eft, after the rate of fix pounds per centum per annum, due to them upon computations to be made until and for the quarter ending at the feafe of the nativity of Saint John baptift one thousand seven hundred and feventeen indufrjch, ir is hereby provided, declared and enabled by the authority aforefaid, "That all luch arrears ofintereft, to be computed until and for the quarter to end at the said feaft of the nativity of Saint John baptift one thousand seven hundred and feventeen, (although fome of them are payable at other feaft-days) shall be paid and fatisfied out of the monies of the said yearly funds, or any of them, arifen or to arife at any time before Micbcihcs one thousand seven hundred and feventeen, without being converted into an annuity after the rate of five pounds per centum So much of per annum as aforefaid.

the 1,000,oool.	XIV. And whereas the governor and company of merchants sf

South Sea Great Britain trading to the South Seas and other parts of Ame-

companyb to rica» oni for encouraging the ffljery, are obliged, in and by an eft

advance, as of this fejflon of parliament, to advance and pay into the receipt of his

(hall actually Majefly's Exchequer fuch fum and fums of money, not exceeding in

be called tor, the whole the sum of two millions, at fuch times and by fuch propsr-

todtfchSrgp tl0ns at a time^ as commifftoners of the trcafury% or any thru tr

the lottery-or- more of them, or the high treasurer for the time being y /ball call for,

ders. See. %n the manner therein mentioned> on or before the twenty fourth iaj l Geo. 1, c. 9.	y	y



395

716.]	Anno	terdo Georgii I. c. 9.

f December one thousand j'even hundred and feventeen i now it is* lereby enadted and declared by the authority aforefaid, That he laid fum of two millions, or fo much thereof as shall be :alled for, and be adhially advanced and paid by the said governor and company of merchants of Great Britain into the re-:eiptof his Majesty’s Exchequer, in purfuanceof that ad, (hall, t>y the said commiflioners of the treasury, or any three or more or them, or by the high treasurer and under-treafurer of the Exchequer for the time being, without any further or other warrant to be fued for, had or obtained in that behalf, be iffued and applied for or towards the several ufes and purposes herein after limited and appointed of or concerning the fame; that is to fay, for or towards the paying off and difeharging the principal monies charged or chargeable on the said lottery-funds, every or any of them, and the interest payable for the fame, until the payment of the said principal to the refpedive proprietors thereof, who shall choose to be paid in ready money as aforefaid; and for or towards the paying off and difeharging the said moiety of the said principal fums (upon payment whereof the said fums, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, were formerly made redeemable as aforefaid) and all arrears which shall or may be due for or upon the said yearly fums, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annumy computing the fame by the day until the said moieties refpedtivdy shall be fo paid oft unto the refpedtive proprietors thereof, who shall alfo choose to be paid in ready money as aforesaid ; or for or towards fome of the said ufes and purposes which shall require payment in ready money as aforefaid; and to and for none otner ufe, intent or purpofe whatfoever: and that the Company to said governor and company of merchants of Great Britain, and baveannu-their fucceffors, for all and every fum and fums of money fo to °f 51* Per be called for, and by them to be actually advanced at the Ex-	“c

chequer, shall have, receive and enjoy, and be entitled to have, receive and enjoy fuch annuity and annuities, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum> redeemable by parliament, out of fuch duties and revenues, or by fuch other wavs and means, and in fuch manner and form, as in and by the said other adt of this feflion of parliament are fettled and preferibed for fecuring and paying the fame.

XV. And whereas the governor and company of the bank of Eng- 3 Geo. 1. c. I.

is Jeffion of parliament^

► much of the sum of

land are obliged, in and by another at1 of this f M	.	rne

to advance and pay into the receipt of his Majefiy’s Exchequer fuch a>,00>0ool. fum and fums of money, not exceeding in the whole the sum of two advanced by millions and five hundred thousand pounds, at fuch times and by fuch thc1Paj£,?f proportions at a timey as the commissioners of the treasury, or any three or more of them, or the high treasurer jor the time beings shall ^ali ^ ap_ * call for, in the manner therein mentioned, on or before the twenty- plied to dif-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and eighteen: now charge the (aid it is hereby further enabled and declared by the authority afore-faid. That the said fum of two millions five hundred thousand ** h rounds, or fo much thereof as shall be called for, and shall be

actually





396	Annp fertio Georgii L c* 9.	ftyitf.

aftually advanced, and paid by the said governormjji company of the bank of England into the receipt of his Majetfy!* Exchequer, in purfuai^ce of that aft, (hall, by the Cud commif fioners of the treasury, or any three or more of tfoep, or tie high trcafurer and under-treafurer of the Exchequer for the time being, without any further or other warrant w be- fucd for, had or obtained in that behalf, be iflfued, applied ar^ flit pofed for or towards the paying off and difcliargiok the £ud principal monies , charged or chargeable on the Tala latterc-tunds, every or any or them, and the said interest payable for the fame, until payment of the principal to the refpedive proprietors, thereof, who shall choose to be paid in ready money as *	aforefaid; and for or towards paying* off and difchargiog the

said moieties of the (aid principal fums, upon payment whereof the faid/urns, after the rate of three pounds per centum per onm% are redeemable as aforefaid, and all arrears which shall or may be due for or upon the said yearly fums of three pounds per centum per annum> until the said moieties refpeftively shall be paid off unto the said proprietors thereof, who shall alfo choose to be paid in ready money as aforesaid ; and for or towards the fatisfying and paying off fuch particular debts and deficiencies as are hereafter in and by this aft intended to be provided for, or fome of them, and to none other ufe, intent or purpofe whatfoever.

XVI.	And whereas it cannot certainly be Inown at the moling this how much money will be wanted to fatisfy fuch proprietors ai Jhall choose to be paid in ready money as aforefaid\ or thofe daiming under them ; and it may be necejfary to raise monies (over and aim what fioall have been advanced by the said companies, or either sf c*	them, upon fuch calls as aforefaid) to fatisfy and pay off all the fid

.	proprietors, who Jhall choose to be paid in ready money as aforefaid, #

:	the claimants under them refpeftively) whereby # fpecdy end may k

put to the high rates of inter eji and other alowances whereunto they are at present entitled: now to the end the service of the publick, in relation to the premiffes, may in no event whatfoever be If it be necef- fruftrated, difappointed or prejudiced, it is hereby further fary to raise enafted by the authority aforefaid. That in cafe the cornmif* abov* fioners or the treasury, or any three or more of them, or the by the com- ^gb treasurer of Great Britain for the time being, shall find it ponies. necessary to raise monies (over and above what shall have been advanced by the said companies, or either of them, upon fuch calls as aforefaid) to pay off and difeharge all the said proprietors of the said lottery-orders, and of the said orders charged on the hereditary excife, who at any time or times, on or before the (aid twenty-ninth day of September one thousand seven hundred riany nrae^ *nc* ^venteen> appear to have made fubferiptions for ready before or after money as aforefaid. That then it shall and may be lawful to $9 Sept. 1717, and for the said commissioners of the treasury, or any three or take in fub- more of them, or the high treasurer of Great Britain for the 1. ^me being, at anY time or times, as well before as after the percent. 5 said twenty-ninth day of September one thousand seven hundred

and



1716.]	Anno	tcrtio	Georgii	I.	c.	9.

397

sndfcventeen, to lfluc their refpe&ive warrant or warrants from time to time to the proper officers in the receipt of the Exche* quer, for receiving or taking into the said receipt of Exchequer fuch fum and fums of money, as any person or persons, natives or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate, will advance and pay there for purchafing an annuity or annuities at a rate not exceeding five pounds per centum per annum, to be paid out of the (aid general fund by this a ft eftablilhed* and to be redeemable by parliament according to this adfc; and the said commif- and apply the fioners of the treasury or high treasurer and under-treafurer of fame tor pay-the Exchequer for the time being, are hereby authorized and |c,gy?^er8 °t-required to iffue and apply, or caufe to be iffued and applied, ’	*

all the monies fo to be advanced for or towards paying off the principal and interest upon the said lottery-orders, or any of them* and for or towards the paying off the said moieties and arrearages of the said annual payments of three pounds per centum per annum, charged or chargeable on the hereditary ex-cife as aforefaid, and to and for none other ufe, intent or pur-pofe .whatfoever.

XVII.	Provided always, That all the monies fo to be ad- jjot t0 vanced for purchafing fuch annuities, not exceeding the said the fum total rate of five pounds per centum per annum, together with the onthofeor-monies which shall have been advanced by the said companies,dcr.8,

or either of them, foi* or towards paying off the said lottery-orders, and the said monies charged or chargeable on the here- , ditary excife, do not in the whole exceed the fum total, which lhaH be payable to fuch fubferibers for ready money as afore-faid, or thofe claiming from or under them, according to the true meaning of this a6h

XVIII.	And it is hereby ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, Where lot-That in all cafes where the principal and interest payable on tery-orders, the said lottery-orders, or any of them, or the said moieties of ^rt^nto^an-the said principal fums for which the said annual payments are nuities, or charged on the hereditary excife, or any of them, with the ar- paid off in rearages of the fame annual payments refpeftively, shall be con- r«ady money, verted into annuities, or be paid off in ready money, purfuant

to this ad, the cuftoms* fubfidies, impofitions, additional and goo(j other duties, proportional parts, weekly and other payments, general fund, formerly charged therewith as aforefaid, lhall be and are hereby freed, exonerated and difeharged of, from and againft the fame, tnd shall be liable for or towards making good the said general yearly fund by this a<St intended to be eftablifhed as aforefaid.

XIX.	And whereat the sum of Jixty-one thousand seven hundred and seven pounds three /hillings and two pence, or thereabouts, of principal moniesy remains unfatisfied upon the regiftcr of loans founded on the aft of parliament for duties on low wines, and other things

therein mentioned, which expired on or about the twenty-fourth day 3 & 4 Aim# of June one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, carrying interest c. 4. after the rate of fix pounds per centum per annum : now in order to put an end to the fame high intereft, it is hereby further enabled bv the authority aforefaid, That it shall and may be Voi. XIII.	D	d	lawful



39?	Anno	teitio	Georgh I.	*£171$,

Treafury may lawful to and. for the said commiflioners of the treasury, or any Smsban^ ^ree or ^°re °f them, and to and for the high treasurer of nuitics a^i. Qrtat Britain for the time being, to iflae their refpe&iYe warper cent, to rant or warrants to the proper offifcers in the receipt of the Expay off 6x7071 chequer, for receiving and taking in at the (aid receipt fuch fur-

38. 2d. on the tj^r funi ai^} fums pfmoney, as any person or persons, natives low wines.	r	,	.	v	■ r	-11 j	1

C Geo. 1. c. 4.or fPrc,gners» bodies politick or corporate, will advance and

pay for purchafing an annuity or annuities at a rate not exceed<-mg five pounds per centum per annum* to be paid out of the find general fond by this a& eftablifhed, and to be redeemable by parliament according to this alt; and the said commiflioners of the treasury, or high treasurer and the under-treafurer of the Exchequer for the time being, are hereby authorized and required to iflue and apply, or caufe to be ifliied and applied, all the monies fo to be advanced, for or towards paying off the un-fatisfied principal and interest upon the said regifter of loans founded on the alt lad mentioned, taking care that all the monies fo to be advanped, for the purpofe lad mentioned, do not exceed the sum of the principal and intered which doth or fhafl remain due on the said regifter.

And 314,4191. XX. And whereat the jum of three hundred and fourteen that-aCaif fan(^tw hundred and nineteen pounds eleven JbilHngs and twa pence * Vim. c!#6. forcing* er thereabouts, of principal monies remains unfatisfied upon 4Geo« i.'c, 4.. the regifter of loans founded on the aft of parliament for duties on candles* which expired on or about the firjl day of May cne tboufimdfo-ven hundred and fifteen* carrying interejl at the like rate offix patois per centum per annum: now'in order to put an end aifo to the tame high intered, it is hereby further enalted by the authority afore fa id, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the £ud commiflioners of the treasury, or any three or more of them, and to and for the high treasurer of Great Britain for the time being, to iflue their refpeltive warrant or warrants to the proper officers in the receipt of the Exchequer, for receiving and taking in at the said receipt fuch further fum and fums of money, as any person or persons, natives or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate, will advance and pay for the purchafing an annuity or annuities at a rate not exceeding five pounds per centum per annum* to be paid out of the said general fund by this alt eftablifhed, or intended to be eftablifhed, and to be like-wife redeemable by parliament according to this alt; and the laid commiflioners of the treasury, or high treasurer and the under-treafurer of the Exchequer for the time being, are hereby authorized and required to ifliie and apply, or caufe to be iffued and applied, all the monies fo to be advanced, for or towards paying off the unfatisfied principal and intered upon the laid regifter of loans founded on the laid candle alt, taking care that all the monies fo to be advanced for the purpofe laft mentioned, do not exceed the sum of the principal and interest which doth or shall remain due on the fame regifter.

And 577,0x41. XXI. And whereas the sum of five hundred fevent?-fsz'C* :hx-tyannuiticj dxfan(^ an^	pounds fixtten /hillings one penny farthing is defi-

cient



rjt6.]	Anno tertio Georgii I. c. 9.	$99

lent or wanting to mate good the publick fupplies granted to his Ma• 4>1* percent.t0 efiy in the Mfefiion of parliament, [of which the sum of three fun-[red thirty-four thousand two hundred thirty-nine pounds nine jhilllngs fupplies grant-ne penny three fartnings is to he applied towards difcharging the debt ed the laft fef-f the navy, as it food on the one and thirtieth day ^December one fion of parlia-boujand /even hundred and fixteen:) now for the better preferv-	x c

tig the publick credit, and ceafing fuch interest as is now pay-	*x* '**

ble for any part of the said fum fo deficient, it is hereby further nafted by the authority aforefaid, That it shall and may be awful to and for the commissioners of the treasury, or any three r more of them, or the high treasurer of Great Britain for the ime being, to iflue their refpeftive warrant or warrants to th$ roper officers in the receipt of the Exchequer, for receiving nd taking in at the said receipt fuch further fum or fums of loncy, not exceeding five hundred feventy-feven thousand four-een pounds fixteen shillings and one penny farthing, as any erfon or persons, natives or foreigners, bodies politick or cor-orate, will advance and pay for purchafing an annuity or an-iuitics after a rate not exceeding four pounds per centum per nnum 3 which annuity or annuities shall be p^id out of the laid ;eneral fund by this aft eftablifhed or intended to be eftablifhed, nd shall likewifebe redeemable by parliament according to this ft; and the said commissioners of the treasury, or high trea-JFer and under-treafurer of the Exchequer for the time being* re hereby authorized and required to iflue and apply, or cauie a be ifliied and applied, all the said monies not exceeding five iundred feventy-feven thousand fourteen pounds fixteen Hidings and one penny farthing, fo to be advanced, for the ufe nd service of the publick in the said office of the navv, and uch other publick offices, as are deficient of their fupplies rhich were granted or intended to be granted in the laft fef-ion of parliament.

XXIl. And whereas the sum of twenty-four thousand one hundred And *4>T93l« nd ninety-five bounds eighteen Jbillings ana two pence refis unfatified 'Edition to* port several bills of exchange drawn for the service of the late expe- Camidal ° ° ition to Canada: be it further enafted by the authority afore-ud, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the commif-oners of the treasury, or any three or more of them, or the ligh treasurer of Great Britain for the time being, to iflue their warrant or warrants to the proper officers in the receipt of the Exchequer, for receiving and taking in at the said receipt fuch arther fum or fums of money, not exceeding twenty-four thou-md one hundred ninety-five pounds eighteen shillings and two ence, as any person or persons, natives or foreigners, bodies olitick or corporate, will advance and pay for purchafing ait nnuity or annuities, after a rate not exceeding four pounds per mtum per annum; which annuity or annuities shall alfo be paid ait of the said general fund by this aft eftablifhed or intended 0 be eftablifhed, and shall Uxewife be redeemable by parlia-nent according to this aft ; and the said commissioners of the reafury, or high-treafurer and under-treafurer of the Exclie-

D d 2	qucr



As foon as ready money is advanced to pay off principal, kc. pub-lick notice to be given, and interest to ceafe.

40P	Anno	teitio	Georgii	I. c. 9.'	[171^-

qucr for the time being, are hereby authorized rand required to lffue or came to be iffued all the said monies, not exceeding twenty-four thousand one hundred ninety-five pounds eighteen shillings and two pence* fo to be advanced, by way ofimpreft and upon account, for Satisfying the said bills of exchange j and the proper officers in the refpedtive offices for paying the fame bills are hereby enjoined and required to take efpecial care that the drawers of the said bills be duly charged with the monies for which they were drawn, or fuch of the said monies as are not or shall not be duly accounted for, before fuch payment of the said bills,

XXIII.	Provided always, and it is hereby enaded, That as foon as ready money shall be advanced, fumcient to pay offal! or any the principal turns, or the moieties of the principal fums by this ad intended to be paid off, with the interest or arrears of the annuity attending the fame refpe&ively, publick notice thereof shall be given by writing, to be openly fet up at the Exchequer, and advertifed in the London Gazette, and the ready money fo advanced shall be referved and kept in bank at the Exchequer for the persons or corporations entitled thereunto ; but from the time of fuch notice given the said intereft, after the rate of fix pounds per centum per annum, and the said annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per of fuch persons and corporations refpedively, shall ceafe and determine.

XXIV.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforeiaid, That all and every person and persons, natives or foreigners, bodies politick and corporate, who in purfuance of this ad '(hall advance and pay into the Exchequer any fum or fumsof money, for purchafing an annuity or annuities at fuch refpec-tive rates, as aforefaid, shall upon his, her or their advancing and paying the fame, have and receive from the proper officers in the faid,Exchequer, a talley or tallies of So/9 for the money fo advanced or paid ; and that all and every fuch person and persons, bodies politick and corporate, his, her and their executors, adminiftrators, fucceffors and affigns refpeflively, for every fum fo advanced and paid, shall have, receive and enjoy, and be entitled by this adl to have, receive and enjoy, an annuity or annuities, after the rate to be fpecified in the said refpedtive warrants of the commiflioners of the treasury, or high treasurer for the time being, fo as the fame do not exceed the refpedtive rate or rates by this adt prescribed, and in fuch rc-fpedlive warrant or warrants to be exprefled, as aforefaid, out

Annuities how of the monies of the said general fund of seven hundred twenty-to be paid. four thousand eight hundred forty-nine pounds fix shillings and ten pence and one fifth part of a penny per annum> by this aft eftablifhed or intended to be eftablifhed, as aforesaid j and that fuch annuity and annuities for fuch monies fo to be advanced, shall be paid and payable to the refpedlive perfoh and bfrfons, bodies politick and corporate, their executors, adminiftrators,

;/1 fucctan

Purchafers of annuities to have tallies of Sol', &c.



4oi

t *7 i&J	Anno tertio GeorcJii I. c. 9.

ixoceflbrs.^nd affigns refpedively, in manner following; that is fay. The first payment or payments of fuch annuity or an-ixaities fo to be purchased shall be computed by the day, and fa-I s fied from the day or refpedive days on which the monies fo o be advanced, or any part or parts thereof, shall be advanced md paid into the Exchequer, as aforefaid, until the quarterly "eaft-day, or refpedive quarterly feaft-days then next enfuing; md from thenceforth die fame annuity or annuities fo to be purchased shall be paid and payable at the four mdft ufual feafts >*- days of payment in the year aforementioned, by even and ^qual portions, until the redemption thereof by parliament, according to the provifo herein after contained in that behalf.

XXV.	And it is hereby enaded by the authority aforefaicf, The account-That in the office of the accountant general of the governor andai*t general of company of the bank of England for the time being, there shall books°0f be provided and kept a book or. books, in which shall be fairly the annuities entred the names of all and every person and persons, corpora-for which fub-tion and corporations vvhatfoever, who shall be entitled to the fcriptions lhaU said annuities after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, g^aGe’0&J* in lieu and difcharge of any fuch lottery-orders and annual pay-cc*3f# u ments out of the excife, as aforesaid ; and the names of all

fuch persons and corporations, who upon producing to the said comptroller the said tallies of SoF refpedively, shall appear to be entitled to the said annuities to be purchased at the several rates aforefaid, for monies to be by them advanced and paid into the Exchequer, purfuant to this a fit; and the several and refpedive annuities whereunto the aforesaid persons and corporations refpedively shall be fo entitled ; to which book it shall be lawful for all persons concerned from time ta time, at all leafonable times, to have free accefs, and to infped the fame, without fee or charge ; and the said accountant general for the and tranfmit a time being (hall, on or before the five and twentieth day of De~ fhePExVhcqucr cember one thousand seven hundred and feventeen, tranfmit an by*$ Dec? attefted duplicate or duplicates fairly written on paper, of the 1717. book or books laft mentioned, into the office of the auditor of the receipt of his Majesty’s Exchequer, there to remain for ever.

XXVI.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. Annuities a That the refpedive proprietors, who are to have, receive and fure eftate. enjoy the said several annuities purfgant to this ad, his, her or

their executors, adminiftrators, fucceflors and affigns refpectively, shall have good and fure estates and interefts therein for ever, fubjed to the provifoes or conditions of redemption in this ad afterwards contained concerning the fame, and to no former provifoes or power of redemption whatfoever,

, XXVII. And it is hereby enaded, That as well the said Annuities (re* annuities after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, pay- from taxes, able in lieu and difcharge of the said lottery-orders, and of the said annual fums formerly charged upon the excife, as alfo the said annuities to be purchased on this ad at the several rates jjforefaid, for monies to be advanced at the Exchequer, as afore-

D d 3	faid.



40a

Bank to employ a fuf-cient cafhier and accountant general

Their office.

Thefe annuities are per-tatial estates and. not liable to foreign attachment.

Anho tertio GtoRGli I. c.£	t

faid, and all and every the principal Turns for which thesaid fe-veral annuities are to be payable, or whereupon they shall be computed, purfuant to this ad, and every of them, shall he free from all taxes, charges and impofitions whatfoever.

XXVIII.	And it is hereby declared and enaded by the thority aforefaid, That the governor and company of the bank of England (hall, from time to time, until the said annuities shall be redeemed by parliament according to this ad, appoint and employ one fufheient person within their office in the city off London, to be their chief or first cafhier, and one other faU ficient person within the fame office to be their accountant general j and that fo mtich of the monies of the said general yearly fund of seven hundred twenty-four thousand eight hundred forty-nine pounds flic shillings and ten pence and one fifth part of a penny per annum, as shall be fuffirient to fatisfy and dif-charge the fums which shall grow due, from time to time, for or upon all the said several and refpedive annuities by this ad appointed or intended to be paid by the said cafhier or the bank for the time being, shall by order of the commissioners of the treasury, or any three or more of them, or of the high trea-furcr, and under-treafurer of the Exchequer of his Majesty, his heirs and fucceflors, for the time being, without any further or other warrant to be fued for, had or obtained in that behalf, be from time to time, quarterly, as aforefaid, ifFued and paid at the said receipt of Exchequer to the (aid first or chief cafhier of the said governor and company of the bank of England, and of their fucceflors for the time being, by way of impreft and upon account, for the payment of the fame annuities at fuch times, and in fuch manner and form, as are by this ad preferibed in that behalf, with preference to all other payments which shall or may hereafter be charged upon the laid general fund, or upon the said duties or revenues liable to make good the fame, until the redemption of the said annuities according to this ad j and that all and every fuch cafhier or cafliiefs, to whom the said monies (hail from time to time be iflued, (hail, from time to time, without delay, apply and pay the fame accordingly, and render his accounts thereof, according to the due courfe of the Exchequer; any thing herein contained to the contrary not-withftanding. Ana it is hereby alfo enaded. That the said accountant general for. the time being (hall, from time to time, infped and examine ail the said receipts and payments of the said cafhier, and the vouchers relating thereunto, in order to prevent any fraud, negligence or delay; and that all and every the persons and corporations whatfoever, who shall be entitled to any of the fame annuities fo to be payable by the cafhier of the bank of England for the time being, purfuant to this ad, and all persons lawfully claiming under them shall be pofleffa) thereof as a perfonal eftate, and the fame shall not be defeend-able to the heir, and shall not be liable to any foreign attachment by the cuftom of Londmy or otherwife; any law, ftatute or cuftom to the contrary notwithftanding.

*	XXIX.	And

ooQle

i	Annb tertio GeoRGH I. c. 9;	403

XXIX.	And be it farther ena&ed by the authority aforefaid,

'hat all the principal monies for whicn the said several and re-edtive annuities shall be payable by the said cathier of the The principal ink of England for the time being, shall be deemed, reputed ro°hie* id taken to be one capital or joint-ftock, on which the (aid an- ^ardtal^k uities shall be attending; and that all persons and corporations, P 9

1	proportion to their refpedlive annuities, shall have a (hare in	1

ich (lock; and that all fuch (hares shall be afiignable, transfer-

ble and devifeable, in the lame manner as is preferibed by adt * adts of parliament made in the first year of his Majesty’s .arguable, &«• ign, touching the annuities after the rate of five pounds per i^at°i ntUm per annum therein mentioned; and that no ftamp-duties *,.***	’

hatfoever shall be chargeable on fuch transfers; and that the No (lamps on id governor and company of the bank of England, (notwith- transfers, andmg the redemption of all or any of their own funds or an- fa^o^tman-uities in purfuance of the adts for eftablilhing the fame, or any nu\tid re-: them) mail continue a corporation, to all intents and pur- deemed.

>fes, relating only to the receiving, paying or accounting for le said annuities lo payable by their calhier, till the fame (hall

2	redeemed by parliament according to this ail; and that the id governor and company of the bank of England, or any tembers thereof, shall not incur any difability for or by reafoa f their doing any matter or thing in purfuance of this adt.

XXX* And it Is hereby enacted by the authority aforefaid,

'hat no fee or gratuity whatfoever shall or may be demanded r taken of any of his Majesty’s fubjedfcs, for receiving or pay- No fees for ig fuch monies as shall be advanced at the Exchequer for the paying or urpofes aforefaid, or for any tallies, or other matters concern- transferring ig the fame, or for ifluing the said general fund of seven hun- ^ccsir annui" red twenty four thousand eight hundred forty nine pounds fix lillings and ten pence and one fifth part of a penny per annumy r any part thereof, or for paying the said several and refpedtive nnuities, or any of them, by the said ca(hier for the time being; ad that no fee or gratuity shall be demanded or taken for any -ansfer of any fum, great or final!, to be made in purfuance of lis adt, upon pain, that any officer or person Offending, by iking or demanding any fee or gratuity contrary to this adt, lall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds to the party grieved, to °*J forfeiture e recovered with ftill cofts in any of his Majesty's courts of °*20 * ecord at Wejlminfter.

XXXI. Provided always, and it is hereby enadted, That the ommiffioners of the treasury, or high treasurer for tflb time *ing. shall have power to pay and allow, or caufe to be paid Treafury may nd allowed, out of the monies arifing of or for the said general aH°w falaries, early fund, as aforefaid, fuch felaries and allowances as they ncceffary ball think reafonable, as well to the said managers and diredt- cxecutLgthis »rs, as to the said cafhier and accountant general for the time aft.

>eing, for their pains and service refpedtively, in performance >f the several trufts in them repofed by this adt; and to allow ind pay out of the fame money all other charges for books, inderrderks, or other matters or things which shall be necefla*. ily incident in or for the execution of this adt.

D d 4	XXXII.	And



4°4	Anno tcrrio GkoJumiI.	[ijrsfe,

XXXII* And be it farther eroded by the authority aforefaid. That the interest after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum* payable from the twenty fourth day of June one than-faud (even hundred and feventeen, on the debentures authorize Intereft of 4I. cd to be made forth by an ad of this feflion of parliament* for percent, to be ftating and determining debts due to the army, (hail from, time paid out ot the to time, as the fame (ball become due and payable, during the on^rmy de- continuance thereof, be Satisfied and paid out of the monies erf bentumo/ the said general fund by this a&eftsblifhed or intended to.be this feflion. eft abl idled, as aforefaid, and (hail be imprefted, from .time to 13Geo. i.c.3. time, to the paymafter of the forces for that purpose.

XXXIIL Provided always, and it is hereby enabled by the authority aforefaid, That at any time, upon notice to be.given or left at the publick office of the governor and company of the bank of England, hy authority of parliament, at any of the Provifo for re duarterty feaft-days for payment of the said annuities, dcmpnono7 and uP°h repayment by parliament of the refpeftive principal all the annui- fums for which the said annuities shall he payable by the bad ties upon re- caftuer of the bank for the time being, and whereupon the laid themr"ndfal r£fp^veannuit*es are to be computed, as aforefaid, to fuch re-by*parlUraoit. ipe^ivc persons and corporations as shall be entitled to the said ’ annuities, according to fuch interest as they refpeftively (frail then have in the said annuities, and a!fo upon full payment and fatisfaftion of all arrears of the (aid annuities, if any dull be then due, then and not till then, the fame annuities shall ceafe and determine; any thing herein contained to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

XXXIV.	And in regard it is intended, That upon fuch.notice to be given at any quarterly feajl-dayy all the principal monies far which the said annuities JhaU be payable, may be fatisfitdjby any payments, pot being lefs than five hundred tboufand pounds of lawful, money if Great Britain at a time, and that as the said principal monies /bad Another pro- t* paid off,\ the said annuities, and the capital Jloti for the fame, /hall vifo for re- proportionably fink and be abated: be it therefore further provided demption up- enafted by the authority aforefaid, Th^t if at any time or of fbe pdn- ^mes notice shall be given or left at any of the said quarterly cipal .by par- feaft-days by authority of parliament, for redemption of the cels.fiot being said annuities by this aft payable by the calhier of the bank, as le/s than aforefaid; and if payment after fuch notice given be made by ttme. * at a Par^iamcnt to the refpeftive persons and corporations as shall be (hen entitled to the said annuities, according to fuch refpeftive interefll* as they shall have in the said annuities, of any fum or fums of money, not being lefs than five hundred tboufand pounds to all the proprietors at a time in part of the ie-fpeftive principal fums for which the said annuities (frail be payable, as aforefaid; as alfo if payment be made of all arrearages then due to them of the fame annuities, or fo much of thpfe arrearages as (hell bear a proportion to the principal monies, from time to time, remaining unfatisfied, being computed till the time of every fuch payment of part of the principal refpeftively, 'then from and after every fuch payment fo made, fo much of



Anno tafoGBotuGii I.u c;^-	4°5

the find annuities a* Aali bear proportion tothemonies fo paid in part of the (aid principal* (ball oeafe, determine and be abated; any thing in \this, or in any former a# or afts of pariia^ ment, or other matter pr thing whatfoever to the contrary not-withftaadit^*

XXXV.	And it is hereby declared and enafted by the autho-

rity aforefaid, That any vote or refolution of the houfe of commons^ ftgnified by their fpeaker in writings to .be delivered at the pubJtck office of the governor and company of the bank of Bn&cwdy (ball be deemed and adjudged to be fufficient notice within the vVordsaud meaning of this aft ; any thing herein contained tp the contrary notwithftanding.	.

XXXVI.	Jnd whereas in and by an aft af this fejfirn of partial ^ ™hoSfeof

went) for redeeming feveralfunds of she governor and company of the commons, fig-bankof England* (amongjt other things) it is declared and enaftedy nified by thetr. Then the excefs or furplusy which at the end of every or any quarter ^ jpeaker, a fef-0 year (reckoning the quarters to end at the four mojl ufual feaft~dayi ™ej1* therein mentioned) Jhall and tnay be produced by the. several rateSy c.%!	i.° *#

duties, revenues and incomes thereby appropriately or mentioned to be 3 q€^# h c#g#, appropriated as is therein exprejfed, andflxdl remain in the Exchequer f. %+.

(over and above the money then due and demandable for or upon the several amuitieSy allowances, and other payments by that aft payable, or any arrears of the fame) /hall extend to the difpofition of parliamenty and be applied according to aft or afts of parliamenty and not other-	•

wife; and in and by another aft of this fejfion of parliamenty for re-	.	>

deeming the yearly fund of the governor and company tf merchants of Great Britain trading to the South-Seas, and other parts of Arne-yicay and for encouraging the fijhfrjy (amongjl other things) it is enaftedy That if at any time or times y at the end of any quarter of a year (reckoning the quarters to end at the ufual feafts therein alfo I Gcp* ,#c*7* mentioned) there Jbeil be an excefs or furplus of the monies brought into the Exchequer, of the rates, duties, impofttions and revenuest and proportional parts of themy or any of them in that aft mention-(d, and fuch excefs and furplus JhaU remain there over and above the money then or before that time grown due, by or in purfuance of that eft, for fuch annual and other payments as are thereby preferibed, then and fo often, and in every fiich cafe, fuch excefs or Jurplus Jball, from -time to time, attend the difpofition of parliament, and be applied according to aft or afts of parliamenty and not otherwife: now it is hereby alfo enafted by the authority aforefaid, That theexcefe or furplus, which at the end of every or any quarter of a year,

(reckoning the quarters to end at the four moft ufual feaft»day$ before-mentioned) shall and may be prpduced by the cuftoms, fobfidies, impoGtions, additional and other duties, proportional parts of duties, and by the said weekly and other payments by ****& °* this present aft appropriated or charged to make good the said J^itcr to bc^ general yearly fund of seven hundred twenty-four thoufancf eight difpofeable by hundrea forty-nine pounds (ix shillings and ten pence and one parliament, ftfth part of a penny, in and by this aft eftablifhed or intended *** 5 Geo* ?• to be eftablifhed, as aforefaid, over and above fo much as (hallc’-3* * *■

.be fufficiept to make good the fame, and fo much qf the fame

general





406	Anno	tdtio	GboEgh	I. c. tfl	£1716.

general yearly fund as at the end of any quarter of a year, m aforefaid, shall remain in the receipt or the Exchequer, over and above all the monies then due or payable, to difehorge the laid several annuities and other payments by this ad directed to be iatisfied out of the fame, and all arrears thereof (if any fueh be) shall likewife, from time to time, attend the difpofition-of parliament, and be applied according to ad or ads of parliament, and not othervrife.

XXXVII.	And be it enaded and declared by the authority aforefaid, That ail the monies to arife, from time to time, as well of or for the said excefs or furplus by virtue of the said ad made for redeeming the funds of the governor and company of the bank of England, and of or for the said excefs or furpku by virtue of the said ad made for redeeming the funds of the faid

Overplus mo- governor and company of merchants of Great Britain trading to nies to be em- the South-Seas, and other parts of	,	and	for	encouraging

Ploy'd f?r the the fifhery, as alfo of and for the said exoefs or furplus of the fuch nafional ^ duties and revenues, by this ad appropriated, as aforefaid, debts,.incur- and the said overplus monies of the said general yearly fund by red before *j this ad eftablifhed or intended to be eftablifhed, as aforefaid, fliall be appropriated, referred and employed, to and for the pointed by fu- difcharging the principal and interest of fuch national debts and ture a£h. * incumbrances as were incurred before the five and twentieth See 6 (Seo. j. day of December one thoufatid seven hundred and fixteen, and c* 4*	are declared to be national debts, and are provided for by ad

of parliament, in fuch manner and form as fhril be direded or appointed by any future ad or ads of parliament to be difeharg-cd therewith or out of the fame, and to and for none other ufe, intern or purpofe whatsoever.

XXXVIII.	And whereas the alt	tonnage and poundage made

in the twelfth year of the reign of his late mvefty King Charles the

Second, and the	bodk of rates thereto and by ether offs tf

parliament finte made and now in	feveral duties are payable te

bis Majesty, his heirs and	fufor and upon imported \

and it awing been found by experience that thofe duties are a chfcou-ragement to the importation thereof and that flxmld they be difienti* as ear. a. c. 4.1	mud and taken off, the fame would tend to the fervitt of the woollen

and other manufactures, and to the improvement of tiBage in this kingdom: be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the first day of Augujt one thousand (even hundred and feventeen, it shall and may he lawful to and for any person or persons to import linfeed into this kingdom, without paying to his Majefiy, his heirs and fucceffors, any cuftom, rabfidy or other duties for the fame; any thing in the said ad linfeed mar of tonnage and poundage, or any other ad or ads of parlia-be imported ment to the contrary in any wife notwithflanding. duty-free. XXXIX. And whereas in and by the of tonnage and	,

and the said book of rates, which ad has been by several fubJequeUt ads of parliament continued, and is now in force, a duty of fix pence is payable upon the exportation of every piece of linen cloth of Britidt manufacture made of hemp or fax,- fine Or courft, not exceeding forty

ells

v^»ooQle

4*7

Anno tdtio OioRGi! I. c. 9

ids ( except BtitiQi-made fail-cloib, wbith by law is permitted exported duty-frit;) and whereas tbt	jaid duly is a etiftouragenunt to

the said tnamtfaffure wind) employs many of the poor of this kingdom ; be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid,	-

That from and after the said first day of	one thousand fe- 11	***

ven hundred and feventeen, it shall and may be lawful to and1 for any person or persons to export out of this kingdom, to; parts beyond the feas, all forts of linen cloth of the manufacture of this kingdom, which shall be made of hemp or flax, whether fine or coarfe, free of all duties payable to his Majesty, -Ws heirs or fucceflors; any thing in the fata aft of tonnage and poundage, or stay other aft, or any thing to the contrary thereof in any wife notwidiftanding.

. XL. Provided always, and be it hereby further enafted. That Britilh linen all drawbacks, allowances and abatements granted or enafted may he ex- • to be made by any aft or afts of parliament now in force, upon P°rte“ <“WJ* > or out of any duties upon any goods or merchandizes imported’** or exported* shall be and continue, and are hereby continued, until the duties on which fuck allowances, drawbacks or abatements are granted or enafted to be made, shall rdpeftively ceafe and determine.

XLI. And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, That All draw-all the monies lent to his Majesty at the receipt of Exche- backs, &c.to quer, upon credit of a vote or reforation of the houfe of com-' duty ceafe!!* mons, made and pa (Ted on or about the fifth day of March one 1 thousand (even hundred and fixteen, not exceeding fix hundred thousand pounds, for the service of the pubtick, by fca or land, which loans, with the interest thereof, were appointed to be transferred to the regifter upon the aft, intituled, An a£l for granting an aid to bis Majesty by a land-tax in Great Britain, for the fertAce of the year one thoufand/even hundred and	,	and	tbe rnonie?

all other the monies lent and to be lent to his Majesty upon that granted this aft, and fo much money (if any fuch be) of the tax thereby «®°n °f pit-granted, as shall wife and remain after all the loans made or to	c

be mack on that aft, or thereby transferred, or direfted to be3 transferred thereunto, and the interest thereof, and the charges thereby allowable for failing the said tax, shall be fatisfied, or monies fuflicient shall be referved to difcharge the fame; and all the monies lent and to be lent to his Majesty upon an aft of this feflion of parliament for continuing the duties on malt* mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thoo-t fend (even hundred and feventeen, and fo much of the duties on matt, mum, cyder, and perry thereby granted or continued^ as shall arife and remain (if any fuch be) after all the loans made or to be made on the lame aft, or thereby transferred, of direfted to be transferred thereunto, and the interest thereof, j Geo. 1. c. 4; and the charges thereby allowable for raifing the fame duties,

(hall be fatisfied, or monies fuflicient shall be referved to difcharge the fame, shall be appropriated and applied, and are hereby appropriated for or towards the several ufes, intents and purpofcs herein expreffed, fubjeft neverthclefs to fuch rdftricj

tions





r

Ordinary of the navy.

Office of ordnance.

Land-force*.

Anno tertio Georgri I. c.g'	fi/iS.

tions as arc herein after prefcribed; that is to fay, it Is' hereby cna&ed and declared. That out of all or any the aids or fapplies provided, as aforefaid, there shall or may be ifTued and applied any fum or fums of money, not exceeding in the whole the futn of nine hundred forty-feven thousand five hundred and sixty pounds five shillings and three pence, for or towards the naval services following; that is to fay, for or towards defraying the charges of the ordinary of his Majesty’s navy, and for half-pay to (ea-officers; and for or towards vidhial, wages, wear and tear of the navy, and victualling thereof, performed and to be performed; and for or towards fea-fcrvice in the office of ordnance performed and to be performed; and for and towards extraordinary works and repairs of his Majesty’s navy, and fumifhing fuch fea-ftorerf as are ncceflary for the fame, and other services of the navy and tranfports, performed and to be performed ; and any fum not exceeding feventy-thrde thousand feventy-feven pounds nine shillings and three pence, for the charge of the office of ordnance, for or towards land-fervices performed and to be performed ; and any fum or funis of money, not exceeding in the whole the sum of one million two hundred feventy-three thousand nine hundred and ten pounds nine shillings and fix pence, for or towards maintaining his Majesty’s land-forces, and other services herein after exprraed; that is to fay, for or towards maintaining guards, garrifons, and other his Majesty’s land-forces in Great Britain, Jerfcy, and Guernsey\ for the year one thousand seven hundred and feven-teen; and for or towards maintaibing his Majesty’s forces and garriforis in his Majesty’s plantations in America, for the year one thousand seven hundred and feventeen; and for or towards maintaining his Majesty’s forces and garrifons in Minorca, for the year one thousand seven hundred and feventeen; and for or towards maintaining his Majesty’s forces and garrifons in Gibraltar, for the year one thousand seven hundred and feventeen; and for or towards half-pay, for the year one thousand seven hundred and feventeen, upon account, to the officers of the land-forces, and marines dilbanded, being his Majesty’s natural-bom fubje&s, or naturalized; and for or towards the pay pf invalids, from the twenty-fifth day of December one thou<r fand seven hundred and fixteen, to the twenty-fifth day of De-{ember one thousand seven hundred apd feventeen; and for or towards provifiorts for the garrifon of Gibraltar, for. the year one thousand seven hundred and feventeen; and for or towards completing the pay of fix battalions of foot, hired from the bi-(hop of Mqnjler and duke of Saxe-Gotha> to fupply the place of fuch troops as, during the late rebellion, (hould be drawn from the garriipns of the States-General of the United Provinces to allift his Mqjefty, purfuant tp the treaties in that behalf made with the said princes; and for or towards making up the full pay of the general officers with their aids de camp and majors pf brigade, during the time they ferved in North Britain, and upon ^epopnt pf extraordinary forage? provifions, carriages, an4

Anno tcrtjo Qeorgh I. c.g.	409

feveral extraordinary expences of the forces in their march frpnt Stirling, and purfait of the rebels into the Highlands, and the neighbouring ifland$ ; and for or towards replacing a fum of ten thousand pounds iflued out of the appropriated revenues of North-Britain, to his grace the duke of Argyley then general and commander in chief of his Majesty’s forces there, by his Maje-fly's warrant, dated the eighth iiy of September^ one thousand seven hundred and fifteen; and for or towards tfie pay of three independent companies in North Britain, frotn the? twenty-fifth day of December one thousand seven hundred and fixteen to the thirty-firft dav of March following, with the bounty-money* upon their dimanding; and for or towards the pay of one lieutenant, one enfign, five non-commiflioned officers and forty private men, taken to reinforce the caftle of Edinburgh, from the twenty-fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred ana fifteen to the fifteenth day of March one thousand seven hundred and fixteen, with the bounty-money upon their disbanding ; and for or towards the fubfiftence of the rebel prifoners taken at Prejlon to the thirty-firft day of December one thousand seven hundred and fixteen, and for or towards their fubfiftencd and contingent expences for the year one thousand seven hundred and feventeen ; and for or towards the fubfiftence of the threp hundred fifty-three rebel prifoners, fubfifted by the magiftrates of Glafgow to the twenty-fifth day of June one thousand fevert hundred and fixteen; and for or towards half-pay to the officers of the late regiments of foot commanded by brigadier James Douglas and Sir James Wood^ late in the service of the States-General, from the twenty-fifth of April one thousand seven Rebel prifon-hundred and feventeen to the twenty-fourth of December fol- ers. lowing; and for anfwering other extraordinary services relating to his Majeftv’s land-forces ; and any fum not exceeding two hundred and fifty thousand pounds, for enabling his Majesty to epneert fuch meafures with foreign princes and ftates, as may prevent any charge or apprehenfions from the defigns of Sweden for the future ; and any fum not exceeding five thousand five hundred fevervty-nine pounds fifteen shillings and three pence half penny, to make good the Ioffes and damages which his Majesty’s fubjefts fuftained by reafon of the tumultuous and rebellious proceedings in several counties, which Ioffes and damages are found by inquifitions taken upon commiffions iflued Treaties with out of his Majesty*s Exchequer; and any fum not exceeding foreign prin-one hundred fixty-fix thousand five hundred and two pounds cc,# five shillings and seven pence three farthings, for or towards enabling the treafurcr of the navy to make good the payments Lodes by tu-which in the year ending at Chrijtmas one thousand seven hun- multa. dred and feventeen, (if any) may be demanded of him, pursuant to any former aft or afts of parliament for completing the funds ot fix hundred and eight thousand pounds per annum, payable to the South-Sea company ; and that the aids or fupplies Funds of the provided as aforefaid, shall not be iflued or applied to any ufe, fouth-fea

intent company.

410	Anno	tertio	GfioRGii	I.	C.tO.'

intent or purpofe whatfocver, other than towards the nfes and purposes afore-mentioned.

XLII. Provided always, and it is hereby enafted and declared, That no appropriation, or other matter or thing in this aft contained, shall obftruft or hinder any payment or payments which, by and in purfuance of an aft made in the first year of his Majeft/s reign, intituled. An act for enlarging the capital flock and yearly fund of the South-Sea company; and for Supplying thereby eight hutidrei twenty-two thousand thirty-two pounds four Shillings and eight pence to publick ufes; and for raifing one hundred ftxty-nine thousand pounds for the like ufes, by fale of annuities upon divers encouragements therein mentioned; and for appropriating Jc-Provifo for veral fupplies granted to his Majefy, are or shall he required and the South-Sea authorizcd to be made by the treasurer or paymafter of the navy ^or the ^me being, or by any other persons to be intruded with c. 21.	the publick monies for tne service of the navy, out of fuch pub-

lick monies, tallies, orders or parliamentary fecurities in their hands or power refpeftively, as are or shall thereby be charged Or chargeable to make good any deficiency or deficiencies to the governor and company of merchants of Great Britain trading to the South-Seas, and otner parts of America, and for encouraging the fi(hery, or to their treasurer for their ufe $ any thing herein Contained to the contrary notwithftanding. and for the XLIII. Provided also, That fuch fums as by any other aft of coromiflloners this feflion of parliament shall be payable to any commi(Eoner$ o£accounts. for taking, examining and dating the debts due to the army, for their Talaries, or for their clerks or other incident charges, shall and may be paid out of the aids or fupplies aforefaid, or *ny of them; any thing herein contained to the contrary not** withdanding.

% k j Ann.

c. II.

CAP. X.

An act for the better collefting and levying the revenue of the tenths of the clergy.

H E R £ A S her late moft gracious majejiy Queen Anne, in ' * * her royal bounty to the poor clergy of the church of England* and purfuant to and by virtue of an aft of parliament made in the fe+ coniyear of her Maicjlys reigny intituled, An act for making more effeftual her Majesty’s gracious intentions for the augmentation of the maintenance of the poor clergy, by enabling her Majesty to erant in perpetuity the revenues of the firft-fruits and tenths, ana alfo for enabling other persons to make grants for the fame purpofe, did in and by her letters patents under the great feal ^England, bearing date the third day of November in the third year if her Mojejly's reign, make, nominate, conflitute and appoint the persons therein named, to be one body politick and corporate, by the name of the governors of the bounty of Queen Anne for the augmentation of the maintenance of the poor clergy, with fuch powers and authorities as are therein mentioned and expreffed; and did in and by the fatd letters patents give and grant unto the said governors of the bounty of

Queen



*7*6] Anno tertfo Gborgii I. c. 10.	411

Anne /br the augmentation of the maintenance of the poor cler-gyy and their fucceffbrsy all the revenues of the firjl-fruits and yearly perpetual tenths of all dignitiesy offictSy benefices and promotions fpiritual whatfoever payable to her MajeJljy her heirs , and fucftfforsy by virtue of any att or obis of parliament whatfoever, and all arrears of the Paid firjl fruits and tenths (except as therein is excepted) to he applied and mfpofed of by the said governors thereby conftituted to and for fuch endsy intents and purpcfesy as in and by the said letters patents are contained and dir tiled: andwhereas the laws now in force relating to the collection and payment of that part of the said revenue, called the perpetual yearly tenths, are in feme cafes defeBhey and in many in-fiances are found to be inconvenient and improper to be put in exeat-tiony by reafon whereof her late Majeftfs said gracious intentions cannot fo well and effectually be anfwered as they might bey if feme new provisions and regulations were made and efiablijhed for the mare eafy and expeditious levying and paying the said perpetual yearly tenths: far remedy therefore of fuch defers and inconveniencies, and to the end that the said governors may be the better enabled to execute the truft in them repofed, and the poor clergy may, with greater eafe and advantage, receive the benefit of the said royal bounty; be it enaded by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this present parliament aflembled, and by authority of the fame. That the moft reverend the archbifhops, and the The arcb-right reverend the biihops of England, who by the ftatute made in the twenty sixth year of the reign of King Henry the Eighth, charged from intituled. The bill for the firjl fruit;, with the yearly penfions to the receiving the Kingy and by other fubfequent ftatutes, are conftituted and aj>- perpetual pointed collcdors of the said revenue pf the perpetual yearly tenths within their several diocefes refpedively, and charged1 *	’	**

with the receipt and payment of fuch collodion, and made accountable for the fame, from and after the twenty sixth day of December laft paft, be, and each and every of them hereby is clearly exempted, acquitted and difeharged of and from the levying, colleding and receiving within their and each of their proper and refpecHve diocefes, the said perpetual yearly tenths bom thenceforth accruing, of all dignities, offices, benefices and promotions fpiritual, and of and from being chargeable with, and accountable for the receipt and colledion of the fame, by force or reafon qf any of the said ftatutes; the said ftatute of King Henry the Eighth, or any other ftatute to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

, II. And be It further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That There shall be from and after the said twenty sixth day of December there shall 0Ke collector be one collector or receiver of the said perpetual yearly tenths of *PP6lnt™> all dignities, offices, benefices and promotions fpiritual whatfoever, granted to the Aid corporation of the governors of the bounty of Queen Ame for the augmentation of the maintenance of the poor clergy, by the said first recited ad and letters patents (which have npt beep legally difeharged by any ad or ads pf parliament since made, or otherwise) from time to time to be 2	nominated



4-12

who shall colled! all money, wherewith any dignity, &c. is chargeable, and pay the fame into the Exchequer,

and shall be chargeable with the fame.

He shall be ap-, pointed by the King, and take an oath for the due execution of his office.

and give fecu-rity*

The colledlor Impowered to receive the laid revenue, and give acquittances.

He shall keep

his office in London or Wellminftcr.

Notice of time and place of payment to be

Anrto tertio GeorgIi I. c. ro.	£	171S.

nommitedand appointed, which said collector or receiver shall be and is hereby charged and chargeable to kvy, colled and receive, all fuch fums of money, wherewith all and every fbeh dignities, offices, benefices and promotions fpiritual, are changed and chargeable for and towards the payment of the said perpe* tual yearly tenths, and fhail pay and content the said fums of money yearly uiito the receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer at Wtflminfier> in fuch manner and form as is herein ifrtr mentioned ; and every fuch colfedtar and receiver, and his lands and tenements, shall be and (land charged and chargeable for the furs and true payment of fuch fums* of money as he fhail colled and receive of the said perpetual yearly tenths accordingly ; and that fuch colle&or or receiver fhail, from time to* time, be nominated and appointed by his Majesty, his heirs and fuccefibrs, by his or their letters patents under the great feal of Great Britan; and that immediately after fuch nomination and appointment, and before he takes upon him the execution of his said office, every fuch colle&or or receiver fhail take his corporal oath for the due and faithful execution of his said office before any fovea or more of the governors aforesaid for the time being, in a general court of the said corporation (who are hereby authorized and required to give and adminifter the said oath nrom time to time accordingly ; ) and that every fuch colledor or receiver fhaB likewife give fecurity to the said corporation, or to fuch jperfon or perforis as they in their general court shall appoint, for his true and juft accounting for, and payment of all and every fum and fums of money which he shall receive by virtue of the said office, and for the due and faithful execution and difeharge of his said office, as the governors at a general court of the laid corporation at any time before his taking upon him the execution of the said office shall order, diredt and appoint 5 and alfo that fuch colledlor or receiver of the (aid perpetual yearly tenths fo appointed, as aforefaid, shall and may lawfully, and is hereby authorized and impowered to coiled* and receive the said revenue, and to give acquittances under his hand to the several and refpedtive person or persons paying the fame; whose acquittance or acquittances shall be a lull and fufficient difeharge to all persons paying the said perpetual yearly tenths, or any part thereof, for fo much as they shall refpedtively pay unto fuch collector or receiver (for every of which acquittances the sum of fix pence, and no more, shall be paid) which said collector or receiver shall keep his office in fome convenient place within the cities of London or Wejlminjler, and shall give attendance for receipt of the said perpetual yearly tenths at fuch time or times as the said governors of the bounty of Queen Ann* for the augmentation of the maintenance of the poor clergy, in their court fhail order, diredl and appoint, between the teaft of the birth of our Lord Chrift and the laft day of April yearly; of which said times and place due notice shall be given by the said governors in the London Gazette yearly, by the (pace of one week

' '	at



Annp tertTo Georgii I. c. io#	41$

at leaft before the laid feaft-day; whereof every archbifhop* %'*** the bilhop and incumbent of any dignity, office, benefice or pronao-r	Ga“

tkm fpirilual, is and lhall be obliged to take notice, and to ob- z serve the fame accordingly in the payment of his and their re- -fpe&ive rates, ihares and proportions of the said perpetual year- , ly tenths, wherewith they or any of them lhall be charged or chargeable, without any further notice to be given them by way Df fummons, demand, or otherwile; and in default thereof to p f Forfeit to the King's majefty, his heirs and fuccellors, fuchfutri otpar-or films of money as shall amount to double the value of the said ment. ? 7 tenths j and that every fuch colle&or or receiver shall make pay-r mentsof, the said tenths, and lhall pafs his accounts for the cdle&or Fame, at fuch time and times, and in fuch manner as the said ^ornTts. l* archbifbops and bilhops were ordered and directed in and by the *6 H. 8. c* 3.-Feveral a£ta of parliament made for that purpofe in the twenty 3* H.s. c. 47* Fixth and thirty second years of the reign of King Henry the 7£d. 6. c.*. Eighth, and of the seventh year of the reign of King Edward the Sixth,	....

III.	And it is hereby further enafled by the authority afore- ^.C not pay-faid, That if any archbifhop or bilhop, or any incumbent of ing, the col-any dignity, office, benefice or promotion fpiritual, or any other ledtor lhall cer-perfon or persons, bodies politick or corporate, charged or hfy it into the chargeable with the payment of the said perpetual yearly tenth a*dbe allowed or tenths rcfpe&ively, lhall not pay or duly tender the fame it 0n his ac-yearly, before the laft day of April fucceeding the feaft oif the counts, nativity of our Lord Chrift. whereon the fame shall become due,

that upon certificate thereof made by the collector or receiver oh or before the first day of June following, the laid collector or receiver lhall be allowed upon his account all fuch fums of money* as any archbifhop, bilhop or incumbent, or other againft whom fuch certificate lhall be made, Khould or Ought to have paid ; and that then in every fuch cafe, the treafurer, chancellor and -barons of the King’s Exchequer for the time being, lhall devife* direft and iffue upon every fuch certificate, fuch procefs out of the King’s Exchequer, as to them lhall feem proper and reafon- ^ able, againft every fuch archbilhop, bifhop or incumbent, or as°mako other againft whom fuch certificate shall be made, his and their default in pay* executors or adminiftrators, whereby fuch portion and part of ment. the said yearly tenth, wherewith any fuch archbilhop, bilhop or incumbent, or.other, is or shall be charged, and which lhall be unpaid, as aforefaid, lhall be truly levied, anfwered, fatisfied and paid into the hands of the said colle&or or receiver; and all and every fum and fums of money fo levied, anfwered and paid, the said cplle&or or receiver shall bring to account, and charge hiinfelf therewith, from time to time, in his next account after he shall have received the fame.

IV.	Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That nothing This aft shall in this suft contained lhall extend, or be taken or conftrucd to arch^5* exonerate or difeharge any archbifhop, bilhop, or any other biflioj>,&c. for

Sierfon or persons, before the making of this a<ft liable to the col- monies unac-c&ing, accounting for, and anfwering the said perpetual year- counted for. , Vo*, XIII.	E.e	ly



ly tenths, or any part thereof, for any fum or fums of money wherewith he or they were and are refpedtively charged or chargeable, and not duly anfwcred and accounted for before the making of this adt : and that the said ftatute made in the said *** ** H# twenty lixth year of the reign of the said King Henry the Eighth, remain in*	and all and every other laws, ftatutes and provifions, touching

force.	or concerning the impofing, charging, aflefline and levying,and

the true anfwering and payment of the firft-miits, and of the said tenths, or touching the charge, difeharge or alteration of them, or any of them, or any matter or thing relating thereunto, which were in force at the time of the making of this present adt, and not hereby or herein before altered or repealed, shall be, remain and continue in their full force and effedt, and shall hereafter be obferved and put in due execution, according to the tenor and purport of the fame, and every of them, in all things, excepting fuch as are in and by this adt altered or repealed.

Thi* aa (hall	V. Provided alfo. That this adt, or any thing herein contain-

not avoid any cd, shall not extend to avoid or any way impeach or affcd any grant, exchange, alienation, or incumbrance at any time heretofore made of or charged upon the said revenue of the perpetual yearly tenths, or any part thereof, but that the fame and eve-

3r of them during the continuance of fuch grant, exchange, ienation or incumbrance refpedtively, (hail be and remain of and in the fame force, virtue, and enedt, as if this adt had never been made.

CAP. XI.

5 Ann. i. 4. and

9 Ann. c. *5.

An act to explain and amend several laws therein mentioned, for the better preservation of the game.

WHEREAS by an a ft made in the fifth year of the reign if her late majefiy Queen Anne, intituled, An act for the better preservation of the game, it is enafted, That it Jhall d may be lawful for any lord or lady of his or her rejpeftive kriftfy a manor, by writing under his or her hand and feat, to impawn bis sr her game-keeper or game-keepers, upon his or her own lordjbip or Minorto kill hare, pheafant, partridge, or any other game wkettficm\ which power of appointing several game-keepers in the fame mm with power to kill game, was found by experience to tend very mb to the deflruftion of the game of this kingdom : for the printing whereof , by one other aft of the ninth year of the reign of bn fcii late majefiy Queen Anne, intituled, An adt for making"the ad of the fifth year of her Majesty’s reign, for the better prefeivation of the game, perpetual, and for making the fame moreeffedu-al, it was enafted. That no lord or lady of any manor fhaU make, <w-Jlitute, or appoint, above one person to be a game-keeper within enj one manor, with power or authority to kill or defiroy the game theref \ and that the name of fuch person fo to be authorized to kill the gam, /hall, from time to time, be entred with the clerk of the peace of tk county, riding, or divifion, wherein fuch manor does lie j which pmr tf appointing a game-keeper fo to be entred, as aforefaid, wesimi-





4*5

feflly defigned to no other intent or purpofi whatfoever, but that any brd or lady might appoint fitch person at he or jhe should think proper to kill the game upon his or her own lordjhip or manor y for the foie and Proper ufe of the find lord or lady^fuch game-keeper being exprefly retrained by the said firfi recited aft from felling or difpofing of any game to any person or persons whatfoever, without the confint or knowledge >f the said lord or lady of fuch manor or manors that had given fuch )ower and authority- as aforefaid: and whereas under colour and presence of the said power and authority to kill or take game for the ufe of she lords or ladies of any manor it is become ufual and frequent in five-ral parts of the kingdomtyfctords and ladies of manors to grant powers md deputations to the fartnersy tenantSy and occupiers of the lands and 'fiates lying within the precinfls of their refpeftive manor Sy to be game-\eeperSy with power to HU and destroy the game; which practice is a very great abufi of the powers intended by the said alls to be granted, md manifefily tends very much to the deftruftion of the game of this \ingdom: for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King’s mod ;xcellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the ords fpiritual and temporal and commons in this present parlir unent afiembled, and by the authority of the fame. That frotn After July to, md after the tenth day of July one thousand seven hundred and 1717- no lord feventeen, no lord or lady of.any manor shall make, conftitute, foanTp^rit ur appoint any person to be a game-keeper, with power and au- any g£jic-faority to take and kill hare, pheafant, partridge, or any other keeper with game whatfoever, unlefs fuch person be qualified by the laws of power to kill :his realm fo to do, or unlefs fuch person be truly and properly thct8^1^

\ fervant to the said lord or lady, or fuch person be immediate- Rifled fo to ly employed and appointed to take and kill the game for the foie do, or be a afe or benefit of the said lord or lady, and not btherwife ; and fervant, that no lord‘ or lady of any manor shall authorize or qualify any person or persons whatfoever, not being qualified by the laws of this realm fo to do, to take 6r kill any hare, pheafant, par-xidge, or other game whatfoever, or to keep or ufe any grey-

er not being truly and properly a fervant of any lord or lady of 1 manor, or not immediately employed and appointed to take Unqualified md kill the game for the foie ufe or immediate benefit of the penon« kill-laid lord or lady, who, under colour or pretence of any power f-a?.e or authority, deputation, or qualification to him granted by any t0 the forfei* lord or lady of a manor, shall take or kill any hare, pheafant, turei in the partridge, or other game whatfoever, or shall keep or ufe any recited a£t§* greyhounds, fetting-dogs, hays, lurchers, guns, tunnels, or any other engine, to kill and destroy the game, being thereof legally convicted, (hall, for every fuch offence, incur fuch forfeitures, pains, and penalties, as are appointed to be inflicted by the said recited aCts of the fifth and ninth years of the reign of the late Queen Anne; fuch forfeitures to be recovered by fuch means, and in fuch manner and form, and within fuch time, and to fuoh ufes, as are preferibed by the said recited aits; any

E e 2	thing

4i6	Anno tertio Geokgii I. c.i2> 13. [iyifc

thing in the said recited afts, or in any other laft or ftatute to the contraiy thereof in any wife notwithilanding.

The recited II. And oe it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That a£ts shall re- the said recited a&s of the fifth and ninth years of the reign oi ca’ ^cr ^ate maJefty Anne* and all other laws now in fares 9 Ann. c.»5* f°r better preservation of the game, and all matters, powers, and things therein contained, not hereby altered and repealed, ,	fliall	continue,	remain,	and	be	in	full force*

CAP. XIL

An a& to impower commissioners in commiflions of bankrupts, ifbed foot the four and twentieth day of June one t^op^d feren hundred aod fii, and on or before the (ix and twentieth day of June one thousand (era hundred and (ixteen, to make certificates for bankrupts; and the lord chancellor, lord keeper, commissioners of the great feaJ, or two judges, ta confirm the fame, notwithstanding the a<5ts of the fourth and fifth, and the fifth of Queen Amu, are expired$ and for continuing a daufe in a forna a& for adj lifting accounts between bankrupts and their debtors.

Perfons again it whom commiflions ifTued as aforefaid, and who hare not nor shall not (iirrender themfelves, See, before December 15,1717. shall fuf fer as felons, 'the daufe in 4. Ann. c. 17. relating to the mutual credil between bankrupts and others, continued during seven years, and fan thence to the-end of the next session of parliament. E XP. Ste 5 Gou c. 50.

C AP. XIII.

An act for the better regulating of pilots for conducing cj Jhips and veffels from Dover, Deal and the ijle 0/Thanet up the rivers of Thames and Medway.

WHEREAS there hath been time out of mind, and mil a very ufeful and well regulated feciety or fellowjbtp sf pilet1 of the Trinity-Houfe ofDover, Deal and the ijk 0/Thanet, teb have always had the foie piloting and load-manage ofall JLips and vefi from the said places up the rivers* of Thames and Medway: 4&1 whereas by the ufage and good rules and orders of the said focitty /« ry person muft appear at a court of load-manage, and be publicity amined by feme of the elder and more experienced members if the fa feciety and fellowjhip, touching his /kill and abilities in pihtqi before be is to be admitted a member of the said feciety or felkh My or ought to undertake the conducting and piloting any Jbip 0 vejfel from the before-mentioned places up the said rivers, whereby & norant and dangerous persons have been prevented from undertake fuch'pilotage; and there hath been from time to time a fufficientm her of fafe and able pilots for the said rivers maintained and kept up and whereas notwithjlanding the many and great advantages of the fa feciety or fellowM i0 t^Je publict, several unqualified persons hevn} late taken upon them the piloting and conducting Jhips and vtffcls \ and from the places before-mentioned up the said rivers of Tharofl and Medway, who have not been admitted into the said focitty 0 fellow/hip, or undergone any examination of their abilities for fuck fa* vice, whereby the said ufeful feciety or fellowM both been much &/(& raged, and several /hips and vejfels, with their cargo and mariners, heft been lofe or in the utmofe danger and hazard; for remedy whereof,

uooQle

tyiS.] Anno terda Georgii I. c. 13:	417

*e k therefore enaAed by (he King’s mod excellent majefty, by tnd with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and tem-	-	*

Moral and commons, in this prefect parliament aflembled, and >y the authority of the fame. That if any person or persons After Aug 1, hall, from and after the first day of Auguft one thouland feven	per-

lundred and feventeen, take upon him or themselves to con-	j£0°m

luA or pilot any (hip or veflel by or from Dover, Deal or the Dover, &c. fle of Tbanet to any place, or places in or upon the (aid rivers of unlefs he have rhames and Medway % before he or they shall be first examined,	the

is has been ufual, by the mafter and wardens of,the said focie-*^fter»&c. ofC y or fellowfhip tor the time being, touching his or their abili- Trinity-ies, and shall be approved and admitted into the said fociety or houfe, and be ellowfhip at a court of load-manage by the lord warden or l^c ^at rocktnt<> anque-ports for the time being or his deputy, and the said ma- x a oclc ter and wardens for the time being, every (uch person or per- Firft offence bns shall for the first of&nte forfeit ten pounds, for the second j# ^eve-twenty pounds, and for every other offence forty pounds, to be ™ ^cr 4Q^ “ lied for and recovered with full coils of fuit, by any person or 7 >erfons, by fuit or aAion to be brought in the court of admiral-y for the cinque ports, in cafe fuch offender shall live and be bund within the jurifdiAion of the said court, or elfe by aAion )f debt, bill, plaint or information in any of his Majesty’s courts of record at IVeJltmnfler, wherein no effoin, privilege, protection or wager of law shall be allowed, and no more than ane imparlance ; which said fum or fums of money fo to be for- How ^

Pcited and recovered, shall go and be, as to one moiety thereof, na|ty shall be 1 to the informer, and. as to the other moiety thereof, to be paid recovered and to and received by themafter and wardens of the said fociety for difpofed of. *r the time being, to be by them diftributed to and amongft fuch (iiperannuated pilots, and the widows of pilots of the said fociety, in like manner and proportion a$ the (aid mafter and wardens for the time being shall think fit and appoint, and as heretofore hath been ufed and praAifed by the (aid fociety.	.1

II.	Provided always. That this a A (haH not extend to prevent Mafter*, &c. or hinder the mafter or mate of any (hip or veflel, or part-

owner redding at Dover, Deal or the isle of Thanet, from con ^yp^*^ duAing or piloting his own (hip or veflel from any of the places own ftiips, if afore&id up the (aid rivers; nor fubjeA any person or persons .none of the (though not of the said fociety or fellow (hip) to the penalties a-forefaid, who shall be hired by any mafter to conduA or pilot his, * 0 0 °* (hip or veflel from the said places* provided no one of the faid.

(ociety or fellowlhip (hall, within the fpace of one hour after fuch (hip or veffej shall arrive at any of the said places, be ready to conduA and pilot the fame.

III.	Provided always. That all mailers of merqhant-ihips shall Matters of have liberty to make choice of fuch pilot of the said fociety or merchant-fellowftiip as he shall think fit$ and that no person shall conti-

Due in the said fociety or fellhwftiip, who shall not conduA or pilot*; and pilot a (hip at lead twice in any one year (unlefs prevented by member* of (icknefs) to and from the places above-mentioned.	rhe rociety ,

E‘3	IV.



*18	Anna	fcertio	Georgii	L-	c. 13;	f

Price* of pilot-	IV. And for preventing any exorbitant demands from any

**£'	pilot or pilots of the said fociety for the conducting and piloting

any (hip or veflels from Dover, Deal or the isle of Tbanft to any places m or upon the said rivers of Thames and Medway,, That the following and no greater or other prices shall be taken or demanded than what is or are herein after mentioned ; viz. For every (hip or veflel drawing seven foot water, the sum of three pounds ten (hillings: for every (hip or veflel drawing eight foot water, the sum of four pounds : for every (hip or veflel drawing nine foot wkter, the sum of four pounds ten shillings 1 for eve-* ry (hip or veflel drawing ten foot water, the sum of five pounds: for eveiy (hip or veflel drawing eleven foot water, the sum of five pounds ten (hillings: for every (hip or veflel drawing twelve foot water, the sum of fix pounds: for every (hip or veflel drawing thirteen foot water, the sum of fix pounds ten (hillings: for every (hip or veflel drawing fourteen foot water, the sum of seven pounds: for every (hip or veflel drawing fifteen foot water, the sum of seven pounds ten (hillings: for every (hip of veflel drawing fixteen foot water, the sum of eight pounds: and for every (hip or veflel drawing* feventeen foot water, the sum of eight pounds ten (hillings; and no allowance to be made for odd inches.

Pilot lofrng a „ v. Provided also, That if any pilot as afordaid (haU negli-JjP*gently or carelefly lofe the (hip under his care, and be thereof ing as a pilot! convi&ed by due courfe of law, he shall be for ever after fact To be iao in conviCtipn incapacitated for aCting as a pilot ; and that the mun-number, and ber of fuch pilots shall not be lefs than one hundred and twen-Ite1 to be af-	whole names, ages and places of abode shall every five and

fixed,°&c.a * twentieth day of March be affixed in fome publick place at the 9	* cuftom-hou(es at London and Dover, to which all persons may

have recourfe at feafonable hours; and for negleCt of notrettxro-te tontoB every fuch lift of pilots, the mafter and wardens of the (aid luch lift on pe- fociety (nail forfeit ten pounds, to be recovered in the cinque waftyofjol? ports by any person who shall foe for the fame.

VI. And whereas divers flips and veffels in had weather are fond from their anchors and cables, and unreafonable finns ofmmey demanded for fahage by fuch persons who take up and carry the said anchors and cables on /boar, before the owners can have fuch cables and anchors rejlored to them, or elfe they muft apply tbemfehes to theadnmky-court at Dover; and fuch Jbips and veffils muft either'leave then cables and anchors behind them, or fvffer much more than the vabu thereof by being delayed in their voyage by the necejfary fotmi of proceedings, Jbould they flay to have the fame determined in the said admiralty-court : for remedy whereof, and for preventing the like inconveniencies for the future, be it further enaCted by the au-c^^crnhT t*lor*ty aforefaid, That from and after the nine and twentieth fi^agc"of an- day °* September one thouiand seven hundred and feventeen the chore. See. lord warden of the cinque ports for the time being shall nomi-how to be ad- nate and appoint, by an inftrument under his hand and feal, fufted. three or more fobftantial persons in each of the cinque ports, two antient towns, and their members, to adjuft and determine any difference relating to falvage, if any fuch shall arife between the mafter of any veflel and the person or persons bringing fuch

cable

[yi6-J Anno tertio Georgii I. c. 13.	419*

able and anchor a(hoar; which (aid persons the said lord war-len is hereby authorized and impowcred, from time to time, to lominate and appoint ; and in cafe any (hip or velTel shall be breed from her cables and anchors by extremity of weather, and eave the fame in any roads within the jurifdidtion of the cinque >orts, and the falvage cannot be adjufted between the persons :oncerned. That then the lame shall be determined within the To be deter-pace of twelve hours by any one or more of the said persons mined in 1% ippointed as aforefaid; any cuftom or ufage to the contrary inhourt* my wife notwithftanding.

VII.	Provided always. That this adt shall not extend or be Not to ronftrued to hinder any person or persons from affifting any (hip any from af->r veflcl in diftrefo at any time, or fubjedt fuch person or persons fitting (hips in to the penalties of this adt ; any thing herein contained to the diftrefs. contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

VIII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, Matter, See. That the mafter and fuch two wardens of the said fociety or fel- appointed to lowlhip'for the time being, as shall be appointed to examine in- cJanV^int? to the (kill and ability of any person or persons on their being

firft admitted as a pilot into the said fociety or fellowlhip, shall fworn’# take the following oath, to be given them by the regifter of the (aid court of load-manage for the time being or his deputy, who are hereby impowered toadminifter the fame, viz.

I A. B. do fwear% That I will impartially ixamint and enquire into The oath# the capacity and Jkill of	in the

art of pilotage over the Flats and round the Long Sand Head, and the coa/U ^Flanders and Holland, and will make true and fpeedy return thereof to the lord warden of the cinque ports for the time beings or bis deputy, without favour, affedion^ fee or reward:

So help me God.

IX.	Provided also, and it is hereby further enadted and de- Not to extend dared. That this adt, or any thing herein contained, shall not to the corpo-extend or be conftrued to extend to the taking away, abridging, ration of Tri-bindring, prejudicing or impeaching of any grants, liberties, franchiles and privileges heretofore granted to and vefted in the strond. corporation of the Trinity-Houfe of Deptford-Strond; but that the said corporation shall hold and enjoy the fame, as fully as they might have done in cafe this adt had never been had or made 5 any thing in this adt contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

X.	And be it further enadted and declared by the authority To be taken as aforefaid. That this adt shall be taken and allowed, in all courts a publick aft ; within this kingdom, as a publick adt; and all judges and ju-ftices are hereby required to take notice thereof as fuch, without (fecial pleading the fame.

XI.	Provided always. That this adt shall continue in force cont;nuance for seven years, and from thence to the end of the next session of this1 aft of parliament, and no longer. By 7 Geo. 1. flat. 1. c. 21. Farther conti*

Power is given to the lord warden of the cinque portSy, with the ajfent b

V * A	nfZGco.%. c.af.

*C ♦	V ,jGeo.*.c.*6.



420	Anno	tertio	GeoRGII	I.	c. 14^	[1716^

of others in the /aid aft mentioned, to make orders for the govemmm of pilots from Dover, £2f*.

CAR XIV.

An act to continue dn aft of the. first year of bis Majefifs reign, intituled, An ad: for taking and dating the debts due and growing due to Scotland by way of equivalent, in the terms of the union *, and for relief of the creditors of the publick and the commiflioners of the equivalent.

WHEREAS the honour, juflice and publick faith of Grot Britain are all concerned and engagedy That the agreements in «Geo.i.ftat*. the aft of union be faithfully and exaftly obferved and executed: ad Ct a?#	whereas	by	an aft of this present parliament, intituledy An ad for

taking and ftating the debts due and growing due to-Scotjandbs way of equivalent, in the terms of the union; and for relief of the creditors of the publick in Scotland and the commiilioners of the equivalent, his Majejly was impowered to nominate and appoint commijfionersfor takings examining and ftating the debts due ondgraving due to Scotland by way of equivalent \ juhicb commiffmcrs me vejted with feverqI powers9 and direfted to make up feverai accounts, as in the said aft is more fully expreffed; and the commiffm and powers thereby granted Jbould continue in full force and virtue from ih ijjuing thereof for and during the /pace of one whole year, end till the end of the then next session of parliament; with feverai other claufcSy and with this particular prdvifoy That none of the conumjf oners to be appoined purfuant to that at7, Jbould incur any penalties, forfeiture, incapacity or difability wbatfoevery for putting the foid ad it execution: and whereas.the commijfioners appointed by bis Mojefy purfuant to the said aft have not hitherto, as appears by their reput, brought to any final conclufion the feverai accounts by the said a£t lire fted to be made 5 partly becaufe their precepts in fame cafes were not anfweredy and in others, not in fuch time as to be brought into their report \ partly becaufe of the great and many difficulties which atteni ft para ting and difiinguijhing between the debts incurred before the umim, and the debts incurred for the service of the united kingdom \ ktb which have been without diftinftion provided for finct the union: be it therefore enabled by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons, in parliament aflembled, and by the au-The powers thority of the fame, That the powers given to his Majesty by the civen to his said ad for nominating and appointing commiflioners for taking Majesty by - and ftating the debts due and growing due to Scotland by way of \ Vonti-1' equivalent, in the terms of the union, together with all theotkr nued forone powers, claufes and provifoes therein contained, shall be and year, &c, are hereby continued, from and after the determination of the said ad, tor and during the fpace of one whole year and to the end of the then next session of parliament.

II.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That all officers, accountants and other, persons whatfoever, who can

v girt



Anno tertk> GeoRGH I* e.14.1	42	j

give any information relating to the said accounts and matters Officers, fcc. m this and the former aft contained, are hereby ftriftly enjoin- Reorders of ed and required to obferve and execute fuch orders and direc- thecomitiif-tions, as the said commiflioners appointed or to be appointed fibers, by his Majesty as aforefaid, or any three or more of them, shall by writing undertheir hands direct and appoint touching the accounts by this and the former a ft appointed to be. taken and dated.

III.	And whereas by the said recited off of theJirjl year of his Ma- ,Geo.i. fat.*, jiffs reign, it was enabled, That for relief of the creditors of the c. 17. publick in Scotland and of the commijjioners of the equivalent, until the accounts in that aft mentioned Jbmd be taken andflated according to the true meaning thereof the lords commijjioners of the treafiiry or lord high treasurer for the time being should and might , on or before the first day ^November one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, ijjiu their or his order or orders for the payment of a fum not exceedU tng fifteen thousand eight hundred twenty two pounds eight Jbillings and seven pence three farthings to the commifftontrs of the equivalent in Scotland, or any person or persons to be appointed by them, or any two of them, out of any monies that bad arifen or should arife. by the therein mentioned revenues of customs and excifes in Scotland, or either of them; which fum the commijjioners of the equivalent were directed to apply for payment of one year's interefi, viz. from the twenty third day of June one thousand seven hundred and fourteen to the twenty-fourth of June one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, of the capital fum of two hundred thirty thousand three hundred and eight pounds• nine fallings and ten pence and five sixth parts of a penny, fated due to the said creditors of the publick in Scotland, and for the payment *

(f the falaries of the fad commissioners of the equivalent, and of the fees and falaries of their fervants and necejfary charges for the said parand whereas the commijjioners appointed by his Majesty pursuant* to the aft afortfiAd have not hitherto brought the accounts thereby directed to be taken andfated to any final amchifion, fo as the interefi tf tip publick debts of Scotland, which are legally certified, can bo thereby put into a regular courfe of payment; and it being juft, that the interefi which has grown due on the said debts ftnee the twenty third day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, together with the charges of the comtnifjfton of the equivalent in Scotland, Jhauld be in the mean time provided for: be it therefore enabled by the authority aforefaid. That the lords commiflioners of the treafu* ry or lord high treasurer for the time being shall and may, on or before thje first day of September onethoufand seven hundred and Before Sept. ig feventeen, after paying or referving fufficient^o pay the civil lyi/jthetrea-eftablifhment in Scotland, authorized by an act passed in the fui7> after tenthvear of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, intituled, vH^ftablifh ^ An anfor laying additional duties on hides and fkins, vellum and parch- me„t in Scot-punt, and new duties on fiarcb, coffee, tea, drugs, gilt and (Over wire, land, authored policies of infurance, to fecure a yearly fund for faisfyftian of or- rized by io ders to the contributors of a further fum of one million eight hundred Afm* c‘ 2^' thousand pounds towards her Majesty s fupply; and for the bitter fe-curtng the duties on candles; and for obviating doubts concerning cer-- tain payments in Scotland; and/or fupprffmg unlawful lotteries and

other



4*2

Anno tertio Georgii L c. 14.	[1716.

other devices of the fame kind \ and concerning caiefope; end far rh lief of Mary Ravenall in relation to an annuity of eighteen penis per annum; and concerning prize cocoa nuts brought /rwwAmerica; ■ Up and certain tickets which were intended to he Jubfcrihed into the Jbck of the South-Sea company; and for appropriating the morns granted may ifliie or- tn this session of parliament, iflue their or his order or orders for decs for pay- the payment of a fum not exceeding thirty one thousand five | % # hundred sixty five pounds two shillings and five pence half-pen-5 d? %q. to#the ny to	commiflioners of tire equivalent in Scotland, or any

com million- person or persons to be appointed by them, or any three or more er«. See, out of of them, out of the monies arifen or to arife out of any the ce-and^cife in ^oras* duties, excifes or revenues, under the management of Scotland. m t^e commiflioners of the customs and commiflioners of thea-cife in Scotland, or either 6f them j which fum of thirty one thousand five hundred sixty five pounds two shillings and five How to be ap- pence half-penny shall be applied, and the said commiflioners plied.	of equivalent are hereby directed and required to apply the feme

for the payment of two years interest of the capital fum of two hundred thirty thouland three hundred and eight pounds nine shillings ten pence and five fix parts of a penny, (bred due to the creditors of the publick in Scotland, by an alt of the twelfth

I car of her late Majesty’s reign ; and of eighteen thousand two undird forty one pounds ten shillings ten pence and two third parts of a penny, (fated due to William Paterfon, cfq; by an aft of the first year of his Majesty’s reign, from the twenty third of June one thousand seven hundred and fifteen to the twenty fourth of June one thousand seven hundred and feventeenj and for payment of the lalaries of the commiflioners of the equivalent, and of the fees and (alaries of their fervants and the neceflaiy charges of the office for the said two years; which fum lo to bo advanced to the (aid commiflioners of the equivalent for the par-pofes aforesaid shall be brought into the accounts and charged upon the monies due and growing due to Scotland by way of equivalent, in the terms of the union.

IV.	And whereas several difficulties have arifen in receiving the interest on equivalent debentures, and other ways, by arreftments Ui on them in the hands of the cornmiftfoners of equivalent in Scotland, to the great vexation of the proprietors: tor removing thereof, be it enadted by the authority aforefaid. That no debentures, of the interest thereon, shall be liable to be (topped on accqunr of any arreftment or attachment that shall be laid on them in the hands of the faifl commiflioners, from and after the first day of Auguft one thousand seven hundred and feventeen, or otherwift howioever.

f	V. Provided always, and be it enaded by the authority afore-

retain	That the commiflioners of the equivalent for Scotland iot	in

to be applied' time being (hall, and they are hereby authorized and impower-forthe encou- ed to fecure and retain in their hands the sum of fourteen thou-ragement of fancj pounds sterling, appointed by the fifteenth article of tbe t e manu ac- unjon^ for the encouragement of the manufa&ure of coarfe

No debenture ihall be Hopped on account of any arreftment laid on them in the com-miflioners bands, after Aug. 1,1717.

The com mi f-

ture of coarfe wool.

wool in fuch (hires as the fame is or shall be produced, which

2	faid

4*3

said fum of fourteen thousand pounds, and every part thereof, shall be applied for the. benefit of the said manufacture and the wool-mafters, and to no other ufe or purpofe whatfoever; any law or ftatute to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. XV.

An a£t for the better regulating the office of fheriffs, and for afcertaining their fees, and the fees for futng out their patents* and faffing, their accounts.

FOR the greater eafe of Iheriffis in the execution of their offices, and paffing their accounts, be it enabled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by authority of the fame. That the several officers of his Majesty’s high court of chancery, court of Exchequer, and the several auditors and receivers of the revenue of the crown in Wales, and their refpec-twe fubftitutes, deputies, agents, clerks, and all other officers and persons whatever, having and claiming any fecot reward whatfo- clerks and of-ever to be due^and payable to him or them from any Iheriff, depu- ficers concern-ty-(herifF, or under-meriff, of any county in England or Wales, for in paffing making out his or their patents or commiffions, or the Dedimus for ^uor^ir fwearing them into their office, or for entring their recogni- accounts, ^aftc'e or fecurity, or for writing out and return of their procefs, or for their appofals, or calling out of court, or for palling their accounts, or for making their Quietus, or for any other matter or thing whatfoever touching or concerning their meriffalty, may from and after the first day of Michaelmas-Term in the year °f 5a f Mi h-our Lord one thousand seven hundred and feventeen, feveraUy Clmas-Terra*~ and refpeCtively, for themselves and the persons for whom they i7i7,	*

ad or officiate, receive and take for their pains and service in the matters aforefaid, the several fees or fums of money in the fehedule or lift hereafter mentioned and fpecified; all which fees in the laid fehedule mentioned the laid several and refpec- to tajce onjy five officers, deputies, clerks, and other persons may claim, the fees fpeci-take and receive, from rime to time, and shall not demand/fod in the take or receive any other or greater fee or reward whatfoever in	^ere-

any wife touching or concerning the premifles in the said fche- tioned"*"* dale mentioned, or any other matter or thing relating to the pa- 9 tent or fwearing of any Iheriff, or to the palling of his accounts * and if any person lhall offend herein, fuch person shall forfeit to the party aggrieved five pounds, and treble the fum by him tak- on forfe-lture en over above the juft fees mentioned in the said fehedule, to- of 51, and gether with his treble colls ; all which lhall be ordered, award- treble the fum ed and given to the party aggrieved, by the court of Exchequer, ta^en»to ^ upon complaint and proof of fuch offence made and exhibited complaint" by before the barons of the said court, in fuch (hort and fummary the Exchequer way and method as to them shall feem meet.	in a fummary

II. And whereas the prefers payable by the Jheriffs of the several waX* mnties of England, into the receipt of the Exchequer at Eafter and Michaelmas yearly, remain the fame at this day that they anciently were, although many of the rents and certainties out of which the faid





fay-

424

quer, &c.

to give jn a

Anno tcrtio Georoii I; c. ig, [1716.

payments arifey have of late years hern alienated from the'crow: be be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That the lord The lord trea- high treasurer of Great Britain, or commiffioncrs of the treasury order clerl«ay ^or t*me	the	chancellor and chief baron of his Maje-

and officers of court of Exchequer, and the reft of the barons of that the Exche- court, or any two or more of them, shall and may, from time to time, at the requeft of any fheriff or ftieriffs, or as often as they shall think fit, call before them the remembrancer in the court of Exchequer, commonly called the treafurer’s remembrancer, and the clerk of the pipe, or their deputies, feconda-_	^ _ ries, and fuch other officers as they shall think fit, and shall cauls

partVcuTar of the said officers or feme of them, to bring before them an ac-rents and cer- count or particular of all the rents and certainties written oat taintiw, year- yearly in procefles to the fheriff of each refpe&ive county in Eq-ccfs^VffierS's, ^nd to levy for the crown •, and upon due examination and con-fideration thereof had, are hereby impowered and required, from and reduce time to time, to alter, diminifh, reduce or eftablifh the fcvenl and fettle the fums wherewith the said fheriffs (land or shall ftand chargeable fame,	Qn t^c ro]js 0f profers in the said court of Exchequer, to fuch

reafonable and moderate fums as to them shall fqem juft and reafonable, with regard to tfre amount or value of the rents in with regard to each county refpedtively ; and that orders of the court of Ex-rents\®nd chequer be drawn up purfuant thereunto, and entered upon re-entered^nre-cor<* m t*ie &vera^ offices of his Majesty’s remembrancer, the cord i lord treafurer’s, or the commissioners or the treasury’s remembrancer, and clerk of the pipe, fome time before the laft day of Michaelmas^Term then next following $ and that, from time to time, the fum and fums of money fo reduced, afeertained and and the rents fettled, shall be deemed and taken to be the profers of each rc-fo fettled to be fpe^ive county, and the rolls of profers, from time to time, eachPcount •	made	conformable	thereunto; and the said fum and

payable by the ^ums f° reduced, ascertained and fettled, as aforefaid, and no tueriff. other, shall be paid by the said refpedtive (heriffs for their pro-fets, at the days and times, and in the manner formerly ufed for profers.

Sheriffs levy- HI* And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That from ing debts, &c. and after the ninth day of July in the year of our Lord one thou-(except poft- fand seven hundred and feventeen, all (heriffs who shall levy any frnes)	debts, duties or fums of money whatfoever, except poft-fines,

due or hereafter to become due to the King’s mijefty, his heirs or fucceffors, by procefs to them directed upon the fummons of the pipe or green wax, or by Levari Facias, out of the court of Exchequer, shall from time to time, for their care,'pains and mi	charges, and for their encouragement therein, have an allow-

tobave is. per ance upon their accounts of twelve pence out of every twen-pound for the ty shillings for any fum not exceeding one hundred pounds fo iff 100I. ^ by them levied or colle&ed ; and the sum of fix pence only for »os *abovery everY twenty shillings over and above the first one hundred that fum * pounds ; artd for all debts, duties and fums of money, except poft-fines, due or to become due to his Majesty, his heirs and and on procefs lucccffors, by procefs oo Fieri facias, -and extent, ifliiing out of





425

any of the offices of the court of Exchequer, the sum of ode «*trnt j to (hilling and fix pence out of every twenty shillings, for any fum ^^pound for not exceeding one hundred pounds fo by them levied or collect- ^ IOO £ ed ; and the sum of twelve pence only for every twenty shillings and 1 a. per’ over and above the first one hundred pounds : provided always pound above, fuch (heriff shall duly anfwer the fame upon his account by the Provided he general fealing day of fuch term in which he ought to be dif- anfwer the milled the court, or in fuch time to which he shall have a day famc on hi* granted to fini(h his said accounts, by warrant figned by the lord account# chief baron, or one of the barons of the coif of the said court for the time being, and not otherwise.

IV.	And whereas by virtue of an at1 made in the fourth-and fifth 4& 5W. & M. years of the reign of their late majefiies King William and Queen c* *•

Mary, for encouraging the apprehending of highwaymen ; andofone otbpr act made in the sixth and seventh years of his said late majejly King William the Third* to prevent counterfeiting and clipping the 6 &7W. &M. coin of this kingdom \ and of one other aft made in the fifth year of0' *7-her late majejly Queen Anne, for encouraging the apprehending of 5 Ann. c. p. houft-breakers* the refpeftive Jherijfs ^England and Wales are obliged to pay the several rewards 6f forty pounds* as in thofe afts is direfted upon the conviftim of highwaymen* clippers* coiners or houfe-breakers* to fuch person or perjons who jball bring to fuch jberiff a certificate under the hand ofi the judge or juftices before whom fuch offenders were convifted* airefting payment thereof* under the penalty of forfeiting to the party entitled thereunto double the fum fo certified* with treble cofis offuit j which said reward of forty pounds being fo paid* as aforefaid* is by the said several afts ordered to be allowed to the fuch Jber iff upon his account 5 and if there should not be remaining in the hands of fuch Jberiff>\ monies fifficient for that purpofe* that in fuch cafe the furplufage occasioned thereby* should be repaid to fuch Jheriff by the lord high treafurer* or the commijfmers of the treasury for the time being* out of the revenue of the crown* upon certificate thereof from the clerk oj the pipe* or ly the auditor of Wales, as by the said After 9 July. refpeftive afts may more at large appear > and whereas fmee the mak- ,7*7‘JvCrjf ing of the said afts* it hath been found* that many jherijfs have been J^rge money put under great difficulties and inconvenitncies thereby* not only by rea- for appre-fon of paying down great fums of money for the rewards aforefaid* bending high-before the publick revenue writ out to them in procefs could be levied or collefted by them* but alfo by reafon that fuch JheriJf cannot have a ho^-bi eak-17 certificate oj his furplufage from the clerk of the pipe* or the auditor ers; but may of Wales, until he hath fully finijhed bis account* and be dif miffed the on the judge’s court* by which means the jberiff is kept a long time out of his money certificate of fo difburjed for the rewards aforefaid: be it therefore enabled by anV^ceipt of the authority aforefaid. That no (heriff shall be obliged to bring the party en-or charge in his accounts any fum or fums of money to be paid titled to the for the rewards abovementioned, or any of them, from and af- re ward, a pp ly ter the ninth day of July one thousand seven hunebid and feven- trrafiLe^&c. teen, but shall and may immediately apply for the fame to the lord high treasurer of Great Britain* or commissioners of the treasury for the time befog, who upon infpefting a due certificate q[ the convtfUpo of fuch offender or offenders, fpr which

fuch





426	Anno tertio Geougii 1. c. 15.	[17t6*

fuch reward shall be ordered to be paid, as aforefaid, by virtue of the said a<ft$, or any of them, together with the receipts or acquittances of the parties entitled to receive the fame, shall who shall pay forthwith repay to fuch (heriff or (heriffs refpedtively, all fuch him the fumt monies fo diiburfed and paid, as afbrefaid, without any fee or re* d,*thUr*t f vrard whatfoever 5 any thing in the aforesaid a As, or any of them, wi ou ee. contajnej to t^e contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding. No Iheriff shall V. And be it enadted oy the authority aforefaid. That no fho-be attached, riff or under-(heriff shall be attached or taken into cuftody by any &c. for not ft- officer of the court 6f Exchequer, or other person whatfoever, niihing ac- for not being appofed upon any writ or procels, for not finithing but^y writ his accounts in due time, or for any contempt or negledt what* under the Ex- foever relating to his accounts, but by writ under the feal of the chequer-feal, said court of Exchequer, or by warrant for that purpofe to be or by warrant	by	the lord chief baron, or one of the barons of the coif

whCTetn°fuch °* l^e fa^ court of Exchequer for the time being, to be execut-IherifTs name ed by the marihal of the said court, or his deputy; in which and hi* offence warrant the name of fuch (hkriff or under-fheriff shall be parti-to be inferted. cularly inferted, and his offence particularly fpecified and ex-preffed.

No derk, fcc. VI. And for preventing delays and unneceflary attendance of concerned in (heriffs in pafling their accounts, be it enacted by the authority patting aforefaid. That from and after the first day of Michaelmas-Term hinder the 1 *n t^lc Ycar °f our ^orc^ onc thousand seven hundred and feven-fame, or pre- teen, if any officer, clerk or other person concerned in or about vent his being the pailing of (heriffs accounts, shall wilfully retard or hinder appofcd, 8cc. any foenff in the pafling of his accounts, or by his wilful neg-ment or tender ^ or a^cncc» or by other undue means or ways, prevent any of the fees, (heriff from being appofed or caft out of court in due time, or shall refufe,&c. after payment or tender of his of their due fees herein afcertain-““k* ™at» ed, shall refufe or negledt to inrol, make out, fign and deliver tus on p^nai his Quietus in due time, in every fuch cafe the person fo offend-i ty of fucb fa- ing (nail make fuch recompence and fatisfadtion to the party ag-tisfaftion as grieved as shall be adjudged, ordered or decreed by the barons JhCii^?nN °f court Exchequer, upon complaint thereof made and fummary way! cxh»bited before them, in fuch (hort and fummary way and me-y y’ thod as to them shall feem meet.

No (heriff in VII. And whereas it frequently happens that a Sheriff may di/barfe England, (ex- more money for the service of the crown than his whole charge amount-cept for Che- eth unto, by reafon whereof fuch /heriff mujl neceffarily be in Jurpluf (had be m7ur° a& uPon account: an“ whereas fuch furplufage cannot be obtained plufage by a- b the ufual courfe of the Exchequer, but by record offurplufage, which ny disburfe- is very dilatory and expenfrve to the Jbertff: be it therefore enadfed ments for the by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the first day of (except^there- Michaelmas-Term aforefaid, if any (heriff of any county in Eng-wards appoin- (except the counties palatine of Chefter, Durham and Lon-ted by the afts caftery andjfce several counties of Wales ^ which do not pafs their ^e accounts before the clerk of the pipe) shall happen to be in fur-out araord of P*ufa6e uP°.n his account, by reafon of any difourfements what-fuch furpluf- foever by him made for the service of his Majesty, his heirs or age, but may fucceffors (other than for the rewards of forty pounds (cveraHy



1716.] Anno tertio Georgii I. c. 15,	427

md rcfpcftivdy allowed and given by virtue of the several ads apply to the herein before-mentioned, to fuch persons as shall apprehend a lofd trcafurer» dipper, coiner, highwayman or houfe-breaker) fuch (heriff ^e°fame ony shall not be obliged to take out a recon} of furplufoge for the producing the fame, but shall and may apply to the lord high treasurer of clerk of the Great Britain, or to the commiflioners of the treasury for the p,£ !uCert,f~ time being, for the payment of fuch furplufage, who are here- ca crco * by required and authorized to pay the fame upon the (herifPs producing a certificate x>f fuch furplufage from the clerk of the pipe, or his deputy.

VIII.	And whereas great ineonveniencies have arifen by the death of Sheriff dying Jberiffs^ during the time of their fieriffalty: be it cna&ed by the authority aforefaid, That if any high-(heriff of any county of under^ite* England or Wales shall happen to die before the expiration or de- riff shall exe-termination of his year, or before he be lawfully fuperfeded, in cute the fame fuch cafe the under-(heriff or deputy-lheriff by him appointed

(hall neverthelefs continue in his office, and shall execute the name^ilU fame, and all things belonging thereunto, in the name of the new (heriff be said deceafed (heriff, until another (heriff be appointed for the fwom, and be said county and fwom, in manner as is herein after dire&ed; and anfwerahle for the said under-fheriff or deputy-(heriff shall be anfwerable for fhcrwfjutthle the execution of the said office in all things, and to all refpe&s, deceafed intents and purposes whatsoever, during fuch interval as the (hould have high-(heriff lo deceafed would by law have been if he had been ^cni *** living ; and the Security given to the high-(heriff fo deceafed by b^thl^nda^ the said under-fheriff, and his pledges, shall ftand, remain, and (heriff is to be a fecurity to the King, his heirs and fucceflors, and to all continue, persons whatfoever, for fuch under-fherifFs due performance of his office during fuch interval.

IX.	And whereas it frequently happens that the procefs tffuing out of the court of Exchequer, for levying debts and duties due to the crown, may be in part executed by a fierijf before he be fuperfeded, and afterwards in part by the fubfequent fierif and no provifton hath hitherto been made for fettling and adjufttng the dl/lribution of the fees and poundage clamed and demanded by them in fuch cafes: be

it therefore enacted by the authority aforefaid. That when and When a (heriff fo often as any (heriff (hall, by procefs out of the court of Ex- frizes goods, chequer, feize or extend any goods, chattels or perfonal eftate, ^^jebt* into the hands of his Majesty, his heirs or fucceflors, for any and^ici, ©/{$ debts or duties due to the crown, and shall die, or be fuperfed- fuperfeded be-ed, before a writ of Venditioni Exponas be awarded to him for fore fale s and fale of the fame, or before fuch fneriff hath made altual fale thereof, and a writ shall afterwards be awarded to. a fubfequent	$

(heriff, who by virtue thereof shall make fale or difpofition of The Exche-fuch goods, chattels and perfonal estate fo feifed or extended by quer may ap-fuch preceding (heriff, as aforefaid, in fuch cafe the barons of tilc the court of Exchequer, if then fitting, and if not fitting, the b^ween'the said barons, or any one of them, being of the degree of the coif, precedent and shall order, fettle and apportion the fees or poundage due for the fubfequent fuch feizure and fale betwixt fuch preceding and fubfequent (he- fhcrifc riffs, in fuch manner and proportions as to him or them (hall

feem



428	Anno	eertro	Georow	t	0.15.	[1714?

foeunmet} with regard to the ex pence and trouble cadi rcfpeo-tive Iberiff bath had or shall have in the execution.of the (ud procefe.

X., And whereas tie office of undqr-Jhtriffy and ether offices*, and places in tbi difpofal of the higl-jbsriff*. have of late yean ben fire* qurntly fold, and let to farm* contrary to the fevered fiatutes heretofore made for refraining Jberiffs from fuck pra&ius, and contrary to the oath and duty of a Jberijf* whereby many and groat inconut-nieucief have happened to the jubjefts of this realm by the.oppreffions and exaflions of under-jhtr 'iffs, bailiffs* and other officers concerned AftcrScpt.29,ln th* txetution of the King's proofs: for remedy whereof^ be if J717, none eoafted by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the shall buy, &c. said twenty ninth day of September in the year of our lend the.offi^c °f one thousand seven hundred and feveateen, it lhall not be law-un er-flienff, ^ tQ of for any perf^ or persons whatever, to buy, fell, let, or take to form, the office of under-rtieriff, deputy-fheriff, feal-keeper, county-clerk, (hire-clerk, gaoler, bailiff, or any other office or place pertaining to the office of htghr(heriff of any county or (hire in England or Wales* or to contract for, proxnife, pr grant for money, or other reward or benefit, the said offices orplaces, or any of them ; nor to give, take, promife or receive on forfeiture anY other confideration whatfoever for the said offices, or any of -5001. one of them, direftly or indireftly by themfelves, or any person in halt to the truft for them, or for their u(e; and whofoever (nail offend ^ther^oThe therein shall forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds, a moiety profecinor^to whereof to his Majesty, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other be recovered moiety thereof to fucti person or persons as shall fue for the in any court at fome, to be recovered by adlion of debt, bill, plaint or informa-Weftminfter. tjon jn any Gf the courts of record at Wedminfler^ in which no efipin, proteftion or wager of law (hafi be allowed, nor any Profecution mpre than one imparlance ; provided, That fuch fuit be com-within two menced within two years after fuch offence committed, and not otherwife.

Nothing ante XI. Provided, That nothing in this aft before contained shall lhall hinder a any ways hinder or prevent fuch high (heriff from conftituting high-fteriff and appointing an under-(heriff or deputy-(heriff to aft in his inganSnderV ftead, as by law he may and ought to do; nor to hinder the (heriff, &c. nor under- (henff in cafe of the high-meriff’s death, when he afts as anunder-flie- high-{heriff, from conftituting or appointing a deputy, which In!n^s he l$ hereby impowered to doj nor to hinder, prevent or a-his death bridge foch (heriff or under-lheriff, from demanding, taking or from appoint- receiving the juft and lawful fees and perquifites of the office of ing a deputy, (heriff, or any place or employment pertaining thereunto, or for nor from tak taking fecurity for the due anlwering the fame; nor to difeharge, *; Arc ^or dif* hinder or prevent fuch under-ftieriff, deputy-(heriff, feal-keep- l\ charge^och er, county-clerk, (liire-clerk, gaoler, bailiff or other perfon, i under-iheriff, having or executing any olace or office under fuch (heriff, from : See, from ac- accounting to the high-meriff for all fuch juft and fowfuliees * nor ac^ perquifites as shall by them, or any of them, be taken and I binderthe^e- received in’ their refpeftive offices, places or imployments, nor ; riif from al- for giving fecurity fo to do $ nor to binder or prevent the high- >

Iheriff



?i6']	Anno	tertio	GfioftGii	I.	c.15.	429

triff from allowing or fecuring fuch falary or recom pence to'his ,0"™fT fclarie* der-fheriff, deputy-fharifF, jeal-keeper, county-clerk, lhfce. rk, gaoler, bailiff or other officer, for the execution of the said tbeunder-(he. ices, places or implpyments, or any of them, as to him Hull riff.Src. from m meet ; nor to hinder or prevent the under-lheriff, deputy- receiving the :riff, feal-keeppr, or other officer or person aforementioned, &me*

>m taking and receiving fuch falary and recompence for his their pains and services therein.

XII.	Andfor the more effeBual enforcing and obliging the

iclerks of affixes, clerks of the	peace, clerks of the cmmijjuners of

>ers,. clerks of the	market, town-clerks, or other persons to whom it

h or may belong to make returns of	eftreat into the court of Ex~

quer, to make out and deliver their re/peBiv , tificates and fchedules in due time, Jo that the Jberiff may not be tdered or retarded in the paffing his accountfor want ofthe said - eats according to the	diretlion, purport and intent of an	made

the two and twentieth and three and twentieth years of the reign his late	majefty King Charles the Second, An ad for

: better and more certain recovery of fines and forfeitures e to his Majesty, and made perpetual	made	in	the	Betides the

1rthand fifth years of the reign rf their late majefties King William penalties in i Queen Mary; be it enacted by the authority aforeutid, That **)e *d*of ** er and above the penalties mentioned in the (aid ads, or ei- *** ^ sr of them, it shall and may be lawful td and for the barons perpetual by the court of Exchequer, from time to time, to amerce fuch 4 & j w.

:rk of the affize, clerk of the peace, clerk of the commissioners M. c.*4. f. 4. fewers, clerk of the market, town clerk, or other perfon, to 10m it doth or may belong to make returns of eftreats into clerks of the e said court of Exchequer, as aforefaid, for refilling, negled- affixes, Sec.

5,	or omitting to perform and do his or their duty in returning boa refuting,

: said eftreats, at the times and according to the diredion, ^trwtaTnto11 rport and intent of the said two ads, and to caufe the said theExcheqoer lerciaments to be levied and anfwered by fuch ways and means, and may caufe d in fuch manner as other amerciaments let in the (aid courtfuch “»«*•

iv	or have been ufed to be done.	JrMastfual.

XIII.	And for preventing of opproffions and injuries which may

bpen to bis Majesty's fubjeBs, by the abufe	and No fheriff or

•ers, imployed in levying and aliening any duties or	SvyiS"

my, due or hereafter to become due to his Majesty, his heirs or debts to ceffors, by procefs of the court of Exchequer: be it enaded by the the crown thority aforefaid. That no (heriff, under-lheriff, bailiff, or jhall take any ler person imployed in levying or colleding any of the said &c.	*

bts, duties or fums of mooev, (nail take, ask, or receive any £*

, gratuity, or reward whatsoever, of the person or perfons

ble to pay the laid debts, duties, or fums of money, or of except 4 dqn-

v	other perfon, for or upon pretence of fuch levying or col- ly for an acting, except the sum of four pence only for an acquittance quittance.

■ fuch fum as shall be fo levied or colleded; which acquit-ice fuch officer is hereby required to give and deliver to the rfon upon or from whom fuch debt shall be levied, colleded received; and the bailiff or other person receiving fuch debt fum of money (hall, from time to time, anfwer and account Vol. XIII.	Ff	for



430	Amw	tertio	0J*oroix	t	C#	15**	£171$.

Ami rh«t*** for the foroe-to the Iheriff or hi9 deputy, and may feqiwre an ao

M^c.receiv- quittance a]lb from ifuch (heriffor hits deputy for fuch fuicp, whoaro /Half	^by required to give the fame without any fec^or irwardj

for the fame . and erf and from iuch debts or fums of money fo -levied, coU to the (heriff, lefted or received as aforefaid, the said fheriffs, and . every at &c. and nay. them, shall effectually difeharge the said debtors and perfocs Nuance1130 tefpe^ivcly by tottipg and anfwering toe lame to his Majefly, without fee. his heirs and fucceflors, upon their refpeftive accounts in the And the (he- Exchequer: and in cafe any Iheriff, undcr-lheriffoc ^deputy-*•to a"r Iheriff shall nichil or not duly anfwer to the crowni any debt or ac^un^ia	moQey	f°	levied,	cohered or received, fuch {heriff, un-

the Excbe- dcr-fheriff or deputy-lheriff for every fuch offence shall forfeit

2uer.	treble damages to the party aggrieved- and double the fum fo

f	nichilled or not duly anlwered as afore (aid ; which laid damages

chi\ &c fiich anc*	he ordered, decreed and given to the pertoo

debts codec- aggrieved by the court of Exchequer, upon complaint and proof ted &c. he for-of fuch abufe as aforesaid made and exhibited before the barons feits treble da- Qf the said court, in fuch Ihort and fummary way aod method, sTarf* and e to tbfm {ball meet: and in cafe any (herUF, under-double the Iheriff, deputy-(heriff, bailiff or other person shall prefume to fum (b nichil- demand, take or receive any fum or fums of money whatsoever, }«d-	be the fame more or lefs, ot any person whatfoever, from whom

^te^rd-red aay ^ebt or fum of money is or shall be due and payable to the by thc°Exche-crown by procefs out of the court of Exchequer, for or in re-flusr in a fpeft or upon pretence of executir\g the said procefs, or for or in ftimmary refpeft or upon pretence of fees due to them^or any of them, for A3 d *f (H sollefting or receiving the fame, contrary to'fhe true intent and riff &c!\le^ mooing of this ad; or if any of the officers or perions afore-mauds or said shall demand, take and receive any fum or fums of money take* any mo- whatfoever for pot levying or forbearing to levy any debts, duties <W2ch or ^ums °* moncy> vvhich are or shall be due to his Majesty, processVot b*s bc*rs aiM* fucceflors, and written out to them, or any of lu fees, tor them by the procefs aforefaid: in all and every fuch cafe even collecting person fo offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall fiich debts, be adjudged, deemed and taken, apd is and are hereby ad-levy	deemed	and	taken	to be guilty of extortion, injuftice

he is guilty of aQd oppreflion; and all and every iuch person andperlbos be* extortion* ing thereof lawfully conviftcd, shall forfeit for every fuch offence and^e. treble damages and cofts to the party aggrieved, and double the mages ^um cxtQrte^: a^ which damages and penalties shall be or-to the party dered, decreed and given by the barons of the court of Excbe-grieved, and quer upon complaint and proof of fuch extortion made and ex-double rue ; hibited before them, in fuch (hort and fummary way and me-

toKbe mderwl thoci> as to tbem ^all ^ccm mcct as af°re^ > provided fuch as above, ^ con vision be had and made within two years after fuch. offence it couvichon committed, and not otherwife.

be within two years after fuch offence.

But the (he- XIV. Provided, That nothing;in this aft contained shall be riff may rake conftrucd to deprive any Iheriff of fuch poundage or allowance inch pound- as is allowed and given to them by virtue of this aft, or of fuch ^Fm af* poundage, allowance or reward as may hereafter he made, al-*Iun y 1 1S lowed and given to them, or any of them* by warrant or order

2	from





tyi6$	Anno tcrtio Georoii I. c. 15.	431

rom the ldrd high tresrfiurr or commifftoners of the trrtfary, rhancdlor of the Exchequer or barons of the coiirt of Excho-jucr for die thne being, lor or in refpedt of any extraordinary for any^tra-ervice to the crown that may happen to be performed by them, ordinary f«u*->r any of them : but that the said (heriffs shall and may enjoy vicetotbe > he foil benefit and advantage of fuch poundage, allowance and croWn* eward without any impeachment or molcftatioti whatfoever i	,

ny thing m this ad contained to the contrary thereof Hi any	»

rife notwhhftanding*	AllordenL&c

XV.	And be it enafted by the authority aforefaid, Thatfor CoftsT&c!

whatever orders or decrees shall be made by the barons of the ordered by . ourt of Exchequer for colls, damages and penalties in the cafes	in	a»

Fore-mentioned, or any of them, or in any other cafe in this ^i^ave thlT ft hereafter mentioned, by virtue and in purfoance of this adt, fame torcc,

i fuch (hort and fummary way and method as is herein before &c. at other'

ire&ed and preferibed, shall have the fame effedt, force and orders of the

irtue, to all intents and purpofes, as any other order or dedree

F the fame court; and the said cods, damages and penalties

kail be raifed, levied and obtained by fuch procefs, ways and berated, &c'r

lethods, as are ufed in the said court to enforce a compliance by fuch pro-

ith any other orders or decrees of the fame court.	^ce'rgSar?

XVI.	And for afeertaining the fees for executing bf writs of No fhcriff. &c; legit, fo far as the fame relate to the extending of real estates, njall for exe- # id for afeertaining the fees for executing of writs of Habere curing,anHab* das Pojfeffmm out Seifinam; be it ena&ecl by the authority afore-

id, That from and after the lad day of Michaelmas-term iObovcis.per ic year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and feven- pound of the en it shall not be lawful for any (heriff, under-(herifF, deputy- yearly value «rifF or their bailiffs, or for the bailiff of any franchife or li- any manor, rrty, or any of them, by reafon or colour of tneir office or of- exceeds res, or by reafon or colour of their executing of any writ or not tool, per rits of Habere facias Pojfeffionem aut Seifinam, to demand, ask annum,

• receive any other or greater confideration, fee, gratuitv, or Jnli6d onI3r ward, than is hereafter mentioned, (which (haH be lawful to above^t^e^kid : demanded and taken) that is to fay, the sum of twelve pence yearly value, r every twenty shillings of the yearly value of any manor. By 8 Geo. j. efluage, lands, tenements and hereditaments, whereof pof- c* *5*5* (lion or feifin shall be by them or any of them given, where ^^kenon0 e whole exceedeth not the yearly value of one hundred pounds, an extent and id the sum of fix pence only for every twenty shillings per an* liberate. m over and above the said yearly value of one hundred pounds.

XVII.	And whereas it often happens that fmall films only are re- Poundage lining due upon judgments, ftatutes and recognizances given* tic- (h*U not be owledged and entered into for great films and penalties, and never- £ut fne^nyCa^ ehfs in thefe cafes ut>on executing of writs of Capias ad fatisfaci-. Sa upon any* idum, the Jberijf demands and takes fir his fees poundage for the judgment, &c. bole money for which fuch judgments, fiatutes or recognizances are (°t which part tend or acknowledged; which poundage often far exceeds the debti anpai, cater

/ to the plaintiffs in fitch write: for remedying of wHich griev- fu,n?han ice and inconvenience, be it enadted by the authority aforeT what remains id. That from and after the said iaft day of Michaelmas-ttrm due to the te thousand seven hundred and feventeen, poundage (hail in no f m^k the

Ff*	_	cafe*



43*	Anno tertio Geo&gii I: c,i$.

cafe be demanded or taken upon executing of any writ «f back of the	^fatisfacitndum, or upon charging any person in cxocution by

Ard any fbe- virtue of fuch writ, for any greater him than the red debt riff, 4c. fo of- fide due and claimed'by the plaintiffamounteth unto j wbdiiba fending, i« the plaintiff shall be and is hereby obliged to mark and fpcafy on 0C?' the back of fuch writ, before the fame be delivered to tfee-fheriff and for each *° ^ executed; and in cafe any (heriff, yoder-fheriff, dcputy-fia-offence shall riff, bailiff or other perfbn shall offend againft the true meaning forfeit to the hereof, by taking any greater fees, gratuity or reward, than it partv grieved herein before allowed, every fuch person fo offending as afbre-inagw, and fa*dj and being thereof lawfully convided, shall be adjudged, double the' deemed and taken, and is and are hereby adjudged, deemed fern fo extort- and taken to be guilty of extortion, injufticeand oppeeffian; and *d>	°r‘	all and every fuch perfbn and persons being thereof lawfully coo-

y 1 e vided as aforefaid, shall for every fuch offence forfeit to the party which iffued aggrieved treble damages, and double the fum fo extorted; the writ, in a wffich said damages and penalties shall be ordered, decreed and fummary way, gjven the said aggrieved party by the court out of which fiich one half to vvrit or writs iffued, upon complaint and proof of fuch extortion the King, the made and exhibited before the judges of fuch court, in fuch other to the (hort and fummary way and method, as to them (ball feem profecutor, in meet; and over and above the said damages and penalties, every Weftminfter Pcr^on offending and convided as aforesaid shall ibrfiat if fuch fuit be the sum of two hundred pounds; one moiety whereof (hail be to commenced the King’s majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, and the other within two moiety thereof to fuch person or persons as shall foe for. the year*. feme; to be recovered by ad ion of debt, bill, plaint or infer* matron in any of the courts of record at	in which

no efloin, protection or wager of law shall be allowed, nor any more than one imparlance; provided fuch fuit be commenced within two years after fuch offence committed, and not other-wife ; and provided likewife, That no person be fued qr profc-' cuted by virtue of this ad for any offence of this kind committed before the said laft day of Mtchoelmas-ttrm one tboufead fcven hundred and feventeen.

XVIII.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That inftead of the oath ufually adminiffred to fheriffs at the entring upon their ofhees, the following oath shall be taken by them and each of them refpedivdy, excepting the (heriff? ofthejfe-veral counties in Walts, and oif the county palatine oi Cbtfttr; (videlicet)

The high (he- T A. B. do /wear. That will well and truly fervt the King's riff* MW oath. J[ majeflyin the office ef /heriff of the of

and promote his Majefly'spro in all things that belong to apt ofiue, as far as I legally can or may; I.will truly	theKinfSlights,

and all that belonged) to the c j I not aflint.ta decrjtaje, Iffie* or conceal the King's rights, or the right; of bit frowhcftSi and wbenfoever IJhaU have knowledge that the ef the are concealed or withdrawn, he it in lands, rents, frarubtfes, JuHs or fervid*, or in any other matter or thing, I will do	to	mfkt

them

t -





>	Artndterti* GIWStGii I. c. 15.	^

rim be	reflVrti'te the	trown again;	and'if I do it /

Ml certify and inform the King thereof' or fame of his judges-, I Ml not	rtffke tor delay to levy	the King's debts for any pro-

ifo,	rewardor favour, where f'tnoy raise fame without great

iovanie to the debtors; I will do tigbti as welt to poor as to oil things belonging to my offite\	I wilt done wron

ft, reward er promife, nor for favour erhatred; let’s right, arid iviu truly and faithfully acquit at the of* of	whom I Jhall receive any debts or duties belonging to the

exon; I will tale nothing whereby the King may	er whereby

s right may be iifiwrbed, injured or delayed',	will truly return

td truly serve all the King’s writs according	of	my	fall

td knowledge; I will take no bailiffs into my but fitch as ill	anfiOer for,and will cau/e earn of them to take fuch oaths as I

>, in What belongeth to their bufietefs and occupation; I will truly jit td return	teafinableand due ifiitrs ef them that be within my basli-

<ick, according 10	thetr	eftate	and	cirtuntfiances, and make due panels

r-peffins able andjitfficient,	and not JufpeS-or- procured, as	is

rpointed by the fiaiutes of this realm -, I have not or to trm, nor controlled'fir, nor have	I grant or promiftd for retard Or	benefit,nor will I felt or let to	nor contrail for, or

rant for reward or benefit, by tnyfidf or any other perfen for me,

- for my ufe,	direfMy or	inSrefriy,.my or any bailiwick

hereof, or any office belonging thereunto, or the prejits of the . t any per finer perfimt what ft ever-, / will truly and diligently excite the good	laws'and fiatutes of this realm-, and in	well

Ad truly behave' tftyfilf in my office, fur the brnoar of the* King and be goodof his	fubjells,	and dijcharge the fame according tq tht

f my firiH and power: '

So help me God.

XIX.	Andf f* it <na<9ed by the ahthority aforebid, That he following oathfhail be taken by aH underwftwrifi* of any tfnifrty or counties'of	8outh-Bri tester,except the fever*! counties

>f fralts, and pMinty palatine o	bdjhefter,before they enter up-

jn the execution of their officer rdpoftirely; (videlicet) ,

I A. B. do fwear, flat 7 wtUwill and truly, firve the King’s The nnder-mejtfiy in the office of under-fiseriffi of the county of	» (heriffs new

and promote bisMajififs profit in au things that to the said onth. office, as far as I legally can or may I will prtfirve the King's rights, and all that belongeth to	tbeurewn; I will not ajfent to deer eye,

tiffin or Conceal the King’s rights, er tb* rights of his franches; and whenfoever I fibril have knowledge that the rights of tht crown are concealed or withdrawn, be it in lands, franebifes, or fervius, or in any oritur matter or rising ,/ ttsill do my to make them be	feftortd to	the’crown again j and if J may	ofntyfelf,

I will certify and inform Jane of	bis Majtjudges I

will not rejpiteor delay to levy the King’s. debts reward or favour, where 1 may raise tht ante jo the	debtors',I wHl do right as woll to poor ns to rich, infill

F T j	tb»gt

Anpo tertio GjEOROfJ I t. if,

thing}	belonging it mg office-, I will do at wrong to any man far

gift* reward tr promifi, ner ftr favour orbatrtd-, at man'}	right, and will	truly and at tit Exchequer aH	theft of whom I /ball rathe any debt, duties or fonts of mo-

ney belonging to tht crown-, t will take nothing whereby tbo King snug loft,	or wherebyhis right	may bedipur injured or delayed-,

/ will truly	return,and truly	ftrvt all the writ} to the heft of

mg /kill and hnndedgt-, I Will truly and return	auf

due iffues of tbtm that be within my bailiwick, according to their estates and circumfhnces \ and make due of	able and

fufficient, and not fufpt&ed, or procured,	Jim

lute}tf tins realm i I have not bought,	taken	to	farm,

br untrailed for, nor have I prOtmfed, tr given'any kor will I buy, purtbafe tr	take.to farm, or for-, promifi

pr give any cOnfideration	wbatfonm,by tnyfif, or any other perjtn

for me or for my ufi,	direfUy or ind to ettty perfiu ’or perfect}

ivbatfoener, for the office of	ttnderffiertfftf

-, Which /atnaoWinter upon and et^oy,	for

the profit} of the fame*nor for any bailiwick thereof or ttiey other plate dr office belonging thereunto \ I have not fold nor tentra&ed for, or let to farm, nor have I granted or	fur	reward	or bane-

fit,	by myJeff,or any otherper fin firm Or fir my ufi,	or

indirt illy, any bdibwifi thereof, or ang other plot* or qffiu belonging thereunto-, I will truly and diligently execute the good laws and fia-fntesof this realm -,	and in all things wed and truly	myfetf in

my find office for his	Majtftfs advantage, and fir	good tf hi}

fubyeBs, and difibarge	my whole duty according to	thoheft my

fitiil and power,	*

So help jo* Godr

How and by Which bid oath is hereby ordered and enafted to be admi-wbom the (aid niflred and given by fikph coTOraiffibnera as {halt benaufod gad °jth? w be authorized to adminifter the foregoing oath to the bighiherif£fo admimllred. the country, when and fo often^saeontmiflionor

he toed forth of the pTOpdr^dwrt for thatpurpofey pi* by the barons of die had coart, or one of them, wbea t hofcfoi (herjft defire to be fworn in town.

Sheriffs of Wales and Cheftire to take the old oath with an omidion.

This ad not to extend to fhe-riffs of London, ^c. at to theirdi~ of the offices

XX.	Provided that the Iheriffij of and theeounty palatine of CheJUr, shall not be obliged to take the aforesaid oatih, or either tof them, but shall ftill take the uibal and accuftotncd oaths as they have formerly dene (except the word* following, videlicet, Tt Jhall be dwelling in year oWnpryporperfm within year bailiwick, for the time ye fluff continue In the Jfineyfficr, ft be	othtrvnfi liunfed by the King) which words lhaU hereafter be

left out of the said oaths.

' XXI. Provided that this aft, pr any thing- thereto contained, {halt not extend to the (herifft of London nnd dfiddkfixy W 'county palatine of	the	county	of	Wtfbturkni,erto-the

iheriffs of any city or town beinga countyof isfelf, or to any of ‘ cm, as to their pacing in or oifpofing of any of the offices.

Annotertif GeoRGii I. c. 15.

daces or «tnploynaents of their under-lheriffs, connty-clerks* ailiffs, or other officers, or their continuance therein.

XXir. And whereas by an ail made in and five and birtietbytars of King Henry the Eighth,	,An a<ft for cert-

ain ordinances in the King’s majefty’s dominions and princi-aiity of WaUiy it is (amangft other things)	That	then

'sail be	Jheriffs in every of the twelve Jhires of Wales, yearly an-

ointed by the King's majefty, and that the said Jheriffs ' atcotmtbefore	fuch the King' s-auditer or auditors as Jball be aflign?

I and appointed by the King's majejly for bis dominion of Wales: e it therefore eroded ana declared by the authority aforelaid. That the said fheriffs of hVales shall not be compelled to ap-ear to be appofed in his Majesty’s court of Exchequer, but udl appoint before his Majofty’s said auditor pr the auditors f the principality of Wales, and not elfewhere; any law, fta-ate, cuftom or ufage to the contrary notwithftanaing: and iat the Quietus of the said fheriffs, under the auditor’s hand, r his deputy, shall be a fuifieient difcharge for the laid fheriffs 1 that, behalf.

XXHI. And whereas by the ail made in the thirteenth and renth years 0} the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled. An & for preventing the unneceffajy charge of fheriffs, and for afe in paffing their accompts, i (among/} other things) pro-ided. That tea fheriffs of 4be~ county of. Chefter, Lancaster and Jurhano, being counties palatine, as to their manner of accounting, fotdd account before the rtfpeilive auditors of the said counties only and it	elfewhere: be it eroded and declared by the authority afore*

lid. That the refpedive auditors of the laid counties, or their eputics, by virtue of their refpedive offices, shall and may ike, ftate and allow the accounts of the fheriffs of the said re-xffive counties, and appofe the said fheriffs refpedively touch-fig the execution of the procefs to them refpedively direded, ailed the King’.* 'prpcefs.) and that {he find refpe&ive fheriffs, ipon fuch their accounts touching the premifles, shall and may iave, foe forth, and obtain their refpcdive Quietus ejl and dif-harge from the laid refpe&ive auditors or their deputies, according to their ancient courfe and ufage of the fheriffs pf the aid counties palatine only.

- XXIV- And be it further eroded by the authority aforefaid. That the fheriffs of the city and county of the city of Chefter, ind their fueesflors, shall and may-account, as formerly, before he mayor of the fame city, and his foceefiors (for the time be-ng) for and touching all fuch matters and things as have been teretofore granted from the crown to the fame city in and by heir feverat and refpedive charters.

XXV.	And as for and concerning all other matters and hings whatsoever, not mentioned to be granted in or by the ihaner* of QT tp the fame city, and for which the lheriffs of the emu city atejjr ought to be accountable to his Majesty, his icirs ana fucceffors; it is hereby farther declared ana enacted fcy Jbtf authority aforefaid, That the fheriffs of the said city of

Ff*	Ch(fttr,

435

nnder-fheilfft9

See,

34 & 3| H. U

c. 16.

Sheriffs in Wales to account, as by tbe said aft, before the auditors of Wales, and have their quietus ftgned by them.

13 & >4 Car.*.

Q. si*

Sheriffs of Chefhire, Seta to account, at by the said aft, before the au?-ditors of tho& counties^

and fue out their quietus. Sic. from those auditors.

Sheriffs iff the city of Chefter to account at formerly before the mayor of that city, for all things granted by their charters. But for other matters before the auditors of tbe county, as the (heriffi of that county are above appointed to da

Anno tertio GeoROI! I. c.i$.	[171G.

ChtfltTy and their focceflors, {hall at all times hereafter account for and concerning the fame, before, and be appofcd by, and obtain their Shtutus tfi and difchsuge from the auditor of the county of Cbejier,dr his deputy, in like manner as the (heriffs of the said county of Cbefttr are by this ad appointed to do, and not elfewhere, or in any other manner whanoenr.

The SCHEDULE or LIST in the aft

mentioned, viz.

A SCHEDULE of FEES to be paid for piffing the patents of the several (heriffs ot England and Wales.

The charge taken and received in ibe court of chancery on account tf 'ring out of the patents of the several Jberiffs of England ad lies, that are fued out there, for each the particulars art a followeth.

THE King’s doty for ftamps To the ferjeant trumpeter To the matter of the rolls Signing the docqoet	—

Hanaper fee

I 7

The nx clerks fee on the patent, writ of affiftance, writ of difeharge, and dedimus pot eft at tm For ingrofling the patent, writ of attittance, writ of dif-charge, dedimus poteftatem, the three oaths, the docqoet • I 14 parchment, and attending the fealing the patent The recognizance and duty in a WelflTpatent, more 0 3

A SCHEDULE of FEES to be paid by the (heriffs of England and Wales for pafling their accounts.

FEES to be paid to the clerk of the pipe at the appofal offiwfu

CAnt*	■

Cumbr*	—■

Ebor*	.	■

Hunt’	>———	-

Lond* and Mid’ibx	  ■

Lincoln	-

.Monmouth	—	■	■	■

Northumbr*	—

Rutland	—

WcAmor*	—-

The reft of the counties of England, each

f££i



>7*6]

Anno tcrtso GeoRgii I: -c. 1$.

FEES to be paid to the clerk of tb idling and for the quietus, and	•

lt d.

—.... ................ i

■■	I..-.	10

pAnfHuntf

^ CumV	—......

Ebor*	------

Kent*	---------

Lond’Mid’fqt, .	------

Monmouth "	■	■ —	■	<

Northumbr*	■	■	■■■'■

Rutland	—

Wefimor*	  “

Tbe reft of the counties of England, each

il

3

i 16 2. 16 16 3 3

CASUAL FEES to the clerk of\ the pipe• for the allowance of juflices wages in the counties following, viz*

irBor* •	—	^	-------

£L Lond* Mid’fex	------ ----------------

Lincoln	-■-■■■	■	— 1

The reft of the counties of England, if any fnch allowance be inade

For fetting of a feizure or debt by petition or judgment of court, when it happens For allowance of a record of furplufage fbr the first five pounds	'

For every other five pounds	—	■	—

/. /.

1 ,°

o 13 6 to

o 6

/.

o

4

o

8

i o

o

6

3

FEES to he paid to tbe clerk of tbe pipe for the several cities and accounting towns for their whole account, and quietus^thereupon.

, L S. do

Briftol’

Civit* Glouc*

Civif Ebof*

ViV Novi Caftri Civit’Can tuar*

Civit* Coventry Civit* Exon*

Civit* LltchP

Civit* Lincoln

Civit1 Norwk*

yil* Ksngfton fuper Hull

ITU* No?

ViV Pool ViV South’ton

-

of each I io *

► of each i o t

FEES

447



Anno teitfo Qboko h c. 15.

f'7^

/*£ ES to be paid to the	fecondnries,and ethers the fworn clerks hf

the /aid	office, at the appofals of jberiffs at their coming into

account,and writing their annual , together with the vi~ conlels of thefoot or charge of their whole . .

B

Edf*

Bucks }

Berk*

cadi

■ each

Cant* Hunt’

Comub’

Cumber

Serb’

Dewon’?

Borfet’S*

Effex .	.	-----

Eboi*	~	■	■

Clone’? <	_____

Her*f’Ceadl	------

Herd , ...	.	  .

Kant’	  ...	.

Lincoln	>

Leic’	........-—>- •

Lond’ MicPfex, two fugar-loaves and

Monmouth	  ■■■»

Norf’

North’ton Korthumh'

Note Oxon’

Jlud’

££.}«*

gouth’tou Staff' '

Somerf*

WeftmoH’

Ware Wigora’

Wilt*

v 1 FEES for ceding

BEdf’

Bucks Berks’

\Cand Hune Cornub’

Combe Derb’

Devon

?ars* flejf

10

*7

6

o

6

5	6

6	13

Mi



*

*

o

5 4 4 4

6

O

4

Pbor1

Anno tertfo gsoRoxi I* c. 15 .

7»*J

ibor»

Slone'	——

lerrf*;	—-

ierf	--------

lant9	——■•

.incola	 —

.eic*	—-

.ond* Midd*x, two Jugar-loaves and

lonmouth.........	«

Jorth’ton 1 ___k-lotP 1”^ ,

Iot»

Jorthumbr’

)X0B* '

i.utl* taff’

3b H

alop off’

outh’ton

ornerf*

Sfa&mor’

Farr*

HP*

PEE S of jberiffs for cities and accounting towns,

^Ivit BriHoP ** Civic* Cantaay’

Suit* Ebor’

’ivit* Coventry livit’ Exon’

•ivit* Glouc*

!ivit* Lincoln

ivit* Litchf’

ivit* Norwic*

ivit* Wigom’

il’ Kingfton Hiper Hull

a Notf ■

lov’ Caftrum

iPPool

riP South’ton

Memorandum* The fheriifs of the counties palatine of Chefter and Ltncafter do not account before the cferk of the pipe, but before the refpe&ive auditor of thofe counties; but their book* being writ every year, and certificates made (of what they take in charge) to the auditor, the following fees are to be taken by fhe clerk of the pipe* and the f\yorn clerk for thofe counties, (viz.)

I s. d.

Ihefter	---------- .-------------------------—	234

.ancaft*	■ *	.	40	i

FEES



44ft

Aftno certioG£6R6ii I. C. 15.



FEES to be pend to the fhfi fecondary.

I. /. i.

¥^OR allowing-the fberifis tallies of prefer in etch county o 6 1

Mr In each city and town	   —	034

Making up the (herifF’s fum, containing hit whole charge 1

in York	f	-▼

-	o 13 4

-	o 6 »

Load’ Midd*fex	----

For the left of the counties, each	.	■■	a—	—

Allowing s taliey de rtmamtwu cmmfP or any other taiky I

defoP in his account, when fuch happen For charging a poft-ferow, which rarely happens

To the fetmd fecondary.

i

1 o

3 4

/. d.

If an extraordinary length

To the portubag.

I.

i.

F)R ingroffine the ferow of giten wax of the fheriff). w _ ^ of the counqr.of York	J	1	p	0

vXond* JMidd’fex	■■ ——	—	—	1	o	0

The reft of the counties of England, each	■—■■■■■	0^10	o

For the accounting towns and cities, each *	— ' o 3 4

Cafual and accidental fees to the /worn clerks in their rtfpeQivt of-*	1	fignmentSy	viz.

/«

FOR a conftat of a feizure or debt, in order to’be ruled ) o£ or aifeharged	%	J	0

For fettling of a feizure or debt upon a fheriff’s ac- ~ ie^unt^ 1>y petition or judgment of court, when it * happens	~

Filing the certificates of felons goods, and charging the debts therein contained, eacn '

4 4

3 4 6 *

For the allowance of jujiices wages.

YOrk

Lorid* MiddTex ~	------

Lincoln	-------

' The reft of the* counties of England, each

For Jheriffs allowances.

/.

2

z[

1

Ete'

Lon<P MiddTex	-----

The reft of the counties, each	------

Record of furplufage for the first five pounds For every other five pounds	-

o ,0 O O

o o

o 13 4

/. /• 4

r* t

o 6 S o 6 8 0 3 4



yi6>]

Amo tcrtio Gsorgii I. c.15,

7i /A/ writing clerk for the buftnefs of tht whole year.

r^Ant9 Hunt*	   --■■■«	500

L/ Cornub9	—	-	000

Devon9	*	6 o •

Ebor9	   •*—	*5 0 o

Kant'	- ■ —	-	706

Lincoln	.» 1 -	Tr 1	6 10 O

Lond9 MiddMex	■	"	—■	——	600

Monmouth	-——	—.	300

Gotland	-	■■	■■■	    100

Somers9	—	■ ■ —7 13 4

Suffex	—......................... —,	3 10 o

Weftmorl9	——	   200

rhe reft of the. counties* each - —-	—	500

Civit9 Briftof	10 0

Civit9 Ebor9	■	■■	■ —* - ■ loo

Civit9 Norwic9	■ ■ ■ ■	«	100

Kingfton fuper Hull	——	—...... o 18 4

Novum Caltrum	•	... *■■■■ —	100

Vil’Pool	------- ---------------------- 068

The reft of the cities, each	———	-........... 0134

:6m* Pal9 Ceftr9	—	  06*

Com9 Pal9 Lane9	■	~	—0134

2* be paid to the bagman of the office at the appofal of thejheriffs.

Df England, in each county, two fhilGngs and fix pence, 7 and the cafting oat	3

find for each city and accounting town	■■■■■>■	■»

FEES to be paid to the controller of the pipe.

FOR appofid of Lond9 Midd’fex, and York, each For appofal of Sorry, Sofiex, Rutland and Weft- 2 moreiana, each	J

For appofal of every other county	— '■»	—

For cafting out of Lond9 Midd’fex, and York, each Por cafting out of Surry, Suflex and Rutland, each — Por cafting out of every other county	—	■

Por return of fummons for London,Middlefcx, and York, 2 each	J

Por retorn of every other fununons	■

Por petitions, which feldom	happen	,

/.	/•	d.
0	S	0
0	2	6
\		
L	/.	4
X	0	0
0	*s	0
1	7	6 '
2	0	0
0	*S	0
1	10	0
0	5	0
0	2	6
0	2	6





44*-

AnoO tdtk> Gsofifeil I. fc. 15*



The FEES it- it tab* ty At thru <UHs tf tht caatrtBu of the

pip* iti paffatp Jberiffi duuutis.

JjEdf*

X>

jead

each

each

►each

HcnP Jforth’ttm ~

&	{-

liond’, Miiid’icJC. Cambr’

Beref*

L«c*

Norf*

Nott*

Star

War* ;

Suffer ..	.	•—

Perb*	)

SxQn’	J«»ch

ant’ Hunt’" Close* - «	.

Xant*	>eac}l

Effex Backs Monmouth Berks	.	.

Suffolk	>eacb

South’tOn Worcester J - -Wilts

Salop	. .

Korthumbr’ each Lincoln *

Cornwall Pcfon*

Dorfet Somerset • Ebdr* L Weftmor*

f %

‘1-

’ ’eac ^each

Appofals.	Calling ooti
1. s. d.	/. 1. V.
is6	too
1 s 6	1 5 a
1 5 0	3 5 0
1 ta 6	4  i 10 d
1 *5 0	1150
1 19 2	1 16 8
226	s 0 0
292	a 6 »
292	2 6 9
3 9*	368
4 16 8	4 16 8
0 17 6	0 17 6

Ftr fettjrn of every fummons, (even shillings and fix pence; except Load’ Mid’fex, fifteen (hillings; York one pound and five ih filings; and Cornwall Devon, Dorset, Lincoln, Somerfiet# Suffolk, South’ton, Wilts and Salop

lop* each feventeen shillings and fix pence. For the petition of allowance* three dulling* and fix pence $ except in London, Middlesex, and York, thir» teen shillings and four pence; and in Cornwall* Devon and Somerfet, fix shillings and eight pence each; for every other

petition, one (hilling; and for the jofticcs wages in London and Middlesex, ten Stillings*

FEES





Anno tertio Georgii L c. 15.

448

10

8

d.

4

s,

q

*7

4

o 13 4

o ro p

o 18 p

SEES /r he paid hy Sheriffs in the King's remembrancer's off&t> upon giving fecurity when he enters into his office.

i*

FT*HE Stamp duty of the recognizance	  <

X The caption fee before the baron	—	<

The King's remembrancer’s fee for the fame, for the ) counties of York and Norfolk, foreach of them }

To him for every other county of England, except Lancaster and Durham, and the feverafcounties of Wales, which give no fecurity in the Exchequer To the attorney for malting the recognizance, attending the baron, entering and inrolling the recognizance, snaking the fiat, and duty for the fiune, and filing the warrant of attorney Upon the appofal of every Sheriff upon the procefs re- 1 turnable in EaSler term to the deputy remembrancer J To the attorney that receives and files the writs, and at<* 5 tends the appofals of the fheriifs	J

The like upon the procefs returnable in Michaelmas term For making the certificate when the Sheriff enters upon 1 his account of what feizures are by him made upon > the procefs returned in that office, during his year J

Treasurer's remembrancer's office in the court of Exchequer*

FEE S taken of /heriffs in the j'aid office on paffing their accosmts by the remembrancer.

05a

* 4 4 094

0 4 4

UPON a baron’s warrant for refpitinga Sheriff’s appofals, or for a day over to finilli his accounts Upon the view of a Sheriff’s accounts in Eaflcr and Michaelmas term Upon the commiffion to fwear a Sheriff in the country to account

Upon examining and ruling a Sheriff’s petition of allowance for the two days granted ex gratia curia for finishing his account, and for filing his affidavit of felbns goods.

Upon examining and ruling any other petition in a Sheriff’s account, when any fuch happens*	—*

Upon a record of furplufage, for the first five pounds For every other five pounds	—	—	■■■—

For filing any Ccnjiat warrant, or other Exhibit	——

/. x. i. 049

o	6	1

o	6	*

O 12	9

3

6

3

1

4

8

4

By the /worn Clerks.

/. /. d*

FO R making the view of a Sheriff’s account in Eafter 7 —	.—

and Michaelmas term, five Shillings each term, viz. J 1 “ For giving a Sheriff notice termiy, during his year of" office, of any information or plaint agamff him, according to the Statute in that cafe made and provided, t r ^ and for attending his appofals before the barons, and in ' *

Eaffcr and Michaelmas terms, twenty Shillings each term, viz*

Ut





44*

Anno tertio Georgii I. c. 15,



For drawing any warrant to be figned by the chancellor 1

or a baron -■ - ■ •	---------------------- J

For attending a baron for his hand thereto	'	■

For dire&ing a fheriff in his bufinefs daring the three terms he is upon his account, ten shillings each term.

For making the commiffion to fwear a fheriff in the conn* try to account purfaant to a warrant from a baron for dut purpofe	■—	-■— _

For the oath thereunto annexed	——	-------— 6	$

For a high fherifPs warrant to be fwom to account, ^

(when he comes in perfon) and for attending his being V I — — worn ..	—	■■	 -■«	J

	
L x-	s.
— 6	8
— 3	i
I io	•*
— IO	o

For an under-fherifPs warrant	—

For attending and potting in a fherifPs bill of prefers at the receipt of Exchequer in Cro* Cl? Pafche & Cro9 Sc? Mich* when his year is ended, at his fwearing to account ----------------------------- —	—

}

For entring the two days ex gratia atri/t For drawing a fherifPs oath touching felons goods —■ — For a copy thereof to tranfmit to the pipe ■■ - —	—

For a certificate of the execution of a procefs ............. —

For a fearch in order to make fuch certificate ——.	—

For drawing any petition in parchment and inrelling it —

Fbr inrolling a fherifPs bill of allowance -------------- .—

For inrolling any fchedule in Onere conftat or warrant by 3_____

the roll ---------------------------------------   —-----1

For a record of furplufage, for the first five pounds For every other five pounds

3	4

6 *

6 8 6 8

6 8

11 f3 4 6 8 -68

For copying any feizure made by a fheriff, per fheet — For examining and figning the fame — >	■	—

For a writ of afllflance and feal —— ■	 —

For attending at Weflminfter to difmifs a fheriff the I court, on nnifhing his account —	  >	j

3 4

— 8

3 4

io —

— 68

By the Filazer.



FOR entring a high fherifPs commiffion or warrant

ad computand' on the icroll of accountants	—■ — C 5

For an under-fherifPs warrant, and any warrant ad re- j

dpi end* brevia ...........	—	—-----  j

For the fherifPs tallies of prefers — ■■ ■ ■■■	—.

For entring a fherifPs writs on die bills ----------—	—

And when he comes poft diem, and amerciaments are fet 1 by the court, then for each amerciament one (hilling, > — being ufually fix, during his year, Viz. ■ ■ - — j

- When any plea, compofition, order, or the like, happens daring si’fherifPs account, through his defaults or contempts, he pays the fame fees that arc paid by other fiucors.

<x —

t — 2 —

6 -

There



445'

*

716.] Anno tertio Georgii I.#c. 15.

'hen have been fome fmall fees time out of mind paid to the under -

clerks/ viz.

t	^	^	/•	/.	ft

O R writing a warrant or affidavit —	* — — i —

. On return of procefs twice a year, five shillings, viz. — 10 — or engroffing a commiffion, and oath annexed	.	$	—

As likewifc la the Porta bag, viz.

/. /. d.

70R carrying any writ to he fealed _	■■■■*■■:	■—	  6

I1 For a comnuffion .	-	—	  .	^	—	—»■	—	1	—.

l (herifF pays him at each of his appofals two shillings, viz. — 4 —-s ind for po^age of all his bu finds, during the time he is ) ^	’

upon his. account	^	«■—»	■ . y	*

f particular of fuch fees as are to be paid by Jberffs in the office of remembrancer of the firjlfruits and tenths in his Majejly's Exchequer. —	-	—	'	-

/. *

J70R attending the fherHPs appofals at Weftminfter 1 L1 upon their returning of writs ifiued for »arrears of v— 4 4 (irft-fruits, and for filing the fame in Eafter term, each J The like for Michaelmas term ----------------------------------------—	4	4

7 E E S to be received by the' foreign appofer, his deputy or chief clerk, of all Jherffs of counties, cities and towns, at their appojal upon the Jvmmonsof the green wax, and for making out the jujlue* zvjgcs when cravea by the /heriff \

bounties.

QEdford [3 Berks	—

lucks	•—;

:ambri Hunt* . Cornwall Cumberland )erby	» ■■ —

>evon	----

)orfet	-------

'.(Tex	—------

jloucefter * Hereford	•

iertfbrd	*	—

Lent	----

.ieic*	.....

Lincoln;

L,ond* and Mid*fex Vloirmouth Norfolk	—

Northmen [Nottingham Northumberland Vol. XIII.

Gg

Appofal.

I, /. d.

•3 S ° 3 5 3 5

I S

6	S

3 §

3	>»

7	5

t I

4	S

3 I

H

1 I

7 i°

I 5

6 S

5	I *

3 18 4

* JS 0

Juftices.

Wages,





J. d d d d 6 6 6 6 6

5

6 d 6 6 6 6 a 6 Q 6 6 6

Oyfbrf



/

Anno ttrtio Georgii I. c. 15.	[	17*6.

Counties.

Oxford

Rutland

Salop

Somerfet

South* ton

Stafford

Suffolk

Surrey

Suffex -

Warwick

Weftmoreland

Worcefter

Wilts

York

Appofal.			J offices		
			Wages		-
3	5	O	X	12	6
-- — - 1	*5	O	0	0	0
4	ij	O	L	12	6
- 	 6	s	O	I	12	6
3	18	4	I	12	6
■ ■ 3	S	0	1	12	6
7	5	0	3	5	0
3	S	0	1	12	6
		 	* 3	5	0	i	12	6
	 3	S	0	1	X 2	6
. —- 1	>5	0	0	O	0
	 3	s	0	1	12	6
	 5	s	0	1	12	6
9	5	4	3	5	0

Appofals. /.	1.	d.

o 17 6 0176 o 17	6

t 12	6

o 17	6

o 15 to

0	15 10

1	12	6

o 17	6

o 17	6

Towns.

Klnefton fuper Hull Nottingham Newcaftle upon Tyne Pool	—■ ■■■

South’ton -........

Appofals.

o 15 10 o 17	6

o 17 6 o 14.	2

o 17	6

Cities.

BRiftol Coventry Canterbury Exeter Glouc> Litchfield Lincoln Norwich Worcester York

FE E S to be taken by the clerk of the extracts in his Majesty's court of Exchequer, and by the /worn clerk in that qffitt, of all Jberijfs accountable in the .Exchequer, upon their appofals m the fummons of the Green Wax.

/. /. /

TO the clerk of the extracts for Northumberland and

Weftmoreland, each ------------ ■ ■ —■

Of London and Middlesex --------------------  ■	■	—

Of the county of Rutland	——	 *

Of every other county, each —--------------- —■

Of the city of Exon	~	■	■	-----------

Of every other city and town, each	-— .........

0	10 0

1	2	0

o 13 4 100 o 10 0 068

To the fworn clerk for writing out the fummons twice every year, and attending the appoials* .





Of

447

Of the county of Rutland ■ ■ —	  6

Of Ebor’	    i

OF Surrey .................... «.....................  —	i

OF Weftmoreland	—	—.	-	■ ■ — o

Of the .fcounties of HereP, HertP, Oxon, SulP and }

Southron, each ■' ■ ■ « -	.... —— J 1

OP every other county	—---- —*—- t

OP the cities of Briftol, Litchfield, and town of Pool, each o

Of the city of Exon	 p—	—»—	o

Or every other city and town* each	  o

The fee due to the chancellor of the Exchequer, hisl fecretary and clerk, for paffing a fherifPs allowance, > o to be	  ■	■	- ■■■■	 j



11 16

o

6

5

io

8

*5

d.

2

%

4

8

o

8

io

o

4

9

PE E S to be taken by tie curfttor~barony and bis clerk^ of the ft-veral Jberijfs of England.

TO the baron for fwearing to their account, and

iigning their warrant	-------

Tojiis clerk --------------------  ■■	*... .........

To the baron at their appofals	 —	—

To his clerk	    —

To the baron at their casing out of court	-----

To his clerk	■	..... ......................

/. s. d.

o 16 8

040

100.

076

100

076

• Sheriffs of London and Middlesex, and fheriffs of the county of York, pay doable fees, and the fheriffs of Suffex, Surrey#

. Rutland and Weftmoreland, pay half fees.

PEES certain and cafual to be paid by the Jberijfs to the marjhah of his Majtftys court of Exchequer, granted to them by patent under the great feal without jalary.	\

Eajler Term.

AL L fheriffs of the counties of England come then*1 to be appofed on their writs and procefs before the I barons, and pay the said marfhals (except Rutland r and Yorkfhire)	—-—	—	J

Rutland to pay half that fee, viz.	■	■	— — o

Yorkfhire double	-■	■■	—-	-------—— I

o is r*

7

n

11

8

Michaelmas Term.

The fame fheriffs are appofed again on the fame writs and procefs* and to pay their fees as above.

Eajler Term.

Sheriffs of the cities and towns, and deputies of the cinque ports, each of them to pay feverally upon their appofals then as followed, viz. ..

I. /. d.

Lincoln, Canterbury, Pool, Gloucefter, Wigom»Not-1

tingham, Coventry, South’ton, Litchfield, and dc- > o 8	8

puty of the cinque ports ----------------------- »-------\

G g 2	York,

*	C~jOO^Ic

York, Norwich, Exon, Newcaftle, Hull Bxidol city	.	------- --------------

1*7i6.

J.

t

I. s. O tl O IO

Michaelmas Term.

TH E lheriffs of cities and towns above, appofed then, are to pay the fame fees as paid in Eaffer terjn, and when fwom to account, are to pay no more	——

Bailiffs of liberties fwom to account, are to pay each Brillol efcheator is to pay --------------------- ■	-----

i

1

-f

Sm d

3 •

o

o

8

Michaelmas Term.

SHERIFFS of counties prefixed that term to be*1 fwom, and to take their accounts in charge before the curfitor-baron, on the fummons of the pipe, and be* fore the foreign appofer upon the green wax, viz. Ef- ^192 fex, Hertford, Kent, Cantor*, Hunt*, North’ton, Lincoln, Stafford, Wigorn, Wilts, Comub*, Salop, Berks,

and Bucks, are to pay each	----;—

Rutland is to pay half that fee	■	—	o 4 7

London and Middlesex is to pay his fees for a whole year 512 o London gauger then fwom in court is to pay — ■ ■	088

Hillary Term.

SHERIFFS of counties fwom and appofed before the^ curfitor-baron and foreign appofer, as in Michael- | mas term, viz. Surrey, Suffex, Oxon, Berks, Nor- I folk, Suffolk, Hereford, Dorset, Monmouth, Somer- f fet, Derby, Nottingham, Devon, Gloucefter, War- | wick,; South’ton, ana L'eicefter, to pay each	j

York pays double	  —	-■—

/. /. /.

9 *

2 18 4

Eajler Term.

}

SHERIFFS oflCumberland and Northumberland, then prefixed and appofed on the fummons of the pipe and green wax, Before the curfi tor-baron and foreign

appofer to.pay each	----

tVeftmoreland then to pay his fees for the whole year

Lancafiiire for the whole year	  —

Chefliire for the whole year ............	.......

All lheriffs difcharged by proclamation in the court, ex- )

cept York . >---------------  '	 J

York is to pay	«—	-—

Cafual F E E S•

SHERIFFS attached by order of court or warrant Sheriffs in puilpdy per di(tn9 until difcharged ■ ■ —»

* f	9	2
2	6	8
3	10	0
3	6	8
0	is	to
1	it	8
/.	X.	J.
1	*3	*
0	6	
		if.

/i7j6-] Anno ttrdo Georgn I. c. 15.

If the marfhal rides into the country, fix pence per mile forwards, and the fame backwards, towards his charges, from the fheriff on whose account he goes.

Every fheriff that hath further time given him by order 1

of court of warrant to pais his accounts, or to be ap- > o 6 & pofed, to pay	   ■	----— J

The PE E S to be taken by the four ujbers of his Majeflfs court 6f

Exchequer.

OF every high fheriff when he enters on recognizance 1 ^ Q in the Exchequer -----------------------—	*------- ’	°	8

beam

vOf every fheriff of a county fwom to anfwer upon his* 1 two appofals on the King's remembrancer, treafurer’s ^ remembrancer and firft-fruits procefi, for each the

said appofals ■	     m

Of every fheriff of a city, Sec, on each of the said two j appofals	■■ ■■	■	■■

pf every fheriff of a county fwora to his account in court or clfe where, and on his appofal on the pipe-

procefs before the curfitor-baron	------

Or every fheriff of a city, Sec, on the like appofal	o

Of cveiy fheriff of a county at his cafting out of court 1 1 or fioifhing his account	■	—-	'->«■—	J	^

London, Middlesex and Yorkfhire to pay double.

i.

6

8 6

° 4

o i%

o

o

FEES to f>e taken by the court-keeper of his Mojejiy's court <f '	Exchequer.

OF every high fheriff when he enfers on recognizance ) in the Exchequer	,	—------ —— j

d.

o

Pf every fheriff of a county-town to anfwer upon his pvo appofa|s on the King’s remembrancer, treafurer’s remembrancer and firft-fruits procefs, for each of the said appofals	■ ■ • ~ -	—	—	—

Of every lheriff of a city, Sec, on each of the said two

appofal*	■	-	-------

Of every fheriff of a county fworn to his account in court or elfewhere, and on his appofal upon the pipe-

procefs before the curfitor-baron----------------------_

Of every fheriff of a city, Sec, on the like appofal —— o Of every fheriff of a county upon his appofal on the fum-1 * mons of green wax before the foreign appofer and

c)erk of the eflreats	■	■ ---	■	-	J

if appofed out of term	-■	  ■	o

Of every fheriff of a city, &c. on the like appofal —------- o

► 020

O I o

o 3 o

0 2 0

Of every fheriff of a county. Sec, on his catting out of 1 court, or finifhing his accounts	—	■	j

London, Middlesex and York are to pay double.

6

o

0 2 0

449

Gg^ a.	FEES

450

Anno tertio Georgii I. c. 15,

FEES to be received by the meffenger of the fait court, viz.

/. x. d*

OF every fheriff of a county fworn to anfwer upon*}

his two appofals on the King's remembrancer, t * §t treafureris remembrancer and firll-fruits procefs, for {	*

each of the said appofals --------------------------  J

Of every fheriff of a city for each of the laid two ap- } _ pofals	*	4

London Middlesex and York to pay double.

FEES to be received by the tipfiaff in the feud court.

/.

OF every high fheriff when he enters on recognizance 1

in the Exchequer	   —	)

Of every fheriff ot a county fworn to anfwer upon hisl two appofals upon the King's remembrancer, treafu- I rer's remembrancer and firtt-fruits procefs, for each ? of the said appofals	■ —- -	—~ J

Of every fheriff of a city, &c. fworn to anfwer the like 7 0

appofals —	■	■	——>	 )

Of every fheriff of a county fworn to his account in court' or eliewhere, and on his appofal on the pipe-procefs > o 3

before the curfitor-baron ■ - — -	  —

Of every fheriff of a city, Sec. on his appofal on the pipe-procefs before the curfitor-baron Or every fheriff of a count and finifhing his account

every fheriff of a county at his calling out of court, ^

London Middlesex and York to pay double.

/• d. 2 o

FEES and allowances to be paid to the auditors of the Exchequer, for making up qud puffing the under-mentioned Jberiffs accounts, viz.

7. /. i.

FOR inrolling a fherifFs patent filing the several cer-*} tiheates, drawing and ingrofhng the account, and f for the Qdietus of the fheriffs of Cnefhire and Lanca- r

fhire, the fees for each county to be	 J

For the county palatine of Durham, according to ancient *

cuftom ----------——	*------ —--------------

For calling out of fljeriffs in open court, except London and Middlesex, York, ana Lincoln, each county for London Middlesex, York, and Lincoln, each county

to o •

9 6 I

0	10 o

1	O Q

FEES to be paid by the Jberiffs of Wales to the auditor of Wales and Cbefture, for the Jeveral Jberiffs of Wales.

/. /. d.

FO R every old feizure charged in the fherifFs account 010 For every new feizure charged in the fherifPs account 020 For inrolling a fherifPs patent, filing the several certifi-1

cates, drawing and ingroffing the account, and for the >818 4 Quietus eft, for each county	■■	- J

Tie



451

The FE E S due to the receiver of North and South

I. J# rf.

FROM every iherifF upon pacing his accounts at the 1

audit for the figning hi* accounts and entring in > 2 13 4 the revenue-book -------------- — -----------------)

For the Jheriffs of Clejbire.

/. /. /.

FO R inrolling the (herifTs patent, filing the feverai 1

certificates, drawing and ingrofiing the account, and > 29 00 for the Quietus eft	------- ■—— ...............J

CAP. XVI.

An act for the better enabling fheriffs to fue out their patents and pafs their accounts.

WHEREAS it is not reafonable that the Jheriffs of this king-dom, who are obliged to take upon them that troublefome and expenftve office for the service of their country, Jbould pay thofe large fees that are demanded of them, and of right belong to the officers and clerks of the chancery, Exchequer and pipe, for paffing their ’patents and accounts and obtaining their Quietus’s : and whereas it' would be unreafonable to take their due fees from the officers and clerks, or to exp eft that they should do the duty of their refpeftive offices without a reafonable reward for their labour: and whereas the whole expence of paffing the patents and the accounts of the feverai Jheriffs herein after mentioned amounts to four thousand pounds : therefore, to the end that the fheriffs may be eafed and justice done to the said officers and clerks, be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent majeftyj by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritqal and temporal, and of the commons, in this present parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from After Sept.29, and after the twenty ninth day of September in the year of our ^jy-tbeyear-Lordohe thousand seven hundred ana feventeen, the yearly fum Oiall be of four thousand pounds shall be fet apart at the receipt of the fct apart in the Exchequer, out of fuch fund as by any aft of this fellion of psr- Exchequer, liament shall be charged with the said yearly fum, and in fuch manner as shall be thereby appointed, tor the ufes and purposes hereafter mfntioned.

II. And be itfurthef enafted by the authority aforefaid. That Out of the there shall be yearly and every year paid out of the monies monies fo fct which (hall, from time to time,' be fo let apart, upon the first Rafter e™ day of Muhelmas-Term, to the feverai lheriffs for the time being, prcfltd shall of the feverai counties herein after mentioned, the feverai and he paid to the refpeftive fums herein after expreiTed, to enable them refpeftively several (hcriffe, to bear the expences of the refpeftive letters patents for their	av

offices, and to pafs their refpeftive accounts, and to obtain their patents, refpeftive Quietus’:: the said yearly fums to be received withoift any account or impreft whatfoever to be fct upon them, or 'any	A

G g 4	of

Anno tertio GfcoR&li I. C. *6.	[ryatf.

ef them, and without paying any fees or charges for the fame, pr any part thereof r that is to fay,

TO the refoe&ive (heriffs which shall be appointed for the county of Bedford, ninety three pounds and fix shillings.

For the county of Berks, ninety fix pounds.
For the county of Bucks, ninety fix pounds.
For the counties of Cambridge and Huntington, ninety five pounds and ten shillings.
For the county o? Chejbire, sixty two pounds and ten shillings.
For the county of Cornwall, one hundred and two pounds and fixteen shillings.
For the county of Cumberland ninety pounds and two shillings.
For the county of Derby, ninety three pounds and nineteen shillings.
For the county of Devon, one hundred and fix pounds nine shillings.
For the county of Dorset, one hundred and one pounds fix shillings.
For the county of EJJex, one hundred and eight pounds ten shillings.
For the county of Gloucester, ninety eight pounds and ten shillings.
For the county of Hereford, ninety four pounds and fix shillings.
For the county of Hertford, ninety three pounds.
For the county of Kent, one hundred and eight pounds ten shillings.
For the county of Lancajler, sixty seven pounds and seven shillings.
For the county of Leicefter,. ninety four pounds and fix shillings.
For the county of Lincoln, one hundred and one pounds three shillings.
For the county of Middlesex, one hundred and nineteen pounds three shillings.
For the county of Monmouth, eighty nine pounds and three shillings.
For the county of Norfolk, one hundred and one pourids fifteen shillings.
For the county of Northampton, ninety fix pounds.
For the county of Northumberland, ninety one pounds.
For the county of Nottingham, ninety five pounds and thirteea shillings.
For the county of Oxon, ninety seven pounds and feyen shillings.
For the county of Rutland, sixty nine pounds and eleven shillings.
For the county of Salop, ninety eight pounds and three shillings.
For the county of Somerfett one hundred and twelve pounds and nineteen shillings.

716.3 Amotertio GeorgiiI. c. 17, 18.	453

For the county pf Southampton* one hundred and one pounds three shillings.

'orvthe county of Stafford, ninety five pounds and ten shillings.

'or the county of Suffolk, one hundred and two pounds twelve shillings.

ror the county of Surrey, ninety pounds and two shillings. ror the county of Suffix, ninety pounds and five shillings.

?■ or the county of Warwick, ninety three pounds and ten shillings.

For the county of JVilts, one hundred and four pounds ten shillings.

For the county of JVorceJler, ninety eight pounds and three shillings.

For the county of Tori, one hundred and fifty pounds.

For the county of Jnglefey, thirty pounds.

For the county of Brecon, thirty pounds, ‘

For the county of Cardigan, thirty pounds.

For the county of Carmarthen, thirty pounds.

For the county of Carnarvon, thirty pounds.

For the county of Denbigh, thirty pounds.

For the county of Flint, thirty pounds.

For the county of Glamorgan, thirty pounds.

For the county of Merioneth, thirty pounds.

For the county of Montgomery, thirty pounds.

For the county of Pembroke, thirty pounds.

For the county of Radnor, thirty pounds.

And to the (heriff of Wejlmoreland for the time being, forty pounds fix shillings.

cap. xvn.

An act to enable his Majesty to appoint comraiflioners to take, examine, ftate and determine the debts due to the army. EXP.

CAP. XVIII.

An act for explaining an aft paffed the laft session of par+ liament, intituled. An act to oblige papifts to regifter their names and real estates ; and for enlarging the time of fuch regiftring *, and for fecurtng fur chafes made by proiejlants.

WHEREAS by an oft made in this present parliament, inti- , QCOt ,, 4^ tided. An a& to oblige papifts to regifter their names and a. c. 55. real estates, it is enafted, That all and every person and persons s Geo. a. c.sji not having taken the oaths therein mentioned before the lajl day of Trinity-Term in the year of our Lord one thousand /even hundred end fifteen, having any ejlate or inter eft in any lands, tenements or hereditaments, or who should thereafter have any estate or interejl in any lands, tenements or hereditaments lying, being or arifmg in that part of Great Britain called England, or in Wales, or the town of Berwick upon Tweed, who was or should be a popijh recufant, % or papifi, or was or jhould be educated in the popi/b religion, or whose parent

Anno tcrrio GEoRGir 1. C. iS.	[1716.

parent or parents should be a papift orpapijts, Or who should ufe or profefs the popifl) religion, should take the oaths ahd repeat and fub-fcribe the declaration therein mentioned', at fuch times and in fuch l imner as is therein exprejfed, or in default thereof Jhould, within the fpace of fix months next after the time thereby appointed fcr Aim, her or them to take the said oaths, regijler or procure to be reg iff red his, her or their name or namest and dll fuch lands, tenements and hereditaments whereof he, Jbe or they, or any truflee or trujlees for him, her or them, or his, her or their benefit or advantage, fibould be in the pcffeffion or in receipt or perception of the profits, in fuch manner and form as is therein exprejfed, upon pain that the person and persons wtlfidh neglecting or refufing fo to do, or committing any fraud in fuch regijtry, should forfeit the fee-ftmple and inheritance of all fuch lands, tenements and hereditaments not regifired or fraudulently regifired, whereof he, Jbe or they, or any person or persons in trujl for him, her or them, was or were feized in fee-fimpie & 'the time of fuch default or fraud in regiftring as aforefaia, and the full value of the inheritance of all fuch lands, tenements and hereditaments not regifired or fraudulently regi/lred as aforefaid, whereof he, Jhe or they, or arty person or persons in truft for him, her or them, was not or were not feized tn feefimple at the time of fuch default or fraud as aforefaid, two third parts whereof to the King, and the other third pari thereof to fuch person or persons, being a pro-teftant or protefiants, $s should file for the fame at the common law in any of his Majejlfs courts at Weftminfter or in the high court of The time for (hancery, as. by the said aft more fully appears: for the amending papifts to re- and explaining the said ad, and giving a further time to papifts gilter their to regifter their names and real estates j be it therefore enaded raTeffote en- the King's molt excellent majefty, by and with the advice larged to Oft. and con lent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons, so, 1717. in this present parliament sfflemWed, and by the authority of the fame. That the time for fuch regiftring fee enlarged, and the fame is hereby enlarged to the twentieth day of October one thou* And seven hundred and feventeen.

No fait for	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid,

frauds in regi- That no adion or fuit for any penalty or forfeiture contained in ftring fha.ll be this or the said former ad, for wilfully ncglcdmg or refufing commenced to regifter, or for committing fraud in fuch regittnr, shall be two commenced or brought after two years after the offence com-y	mitted,	againft any person offending therein.

Where ma- III. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That nors, fcc. lie where it shall happen that any manors or reputed manors, de* riea^han^n? mcfnc or other lands, or entire forms, do lie in more counties they shall be’ than one, the regiftring of fuch manors, lands, tenements and regmred in hereditaments in the county only where the manor houfe or the the county on- houfe or houses to the said farm or lands do He, and not in feve-mmor hodb ra* count*es> taking notice thereof in the foid regiftrv that the fame do extend to fuch other county or counties, shall be a faf-ficient regiftring of fuch entire manors, forms or lands within the true intent and meaning of the said recited adr

........	?	‘	IV	,4,4

' 455

Anno tertio Georoii L c. ill.

IV. And whereas feme doubts have arifen, as well upon the fold ecited aft, as dfo upon one other aft made and pajfed in the parlia- u & n w. j. 7ent held in the ebvtnth and twelfth years of the reign of the late c. 4. ting William the Third, intituled', An a# for the further pre-renting the growth of popery 5 and upon another aft made in the irjl year of the reign of the late King James the Firfi, for the due 1 Jac. i.c. 4. xecution of the Jlatutes againjl jefuits, feminary priejls, recufants,

\nd other afts made againjl papijls and popi/h recufants, touching the ale of the real eflates ofperfons prof effing the popijh religion, or inr ter ring the difalilities and incapacities in the said afts mentioned: be t enabled by the authority aforefaid, That no fale for a full and	*

valuable confideration of any manors, mefluages, lands, tene- tjJ>n neats* or hereditaments, or of any interest therein, by any manors, Sec.. ^erfon or persons being reputed owner or owners, or in the pol- by the reput-reflion or receipt of the rents and profits thereof, heretofore ed <>*ncr» made or hereafter to be made, to and for any proteftant pur- toinw chafer and purchafers, and merely and only for the benefit of protefiant, proteftants, shall be avoided or unpeachea for or by reafon or dull be avoid-upon pretence of any of the difabilities or incapacities in the faid	pretence

a#s or any of them contained, incurred or luppofed to be in-	*the ml*

curred by any of the persons making or joining in fuch fale, or c^twi by any other person or persons from or through whom the title to fuch manors, mefluages, lands, tenements or hereditaments, or any interest therein, is or shall be derived or fuppofed to be derived, unlefs before fuch fide the person entitled to take ad- unlefi fuch vantage of fuch difability or incapacity shall have recovered fuch manors. Sec. manors, mefluages, lands, tenements and hereditaments, or were recover-given notice of his claim and title thereto to fuch purchaser, or*} before the before the contra# for fuch fale shall have claimed the said ma- ^the^lSin* nors, mefluages, lands, tenements and hereditaments by reafon given to the-of fuch difability or incapacity, and have entred fuch claim in purchafer, open court at the general feflion of the peace for the county, or tbc city, riding or diviflon wherein fuch manors* mefluages, lands, entred at the tenements or hereditaments lie or arife, and bona fide and with guarter-fef- , due diligence purfu^d his remedy in a proper courfe of juftice“0U,‘ for the recovery thereof: the said several afls above mentioned and refereed to, or. any thing therein contained to the contrary notwith (landing.

V.	Provided nevertheless. That whereas it was, amongjl other The claufcin things, enafted by the said aft of parliament made in the eleventh, and n&n W. j. twelfth years of the reign of the late King William the Third, Thatc- 4; whcrdbjr from and after the tenth day of April which Jbould he in the year	from

our Lord one thousand seven hundred, every papift or person making pUrchafing profeffion of the popi/h religion Jbould be difabled, and was thereby any manors, made incapable to purchafe either in his or hr own name, or in the	no[

name of any other person or persons, to bis or her ufe, or in trujl for him or her, any manors, lands, profits out of lands, tenements, rents, p-aicd. terms or hereditaments within the kingdom of England, dominion of Wales and town of Berwick upon Tweed; and that all andfingu--hr efiates, terms and any other interejls or profits whatfoever out of lands, from and after the said tenth day of April to be made, fuff ere A

or

5*6

if 8c 12 W. 3

c. 4.

After Sept. 19. 1717, no manors, lands, Sit. shall part from papifU by deed or will, unlefs in-rolled in fix months.

9y to Geo. 1. c.4.feft. 19. Provi/k* is made for deeds, fifr. not ixrolfcd since Sift, so, J7*7» tf in-rolled on 29 Sept. 1714.

Anno tcrrfo Ceorgii f. c. 19—2,1.	[1716

dr don*, to or for the uft or behoof of any ftub person or parfan$y or upon any trujl or, confidence mediately or immediately^ to or for the benefit or relief of any fucb person or perform, Jbould be utterly zroid and 4] no iffefty to all intents, confiruftions and purposes whatjorver : |t a hereby declared ?nd enafted, That the said recited part of the (aid aft of parliament shall not be hereby altered or repealed, but the fame shall be and remain in full force, as if this a<5t had never been made.

VI.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the nine and twentieth day of Septambania the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and feventcen oo manors, lands, tenements, hereditaments or any interefih therein, or rent or profit thereout, shall pafs, alter or change from any papift or person profefiing the popilh religion, by any deed or will, except fuch deed within fix months after the date, and fuch will within fix months after the death of the deflator, be inrolled in ope of the King’s courts of record at TVafinanfier^ or elfe within the fame county or counties wherein the manors, lands and tenements lie, by the Cufios Rotulorum and two juftices of* the peace, and the clerk of the peace of the fame county or counties, or two of them at the lead, whereof the clerk ot the peace to be one. Such deeds, 13 c. are good, if inrolled on 29 September 1731. 3 Geo. 2. c. 29. feft.6.

CAP. XIX.

An act for the King's moft gracious, general and free pinion.

CAP. XX.

An act to enlarge the time for making claims before the commifliofier* appointed to enquire of the forfeited eftatet.. EXP.

CAP. XXI.

An	aB for continuing the liberty of exporting Irilh line*

cloth to the Britifti plantations in America duty free; and for the more tffeStual discovery of and profecuting fuch as shall unlawfully export wool and woollen	from

Ireland ; and for relief of John Fletcher refpeB of the duty by him paid for a quantity of fait loft in the ex-, portation for Ireland.

3 &4 Ann. c. 8.

^^HERE AS by an aft pajfed in the third and fourth years of

the reign of her late majefiy £>ueen Anne, intituled, An act to permit the exportation of Irijb linen cloth to the plantations, and to prohibit the importation of Scots linen into Irelands it was enafted for the fupport of the protefiant interefi in Ireland, and for the encouragement of the linen manufafture of that kingdom, That it should and might be lawful to export from Ireland direftfy to the British plantations, all forts of white and brown linen cloths^ being the proper manufafture of the said kingdom, under certain re-Jlriftions and conditions in the said aft mentioned, for the term of eleven years j which aft hath been since continued for one year and to the end of this present fefiion cf parliament, by an aft pajfed in tie



r7*6-3 Anno tertio Georgii I. c.ti.	457

firjl year of the reign of his present majesty Ipng George, intituled, Continued by An act for continuing several laws tnerein mentioned relating *	1#	ltat*

to coals, hemp and flax, Irijh and Scots linen, and the aflize of *' ' 2 bread, and for giving f>ower to adjourn the quarter felfions for the county of Anglefeay for the purposes therein mentioned : and whereas it hath been found by experience, That the continuance of the said aft is and may be beneficial to both the kingdoms of Great Bri- The a ft 3 & * tain and Ireland: be it therefore enacted by the King’s moft ert-	fo

cellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords lates to the" fpiritual and temporal and commons, in parliament aff--mbled, exportation of and by the authority of the fame. That the said recited act of Into linen to the third and fourth years of Queen Anne> fo far forth as the *hc P1*"**' fame relates to the exportation of Irijh linen cloths to the Bri- continu<r^n tijh plantations, shall be and the fame is hereby continued in force fo long full force fo long as the merchants and other persons of Great asBrititolinen Britain are or shall be permitted to import into Ireland, free of be lm' all duties, fuch white and brown Britijh linen doth as is or shall {^n^duw-^ be made and manufactured in Great Britain.	free,

II.	And whereas fome doubt has arijen, whether linens imported After June 24* into this kingdom from Ireland, and not fubjeft to pay any duties up- 17*7, Irifh

on the said importation, Jhould, upon being exported again for any of l^toThTs^in6^ the Britifh plantations in America, become liable to pay a duty ad Jjom may beS~ Valorem: be it declared and enacted, That all linens made in exported to Ireland and imported from thence into this kingdom may, from the planta-and after the twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven tion.s ^thout hundred and feventeen, be (hipped off again and exported for 5uty”g any of his Majesty’s plantations in America without being liable or fubject to pay any duty whatfoever.

III.	And whereas by an aft pajfed in the fourth and fifth years in 4 Ann. c. is. the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, it was enafledy That Claufe for the where any fait or rock J'alt should be Jbipped in order for exportation relief of.

to Ireland, and tbf fame should perijh by finking of the Jhip or vejfel fordifchwg-cn which the fame should be Jbipped or laid on loardy or should be i„g his fecurU taken by the enemies, then and in fuch cafe the exporter or proprietor ty. of fuch fait or rock fait fo perijhing orlojtfioouldy upon proof made before the juflices of the peace at the general quarter fejfions of the peace to be held for the place from ivhcnce the Jame was fo exportedy of the lofs of fuch falty receive front the fejjiom a certificate that fuch proof was made before them $ and upon producing the said certificate to the officer of the place where the duty on fuch fait should have been paid or fecured to be paidy fuch fecurity should be dij'chargedy and fo much money as was aftually paid for the duty of the said falty should be repaid upqrt demandy provided fuch proof be made within fix months after fuch lofs or taking as aforefaid: and whereas John Fletcher did on or about the tenth day of November one thousand seven hundred and twelve put on board the Jhip called the Salmon of Belfaft one thousand and forty bujhels of white fait for Belfaft in Ireland, and in the find voyage the said Jhip and cargo and all the crewy except one man and a boy, were loft in a violent form, and the exporter having no notice thereof in due timey could not make proof of the lofs of the said kit vqithin the time limited by the said alt of the *	fourth



45*

Anno tertio Georgii I.	£1716.-

fourth and fifth of her late Majefiys reign: be it therefore enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That on proof made by the oath of two or more credible witnefles on or before the twenty fifth day of* December one thousand seven hundred and feventeen, as the fcid act directs, and upon producing a certificate to the officer of the place where the duty on fuch fait shall have been paid or feeured, fuch fecurity fhnll be difcharged, and fo much money*

' as was paid for the fame shall be repaid by the (aid officer without fee or reward.

After Sept. IV. And whereas by an aft made in the tenth and eleventh yeart *9,1717* °n« of the reign of his late majejly King William the Third, intituled, moiety of the An a& to prevent the exportation of wool out of the kingdoms If&edbym" Intend England into foreign parts, and for the encou-10 Sc 11 W. 3. ragement of the woollen manufactures in the kingdom of Eng* e. 10. to pre- land, one moiety of the penalties and forfeitures thereby infkfttd for vent the ex- preventing the exportation of wool and other woollen goods therein £00? to? from mntlone& out °f [aid kingdom of Ireland, other than into the Ireland, other kingdom of England or the dominion of Wales, is given to the en-than into Eng- couragement of fitting up the linen manufaftures in Ireland, to be Wa,®f* difpojed of by the court of Exchequer there for that ufe only* which OTwn t0thC dijpofition of the said moiety has been found of very little advantage to the said linen manufactures^ put has tended very much to the £f eouragement of profecutions made in purfuance of tie said aft : for the more effectually putting the said act in execution, be it therefore further cnaCtea by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the twenty ninth day of September one thousand seven hundred and feventeen the said moiety of all fuch penalties and forfeitures (after a deduction made out of the said moiety of the charges of profecution and condemnation) shall be to the ufe of his Majesty* his heirs and fucceflors.

After the said V. And for the better and more impartial trials of all fuch *oth of Sept, actions and informations which shall be commenced or profe-achons com- cuted by virtue of any act now in being made for the prevent-land^ehting- *nS un^awfu^ exportation of wool or woollen manufactures to the expor- from the kingdom of Ireland: be it enaCted by the authority a-tation of wool, forefaid, That from and after the twenty ninth day of September &c. shall be one thousand seven hundred and feventeen fuch aCtiohs and in-oftny^tVer17 f°rimti°ns shall be tried in any of his Majesty’s four courts at county than Dublin, by a jury of good and lawful freeholders to be fummon-wherethe taft ed out of any other county than that wherein the faCt shall be was commit- committed: and to encourage persons to difeover the said crime. The first three	^ ^ree P€r^ons ^ave ^een aiding, abetting or aflift-

difeoverers ex- ing in carrying out or exporting of wool or any other of the empted irom commodities as aforefaid, that shall inform thereof any of his puniihraent. Majesty’s juftices of the peace, whereby the punifhment and penalties appointed by this act may be inflicted and recovered, the party or parties fo difeoxering (not being owner or part-owners of the said wool or other commodities aforefaid) shall not fuffer any of the said penalties t>r punifhment to be infliCtaJ by this or any other aCt.	A

Am y

*7 *;•}

Anno quarto GeorGII I. c. i, 2,3.

459

jt4nnoRegni-GEORGII I. Regis Magna Britannia Fran cite,	,	.

AT the parliament begun and	at	Weftminfter,

tbe feventeentb day of March, Anno Domini tboufand	feven hundred and fourteen, in the first year	of the

reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France and Ireland, , defender of tbe faith, &c. And from thence continued by Jeverat adjournments and prorogations to the tvoenty-firft day November one tboufand seven hundred and feventeen; being the third fejjion of this present parliament.

CAP. I.

An for granting an aid to hk Majesty by a land-tax to be railed in Great-Brfiam, for tbe service of the year one tboufand seven hundred and eighteen. 3s. in the pmmd. EXP.

CAP. II.

An a6t to enable hi* Majesty to be governor of tbe South Sea company*

CAP. III.

An all for continuing tbe duties on malt, mum, cyder and perry, for tbe service of the year one tboufand seven hundred and eighteen \ and for making forth duplicates of Exchequer-bills, lottery-tickets and orders loft, burnt or deftroyed; and for appropriating the fupplies granted in this session of parHamcnt.

Vin. A ND be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Cyder or per-% JljL That it shall and may be lawful to and for any per- ry that have fon or persons who shall have actually paid his Majesty’s duties Paid thc *»-by tliis act payable for any cyder or perry made in Great Britain,	on

and to or for any other perlon or persons who shall buy or \>c fccurity not to lawfully entitled to any fuch cyder or perry, for or in refpedt be relanded, whereof the said duties to his laid Majesty hereby granted have been duly paid, to export fuch cyder and perry for any foreign parts by way of merchandize, giving fufficient fecurity before the fhipping thereof for exportation, that the particular quantity of cyder or perry which shall be intended to be exported as aforefaid, and every part thereof, shall be (hipped and exported, and that the fame or any part thereof shall not be relanded or brought again into any part or parts of Great Britain; which fccurity the cuftomer or collector of the re(pe<ftive port from whence fuch exportation is to be (without any fee or reward) is hereby directed and authorized to take in his Majesty’s name and to his Majesty’s ufe.

* Z	IX.	Pro:



paid. See. collector to give a debenture thereof.

Anno quarto Georgii I. C. 3.	£1717.*

Relanded,for-	IX. Provided always. That if after the (hipping of any foch

kind/and thc cyder or perry to be exported as aforelald, and the giving or tendring fuch fecurity as afbrefaid, in order to obtain the allowance or drawback nerein after mentioned, die cyder or perry fo (hipped to be exported, or any part thereof, (haU be relanded in any part of Great Britain, That then and in every fuch cafe over and above the penalty of the bond, which shall be levied and recovered to his Majesty’s ufe, all the cyder and perry which shall be lo relanded, or the value thereof, shall be forfeited.

thilt furt^cr ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That have been1^ ^ anY P^00 or P^fons who shall export any cyder or perry into foreign parts by way of merchandize, shall produce a certificate or certificates from the colle&or or officer who received the duty of fuch cyder or perry, that the duty impofed thereon by this a<ft hath been paid (which certificate the colle<5bor of officer is hereby required to give gratis) and making oath before the officer or collector of the port where the fame mall be £b exported, that the cyder or perry fo exported is the fame as is mentioned in fuch certificate, then the collector or chief officers of the port where fuch cyder or perry shall be exported, shall give to the exporter thereof a certificate or debenture ex-prefling the true quantity of the cyder or perry fo exported or (hipped for exportation 5 which certificate or debenture being produced to the colledor or other officer appointed to receive the said duty in the county, (hire, ftuartry or place where fuch cyder or perry was exported, he is hereby required to pay the (aid duty of four shillings per hoglhead to the persons or their agents fo exporting the lame; and in cafe the colle&or or other .	-	officer	(hall	not have any money in their hands arifing by the

to^ eexpo - kjj	on	cydcr atid perry to pay the fame, then the re-

fpe&ive commiflioners appointed for executing this a<ft are hereby required to pay the fame out of the duties arifing by the (aid a<ft; any thing in this a6t contained to the contrary not-withftanding.

XI.	And whereas divers dealers in cyder and perry, and persons re-ceiving into their cuftody great quantities of cyder and perry fenl or brought to them from di/lant or remote places, have frequently refufed to permit the officers of and for his Majeftfs duties of excife to enter and go into the cellars, Jlorehoufes and places to them belonging, or by them ufed for the laying or keeping of fuch cyder and perry, and to gauge and take accounts thereof for the afeertaimng and charging the duties on fuch cyder and perry impofed thereon by Jeveral afls hereto* fore made for continuing the duties on malt, mum, cyder and perry, tchereby his Majefiy hath been defrauded in the said duties granted by fuch afts heretofore made; and whereas upon fuch occafms fuch dial-ers in cyder and perry and fuch other persons have inftfttd> That fiub cyder and perry fpnt to or received by them ought not to be fury eyed,’ gauged or taken notice of by fuch officer or officers of exetfe, unltfs proof Be made or produced of we refpeffive times and places when and where fuch cyder and perry were bought \ and whereas, the producing

fuch

and the duty to be repaid

Goc . 2

717J	Anho quarto GieoRGn I. -c.,^.	461

ucb proof is altogether impracticable to be made by the officer for the

aid duties, efpecially in cafes and inflames where fuxh cyder and

erry have been brought from remote places: be it therefore ena&ed Dealers in cy-

nd declared by the authority aforefaid, That eveiy fuch dealer der or perry

n cyder or perry, and person or persons as aforesaid fo receiv- chargeable,

fig into hisj her or their cuftody or cuftodies fuch cyder an<^	ear

erry, or either of them, shall be chargeable and hereby is, are thecydcr,

nd shall be charged with the duties upon cyder and perry by &c. was made

his adt granted and impofed, unlefs they refpedtively do and°f fruit of

hall make it appear, cither that fuch cyder and perry was made1^wt^or

if and from fruit of his, her or their own growth, and not of fhat^0

>r from bought fruit, or that the duties on cyder and perry duty has bten

lereby granted were and have been duly charged or duly paid paid,

or or in refpedt of fuch cyder and perry j and if any fuch dealer

•r dealers in cyder and perry or in either of them, or fuch per-

on or persons as aforefaid, upon due requeft or demand made

>y any officer or officers of excife in the day-time, shall refufe refufi	a{J-

0 permit or shall not permit fuch officer or officers to enter and mittance to

;o into all and every fuch cellars, ftorehoufes or other place or officers for-

»laces belonging taor ufed by fuch dealer or dealers, -perfon or*cits 10

lerfons as aforefaid, and by gauging or otherwise to take ac-

ount and accounts of all cyder and perry, or of either of them,

rorti time to time there found, every fuch dealer and dealers in

yder and perry or either of them, and every fuch person or

>erfons as aforefaid, shall for every fuch offence forfeit and lofe

he fum of twenty pounds.

XII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, pines> &c# That all fines, penalties and forfeitures by this a<fl impofed howto be fued hall be* fued for, levied, recovered or mitigated by fuch ways, f°r- &c-neans and methods, as any fine, penalty or forfeiture Is or may >e recovered or mitigated by any law or .laws of excife, or by tfionof debt, bill, plaint or information in any of his Ma-efty’s courts of record at Wejlminfler, or in the court of feflion, ourt of judiciary or court of Exchequer in Scotland refpec-ively; and that one moiety of every fuch fine, penalty and for-eiture shall be to his Majesty, his neirs and fucceffors, and the ither moiety to him or them that shall difeover, inform or fue □r the fame.

"taufe for making forth duplicates of Exchequer-bills, lottery-tickets nd orders lplt, burnt or deftroyed. EXP.

XIV.	And be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That all Appropra-he monies lent and to be lent to his'Majesty upon one a<5t of tion of the his feflion of parliament, intituled. An aCl for granting an aid money enjnt-0 his Alajefiy by a land-tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the ^ ervice of the year one thousand jeven hundred and eighteen ; and fo ^ nuch money (if any fuch be) of the tax thereby granted as shall irife and remain after all the loans made or to be made on that & and the interest thereof, and the charges thereby allowable or raifing the said tax, shall be fatisfied, or money fuflnient hall be referved to difeharge the fame j and all the monies Icn^

Vol. XIII.	H h	and"

Anno quarco Georgii I. c. j. £1717.

and to be lent to his Majesty upon this present a&, except to much thereof as is to be applied to the fatisfa&ion of the principal and interest off the unfatisfied loans upon the said former a&. for the duties/on malt, mum, cyder and perry; and fo much of the duties on malt, mum, cyder and perry by this ad granted or continued, as shall arife and remain (if any fuch be) after all the loans made and to be made on this adt, or hereby direded to be difeharged, and the interest thereof, and the charges by this ad allowable for railing the fame duties, shall be fatisfied, or monies fufficient shall be referved to difeharge the fame, shall be appropriated and applied and are hereby appropriated for or towards the several ufes, intents and purposes herein exprefled, fubjed neverthelefs to fuch reftridions as are herein after preferibed ; that is to fay, it is hereby enaded and declared. That out of all or any the aids or fuppiies provided as aforefaid, there shall and may be iflued or applied any fum or fums of money, not exceeding in the whole the sum of seven hundred forty-four thousand eight hundred fifty-feven pounds fourteen shillings and eleven pence, for or towards the naval services following ; that is to fay, For or towards defraying the charges of the ordinary of his Majesty’s navy, and for half-pay to Tea-officers, and for or towards victual, wages, wear and tear of the navy and victualling thereof, performed and to be performed ; and for or towards fes-fervice in the office of ordnance performed and to be performed, and other services of the navy performed and to be performed j and any further fum or fums of money, not exceeding one hundred fixty-five thousand three hundred and* feventeen pounds, for or towards repairs of his Majesty's navy performed and to be performed; and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding feventy-three thousand three hundred twenty-feven pounds twelve millings and eleven pence, for the charge of the office of ordnance, for pr towards land-fervices performed and to be performed; and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding in the whole the sum of nine hundred and nineteen thousand (even hundred thirty-one pounds fourteen shillings and eight pence half-penny, for or towards maintaining his Majesty’s land-forces and other services herein after exprefled ; that is to fay, any fum not exceeding fix hundred and fifty thousand pounds, for defraying the charge of fixteen thousand three hundred forty-feven men for guards and garrifons, and other his Majesty's land-forces irt Great Britain, %rfey and Guernsey, and other services relating to the forces for the year one thousand seven hundred and eighteen \ and any fum not exceeding thirty-five thousand (even hundred fixty-fix pounds and five shillings, for or towards maintaining his Majesty’s forces and garrifons in the plantations in America for the year one thousand seven hundred and eighteen; and any fum not exceeding one thousand five hundred fifty-eight pounds feventeen shillings and one penny, for provisions for the garrifons at Placentia and Annapolis for the year one thou-fend seven hundred and eighteen; and any fum not 'exceeding 2	t	wo

4^3

1717.}	Anno quarto GeoRGII f. c. 3.

two thousand eight hundred fifty-eight pounds thirteen (Billing* and ten pence, for ordnance (lores and provisions for the independent company in the islands of Bahama and Providence in the year one thousand seven hundred and eighteen ; and any futti not exceeding fifty-feven thousand fix hundred thirteen pounds fourteen shillings and (even pence, for maintaining his Ma-jefty’s forces and garrifons in Minorca for the year one thousand (even hundred and eighteen; and any fum not exceeding thirty-nine thousand three hundred eighty-two pounds fourteen shillings and nine pence half-penny, for or towards maintaining his Majesty’s forces and garrifons in Gibraltar for the year one thousand (even hundred and eighteen \ and any fum not exceeding thirteen thousand five hundred fifty-one pounds nine shillings and five pence, fot provisions for his Majesty’s garrifon in Gz-braltar for the year one thousand seven hundred and eighteen; and any fum not exceeding twenty-five thousand pounds, for the extraordinary charge of the royal hofpital at Chelfea and the out-penfioners tor the year one thousand seven hundred and eighteen, over and above the poundage and days pay ; and any fum or fums not exceeding ninety-four thousand pounds upon account of half-pay, for the year one thousand seven hundred and eighteen, to be paid to the reduced officers of his Majesty's land-forces and marines, fubje<5t neverthelefs to fuch rules to be obferved in the application of the said half-pay, as are herein after preferibed in that behalf.

XV.	And it is hereby enabled, That out of all or any the 581,196!. Ss* aids or fupplies provided as aforesaid there shall and may be issued and applied any fum not exceeding five hundred eighty- theyev'ijij* one thousand one hundred ninety-fix pounds eight (hiliings, to make good the deficiencies of the grants in parliament for the year one thousand feveh hundred and feventeen; and any fum	8s-

not exceeding twenty-nine thousand fix hundred forty-five £hc ^eafiirei-pounds eight shillings and nine pence farthing, for or towards 0* the navy j enabling the treasurer of the navy to make good the payments which in the half year, to end on the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand (even hundred and eighteen (if any) may be demanded of him purfuant to any former a<ft or a6ls of parliament for completing the funds of fix hundred and eight thou-land pounds per annum* payable to the South-Sea company; and that the said aids or fupplies provided as aforesaid shall not be iffued or applied to any ufe, intent or purpofe whatfoever, other than towards the ufes and purposes aforementioned.

XVI.	Provided always, and it is hereby enabled and declared, That no appropriation or other matter or thing in this a£l contained shall obftnuft or hinder any payment or payments which by and in purfuance of an adl made in the first year of

his Majesty’s reign, intituled. An act for enlarging the capital Provifo f<?r foci and yearly fund of /^South-Sea company, and for fupptying\ thereby eight hundred twenty-two thousand and thirty-two pounds, Geo.i. c.ai. four /hillings and eight pence to publick ufes; and for raiftng one hundred fxty-nine thousand pounds for the like ufes, by fate of annuities*

H h 2	ufw

of the army accounts and equivalent.

464	Anno	quarto	Georgii	I.	C.j.	£*7*7*

upon divers encouragements therein mentioned* and for appropriating several fuppttes granted to his Majeflj, are or lnall be, required and authorized to be made by the treasurer or pay-mauer of the navy for the time being, or by any other perifons to be intruded with the publick monies for the service of the navy, out of fuch publick monies, tallies, orders or parliamentary fccu-rities in their hands or power refpefttvely, as are or shall tnereby be charged or chargeable to make good any deficiency or deficiencies to be incurred on or before the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighteen to the governor and company of merchants of Great Britain trading to the South-Seas and other parts of America and for encouraging the fidioy, or to their treasurer for their ufe; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

And for the XVII. Provided aUo, That fuch fums as by or in purfuance c~££ri any other aft of parliament are or shall be due or payable to ~	~	any	commiffioners for taking, examining, dating and deter-

mining the debts due to the army, or to any comdiiffioners for dating the debts due and to grow due to Scotland by .way of equivalent, for their falaries, or for their clerks or other incident charges, shall or may be paid out of the aids or fupplies aforefaid, or any of them; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XVIII.	And as to the said fum not exceeding ninety-four thousand pounds by this aft appropriated upon account of halfpay as aforefaid, it is hereby enafted and declared by the authority aforefaid. That the rules herein after preferibed shall be duly obferved in the application thereof $ that is to fay,

1.	That no person shall have or receive any part of the fame, who was a minor under the age of fixteen years at the time when the regiment, troop or company in which he ferved was reduced.

2.	That no person shall have or receive any part of the fame, except fuch persons who did aftual service in fome regiment, troop or company.

3.	That no person having any other place or employment of profit, civil or military, under his Majedy, shall have or receive any part of the said half-pay.

4.	That no chaplain of any garrifon or regiment, who has any ecclefiaftical benefice dr other preferment in Great Brink or Ireland^ shall have or receive any part of the said half-pay.

5.	That no person (halfhave or receive any part of the (ame» who hath refigned his commiflion, and has had no commit fion fince.

6.	That no part of the fame shall be allowed to any person by virtue of any warrant or appointment, except to fuch persons who would have been otherwise entitled to the fame as reduced officers.

7.	And that no part of the fame shall be allowed to any of the officers of the five regiments of dragoons and eight regi-

mcn£

Rules to be obferved in the application of the half-pay.

(^.ooQie

i 717.3	Anno tertio Georgii I. c. 4,5,6.	465

mcnts of foot lately diibanded in Inland; except to fuch as

were taken off the eftablidunent of half-pay in Great Britain.

CAP. IV.

An act for piuu/hin? mutiny and defertion, and for tbe better payment of toe army and their quarters. EXP.

CAP. V.

An act for finishing the tower of the parish church of St. Michael Corn-hill, London* out of the duties arifing purfuant to the aft of the ninth year of the late Queen, for building fatty new churches in and about tbe cities of London and Wcftminfter and the fuburbs thereof.

The tower of St. Michael ComhiU shall be finilhed according to the model by which it is begun* For which purposes the comiqiflioners {ball iffue 6ix6l. is. 5d. out of the duty granted by the aft of 9 Ann. c. i».

CAP. VI.

An a£l for relief of the wbolefalc traders and dealers in EnglUli bone-lace, by obviating several doubts in tbe fe~ veral alts for licenftng hawkers and pedlars a

WHEREAS by an aft of parliament held in the eighth andg & w ninth years of tbe reign of his late majejly King William the ^	?

Tbirdy intituled, An act for licenfing hawkers and pedlars, for a provision of payment of the interest of the tranfport debt for the reducing of Ireland, it was enafted, That from and after the four and twentieth day of June one tboufand fix hundred and ninety-feveny until the five and twentieth day of June which should be in the year of our Lord one thousand fix hundred and ninety-eighty there should be anfwtred and paid to bis Majejly, his heirs and fucceffors, by every hawkery pedlar and petty chapman, or any other trading person or persons going from town to town, or to other mens houfeSy ana travelling either on foot or with horfey horfes or otherwise within tbe kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, (except as therein after is excepted) carrying to fell or fxpofing to fide any goodsx warts or merchandizeSy a duty of four pound fy and that every person fo travelling with horfey afs or mule, * or other beajI bearing or drawing burden, should pay the sum of four pounds from the said four and twentieth day of June one thousand fix hundred and mnety-Jeven to the five and twentieth day of June one thousand fix hundred and ninety-eight for each horjty afs or mule, or other beajl bearing or drawing burden, he or Jhe should fo travel withy over and above the said firfi-mentioned duty of four pounds j and should have or take fucb licence as by the said aft is direfted: and whereas it was therein further enafted, That if any fuch hawkery pedlar or petty chapman, from and after the said four and twentieth day of June one thousand fix hundred and. ninety-feven, should be found trading as aforesaid without or contrary to fuch licence9 fuch person should for each and every fucb offence forfeit the sum of twelve pounds, the one moiety thereof to the informer, and the other moiety thereof to the poor of the parifi) wherein fuch offender should be difeo-Mrfd: and whereas the powers and provifims of the said aft have

«h3	been,

466	Anno	quarto	GeoRchi	I.	C.y*	f*7*7*

9 & 10 W. 3* -Jfw/ fy another aft made in the ninth and tenth years tf his food c*27*	Majejly,	and by other fubjequent aft*, continued to this time r W

whereas several of the makers and traders in Engiilh bom-laea, mho trade by wholefale, and employ many thoufonds of poor people m tie said manufafture of bone-lace, have been lately informed agahofi, profecuted and mohjted in the carrying on their trades, sender pretence that they ought to take and have licencer according to the directions and provisions of the aft before-mentioned, or of feme other ofts touching hawkers and pedlars: be it enacted and declared by th« King’s No "1J*cr or rtwft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content of derin eVrWH*on*s *P*r'tual an° temporal and commons, in this present bondace (hail parliament aflembled, and by the amhority of the feme, That be deemed a no perfon, being a maker or wholefele trader in En$b/b bone* hawker, &c. ]acc and felling the fame by wholefele, shall be adjudged, deemed or taken to be a hawker, pedlar or petty chapman within the intent and meaning of the said a As, .or of any or either of them; and that all and every fuch person or perfbns, his, her or their children, apprentices, fervants or agents (felling by wholefale only) shall and may go from houfe to haufe, And from (hop to mop, to any of their cuftomer? (who fell again by wholefale or retail) without being fabjedt or liable to any of the penalties or forfeitures contained in any of the laid 36U touching hawkers, pedlars and petty chapmen; any thing in the foid a<fts contained to the contrary thereof in any wife hotwithftanding.

CAP. VII.

yfn aft for making effectual an aft made in the eighth near of the reign of the late Queen Anne, intituled, An aft ror employing the manufafturers,by encouraging theconfump-tion of raw filk and mohair yam.

% Ann. c. 6,

WHE REAS by an aft made in the eighth year of therein of her late majejly Queen Anne, intituled. An oA Mr employing the manufa&urers^by encouraging the conftjmptfon cSfraw (ilk and mohair yarn, the said aft having proved ineffectual to prevent the mifehiefs intended to be remedied by the said aft: fbr remedy Whereof, and making the said recited aS of parliament motee£ fedlual, be it enaAed by the King’s mod excellent ntyefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, ip this present parliament aflfemWed, and After March die authority of the fame. That from and afro* the twenty-a5, #718. no flfth day of March one thoufaftd seven hundred and eighteen, Wylor, &c. no taylor, or other person or perfbns whatfoever, within the fhallmake,fel1, kingdom of Great Britain, shall make, fell, fet on, ufctwr bind, snw^ttons or cau^c to ** made, fold, fet on, ufed or tonnd, on any or button- clothes or wearing garments whatfoever, any buttons orbat-botes made of ton-holes made or^ or ufed or bound with cloth, ferge, drug-cloth, ferge, frize, camblet, or any ftufft that clothes or wearing gar-cioth« 'ments are ufually made of, upon the Forfeiture of the sum of fn-ver, on pc- forty shillings for evfery dozen of fuch buttons and buttoruboles unity of 40s. fo made, fold, fet on, ufed or bound, pr (lull caufe to be made,

(bid,

1717*3	Anno quarto-GeoROU I. c.7.	467

' fold, fet on, ufed or bound, as aforefaid, or in proportion for any per dozen, lcflcr quantity, every person or persons fo offending, and being 7 G*>* *• thereof lawfully convi&ed upon the oath of one or more credi- J-a,‘ ble witnefs or witnefles, shall forfeit, as aforefaid, to be recover-ed and diftributed as is afterwards provided for by this ad. ivtartr.

II.	Provided, That nothing in this ad contained, shall ex- Not to extend tend or be conftrued to extend to any clothes or wearing gar- t0 clothes ments made of velvet.	made of velvet.

HI. And be it enaAed by the authority aforefaid, That any Perfons dwell-perfon or persons inhabiting or being in any gaol or houfe of cor-redtion, or within the rules or liberties of any gaol or houfe of ^nftrhia11^ correction, or shall inhabit or dwell in any privileged place, or shall be within the liberties of the fame, committing any offence or of- fubjeA to the fences againft this a A, he, (he or they fo offending, as aforefaid, penalties, and being lawfully conviAed of the fame, as is before direAed by this aCt, he, (he or they shall be fubjeA to the forfeitures and penalties as in this aA mentioned; any law, ftatute, cuftom or thing to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

IV.	And be it enaAed by the authority aforefaid. That all Profecutionin offences committed againft this aA, shall be profecuted within three months, three months after the fame is committed or difeovered.

V.	And be it enaAed by the authority aforefaid. That all offences to be offences againft this aA shall be heard and determined by one determined by or more of his Majesty’s justice or juftices of the peace of the juftices of county, city, town or place where the fame shall be difeovered, Pcacc*

or where fuch offender doth inhabit, fuch justice or juftices being not concerned in the matter of the said complaint, upon the oath of one pr more credible witnefs or witnefles, which oath | fuch justice or juftices is and are hereby impowered and required to admsnifter; and all and every the said penalties and forfeitures which shall happen by virtue of this aA shall be diftri-buted and paid, after the charges of fuch conviAion being first dedu&ed; one moiety to him or them who shall inform or pro- One half of fecute for the fame, the other moiety to the poor of the parifh, Se Sfort2er° townfhip or place where the offence shall be difeovered j and in the other to * cafe any offender shall negleAor refufe to pay any fuch penalties the poor, and forfeiture$,being lawfully demanded,by the (pace of fourteen days next after conviAion tor fuch offence, as aforefaid, that then fiich justice or juftices is and are hereby required to iffue out one or more warrant or warrants under his or their hands Tobeletied and feals to the constable or conftables of the parifti, town or by diftrefs, if place where fuch offender doth inhabit, or can be fqund, to levy not paid in 14 the fame by diftrefs and fale of the offender’s goods, rendring days after the overplus (if any be) to the owner; and where no fufficient diftrefs can be found, to commit the offender or offenders to the	Qf_

common gaol for the county, city, town or place where fuch tenders* to be offender shall be found, there to be kept to hard labour for and committed for during the (pace of three calendar months.	thrcc month,“

VI.	Provided, That if any perfbn or persons find him or Perfons ag-themfelves aggrieved by any order or warrant made by any iu- fp^l to**^ flic* or juftices of the peace, upon any fuch conviAion before qu5rtcr.fefli-

H h 4	bimons.

On oath of one witnefs.

Anno quarto Georgu I. Q. 8,

r*7i7*

and shall re. cover treble cofts#

Such clothes

him or them, as aforefaid, fuch person or persons may appeal to the general quarter-feflions to be holden ror the county, riding, city or corporation where fuch convidion shall be made, . f . giving fufficient notice of fuch appeal; and the determination of mi nation shall juftices in fuch feflions shall be final; and the said juftices be final; and shall allow fuch cofts and charges to the party aggrieved as they may allow shall think reafohable, to be levied and paid in fuch manner as coi“#	is ufual in other cafes of appeals from the orders of any juftices

of the peace to the quarter-feflions.

Perfons fued VII. And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That if may plead the any adion or fuit shall hereafter be commenced or profecuted againft any person or persons fo fued or profecuted, fuch person or persons may plead the general iflue, and give this ad and the fpecial matter in evidence; and if the plaintiff shall become nonfuited, or forbear further profecution, or fuffer difeontinu-ance, or a verdid pafs againft him, or judgment upon demurrer, the defendant or defendants shall recover his or their treble cofts, for which he and they shall have like remedy, as in cafes where cofts by law are given to defendants.

VIII,	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That all expoied to Tale clothes or wearing garments, which shall be made with buttons may be fcized. an(j button-holes of the fame cloth, ferge, drugget, frize,

camblet or other fluffs, of which the said clothes or wearing garments are made, and shall be expofed to fate in any fair or market, or in any (hop or warehoufe, or in any dwelling-houfe or place whatfoever, the fame (hail be fubjed and liable to be , forfeited and feifed, and applied to the ufes in this ad mentioned, to be recovered as other forfeitures and penalties are by this ad to be recovered,

IX.	And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That if any taylor, or other person or persons, shall caufe his or their apprentice or fervants to make any clothes or wearing garments contrary to this ad, that in fuch cafes the said mafter-taylor, or fuch other person or persons which caufed the said clothes or wearing garments to be fo made, or shall be any ways entitled to the monies for making the said clothes or wearing garments, made as aforefaid, shall be fubjed to the forfeitures and penalties in this ad mentioned, to be had and recovered, as other forfeitures and penalties are to be recovered by this ad; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding: and this ad shall be taken and allowed to be a publick ad in all courts .within this kingdom, and all judges and juftices of the peace are hereby required to take notice thereof as fuch, without fpecial pleading the fame.

CAP. VIII.

An act for veiling the forfeited estates in Great Britain and Ireland in truftees, to be Told fortheufe of the publick; and for giving relief t«r lawful creditor?, by determining the claims; and for the more etfe&ual bringing into the refpeftive Exchequers the rents and profits of the (aid ettates till fold. EXP.	'

All honours, lojdfhips, manors, fire, by 1 Geo. i. (hjt. *. c. 50. veiled 19 iVJajdly, for the life of the publick, (ball be veiled in the ccmuuifiion-

m,

Taylors, &c. caufing their apprentices, &c. to make Clothes contrary to this aft, shall be fubjeft toihe penalties.

To be taken as , a publift aft.



4%

1717*1 Anno quarto Georoii I. C.8,1

ers, Sec. To be fold for tbe ufe of the publick. Commiflioners to proceed in a furamary way, and to determine every claim before them by 25 March 1719. Commiflioners a court of record 1 their determinations final, except appeal within 20 days. Appellants mult present their exceptions to the coramifltoners, to be entred in books, and a tranfeript tranunitted to the court of delegates. His Majesty may appoint any five of the judges jtQ be a court of delegates. Claims on real eltates determined to be juft i commiflioners are to order the fheriffs to caufe pofleflion to be delivered to the claimants. After 15 March 1718. commiflioners may teH the forfeited estates vetted in them. Purchasers to be proteftants, Sale to be by auction. Purchafe-money to be paid into the Exchequer. Com-{Honors tp execute an indenture of bargain and fale, to be inrollcd in chancery, ScC. Purchafers to hold the fame for fuch estates and interefts, as shall be conveyed of them, freed from all arrears of quit rent, &c. Crown lands in the hands of attainted persons, shall remam in the po£» feflion of the crown, &c. Explained by 5 Geo. 1. c. 22. fe&. 12. Commiflioners may fummon (equeftrators, who retain any part of the forfeited estates. See. and in a fummary way may enquire by witnefles. See. and fettle the fnms payable by them on account of their intromiflions, &c. In * cafe of refufal may certify into the Exchequer. Tenants of attainted persons who have paid their rents to them before their attainders, and other accountants, difeharged. Time for discovery enlarged till 15 March 1719. Creditors tQ be paid their claims in the first place. All monies received by grantees from his Majesty, shall be taken as fo much received by fuch claimants in discharge of the estate fo claimed, &c. His Majesty before 1 Aug. 1718. may make pjroviflon for wives of forfeiting perfons. All convictions. See. unce 24. June 1715. and before 1 June 1716. not reverf-ed, Scc. before 24 June 1718. effectual. Each edmmiflioner shall have toool. per annum. Salaries for clerks and incident charges shall be paid by the Exchequer, tax-free.

XXXII. PrQvided always, and it is hereby ena&ed, That ao>00ol.ap-of the nett monies, which (hajl arife by fale of the said estates propriatedfor and interefts, or by the rent and profits thereof till fale, after ene&ing allowance and fatisfadion of all juft and lawful claims thereup-on, and after payment of fuch fums as by any clause or claijfes ScotlandSOt in this or the said former a<ft are authorized to be iflued out for th&falaries of the said commiflioners and truftees, or for incident charges, or for rewards to difeoverers, or any other clause touching which any fpecial provision is made by this or the said former ad, all the charges of profeeution relating to the said forfeited estates being difeharged or re-imburfed, a fum not exceeding twenty thousand pounds shall be appropriated and applied towards tne making a capital ftock for a yearly interest or in-' come out of the monies which ftiall arife by the fale of the said estates which lie in Scotland, and not otherwife, towards crofting and maintaining fchools in the highlands of Scotland, according to fuch ways and methods, and ip fuch manner, as by any fur ture ad or ads of parliament to be made and pafled for that purpole, lhall be direded and appointed; and all and every the and the re-other monies which lhall arife by the said fale, and rents and mainder for profits aforefaid, are and shall be appropriated and applied to- duChar?j:n£ Wards the difeharge of the publick debts of the nation.	debts.** C*

Provifo for the claimants on an annuity of 5000I. per annum in Ireland, granted to the late duke of Ormond. Former grants by his Majesty, good, provifo for Simon lord Lovat. Provifo tor Amelia lady Lovat. Houfes, See. burnt in Scotland or Prefton (ball be made good. Provifo for the fhildren of John Balfour, Jienry Balfour, John Caittfirs, Patrick Seaton, '	suui



r

47®

jGto. i.c,

^Geo.i.c.

Anncr quarto Gborgii I. C.9,10.	£1717.

and Robert Rollo. Time enlarged for entriag claims to s June 171! Children of forfeiting periods, to whom grants are made, Gull be educate ed in the preteftant religion.

CAP. IX,

An eft to appoint commiflioners to take, examine, (bite and determine the debts due to the army; and to examine and ftate the demands of several foreign princes and dates for fubfidies during the late war. EXP.

CAP. X.

/in aft for making the dividend of fubferibed lottery~anmd~ ties, and other annuities eftablijhed by several afts of par-liament payable half-yearly at the bank of England.

WHEREAS in and by an aft of parliament made and pqffii in the third year of his present Majefiys reign, intituled, An act for redeeming the duties and revenues which were fettled to pay off principal and interest on the orders made forth on four lottery-afts parted in the ninth and tenth years of her late Ma-jefty’s reign; and for redeeming certain annuities payable on orders out of the hereditary excite, according to a former aft in that behalf; and for eftabliftiing a general yearly fond, not only for the future payment of annuities, at several rates, to be payable and transferable at the bank of England, and redeemable by

Sliament ; but alfo to raise monies For fuch proprietors of the orders, as shall choose to be paid their principal and arrears of interest in ready money; and for making good fuch other deficiencies and payments as in this aft are mentioned; and for taking off* the duties on linfeed imported, and Britijb linen exported, it is amongfl other things enafted, That all the annuities at fevered rates charged upon and payable out of the monies of the general fund of /even hundred twenty four thousand eight hundred forty nm pounds fix /hillings and ten pence and one fifth part of a penny per annum, by the said aft efiablijbed or intended to be ejtabSJbed\ JSmd he paid and payable by quarterly payments, at the four mqft ufial feajis in the year (that is to fay) the feqfis of the birth tsf our Lord Cnrifi, the annunciation of the Ele/fed virgin Mary, the nativity of St. John the Baptift, and St. Michael the Archangel, by even and equal portions, or within fix days after every of the said feafi^days for ever, or until redemption or redemptions thereof /ball be made, according to the provifoes contained in the find aft : and whereas the proprietors in the said several annuities made payable by the said aft, do confifl of many thousand perfons\ and it is found by experience, That the adjusting ana fating the accounts of the find proprietors, in order to the making a dividend every quarter of a year, as the find oft direfts, doth take up fo much time, that the transfer-kooks mufi of nece/ftty be kept /hut up for a long while together, to the great inconvenience and detriment of the said proprietors: for remedy hereof for the future, be it enafted, (etc.

. Redeemed 5 Geo. x. c. «. feft. t. After Chriftmas 1717. the annuities made payable by the recited aft, shall be paid out of the general fund by that aft ©ftablimed, by half yearly payments.

II. And whereas in and by an aft of parliament made and pqffiei 70 in the said third year of his Mtyfiy's reign, intituled. An $ft to

enable

47*

*7*7-3 Anno quarto Georoii I. C* ixJ

enable his Majesty to appoint commiffioncr s to take, examine, date and determine the debts due to the army, the commijfioners appointed by his Majefiy in purfuance thereof, or any four or more of them, were and are authorized to take, Jdate and determine futb accounts, claims and demands, as are therein mentioned, and after fucb determinations rejpeftively, to certify the fame to the refptftive fay-mafiers therein mentioned, and to whom the fame were or are rejpeft* ively due; and the said paymafter or paymajlers refpeftively were and are thereby directed and required to make out debentures to the officers, engineers, gunners and other persons to whom the monies fo certified to be due Jbould refpeftively belong, in the manner andform by that aft preferibed: and it was thereby enafted. That the Jaid debentures should carry an interefi after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, to commence from the twenty fourth day of June one thou-fand seven hundred' and feventeen, ana to be paid and payable quarterly, according to fame other aft or a fts of that session of parliament in that behalf: and whereas it is conceived, that the said interefi after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, due and to grow due upon the debentures made forth, or to be made forth by virtue of the Jaid former aft, or any other aft or a fts of parliament in that behalf, may with more eafe to the proprietors thereof, be fatisfied balfc yearly, as annuities after the fame rate, by the cajhier for the time being of the governor and company of the bank of England; and that the payments thereof •may be accounted for in the manner and form by this and the faiafirjl aft above-recited preferibed, for, touching or concerning the Jeveral annuities thereby made payable by fuels cajhier : be it therefore further enadked, &c.

So nrueh of the said general fund as shall be fuffieient to anfoer the inter-eft on the debentures made out by virtue of the aft * Geo. i. c. 7. (hell be iftued half-yearly to the calhier of the bank, who shall apply the fame accordingly 1 accountant general of the bank to infpeft the payments.

Paymafter* to certify to the said calhier and accountant what debentures / have been made forth j who shall enter the fame in books, and give certificates grads to the proprietors, who after June 24, 1717* shall be inti-tled to the said interest at 4). per centum. Annuities to be personal estates and be deemed capital ftock, and transferable or devifeable. So much of the general fund as will fatisfy the said annuities, /hall be ilTued half-yearly to the calhier of the bank. * Annuities fubjeft to redemption. Redeemed 5 Geo. c. 3.	*

CAP. XI.

An act for the further preventing robbery, burglary, and other felonies, and for the more effectual tranfportations of felons, and unlawful exporters of wool*, and fir declaring the laps Upon fome points relating to pirates.

WHEREAS it is found by experience. That the ptmijhments <ftis aft is in-inflifted by the laws now in force againfi the offences of rob- farad, bery, larceny and other felonious taking and fiealing of money and*G*0. i.c. 13* goods, have not proved effeftual to deter wicked and evil-difpofed persons from being guilty of the said crimes: and whereas many offenders to whom royal mercy hath been extended, upon condition of tranfporting tbemfelyes to the Weft-Indies, have often ncgleftej to perform the

47*

furious who

crs of ftoien goods.

Anno quarto Georoii I. c.ii; £1717.

said condition, hut returned to their former wickednefs, and been as lajl for new crimes brought to a Jhameful and ignominious death : and whereas in many of his Majesty’s colonies and plantations in America, there is great want of fervants, who by their labour and indujhry might be the means of improving and making the said colonies and plantations more ufeful to this nation: be it enacted by the King's moft ex^ cellent majefty, by and with the advice and confeat of the lords fpiritual and temporal and the commons, in this present parliament affembled, and by the authority of the feme. That ^forethcToth where any person or persons have been convifted of any offence of Jan. 1717, within the benefit of clergy, before the twentieth day or 7anuary haVC*A h1 f one t*lou^an(* ^evcn hundred and feventeen, and are liable to be offenceswith- w^ipt or burnt in the hand, or have been ordered to any work-* in the benefit houfe,and who shall be therein on the said twentieth day of fa* of clergy; and nuary\ as alfo where any person or persons shall be hereafter con-1 h	graud or petit larceny, or any felonious stealing or taking

money or goods and chattels, either from the perfon, or the 9 houfe of any other, or in any other manner, and who by the law shall be entitled to the benefit of clergy, and liable only to the except receiv- penalties of burning in the hand or whipping, (except persons ers and buy- convkfted for receiving or buying ftoien goods, knowing them to be ftoien) it shall and may be lawful for the court before whom they were convidied, or any court held at the fame place with the like authority, if they think fit, inftead of ordering any fuch offenders to be burnt in the hand or whipt, to order and direct, That fuch offenders, as alfo fuch offenders in any work-toaUbefent tohoufe, as aforefaid, shall be tent as foon as conveniently may -*he plantati- be, to feme of his Majesty's colonies and plantations in America years* 7 f°r t*ie *Pacc of seven years; and that court before whom they The court be-were convifted, or any fubfequent court held at the fame (dace, fore whom with like authority as the former, shall have power to convey, convifted to transfer and make over fuch offenders, by order of court, to the ufe of any person or persons who shall contract for the performance of fuch tranfportation, to him or them, and bis and their afligns, for fuch term of seven years', and where any per-fons have been *fconvi#ed, or do now (land attainted of any of-whfch they arc ^enccs whatfoever, for which death by law ought to be mflided, excluded the or where any offenders shall hereafter be convi&ed of any crimes whatfoever, for which they are by law to be excluded the benefit of clergy, and his* Majesty, his heirs or fucceflbrs, shall be graciouily pleafed to extend royal mercy to any fuch offenders, upon the condition of tranfportapop to any part of America, and fuch intention of mercy be figpified by one of his Majesty’s principal fecretatfes of ftate, it shall and may be lawful to and for any court having proper authority, to aiJow fuch offenders the benefit qf a pardon under the great feal, and to order and direct the like transfer and conveyance to any person and alfo recei-or persons, (who wilj contra# for the performance of fuch ers oHtolen^” transportation) and to his and their afligns, of any fuch befbre-goods may'be mentioned offenders, as alfo of any person or persons convi#ed tranfported of receiving o* buying ftoien goods, knowing them to be ftoien, for years; for tjle tenn fourteen	ip	ftjQh	condition	of	trank

	***

contract: for their transportation. Perfons convicted of offences, for which they excluded the benefit of clergy.

Anno quarto Georgii I. c. n.	473

portation be general, or elfe for fuch other term or tqrnis ad shall ^	_

l>e made part of fuch condition, if any particular time be fpe- fon8 contratt-cified by his Majesty, his heirs and fucceltors, as aforefaid; and ing for their fuch person or persons fo contracting, as aforefaid, his of their tranf^rtati-afligns, by virtue of fuch order of transfer, as aforefaid, shall have ° a property and interest in the service of fuch offenders for fuch their kmce. terms of years.

II.	And be it further ena&ed by fhe authority aforefaid.

That if any offender or offenders, ,fo ordered .by any fuch court

to be traniported for any term of seven years or fourteen years* of the*

or other time or times, as aforefaid, shall return into any part of term, shall be

Great Britain or Ireland before the end of his or their said punifced with

term* he or (he fo returning, as aforefaid, shall be liable

to be puniihed as any person attainted of felony without pa^n

the benefit of clergyj and execution may and mall be a- fUCh tranfpor-

warded againft fuch offender or offenders accordinglypro- tation, the of*.

vided neverthelefs. That his Majesty, his heirs and fuccef. jjjndtr PaX,ng

,lors, may pardon and dipenfe with any fuch tranfportation, and

allow of the return of any fuch offender or offenders from Arne* jnftices (hall

rica9 he or they paying their owner or proprietor, at the time of adjudge.

fuch pardon, difpenfation or allowance, fuch fum of money as

lhall be adjudged reafonable by any two juftices of the peace Service of the

refiding within the province where fuch owner dwells; and term (hallhave

where any fuch offenders shall be tranfported, and shall bave*k^£^ofa

ferved their refpeCtive terms, according to the order of any fuch Paraoa#

court, as aforefaid, fuch services shall have the effect of a pardon

to all intents and purpofes, as for that crime or crimes for which

they were fo tranfported, and shall have fo ferved, as aforefaid. contractors to

III.	And be it further epaded by the authority aforefaid, give fecurity That every fuch person or persons to whom any fuch court shall tor the tranf-order any fuch offenders to be transferred or conveyed, as afore-

laid, before any of them shall be delivered over to fuch perfonluc 9 n ers*

or persons, or his or their afligns, to be tranfported, as aforefaid,

he or they shall contract and agree with fuch person or perfons

as shall be ordered and appointed by fuch court, as aforefaid,

and give fufficient fecurity to the fatisfadtion of fuch court, that

he or they will tranfport, or caufe to be tranfported effectually

fuch offenders fo conveyed to him or them, as aforefaid, to

Tome of his Majesty’s colonies and plantations in America, as and procure .

(hall be ordered by the said court, and procure an authentick certificate*

certificate from the governor, or the chief cuftom-houfe officer Pernor

of the place (which certificate they are hereby required to give cin r>

forthwith, without fee or reward, as foon as conveniently may

be) of the landing of fuch offenders fo transferred, as aforefaid,

in that place whereto they shall be ordered, (death and cafualties wh*rc landed*

of the fea excepted) and that none of the said offenders shall be ^^11

fuffered to return from the said place to any part of Great Britain fuffered to re.

or Ireland by the wilful default of fuch person or persons fo turn by hit

contracting as aforefaid, or by the wilful default of his or their default.

affigns.	Perfonstakinij

IV.	And whereas there are several persons who have fecret ac- rewards for r

quaint once tvitb felons, and who male if their bufmefi to help perfons	*

474	Anno	quarto	Georgii	I. c.ii.	f 17a7.

to their fiolen goods, and by that means gain money from them, which is divided between them and the felons, whereby they greatly encourage fueh offenders: be it enacted by the authority aforefaid. That where-ever any person taketh money or reward, direAly or indire#ly, under pretence or Upon account of helping any person or persons to any fioien goods or chattels, evfiy fuch on left they person fo taking money or reward, as aforefaid, (unlels fuch caufetbeteloft person doth apprehend, or caufe to be apprehended, fuch felon to be brought who ftole the fame, and caufe fuch felon to be brought to his btgSttyof ^or kme> an<* S*ve evidence againft him) shall be guil-fhloay.1 ty of felony, and fuffer the pains and penalties of felony, accord-ing to the nature of the felony committed in dealing fuch goods, and in fuch and the fame manner as if fuch offender had him-felf itolen fuch goods and chattels, in the manner, and with fuch circumftances as the- fame were ftolen.

V.	And whereas there are many idle perjfims, who are under the age of one and twenty years, lurking about in divers parts of London, and elfewhere, who want employment, and may be tempted to become thieves, if not provided for: and whereas they may be incline ed to be tranfported, and to enter into services in fome of bis Maye~ fly'* colonies and plantations in America $ but as they have no power to contraft for themfelves, and therefore that it is not faft for merchants to tranfport, or take them tnto fuch services; be it cna#ed M hantt ky the authority aforefaid. That where any person of the age others, may* °* ^teen years or more, and under the age of twenty one, fhaD contract with be willing to be tranfported, and to enter into any service in any persons of the of his Majesty’s colonies or plantations in Amenta, it shall and age of 15, and	be lawful for any merchant, or other, to contra# with any

ftrve^hem?n ^uch Pei*f°n f°r anY fuch service, not exceeding the term of America for 8 eight years; provided fuch person fo binding him or herfelf do years.	come before the lord mayor of London, or fome other justice of

Provided fucb the peace of the cky, if luch contra# be made within the fame, knowledge his ^ ^^ert*€S thereof, or before fome other two juftices of the content before peace of the place where fuch contra# shall be made, if made a jnftice of elfewhere, and before fuch magiftrate or magiftrates acknowledge peace, fuch confent, and do fign fuch contra# in his or their prefence, and fign the anc^ whh his or their approbation; and that then it shall be fame with his lawful for any fuch merchant or other, to tranfport fuch person approbation, fo binding him or herfelf, and to keep him or her within anv of the said plantations or colonies, according to the tenor of fuch oontra#, as aforefaid; any law or ftatute to the contrary in any Such contra#, wife notwithftanding; which said contra# and approbation of rified^o^he mag1^rate or magiftrates, with the tenor of fuch contra#, e ° shall be certified by fuch magiftrate or magiftrates to the next general quarter-feffions, of the peace, held for that county where fuch magiftrate or magiftrates shall refide, to be regiftred by the clerk of the peace without fee or reward.

______________ VI. And be it further cna#ed by the authority aforefaid,

1717, perrons* That from and after the said twentieth day of January one thou&nd imprironedfor (even hundred and feventeen, if any person or performs shall be w2art£c°rcV m prif°n f°r want of fufficient bail, for unlawful exportation of 1	^	wool

quarter* feifi-on»,

After Jan. *0,

1717-) Anno quartp Georgii L c. 12.	475

■wool or wool-fells, and shall refufe to appear or plead to 1 de~ - -claration or information to be delivered to fuch perlon or persons, p}ca(£ j°dg-or to the gaoler, keeper or turnkey of the prifon, at the laid ment nlallbe prifon, for the said offence, by the (pace of one term, judgment entred againft lhall be cntred againft him ov default ; and in cafe judgment ^heJn b7 de-(hall be obtained againft any fuch person or persons by default, anYnot pay-verdift, or otherwife, and luch person or persons shall not pay ing the fuin the fum recovered againft him or them for the said offence, recovered, ‘within the fpace of throe months after entring up of fuch judg- fcal1 be ment, the court before whom fuch judgment shall be obtained M *** lhall, by order of court, caufe fuch offender or offenders to be 9 tranfported, in the fame manner as felons aforefaid, for the term of seven years; and if fuch offender or offenders shall return and returning, into Great Britain or Ireland, before the expiration of the said lhall (uffcr as seven years, he or they shall fuffer as felons, and have execution fucb# awarded againft them, as persons attainted of felony, without benefit of clergy.

VII.	And it is hereby declared. That all and every person Offenders a-and persons who have committed or shall commit any offence or gainft the aft offences, for which they ought to be adjudged, deemed and

taken to be pirates, felons or robbers, by an aft made in the par- a**!* di-liament holden in the eleventh and twelfth years of the reign of re&ed by si his late majesty King William the Third, intituled, An act for Hen. S. c. 15. the more enettmlfupprejfion of piracy, may be tried and judged for every hich offence in fuch manner and form as in and by an aft made in the twenty eighth year of the reign of King Henry the Eighth is directed and appointed for the trial of pirates, ana .	.	,	«

lhall and ought to be utterly debarred and excluded from the benefit of clergy for the said offences; any law or ftatute to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

VIII.	Provided always. That nothing in this aft contained ThUaftfeaB shall extend or be conftrued to extend to fuch persons as shall scotbwd

be convifted or attainted in that part of Great Britain called Scotland.

IX.	And be it alfo enafted. That this aft shall extend to all his Majeft/s dominions in America> and shall be taken as

publick aft.	rica, and be

CAP. XII.	taken as \

An	aR for inferring	and making perpetual an aft of the pMbUekaa*

twelfth year of her late Majesty,	,	An	a£t for the

prefcrving of all fuch (hips and goods thereof, which lhall happen to be forced on Ihore, or (trended upon the coafts or this kingdom, or any other of her Majesty’s dominions} and for infilling the	death

on fuch at JhaU wilfully burn or defray flips.

WHEREAS the alt made in the twelfth year of the reign of,, Ann ftat.j.

her late majesty Queen Anne,	,An a<51 for the c. it.

preferring of alt fuch (hips and goods thereof, which shall happen to be forced on (hore, or (trended upon the coafts of thlt

king-

The recited aft made perpetual. It Ann. ftat. a. c. xt.

The said aft shall not extend to the admiralty court of the cinque ports.

After June 24 iri8, any owner* captain, dec. wilfully deftroy-ingany (hip to prejudice the anfurers, shall fuffer death. By ii Geo. i. €, 29. (left. 6. This clause is explained, and the offenders oufied of clergy.

.Anno quarto Georgii I. 0.13,14:	[1717.

kingdom, or any other of* her Majesty’s dominions, expire at the end of 'this prefeht fcjjion of parliament, unhfs the fame be continued: and whereas the Jaid atl hath been found by experience to be of great ufe and benefit to the feafaring men and mefchants of this kingdom y and other his Majeflys dominions: be it therefore enacted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons, in this present parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the said recited aft, intituled. An act for the preferving of all fuch jbips and goods thereof \ lObicb Jbatt happen to be forced on Jhorey or flranded upon the coafls of this kingdomy or any other of her Majejbfs dominionSy and all the claufes, matters and things therein contained, shall be and is hereby declared to be made perpetual.

II.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enafted. That the said aft, or any thing therein contained, shall not be con-dr ued to extend to, or any ways affeft the ancient jurifdiftion and ufage of the admiralty-courr of the cinque-ports, or the officers thereto belonging; out the proper officers of the said admiralty-court shall be and are hereby authorized and impowered to put the said aft in execution within the jurifdiftion of the said cinque-ports, in as full and ample manner, to all intents and purpofes, as any other person or persons are by the said aft appointed to do in any other parts of this kingdom.

III.	And for the effeftual preventing the wilful catting away, burning, or otherwise dftlroying of (hips by the owners, masters and mariners thereof, and thereto belonging •, be it enafted by the authority. That if any owner of, or captain, matter, mariner, or other officer belonging to any (hip (hall, after the ' twenty fourth day of June which shall be in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighteen, wilfully caft away, burn or otherwise destroy the (hip of which he is owner, or unto which he belongcth, or in any manner of wife direft or procure the lame to be done, to the prejudice of any person or persons that shall underwrite any ^policy or policies of infu-rance thereon, or of any merchant or merchants that shall load goods thereon, he shall fuffer death.

CAP. XIII.

An act for enlarging the term of year* granted by the acts of the eleventh and twelfth years of King William the Third, and second and third year* ot Queen Anne, for the repair of Dover harbour.

The afts 11 & i» W. 3. c. c. and 2 & 3 Ann. c. 7. for repair of Dover harbour, continued from May i, 1718. to May, 1,1727. Further continued by 11 Geo. 2. c. 7.

CAP. XIV.

An act to impower the coinmiflioners appointed to nut in execution the afts of the ninth and tenth years of her late Majesty’s reign, for building fifty new churches in and about the cities of London and Weftmin-fter, and fuburb3 thereof, to direft the parish church of St. Giles in tiu Fields in the county of Middlesex to be rebuilt, inltead of one of the said fifty new churches.

The comtnifiioners appointed in purfuance of 9 Ann. c. 22. and xo Ann. c. ix. may caufe die church of St. Giles in the Fields to be rebuilt.

The End of tbe Thirteenth Volume.

