THE

Statutes at £arge.

Anno	fexto Georgii III. Regis*

Being the FIFTH Seffion of the Twelfth Parliament of Great Britain*

B Y

DANBY PICKERING, of Gray’s Inn, Efq}

THE

Statutes at Harp,

FROM <n>*'

MAGNA C HARTA

To the E N D of the

Eleventh Parliament of Great Britain.

Anno 1761.

CONTINUED.

By DANBY PICKERING, of Gray’s-Inn, Efq.

Reader of the Law Lecture to that Honourable Society.

VOL. XXVII.

CAMBRIDGE,

Printed by JOHN ARCHDEACON, Printer to the UNIVERSITY; for CHARLES BATHURST, at the Croft-Keys, oppofite St.Dunftan’s Church in Fleet-Street, London. 1767.

CUM PRirilEGlQ.

J

f

T

A

A

L E

B

OF THE

STATUTES

PUBLICK and PRIVATE,

Palled Afexto

Georgii Hi. .

PUBLICK ACTS.

Cap. t/l 'O condone an a& made in the laft feffipn of jar A liament, intituled. An aff imputation beefy porky bacon, and butter, from Ireland, for a limited time.

Cap. 2. For continuing and granting to his Maiefty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the fervice of the year one tfaoufand feven .hundred and fixty fix.

Cap. £. For allowing the importation of com and grain, froci his Majefty’s colonies in Amerita, into this kingdom, for a limited time, free of duty.

Cap. 4.. Fot allowing the importation of oats: and oatmeal into this kingdom, for a limited time, duty-free.

Cap. 5. To prohibit the' exportation of corn, gnun, malt, meal, flour, bread, bifcuit, and ftsrch, for a limited time.

Cap. 6. For extending the provifions of an aft made jn the laft feflion of parliament, for the‘more eafy and fpeedy recovery of fmall debts within the hundred* of Bleekbeotb, of Beckenham, of Rtktflej otherwife Ruxley, and of Littleiod Lejfneft, in the county of Kent, to the hundred'of Wellington in the coun# ty of Surrey. '	.	T

■ Cap. 7. To indemnify furh per Ions as have omitted to qua. Jify thetnfelves for, offices. aiad employments; and to indemnify

1'unices of the peace, deputy lieutenants, and officers of the mi-itia, or others, who have omitted to rqnfter or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving for*

■ Vot. XXVII.	a	ihet

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

jher time for jhofejpurpofesi and to indemnify members and officers in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whofe ad-xnifltons have been omitted to be (lamped according to the fe-veral adls of parliament now in force for that purpofe, or, having been (lamped, have been loft or miflaid, and for allowing them time to provide admifliorts duly (lamped.

Cap*. For punching muddy and defection and for the better payment of the army and their quartets*-

Cap. 9. For granting an aid to his Majefty by a land tax to be raifed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one tliou-fand feven hundred and fixtjr (tx.

Cap. 10. For the regulation of his Majefty’s marine forces While on'Aore.

Cap. 11V To repeal an ((<51 made in the laft feflion of parliament, intituled, An aft for granting and applying certain Jlamp duties y Vhd other duties\ in the Britifh colonies and plantations in America, towards further defraying the expenses of defending, protefting, and fccuring tie fame; andfor amendingfuch parts of the fiveral afts tf parliament relating to the trade and revenues of the j'aid colonies and plantations, as dirkf the manner of determining and recovering the penalties and forfeitures therein mentioned.

Cap. 12. Fprthe'kttcrf<fcurir^ the dependency of his Majefty’s dominions in America upon the'crown and parliament of Great Britain.

Cap. 13. To remove a doubt concerning fuch part of an a<5t made in the laft/effipn of parliament, as relates to theafcertain-ing of the duties upon the importation of certain linen cloth of ^maniifadurtof Rujfkt; ana to obviate all doubts with refpcA to the im'portatibn of tda, under certain licences authoriz'd to be granted by an aA made in the eighteenth year of the reign of Ins late Majefty.

Cap. tFor repealing the duties granted upon cyder and perry by an.adjl made in the third year of hit prefent Majefty’s teigdi and for granting <*her duties otl cyder and perry in lieu khetbofVM for more efffedhmlly fecuring the duties on cyder and perry impofed by feveral former a6te.

Cap. rffrot+aiurit a <&f*tn fum of money by loans or exchequer bills, for ftrt Utvit6& the year one thooiand feven hundred arid (titty fix.

. Cap. £6.* fror the	erify rfnd fpeody recovery of fmall debts

^JtRwr thfeity of Bath, th* liberties and preempts thereof, k	For rc$airtihg arid fcMettdingfonudi of an aft made

ih the firft ybrt^th^hrigr> of‘King^^ the Second, intituled* J&t'aiditmal aft for tleimpr^eihent qhtil&sgi,** rtiates to the city

London. ■	■-	^-	«•

Cap. 18. To amend and render more effectual, in . his Mp}&-

5fi dbfrrthiorls m Emeriti,nr a£t paftbd In this prefent feflion parliament, intituled, Ah aft’for fsonifbing nrtoetinj and defer tion^ 'aria for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

- Cap. 19. For the tttore effectual encouragement of the trade and manufadture of leather gloves and mitts in this kingdom.

Ctop. 20<

9

A TABLE ofthe STATUTES.

'Cap.’20. For the more eafy and fpeedy recovery of fmali debts£ within the borough of Derby, and the liberties thereof.

Cap. at. For redeeming one third part of the remainder of the joint nock of annuities, eftablilhed by ah adl made in the third year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, in refped of fcveral navy, victualling, and tranfport bills, and ordnance debentures.

Cap. 22. To regulate the loading of Hups with coals in the ports of	Newcaflle and	Sunderland.

Cap. 22. To amend an ad made in the laft feffipn of parlia-munt, intituled. An ail ftr repealing fevtrallotos relating to the nufaliurt of woollen doth in the county of York; and alfofo much of fevtral other laws at prefcribts particular	of width and

length of fucb woollen cloths; and jor JuhJlituting other	of

the doth trade within the weft riding of thefaii county; for prevent* ing frauds in certifying the contents of the cloth; and for preferving toe credit of the Jaidmanufailure at the foreign market.

Cap. 24. For paving the ftreeti and lanes within the town and borough of	Southwari, and certain parts adjacent, in the County

of Surrey i and for cleaning, lighting, and watching, the fame ; and allb the courts, yards, alleys, and paflages, adjoining thereto; and for preventing annoyances therein.

Cap. 25. For better regulating apprentices, and perfons working under contrad.

Cap. 26. For the better paving, cleanling, and enlightening, the city of London, and the liberties thereof; and for preventing obfiiudions and annoyances within the fatne; and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

Cap. 27. To explain, amend, and render more effedoal, thp powers of an ad made in the thirty third year of the reign odf hie late Majefty, intituled, An alt for widening certain	, lanes, and

paffagts, within the city of London, an liberties ; and for opensngcertain now flreets and ways within the fame;	for other

peerpofes therein mentioned.

Cap. 28. To prohibit the importation of foreign wrought $lht and velvets, for a limited time; and for preventing Unlawful combinations of workmen employed in the filk matiufadure.

Cap. 29. To prevent the fraudulent marking'of frame*work knitted pieces, and (lockings.

Cap. 30. For applying the mohey granted in this feiCon of parliament, for defraying the charge of the pay and doathingof the Militia of that pairt of Great Britain called England, for one year; beginning the twenty fifth day of March, one (houfanji leten hundred and fixty fix; and for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, feveral ada of parliament pafled in the fccond, fourth, and fifth years of the reign of his prefent Maw-fty, relating to the railing and training the militia Within part of Great Britain called England.

Cap. 31. For takihg down and removing certain light-hou&s now nanding near the Spurn	Pointat the mouth of^he *-

bw\ -and1 for eroding other fit.and convenient light-hwlea in-,

fiend thereof,

* 2	Cap;

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

■ Gap. 32. To extend an ail made in the fourth year of the reign of King George the Firft, intituled. An aft for the further prevent-ing robbery, burglary, and other felonies, and for the more effectual transportation of felons and unlawful exporters of wool, and for declaring the law upon Come points relative to pirates; to that part of Great Britain called Scotland, fo far as the faid a ft relates to the more effeftual tranfportation of felons; and for amending and rendering more effeftual the laws for reftraining muirburn, in forbidden time, in that part of the united kingdom.

Cap. 33. To enable his Majefty to exchange the lands of Fer-nan and Lix, in the countv of Pertby for other lands belonging to the right honourable John earl of Breadalbane, in PitkeUony, ■in the faid county of Perth.

Cap. 34. For widening feveral ftreets, lanes, ways, and paf-fages, within the city of Briflol* and for opening feveral new ftreets and paiTages within the fame; and for explaining, amending, and enlarging, the powers of the feveral ads palled for paving, cleanfing, lighting, and watching, and regulating, the ftreets, and other maces, within the laid city and liberties thereof.

Cap. 35. To continue an aft made in the thirty fecond year of hisBlate majefty King George the Second, for continuing, amending, explaining, and making more effeftual, an aft made i|i the nineteenth year of his faid Majefty, more effectually to prevent the frauds and abufes committed in the admeasurement .of coals within the city and liberty of Wejlmtnjler, and other places therein mentioned.

Cap, 36. For encouraging the cultivation, and for the better prefervation, of trees, roots, plants, and (hrubs.

1 ■ Cap. 37. To explain, amend, and render more effeftual, an .aft made in the fourth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, for .the better regulating of Duildings, and to prevent mifehiefs that may happen by fire, within the weekly bills of mortality, and other places therein mentioned.

Cap. 3ff. For repealing the feveral duties upon houfes, windows, and lights; and for granting to his Majefty other duties upon houfes, windows, and lights.

Cap. 39. For railing the fum of one million five hundred thouiand pounds, by way of annuities and a lottery, to be charged on the finking fund.

Cap. 40. For explaining and amending fact) part of an aft made in the third year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, as .relates to certain duties on wines imported; for the more eaiy collefting, and effeftually fecuring, the ftamp duties for copies of court rolls; for relief of perfons who have omitted to infert in * indentures, or other writings, the full fum agreed to be paid with clerks, apprentices, and other fervants; for amending luch pits of two afts made in the laft feffion of parliament, as relate to certain Eajl India goods, and bugles, exported to Africa * for permitting a certain auantity of wheat, barley, oats, meal, ' and flour, to be exported from Great Britain to the Iflc of Man* *	for

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

for the ufe of the inhabitants there; for allowing the exportation of certain quantities of coals, free from the payment of the duty granted by an aft made in the laft feflion of parliament, to. the iflands of Jerfey,	Guernfey, and and for	obviating

certain doubts with refpeft to the importation of oats and oatmeal, under the authority of an aft made in this prefont feflion of parliament.

Cap. 41. For granting to his Majefty a certain fum of money out of the finking fond, and for applying certain monies therein mentioned for the fervice of the year one thoufand (even hundred and fixty fix •, and for further appropriating the fupplies granted in this feflion of parliament.

Cap. 42. To continue an aft made in the fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for importing fait from Europe, into the province of Quebec in America, for a limited time.

Cap. 43. For explaining, amending, and further enforcing, the execution of two feveral afts, one made in the twenty fixth year of bia late Majefty, and the other in the fifth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, for the amendment and preservation of the publick highways and turnpike roads of this kingdom; and for obliging mortgagees taking pofleflion of toll-gates on turnpike roads, and toll-gatherers appointed by them, to account.

Cap. 44. To continue feveral laws therein mentioned relat-. ting to the allowing a drawback of the duties upon the exportation of copper bars imported; to the encouragement of the filk rpanufafturcs; and for taking off feveral duties on merchandize exported, and reducing other duties j to the premium upon mails, yards, and bowfpnts, tar, pitch, and turpentine; to the encouraging the growth of coffee in his Majefty’s plantations in America; to the fecuring the duties upon foreign made fail doth, and charging foreign made fails with a duty; and for enlarging the times limited for executing and performing feveral provifions, powers, and directions, in ads of this feflion of parliament.

Cap. 45. For allowing a bounty on the exportation of Briti/h made cordage; and for difcontinuing the drawbacks upon foreign rough hemp exported.

Cap. 46. For explaining part of an ad made in the fecond

Jear of the reign of his prefent Majefty, relating to the removal it home conlumption of fpirits made for exportation; for laying an additional duty upon the importation of filk crapes and tilanies j for allowing the exportation of a certain quantity of gum Jcnega and gum arabic to I, free of duty, for the ufe of the manufadurcrs there; for permitting the importation into this kingdom, from the Ifle of Man, of a certain quantity of bugles; and for altering certain regulations relating to the ton-nan of. lhips exporting and importing fpirits,

Cap. 47. For laying additional duties on certain fpirits imported ; and for prolonging the time allowed by law for lodg? tog and keeping in warchoufes rum and fpirits imported.

a 3 *	Cap*

A TABI& of the STATUTE S.

Cup. 48. For the belter prefervatkm of timber trees, and of woods and underwoods j and for the further prefervadon of loots, fhrubs, and plants.

Cap. 40. For opening and eftablifhing certain ports in the Wands of	Jaaktift and	Dmtuiea, for the More free importation

«Did exportation of certain goods and merchandizes; for grants jng certain duties to defray the expence* of opening, main tain-1 it»g, fecuring, arid improving, fuch poets; for afcertaining the duties to be paid upon the importation of goods from the faid Wand of Domnita into this kingdom; and for fecuring the du* ties upon goods imported from the faid ifland into any other Jiriti/h colony.

Cap, 50. For allowing the conveyance, from the ports of Southampton and Pirtjmuth to the port of Cowes in the ifle of flight, of goods not liable to duty 011 exportation, or prohibit^ ad to be exported, and of fheep and cattle, between the faid ports, without cocquCts being taken, or bonds entered into for that purpofe t and for extending an a A made in the twenty ninth ypar of the reign of King Charles the Second, for taking affidavits in the country, to be made ufe of in the courts of King's flench. Common Pleas, and Exchequer, to the ifle of Afan; and for appointing ports and places for (hipping and landing goods in the faid iflaad.

Cap. 51. For indemnifying peribns who have incurred certain penalties infli&ed by in sd of the lift feffion of parliament, for granting certain ftamp duties in the Britijb colonies and plantations in America 5 and for making valid all inftruments executed or iprolled there on undamped paper, vellum, or parchment.

Cap. 52. For repealing certain duties, in the Britijb colonies •nd plantations, granted by feveral ads of parliament; and alfa the auties impofed by an ad made in the faft feffion of parliament upon certain Eajl India goods exported from Great Britain 4 fnd for granting other duties indead thereof; and for further pneouraging, regulating, and fecuring, feveral branches of the trade of this kingdom, and the Britijb dominions in Amerita.

Cap. 53. For altering the oath of abjuration and the aflur-ance; and for amending fo muph of an ad of the feventh year of her late majefty Queen Anne, intituled. An ail for the improvement	ofthe union of	the two kingdoms, as, after the time

therein limited, requires the delivery of certain lids and copied therein mentioned to perfons indided of high tTealon, or mif-prifion of treafon.

Cap. 54. For putting the road from Clarges Street to Hydt Park Comer, and from the fouth end of Park Lane, to the north fide of Hertford Street, in the parifh of Saint George Hanover Square, in the county of Mtddltfex, now under the diredion of the ads for repairing the roads in the parifhes of Kenjington, C helfe,Fulham, and Saint George Hanover Square, in the county of Mtddltfex, undff the nutnageutat of thp commiffioners for

paving,

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

paving, cleaning, and lighting, the Quarts, ftreets, lanes, and ocher places, in	Weffminfter.

Gap. 55. To enable ThomasKymtr efquire, to make a navi, gable cut or canal from Little G River, near the town of Kidwely, to the	Great Forejl and^ Pwll Llygod, in the county

of Carmarthen.

Cap. 56. For repairing, widening, and keeping in repair, the goad leading from Tunbridge W, in the county of Kent, to the crofs ways near Maresfield Street., in the county of Suffix.

Cap. 57. For enlarging the terms and powers of two ads, one of the twelfth of King Georg the Firft, and the other of the fourteenth of his late Majefty, for repairing the road from

Horfley Upright Gate to the top of	Hill,	in	the	county

of Wilts; and for amending ieveral roads near or adjoining to the faid road.

Cap. 58. For enlarging the term and powers of an ad of the fourth year of his late Majefty, for repairing the road from God-Jfene, in the county of Surrey, to	in	the	parilh	of

Eafl	Grinfted, in the county of Stiffen.

Cap. 59. For repairing and widening the road from	,

by Moffcroft, to Kendm-boufe; and from	to	Bainton

Balk, in the county of York.

Cap. 60. For difcontinuing the ufe of feveral roads leading into and over	Fijberwick Park, in the county of Stafford-, and

for building and maintaining a publick bridge crofs the river Tame, at or near Elford Mill Ford, in the faid county; and for repairing, and keeping in repair, the road from fuch bridge to Hademire Gate, in the road leading through IVhittington to Li tld.

jj. 61. For the better regulation of pilots for the condud-ing of (hips and veflels into and out of the port of Liverpool.

Cap. 62. To enlarge and continue the term and powers granted by an ad palled in the fourteenth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, intituled. An a£l for repairing the roads from Doncaftcr through Ferry Bridge, to the foutb fide of Tadcafter Crofs; and from Ferry Bridge to Weatherby j and from thente to Borough Bridge, in the county of York j as to fo much of the faid ad as relates to the faid roads from Dontafler through Ferry Bridge, to the fouth fide of Tad-caff er Crofs.

Cap. 63. For the fupport and prelervation of the parilh Church of Folkeffene, and the lower part of the town of ftone, in the county of Kent.

Cap. 64. For the better maintaining, regulating, and employing, the poor within the parilh of Saint Botolpb,	in

the city of London.

Cap. 65. To enlarge the term and powers of an ad made in die twenty fifth year of King George the Second, for repairing the toads from the north end of Mailing-Street, near the town •f Lewes, and other roads in the county of	and	for a-

mending the rpad frqm the Broil Park Gate, to the weft end of

»♦

the

A TABLE rf the STATUTES,

fhe turnpike road leading from the turnpike road on Hurft-Grecn, through the pariihes of Etcbingbam and Burwajh ; and from the faid Broil Park Goto to the town of BattelL, in the faid county.

Cap, 66. For building a bridge crofg the river Thames, from Batterfea in the county of Surry, to Chelfea in the county of Jkftddlefex.

Cap. 67. For repairing and widening the road from Bawtryy in the county of York, to Eajt Markham common, in the county of Nottingham, and from Little Drayton to Twifori Bridge, in the (aid county.

Cap. 68. For repairing and widening the road from the Crofs or Market Place in the town of Wimbome Mtnfier, to the Crofs or Market Place in the town of Blandford Forum, in the county of Dorfet.

Cap. 69. For repairing, widening, and keeping in repair, the road leading from Cromford Bridge, in the county of Derby, to the turnpike road at or near Langley Mill, in the faid county.

Cap. 70. To remove and regulate the publick markets in the ' city of Bath» for widening certain ftreets, ways, and paflages, within the laid city, and the liberties and precinfts thereof, and for opening certain new ftreets and ways within the fame; for better paving, cleanfing, lighting, watching, and regulating the ftreets, lanes, ways and pafiages there, to remove all nuifances and obftruftions therein, and to prevent the fame for the future; and for better fupplyingthe inhabitants, of the (aid city, liberties, and precin&s, with water.

Cap, 71. For enlarging the term and powers granted by an a& palled in the twenty fourth year of his late majefty King George the Second, for repairing (everal roads in the county of Bucks, lb far as the fame relates to the road between the town of IVeniover and the town of Buckingham.

Cap. 72, For the relief and employment of the poor, and for repairing the highways, paving, cleanfing, lighting, and watching, the ftreets and other places in the town and parifh of Richmond, in the county of Surrey; and for removing and preventing annoyances, obftru&ions, and incroachments therein ; and for lhutting up a road from the late horfc ferry at Kew to Weft Sheene Lane near Richmond Green; and for amending . ^nd keeping in repair the road from Kew Bridge to Richmond.

Cap. 73. For repairing the road from the burgh of Lauder, in. the (hire of Berwiik, to and through Keifo, in the (hire of Roxburgh, to the Marchburn.

Cap* 74. To render more effe&ual an a& made in the third yeaf of prelent Majcfty's reign, for maintaining, regulating,' and employing, the poor within the parilh of Sain$ Mary White-chapel, in the county of Mddlefex.

Cap. 75. To render more cfteftual anaft pafled in the laft feflion of parliament, for rebuilding the parilh church of Albal-tows on the wall, in the city of London; and for rebuilding tho* hgufe bdppgiog tp tbe.re&pr of the laid parilh i aitf for nur-^*	chafing

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

chafing feveral pieces of ground and tenements thereon, to^ren-der the callages to and from the faid church and houfe more commodious.

Cap. 76. To enable the governor and company of the bank of England to purchafe certain houfes and ground contiguous and near to the bank; and for making certain avenues leading thereto more commodious.

Cap. 77. For repairing and widening the ftone bridge in the town of Shrewfbury.

Cap. 78. For making and continuing navigable the river Stort, in the counties of Hartford and Eflix.

Cap. 79. For repairing and widening the road from to	Sudbury i and from Sudbury to Toxoll Bridge; and from the

turnpike road upon Hatton Moor to Tutbury, in the counties of Derby and Stafford.

Cap. 80. For repairing and widening the roads from Britn-mington and Chejlerfield,in the county of Derby, over the High Moors, to the Several places therein mentioned.

Cap. 81. For further continuing the duty of ope farthing per chalder on coals, granted by an adt of the firft year of Queen Aunt, and-revived and continued by an adtof the eighth of King George the Second, for improving and repairing the piers and iiirbour of Whitby, in the county of Tori, and fjpr better regiyating the (hipping there.

Chip. 82. To enlarge the term and powers of an alt made in the twenty (ixth year of King George the Second, for repairing feveral roads leading into the city of	fo	far	as	the fame

relates to the diftridts of roads from	Bridge	to	Gkfgow	;

and from Glafjgow to Rtdburn Bridge; and for altering and ascertaining the courfe of the lad mentioned diftridt of road.

Cap. 83. For enlarging the term and powers of fo much of two adts made in the twelfth year of the reign of King George the Firft, and in the twelfth year of the reign of King George the Second, for repairing the road from	in the

county of	Lincoln, to Little	Drayton, in the county of Notting-

ham, as relates to the road from Spittlegate Hill to in the county of Lincoln.

Cap. 84. For repairing and widening the road leading from the prefent turnpike road at Haverhill to Red CroJ's, in the parilh of Shelf ord, in the county of Cambridge.

Cap. 85. For repairing the road from the turnpike at Tunbridge Wells, in the county of Kent, to Ringles Croft, near Uck-field, in the county of	Suffex.

Cap. 86. For repairing and widening the road from the prefent turnpike road in the parilh of	,	in	the	county of

Southampton, through the borough of Andover, to the town of Newbury, in the county of Berks; and from Newbury to Chilton Pond and Newtown River.

Cap. 87. For repairing and widening the road from tho Mansfield and Cbefterfield turnpike road, near the nine mile ftone from MamfitU, through Temple Normanton, New ■. } T	Im’sjvc,

ATABtEtrf the STATUTES.

htlojkre,and Birkrn Lane, to Bunting	in	the	parifh

of	4/bevtr, in the cou.nty of Derby-

Cap. 88. For repairing and widening the road from High

Bridget, in the county of Stafford,to Uttoxtter j and from Spath to Hanging	Bridge-,and from Tttu to Texall	, in

the faid county..

Cap. 89. For repairing and widening the road leading from the bottom of Church Lane, in the town of Netucafth under in the county of Stafford,to the turnpike road leading from Wear to Cbefter, near the town of	in the county of

Cbefter-, and from Cbeftertn, through Audit) and-Balter ley,to Gborfty Hid.

Cap. 90. For enlarging die term and powers of two a<fts, made in the eighth and twenty feventh years of his late Majefty, for repairing and widening the road from Rochdale in the county palatine of	to	the towns of

Halifax and Eoland, in the county of Tore.

Cap. 91. To explain and amend an ad made in the laft fef-fion of parliament, for repairing and widening the road from Tonbridge to Mi'aidftene, and from	to in	the

county of Kent* fo far as the fame relates |o the road from bridge to	Maidftone.

Cap, 02. For amending, widening, altering, clearing^ and keeping* in repair, feveral roads leading from the market profs in the town of Wortham,, and in Purled, in the county of Derfet.

‘Cap. 93. For amending and widening the road from the town of Biddenden, in the Weald of through the towns of Smardeu and Charing, to join the turnpike road which leads from AJhfori to Feverfbom, at a place called Bound Gate.

Cap. 94. For making the river. S navigable from the river Trent, to or near Loughborough, in the county of Ltictjler; and for making navigable cuts or canals from the (hid river Soar, to or near The Rujhes and the Hermitage Pool, at Loughborough aforefiud.

Cap. 95. For repairing and widening the road leading from High Bulfen ,in Wednejbury, to the further end of next the Pertwaj; and from thence through	to	the	fur-

ther end of Gibbett Lane; and feveral other roads leading to and from Bilfton, in the county of	.

Cap. 96. For making a navigable cut or canal from the river Trent, at or near Wilden Ferry, in the county of Derby, to the river Merfey, at or near Runcorn Gap.

Cap. 97. For making and maintaining a navigable cut . or canal from the river Severn, between	and	Brook,

jn the county of Worcejier,to crofs the river Trent, at or near Heywood Mill, in the county of Stafford, and to communicate with a canal intended to be made between the faid river Trent end the river Merfey.

Cap. 98. For repairing and widening feveral roads leading the town of Dortfqrd, in the county of Ketdt

Cap;

A T ABLE of die STATUTES.

Cap. 99. For repairing and widening the road from Mudley Corner, to Walfall and Wedneftnery, and to Leigh Brook and Oder Hilly and feveral other roads in the county of

Cap. 106. For the better regulating ana employing the poor; and for deanfing, lighting, and watching, the fquares, ftreets, lanes, and other places, within that part of the parilh of Saint Andrew Htlkom which lies above the bare, in the county of MUdUfex, and the parilh of Saint George the , in the faid county.

Cap. 101. For making the river Cbelmer navigable from the port ak'Matdon to'the town of Chelmsford, in the county of Bffex.

Cap. 102. To enable the principal officers and commiffion-ere or bis Majefty’s navy to carry into execution certain articles of agreement made for a leafe of ground for the improvement of hu Majefty’s dock yard at Plymouth.

PRIVATE ACTS.

1.	AN id for dividing and indofing the open and com-Jl\ mon fields, common meadows, common paftures, lot

g'ounds, and commouable wafte grounds, in tne parilh of reat Doddington, in the county of Northampton.

2.	An a St for naturalizing Hieronymus Henry Burmefter, John fVienbolt, Julius Conrad Bidder, and Peter Duval.

3.	An ad to enable the right honourable James Ofwald, and the right honourable George Sae, commonly called lord George Sadville, to take, in Great Britain, the oath of office, as vice treafurer, and receiver general, and paymafter general, of all his Majefty's revenues in the kingdom of ; and to qualify themfelves for the enjoyment of the faid offices.

4.	An ad for dividing and indofing the common fields, common paftures, common meadows, common grounds, and commonable lands, lying within the manor and parilh of Bladen, in the county of Oxford.

5.	An ad for dividing and indofing certain open and common fidds, common paftures, common meadows, and com* monable wafte grounds, in the manor, parilh, and tything of Great Tew, in tne county of Oxford.

6.	An ad for confirming an award, made for dividing and indofing feveral common fields and downs, in the parilh of Hafelton, in the county of	Gloueefter.

7.	An ad for dividing and indofing the open commons, common fields, meadows, and grounds, lying in the hamlet of Maugerflury, in the parilh of Stow on	, in the county

of Gloueefter.

8.	An ad lot confirming artides of agreement for dividing, allotting, and indofing, the common mid lands, within the parilh of	Heddhrgtou1, in the county of Wilts.

9,	An ad for dividing and indofing tip common fields.

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

common paftures, common meadows, common grounds, and wafte grounds, of and in the manor and parilh of Tbenford, otherwife Fenford, in the county of Northampton.

10.	An aft for dividing and indoling a certain open and

common field, called Bid ford Common Field, within the parilh of Bidford, in the county of	Warwick.

11.	An aft for dividing and indoling the common fields, common paftures, common meadows, common grounds, and commonable lands, within the manor and panlh of Steeple Afton, in the county of Oxford.

12.	An aft for dividing and indoling the open arable fields, and common paftures, within the parilh of Waltlxim, otherwife Waltham in the Wolds, in the county of Ltitejitr.

13.	An aft for dividing and indoling the open arable fields

and common paftures, within the parilh of	,	otherwife

Branjlon, in the county of	Leicefter.

14.	An aft for dividing and’ indofinir the open arable fields and common paftures, within the parilh of , otherwife Croxton Karial, in the county of

15.	An aft for dividing-and indoling the open and common fields, common paftures, common meadows, common grounds, and commonable lands, in the townlhip of Winfiow, in the county of Btukt.

16.	An aft for indoling and dividing the common wafte

grounds, open fields, open meadow ground and ings, within theparilh of	Stillington, in the county	of Tori.

17.	An aft to enable the moft noble Fratuis duke of watery to extend a branch of his navigable cut, or canal, upon Salt Moor, in the county of C, to the market town of Stockport, in the laid county.

18.	An aft to difiblve the marriage of John	,	with

Ann Matthews his now wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

19.	An aft for naturalizing J Pierre Micbtl. / ao. An aft for dividing and indoling the open fidds, com*

mon meadows, common paftures, commons, and wafte grounds, within the parilh of Repion in the county of Derby.

21.	An aft for dividing and indoling the open commons,

common fidds, common meadows, and commonable lands and grounds, of and in the manors of	and , and of

and in the manor of Upton Hafelor, in the parilh of , in the county of Warwick.

22.	An aft for dividing and indoling the commons, or wafte

grounds, called	Cuddington or Bryn , in the townlhip of

Cuddington with Bryn, in the parilh of Wtverbam, in the county of Chejler.

23.	An aft for dividing and indofiiig the open fields, com* mon meadows, common paftures, commons, and wafte grounds, within the parilh of Willington, in the county of Derby.

24.	An aft for dividing and indoling the moor, wafte, oj common, in the fcvcraj townftups, villages, or hamlets, of

A TABLE of the'STATU TIE 5.

Upper flavortb and Nether Htwertb,in the county palatine of Durham.

25.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the open and common

fields, common pa (hires, common-meadows, common grounds, and commonable lands, in the parifh of Little Htnutna,, in the county of	Bucks.-

26.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the open fields, grounds, and wafies, within the townlhip dr parifh of Befjingby, in the county of York.

27.	An a& far dividing'and inclofingcertain open and common fields, in the manor and parifh of Keddington, in the county of Lincoln.

28.	An aft for dividing and inclofing. the open and common fields, meadows,vpeftures, common ami wafte grounds, within the townfhip.of Buford, otherwise Beefortb, in the county of York

29.	'..Anad Sdc dividing and -inclofing the feverai commons

and trade grounds, within the manor of	in	the	parifh

of Leek, in the cofintjn of Stafford.

30.	An ad for dividing and inelofiflg the open and Common fields, and commonable lands, lying within the parifh of HitUm in tit Hodge's, in the county of Northampton.

31.	An ad for dividing and inclofine the open common fields^

comrnan aleadowfc, add other commonable lands, in the parifh of	GameUkf, in thd eobnty of Lincoln.

32.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, downs, and commonable lands, and allotting the old in* clotures, lying within the townfhip and parifh of Hatberop, in the county dt GltUctfler.

33.	An ad for dividing and inclofing feverai open fields,

commons,' andwaftegrounda, within the nuoor of	in

the county of. the city of York, —#	'

34.	An ad for veuing part of thb fettled'eftateofSir yobi

Cbttwodtbaronet,'in -truftees, to be .fold, for dffcbaiging incumbrances afieding thb fame.

35.	An ad todifibjve the marriage of Charles Aldcrsft gens tleman, with Sarah Shewtll, his now wife, and to enable him tb many again, and for other purpofes therein mentioned. -

36.	An ad for enabling Robert Brief efquire, and his heirs,

to take and ufe the name, and-bear the arms, of	'

37.	An ad to enable the mod noble JVilliem duke of Datum

Jhireto take in England the oath of office of high treaforer of

Ireland, and. to. qualify himfelf in England for the enjoyment of the faid office.	-	   .

38.	An ad to-citable the dean and chapter of Canterburj to grant leafeaof.tbsit.eftate in the parifh tf Saint Olavf Seutbiuarit

39.	An ad for vetting part of .the foe fimple folate o (George

late lord viicoum AEdkten, of the kingdom of Ireland, in traders, to be fold, for paying the debts, legacies, and incum-hrancrs, mentioned in, and appointed to be paid by, hit will 1 and for executing and effeduating fevenu centred* emend info t	f	Vj

A TABLE oftint STATUTES.

by bios for felling and leafirvg divert farm* and lands in

and for making the exemplification of his will evidence in law

and equity.

40.	An ad for veiling certain manors, mefluages, farms,

laqds, tenements, and hereditaments, in the county of 7, devifed by the will of Sir William	baronet,	dcceafed,	in

truftees, to be fold} and for. applying the monies arifing by fuch fate, in the purchafe of other hums, to be fettled to tho like ufes.

41.	An ad for veiling the freehold and leafchold eHates, late

of Rthert Henley efquire, deoeafcd, an .truftees, to be fold, to raife money, to be applied to pay off debts, and incumbrances, and legacies, charged upon ana affecting the fame, under the dire&ion of the court of chancery, and for laying out the furplus-money in the bank of	>	fobjeft	to	the	further

order of the faid court.

4a. An ad for veiling feveral copyhold eflatea. of Ann Bbgrovt, widow,'and others, in truftees, to be fold, and for laying out the money arifing thereby in the purchafe of other elutes, to be fettled to the fame ufes to which the laid copy-bold jeftates (land limited.

43.	An ad to impower John efquire, -and Margoretta Miria his wife, late	Margaretta Maria , widow,	and

other thft deyifecs of John Maryan dork, deceafed, to make leafes of the manor of Charlton, and of lands,: tenements, and hereditaments, in the faid manor; and aha the parilhes of Wookuicbnn&Pk/mftead, in thfc county of JCeut.

.44. An aid.for veiling part of the fettled eftate of Jehu vtjler Smith efquire, in truftees, to be fold, for difcharging in^ cumbrantetaffeftang-thefamie.!

. 45.. Ab.pd fo	tatiMn George Torfler efquire, to grant

building leafes of eftates, devifed to him by She William	•

baronet, in the teuhty of	Mhdilajhx.

. 4fi. An ; ad for- dividing .and: indofing the feveral dinted paftures, called Cm Clofe, Weft Moor, and	otherwise

Clmtber, Within dm townlhip ofArntUff, in the weft riding of the cbtioty of York.

47. Ah.aft for. dividing and indofing feveral common arable fields, cotn hum meadow, grounds, and the moor or common, within the manor and townftiip of , in the eaft riding of the ctAiaty of Tori.

'■■■ 48.. An:ad for dividihgand indofing the open and common, fields* meadows, paftures, and wafte grounds, in the parifh of

Blaby, in the county of	Leitefter.

49.	An aft for dividing and indofing the common fields, meadows, paftures, and wafte grounds, in the parilh of Ctun* teftberpe, in the coqnty «f> Leitefter.

go. Ab aft for dividfog and indofing the common fields, and other commonable lands and grounds, in the parifh of , in th« bountyof Htrtfar*,.except • common paftorc, called, 83« CmtGomwm. ■ ■

51. An

A TABLE of thfc STATUTES.

51.	An aft for dividing and indofing the open ahd common

fields, and ground*, in me hamlet of	in	the	pariih

of Hitcbin, in the county of Hartford.

52.	An aft for allotting, dividing, indofing, and draining,

fevcral open and common fields, meadows, wafte and fen grounds, within the manor and parilh of , in the county of Lincoln.	-	-

53.	An aft for dividing and indofing certain open com-

mqn fields, Jands, and grounds, in the pariih of	r,

in	Holdemejs, in the eaft riding of the county of York.

54.	An aft for dividing and indofing the open fields, meadows, pa (hires, and commons or commonable grounds, in the townihip of Brigham* in the pariih of Fofiont in the eaft riding of the county of York..

55.	An aft for dividing and indofing the open and common fields of Lnbnm, otherwife	, in the county of

Ltiiejler.	i

56.	An aft for indofing, paving, deanfing, ‘lighting, and adorning, Barkley Square, in the pariih of Saint George Henrvtt Square, in the county of Middkfote.

57.	An aft for veiling part, of a meflinge, with the appur-

tenances, intailed by the will of the mod noble Charles late duke of	Grafton, deceafed, in	truftees, to be fold; and for purchafing

another mefliiage, or lands, to be fettled to the like ufes. '

5*. An aft for veiling the manfion houfe of the earl and couotefs .of Pewit, in Jlbemarle S, now fettled on them and their iflue, in truftees, to fell, the fame ; and to lay out the mo* ney arifing by fuch file, in the purchaie of lands and hereditaments, .to be fettled to the like ufes.

K.	An aft for veiling certain manors, reftorieS, danda^ s, tenements, and hereditaments, in the,counties of Saner* fet and Devon, devifed by the will of John late earl of Portsmouth, deceafed, in truftees, to be fold) and for applying the monies arifing.by fuch (ale, in the puichafe of other manors, reftories, lands, tytbes, tenements, br hereditaments, to be fettled to the ufes limited by the laid will.

60.	An aft for veiling in truftees, the fettled eftate of ington, earl Ferrers, in the county of	to	be	fold, for

fatisfying the incumbrances and portions aftefting the feme, and the reft of his fettled eflates; and for.other pUrpofes therein mentioned.	...

61.	An aft to. enable Sir Thomas Goods baronet, and -hisfons, Thomas Gooch, Wiliam Gooch, and John Goods, and their guardians, and the gudrdians of their fons, during their minority, to grant building leafes of certain lands in Birmingham, in the county .of Woruridc j and to grant a piece of land, lying in the feme town, for the purpofes of building a church, ana making a church-yard j and to exchange feme lands (there.

62.	An.aft fot file of the manor, capital mefliiage, and late diflbtved priory, of Ryogatt, in the county of Surrey j and tlfo. •f fcveral freehold and copyhold lands, tenements, and trare-

ditamettta,

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

ditaments, in the counties of Surrey and Suffix, late the eftate of Sarah Parfons,widow, deceafed, for railing money to discharge incumbrances affeftine the fame.

63.	An aft for the faie and difpofltion of part'of the fettled eftate of Thomas Lfyod efquire, for paying and discharging the debts and incumbrances affefting the fame, and for providing an equivalent or compensation for the fame, to the iuue inheritable under his marriage Settlement.

64.	An aft for confirming the fale of part of the eftates

late of Robert Neiham efquire, deceafed, fituate in the kingdom of Ireland, for the term of five hundred years, to George Nedbam efquire, for confirming an agreement made between the widow and children of the faid Robert	and for

veiling part of the laid Robert	faid	eftates	in	truftees,

to be fold, for the payment of the debts, legacies, and other incumbrances, affefting fuch eftates; and for other the pur-pofes therein mentioned.

■	65. An’aft for veiling an undivided moiety of certain mef-

fuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in the Several counties of Bedford, Northampton,	and	Effex,	and	in

the city of London, late the eftate of	Inee	efquire,	de-

ceafed, and Mary late the wife, and now the widow, of thi faid Piggott Inee, in truftees, to be fold and difpofed of, in pursuance, of certain agreements; and for dilcharging debts ana incumbrances, and other the purpofts therein mentioned, and for applying and placing out the Surplus of the purchafe-money upon the trulls, and for the purpofes therein mentioned.

. 66.. An aft to eftablifli a propofal, made by William efquire, to the governors of the charity for the relief of the /oor Widows' andf children of clergymen, in relation to a piece jot pared .of land, called Cherry Cobb Sand, in the county of Tori.

167, An aft for dividing and indofing Several open fields, .commons, or wade grounds, fituate, lying, and being, within ifrc manors of Aften and Wales, in the county of Tori.

68. An aft for dividing and indofing the open and commons fields, half year lards, commons, and wafte grounds, in the. parilbes of Carlton Forehoe, and	,	in	the	county

of Nor/oli.

• 69.. An aft lor dividing and indofing Several open and common fields, common meadows, commons, and wafte grounds, within the Ionflhip or liberty of Bamethy upon the Woulds, in the county of Lintoln.

■	70. An aft for dividing and indofing certain open grounds; or pallures, and fome parts of a certain moor or traft of wafte land, within the manor of Bowes, in the county of .

•. 71. An aft for dividing and indofing certain open arable fields, meadows, pafture, and wafte grounds, in the parilhes of Stubborn and Sudbrooke, in the county of Lineoln.

> 72. An aft for indofing and dividing a common, called Thorpe Mtsrjh, and a pipes of land, called Grumble , within

the

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

the parifti of Barmby	upon Dunn.,in.the county of Turk.

73.	An ad for dividing and indofing the feveral open fields, meadows, pa (hi res, and wafte grounds, within the manor and pari(h of Corby, in the county of Lincoln.

74.	An ad to render more effedual an ad, made in the fourth year' of his prefent Majefty, for draining, preferving, and improving, the low grounds and cars, lying and being in theparilhes, townlhips, hamlets, lordlh'rps, precinds, and territories, of Sutton, Ganftead, Swine, Benningholme,

btlmt Grange ,and Fair holme. North	,	,	Arnold,

Long	Rifton,	Levon,	Heigbolm, and Hattytrte , Brandos

Barton, and	Bnrjball,	Eflto, Tickton, Wool, Routb,	', and

Wagbeu, otherwife	Wown, in	Holdem, in the eaft riding of

the county of York.

7J» An ad for dividing and indofing the open common fields, 99mmon paftures, common grounds, heath, and wafte grounds, within, the manor and parifti of	in the

county of Northampton.

76.	An ad for dividing and indofing the open and com-

mon fields, meadows, paftures, and commonable lands and grounds, in the parifti of Laighton	,	otherwife,	Laigb*

ten	Ectlefia, in the county	of Huntington.

77.	An ad for dividing and indofing certain open lands,,

meadows, and free commons, in the parifti of	,

in the county of Lincoln.

78.	An ad for dividing, indofing, and draining, certain lands,

grounds, and common paftures, in the parifti of	,

in the eaft riding of the county of York.

79.	An ad for dividing and indoGng feveral open fidds,

meadows, and commons, within the lordftiip of	Coley,

in the county of Leicefier.

80.	' An act for dividing and indofing' the open and com-

mon fidds, common meadows, common paftures, common Bounds, heath, and wafte grounds, within the manor and lord-ftiip of	Kingftborpo,in the county of Northampton.

81.	An ad for dividing and indofing the open and common fields, common lands, common meadows, common paftures, common grounds, heath, and wafte lands or grounds,

in the hamlet or townftiip of R, otherwife Ruyton, in the parifti of Bulkington, in the county of	.

82.	An ad for dividing and indofing the open and common fields, meadows, common fen, and other commonable places, in the parifti of Bickar, in the county of Lincoln, and for draining and improving the fame.

83.	An ad for veiling certain eftates, in the county of Z/«-

celn, in truftees; and to enable them to appropriate the rents and profits thereof, and alfo certain ferns of money (fobjed to the trulls declared by the will of Sir Michael Wbartoa knight, deceafed) for the augmentation of the revenues of the curaties of the late collegiate church of Saint John, in	,

In the county of York', and for ereding an organ in the laid

Voi. XXVH.	b	chwfet

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

church, and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

. 84. An aft to enable Richard Barton efquire, and his iffue, to bear and ufe the famame and arms of PbillipjoH, purfuant to the will of Jtbn	PbiUipftn efquire, deceafed.

. 85. An aft for nsouralicing Gadkard	Job*

Comud,	ReniraBentimk, Jfiaert J*ftus

Pranas Monet,arid John Abraham HaUmand.

86.	An aft for naturalizing Lo Chorlejftn.

87.	An aft for naturalizing Prior Face*, and Job* James Imrneifen.

88 An aft for veiling the fettled eftates of Edmund Merton Pleydtii efquire, in the counties of York and	,in tru-

fiecs, to be fold; - and for lading out the'money to arMe by fuch Tale, in the purchafe of other lands, to be fettled to the likeufes. 1

89.	An aft for dividing and indofing the open fields, meadow, common paftures, and wafte grounds, in the parifh of Balderton, in the county of Nottingham.

90.	An aft far'dividing and indofing certain open and common fields, and commonable lands, in the parifh of Ai-

derbury,in the county of Oxford.

91.	An aft for dividing and indofing the commons, and ynOe grounds, in the manor and parifh of little Eiingham, in the county of Norfolk.

94. An aft for dividing and indofing a certain common, pared of wade ground, or moor, fituate in the liberty of Jiarlty, in the county of Derby, called Darby Common.

93. An aft for draining and preferring Stretbem Common, in the ifk of Ely, and county of Cambridge', and for empowering the commiffioners for putting m execution an aft for the effectual draining and prefervation of lVaterbeacb Level, in the county of Cambridge; arid to eftablifh an agreement made between the lord of the manor of lVaterbeacb torn	and

the commoners within the laid manor, to raife a fum of money to pay the debts owing upon the credit of the faid aft.

. 94. An aft for naturalizing Peter	,	and	Jtbn	Jamef

b Chevalier,

I

/

	A	*
T	A B L	E
	OF THE	
S T	A T U T	E S

PUBLICK. and PRIVATE,

Palled Anno

%	*	V

Georgii	ill. Regis.

peing the Sixth Seflion of the Twelfth Parliament of Great Britain•

PUBLICK ACTS.

Cap. x/T^O continue an a£t made in the fifth year of (he JL reicn of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An aft for importation of falted beef porky bacon? and buttery from Ireland, for a limited time.

Cap. 2. To amend fo much of an adt made in the lad feflion of parliament, intituled. An oft for repealing certain duties in the Britifli colonies and plantationSy granted byfeveral a&s of parliament % and alfo the duties impofed by an aff made in the lajl fejfion of parliament upon certain Eaft India goods exported from Great Britain; andfor granting other duties injlead thereof; and for further encou-ragtngy regulating, and fecuring, feveral branches of the trade of this kingdom, and the Britim dominions in America, as relates to the exportation of non-enumerated goods from the Britijb colonies in America.

Cap. 3. To prohibit, for a limited time, the exportation of com, grain, meal, malt, flour, bread, bifcuit, and ftarch; and affo the extraction of low wines and fpirits from wheat and 'wheat flour.

Cap. 4. For allowing the importation of wheat and wheat ffodr from his Majefty’s colonies in Ameficay into this kingdom, for a limited time, free of duty.

Cap. 5. For allowing the importation of wheat and wheat flour from any part of Europe into this kingdom, for a limited time, free of duty.

Vox.. XXVIL	c	Cap.	6.	For

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 6. For continuing and granting to his Majelfy certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and fixty feven.

Cap. 7. For indemnifying fuch perfons as have afted for the fervice of the publick, in advifing or carrying into execution the order 6f council of the twenty fixth day of September laft, for laying an embargo on all (hips laden with wheat or wheat flour; and for preventing fuits in confequence of the faid embargo.

Cap. 8. For allowing the importation of oats and oatmeal, rye and ryemeal, into this kingdom, for a limited time, free of duty.

Cap. g. For obviating doubts which have arifen with refoqft to fo much of an aft made in the firft year of the reign or his prefent Majefty, intituled (An aft to amend an aft pajftd in the eighteenth year of the reign of King George the Second, concerning the qualification ofjufiices of the peace, ana for other purpofes therein mentioned) as direfts the taking of certain oaths by juftices of the peace, on the ifliiing of any new commiffion of the peace.

Cap. jo. For punching mutiny and defertion; and for the better payment ot the army and their quarters.

Cap. u. For allowing the importation of wheat and wheat flour, free of duty, from any part of Europe, for a further time than is allowed by any aft made in this feffion of parliament; and for permitting the free importation of barley, barley-meal, and pulfe, into this kingdom, for a limited time.

Cap. 12. To difeontinue, for a limited time, the duties payable upon the importation ot tallow, hogs-lard, and greafe.

Cap. 13. For the regulation of his Majefty’s marine forces while on more.

Cap. 14. For granting an aid fo his Majefty by a land tax, to be raifed in Great Britain, for the fefvice of the year one thou-land feven hundred and fixty feven.

Cap. 15. For giving further time to his Majefty’s lieutenants, deputy lieutenants, juftices, and clerks of the peace, and others, for carrying into execution certain parts of an aft pafled in the laft feffion, for pay and cloathingot the militia; and for indemnifying fuch lieutenants, deputy lieutenants, and clerks of the peace, and others, who have neglefted to carry fuch parts of the^ faid aft into execution.

Cap. 16. For railing a certain fum of money by loans or exchequer bills, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hum* dred and fixty feven.

Cap. 17, For defraying the charge of the pay and cloathing of the militia in that part of Great Britain called England\ for one year, beginning the twenty fifth day of Marchy one thou-* fand feven hundred and fixty feven; for the more effeftually punishing feijearfts, drummers, and fifers, for mifbehaviour and defertion \ for fecuriog deferters from the militia regiments ; and for explaining and amending (b much of an aft pafied in the laft feffion of parliament, as relates to inlifting miliusi men into hi* Majefty’s pthcr forces.

Cap*t(&

A TABLE of the STATUTES?;

. Cap. 18. To enable the truftees of the Britijb omfeum to Change, fell, or difpofe of, any duplicates of printed books, medals* coins, or other curiofities; and for laying out the money arifirtjg by fuch file in the purchafe of other things that may bd Wanting in, or proper for, the faid mufeum.

Cap. 19. To enable his Majefty to fettle certain annuities on their royal highncffes the dukes of York, Qloucefter, and Cum-inland.

Cap. 20. For granting to his Majefty additional duties upon baft, or ftraW* chip, cane, and horfe hair hats and bonnets, and1 upon certain materials for making the fame, imported into this ki]

.	1.	To obviate inconveniencies which may arifewhN

refpedt to the execution of feveral ads of parliament in fuch cities, boroughs, towns corporate, franchifes* and liberties, as have only one juftice of the peace of the quorum qualified to a Si within the fame.

Cap. 22. For further allowing the importation of wheat and 1 wheat flour, barley, barley-meal, and pulfe, free of duty, into this kingdom from any part of Europe.

Cap. 23. To prevent frauds and abufes in the admeasurement * Of coals. Told by wharf meafure, within the city of London, and the liberties thereof; and between Town Dock and Limeboufe Holt in the county of Middlefexi

Cap. 24- For railing the fum of one million five hundred thoufind pounds* by way of annuities and a lottery, attended with annuities to be charged on the finking fund.

Gap. 25. For redeeming one fourth part of the joint ftock Of annuities eftablilhed by an ad made in the third year of his pre-fent Majefty's reign, intituled. An off for granting to bis Majefty ftveral additional duties upon wines imported into this kingdom j and certain duties upon all tydn and perry; andfor raifeng the fum of three millions five hundred thoujfand pounds by way of annuities and-lotteries, to be charged on the faid duties.

Cap. 26. For redeeming the remainder of the joint ftock of annuities eftablilhed by an ad made in the third year of his pre* fent Majefty’s reign, in refped of feveral navy, vidualling, and tranfport bills* and ordnance debentures.

Cap. ly. For extending the royalty of the city of Edinburgh over certain adjoining lands; ana for giving powers to the ma-giftrates of Edinburgh for the benefit of the faid city -y and to en~ able his Majefty to grant letters patent for eftablifhing a theatrw in the city of Edinburgh, or fuburbs thereof.

Cap. 28. For granting to his Majefty additional duties upon* certain linen cloth imported; and for carrying fuch duties, together with the'additional duties granted in this feflion of parliament upon the importation of baft or ftraw, chip, cane, and bode hair hats and bonnets, and certain materials for making' the feme, to the finking fund.

Cap. 19. For explaining an a<ft made in the twenty ninth year of the reign of Queen Eliiaittb, tq prevent extortion in (heriffs.

c 3

under*

. A TABLE of the STATUTES.

under-(heriffs, and bailiffs of franchifes or liberties, in cafes of execution.

Cap. 30. For allowing the free importation of rice, lago powder, and vermicelli, into this kingdom, from his Majclty’s colonies in North America, for a limited time.

Cap. 31. To indemnify fuch perfons as have omitted to qua* lify themfelves for offices and employments; and to indemnify-juftices of the peace, deputy lieutenants, and officers of the militia, or others, who. have omitted to regifter or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving fur-* ther time for thofe purpofes; and to indemnify members and officers in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whofe admif-fions have been omitted to be damped according to Taw, or, having been damped, have been lod or miflaid, and for allowing them time to provide admiffions duly damped; and to give further time to fuch perfons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attornies and folicitors.

Cap. 32. For applying the money granted, in this feffion o£ parliament, for carrying on an additional building for a more commodious paflage to the houfe of commons, from Saint AJar-ghret's Lane and Old Palace Yard.

Cap. 33. To inforce, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, the execution of an ad of the lad feffion of parliament, intituled, An aft for repeating the feveral duties upon houfes9 windows^ and lights; and for granting tv his Majejiy other duties upon bovfes* windows, and lights; and for explaining the faid ad.

Cap. 34. For allowing further time for inrollment of deeds and wills made by papids; and for relief of protedanjt purchasers*

Cap. 35. To continue feveral laws therein mentioned, relating to the clandedine running of uncudomed goods, and preventing frauds relating to the cudoms; to prevent the clandestine running of goods, ana the danger of infedion thereby; to the granting liberty to carry rice from his Majedy’s provinces of Carolina and Georgia, in America, diredly to any part of Europe fbuthward of Cape Finifterre, in (hips built and navigated according to law; and to the prohibiting the importation of books reprinted abroad, and fird compofed, written, and printed, in* Great Britain.

Cap. 36; To continue fo much of an ad made in the thirty; third year of the reign of his late Majedy, as relates to the free importation of cochineal and indico; and for allowing the bounties granted by any ads of parliament now in being upon th& exportation of cort^and malt declared or made for exportation, and barley deeped and entered at the excife office to be made into malt for exportation, before a limited time.

Cap. 37. For completing the bridge crofs the river Thames^ from Black Fryars in the city of London, to the oppofite fide in the county of Surry9 and the avenues thereto on the London fide* for redeeming the tolls on the faid bridge, and on London Bridge % for rebuilding the gaol of Newgate in the (aid city; for repairing

the

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

the Reyal Exchange within the flUne ; for embanking part of the north fide of the faid river, within certain limits; and for further continuing, towards thofe purpofes, the impofition of fix pence per chaldron, or ton, of coals and culm imported into the port of the faid city, eftablifhed by an ad of the fifth and fixth years of the reign of King William and Queen Mary\ and alfo for carrying on the new pavements in the city and liberties of Wefimnjier, and parities adjacent, and in the town and borough Of Southwark; and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

Cap. 38. To amend and render more effedual an ad made in the eighth year of the reign of King George the Second, for encouragement of the arts of defigning, engraving, and etching, hiftorical and other prints; and tor vetting in, and.fecuring to, Jane Hogarth widow, the property in certain prints.	#

Cap. 3a. For the better regulation of the parith poor children, of the feveral parifhes therein mentioned, within the bills of mortality.

Cap. 40. Tt> explain, amend, and reduce into one ad of parliament, the general laws now in being for regulating the turnpike roads of this kingdom; and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

Cap. 41. To enable his Majefty to put the cuftoms, and other duties, in the Britijb dominions in America, and the execution of the laws relating to trade there, under the manage* ment of commiflioners to be appointed for that purpofe, and to be refident in the faid dominions.

Cap. 42. To explain, amend, and reduce into one ad of parliament, the feveral ftatutes now in being for the amendment and preservation of the publick highways of this kingdom5 and' for other purpofes therein mentioned.

Cap. 43. To amend and enforce the ads of the eighteenth, twenty firft, and thirty fecond years of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, for the more effedual preventing the fraudulent importation and wearing of cambricks and . french lawns.

Cap. 44. For altering the ftamp duties upon policies of amrance; and for reducing the allowance to be made in ref-1 ped of the prompt payment of the ftamp duties on licences for retailing beer, ale, and other excifeable liquors; and for explain-r iog ana amending feveral ads of parliament relating to hackney :	coaches and chairs.

•; Cap. 45. For encouraging and regulating the trade and ma-nufadures of the Ip of Man; and tor the more eafy fupply of >. the inhabitants there with a certain quantity of wheat, barley,

1 ms, meal, and flour, authorized by an ad made in this feflion to be tranfported to the faid ifiand.

, Cap. 46. For granting certain duties in the Britijb colonies 1) and plantations in America; for allowing a drawback of the duties of cuftoms upon the exportation, from this kingdom, of Coffee and cocoa nuts of the produce of the faid colonies of jfattation*} for ^continuing the drawbacks payable on china A	q	3	eavxVven

A TABLE of the STATUTES;

parthen ware exported to America; and for more effectually pra> venting the dandedine running of goods in the (aid colonies and plantations.

Cap. 47. For difcontinuing the duties on logwood exported; for taking off the duties on Succus	imported,	and for

granting other duties in lieu thereof j for explaining fuch parts of two aCts made in the tenth and twelfth years of the reign of Queen Anne, as relate to certain duties on (ilks, {Hinted, painted, or ftained, in Great Brita; for granting a duty upon the exportation of fuch rice as (hall have been imported, dutyfree, in purfoance of ap a£t nude in this feflion of parliament; and for more effectually preventing the wear of foreign lace and needle work which are prohibited to l)e imported into this king* dom.

Cap. 48. For regulating the proceedings of certain publick Companies and corporations carrying on trade or dealings with .joint docks, in refpeCt to the declaring of dividends; and for further regulating the qualification of members for yoting in their refpedtive general courts.

Cap. 49. For regulating pertain proceedings of the general courts of the united company of merchants of England trading fo the ead Indies,

Cap. 50. For amending certain laws relating to the revenue of the pod office; and for granting rates of podage for thp conveyance of letters and packets between Great Britain and the

Jfie tf Man,and within that ifland.

- Cap. 51. For improving the navigation of the river Lee, from the town of Hertford to the river	; and for extending the

faid navigation to the flood-gate? belonging to the town mill, in the faid town of Hertford.

Cap. 53. For erecting a proper and convenient pier at the port of Saint Ives% in the county of	for	the better pro-

tection of (hips and veflels referring to the faid port.

Cap. 53. For draining and preserving fen lands, and low

Jjrounds lying in the fouth level, part of the great level of the ens commonly called Bedford	L, and in the county of Cam-

bridge, between the river Cam,otbprwife Grant, wed, and the Jtardlands of	Bottijham, Swaffham-Bulbed,and Swaffham-Poior,

ead5 and for impowering the governor, bailiffs, and commonalty of the company of confervatprs of the great level of the fens Commonly called Bedford Level, to fell certain fen lands lying yrithin the limits aforefsid, commonly called Invefted -Cap. 54. For granting to his Majedy a certain fum of money out of the fiqking fund, and for applying certain monies therein mentioned for the fervice of the year one thoufaudfeven hundred and fixty feven; and for further appropriating the foppliqs granted in this feflion of parliament; for carrying to the aggregate fund a fum of money which hath arifen by the two fevenths excite; for impowering his Majedy, with the advice of his privy' Council, to permit the importation of any fort of com or grain, duty-(fee, intq this kingdom, for a longer limp than is permit-

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

fed by any aft of this feflion of parliament; and for obviating doubts in relation to the meeting of commiflioners for putting in execution an aft of this feflion, for granting an aid to his Majefty by a land tax.

Cap. 55. For further continuing an aft of the laft feflion of parliament, intituled. An aft to amend and render more effeftml* in hit Majefiy's dominions in America, an aftpojfed inthisprefent JeJJion rfparliament, intituled, An aft for punifhing mutiny and defertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

Cap. 56. For taking off the inland duty of one (hilling per pound weight upon all black and finglo teas confumed in Great Britain; and for granting a drawback upon the exportation of teas to Ireland, and the Britijb dominions in America, for a limited time, upon fuch indemnification to be made in refpeft thereof by the Eajl India company, as is therein mentioned for permitting the exportation of teas in fmaller quantities than one lot to Ireland, or the faid dominions in America; and for preventing leas feized and condemned from being confumed in Great Britain.

Cap. 57. For eftablifhing an agreement for the payment of the annual fum of four hundred thoufand pounds, for a limited time, by the Eajl India company, in refpeft of the territorial acquili-tions and revenues lately obtained in the Eajl Indies.

Cap. c8. For granting to his Majefty additional duties on certain foreign linens imported into this kingdom; and for efta-blifhing a fund for the encouraging of the raifirig and drefling of hemp and flax.

Cap. 59. For reftraining and prohibiting the governor, council, and houfe of representatives, of the province of New York, until provifion (hall have been made for furnifhing the King’s troops with all the neceflaries required by law, from pafling or af-fentineto any aft of afiembly, vote, or Vefolution, for any other purpofc.

Cap. 60. For repairing and widening feveral roads in the county of Brecon.

Cap. 61. To enlarge the term and powers of two aft$ pafled in the thirteenth year of King George the Firft, and the feven-teenth of his late Majefty, for repairing the road from Cranford Bridge, in the county of Middl'fex% to that end of Maidenhead Bridge which lies in the county of Bucks; and for amending the roai from Slough, to a certain place in Eton* and from Langley Broom, to Datcbet Bridge, in the county of Buckingham.

Cap. 62. To continue the term, and render more effeftual an nA pafled in the thirty firft year of his late Majefty, for amending feveral roads leading from the town of Tiverton, in thecoun-

3^of Devon; and for repairing and widening the road from ickley Bridge Crofs, over Bickley Bridge, to the fign of the Swan in the town o t Stiver ton ^ and alfo the road from Bickley TVvod Cr#/r, to Ford Village JVater in the faid county.

Cap. For building a bridge crofs the river Thames, from Swynford in thp county of Berkto Eynjbam in the county of

Q*ferd'

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Gap. 64. For enlarging the term and powers granted by an aft pafled in the twenty fecond year of his late majefty King George the Second, for opening and making a new road from the eaft end of New Street y in the parifh of Saint John, South-work, to and through the feveral places therein mentioned ; and for keeping the faid road in repair for the future \ and for repairing feveral other roads adjoining thereto.	,

Cap. 65. For continuing, altering, and amending, two ads of parliament, of the twelfth of King Gforge the Firft, and of the tenth of his late Majefty, for repairing feveral roads leading into the city of Worccftcr \ and for amending feveral other roads near or adjoining thereto.

Cap. 66. For repairing and widening the road from the weft end of Thames Street, in the city of Oxford, over Botin Caufe-way, to the turnpike road near Fifield^ in the county 01 Berks, Cap. 67. For amending, repairing, and widening, feveral roads in the counties of Radnor and Hereford.

Cap. 68. For amending and widening the road leading from the Bell Inn at Northfield, in the county of Worcefer, to thp Woot* ton Turnpike, in the great turnpike road leading from Stratford upon Avon, in the county of Warwick, to Birmingham in the fame county.

Cap. 69. For rebuilding the parifh church of Saint Martin9 within the city of Woreejler,

Cap. 70. For enlarging the term and powers granted by an alt palled in the eighteenth vear of his late Majefty, for repairing the road from the town or Kitigjlon upon Hull, to and torough the town of Anlaby, and from thence to the town of Kirk EUa, in the county of the faid town of Kingfion upon Hull,

Cap. 71. To enlarge the term and powers of an alt palled in the eighteenth year of King George the Second, for repairing the road from Sacred Gate, on the fouth eaft fide of the town M Hedon, in the eaft riding of the county of York, through the faid town to Hull North Bridge; and for amending the road from theprefent turnpike bar in Wyton Holmes, through thetownfhipt of Wyton and Sproatley> to the guide poft in Flinton Lane, near Humbleton Moor Houfey in the fame riding.

Cap. 72. For the better and more efFeltual maintenance and relief of the poor of the borough and parifh of <%ueenboroughy in the county of Kent.

Cap. 73. For building a bridge crofs Stoncboufe creek, from Stoneloufe to Plymouth dock, in the county of Devon,

Cap. 74. For enlarging the term and powers granted by two alls of parliament, of the third of King George the Firft, and the eleventh of his late Maiefty, for enabling the parifhioners of Saint Mary Rotberhilb, in the county of Surrey, by certain funeral races therein mentioned, to finifh the faid parifh Church, and for purchafing an additional burial ground, and to enable them tQ raife money for purchafing the prefent parfooage houfe, and con* verting the feite thereof into a burial ground, and for providing 91 new parfonage boufe.	"

A TABLE of the STATUTES,

: Cap.'7J. For the more effectual repairing, widening, and rendering commodious the highways within the parifti of Ealingy in the county of Middlefex; and for lighting the ftreet in Old Brentford within the faid parifti, from the turning towards Kew Bridgiy to a ftreet called The Half Acre.

Cap. 76. For continuing the term of feveral arts for repairing the road between Wymondham and Attleborough, in the county of hferfoU; and for amending the road from the end of the town clore, in the county of the city of Norwich, to the chalk pita near Tbetfordy in the laid county of Norfolk.

Cap. 77. For repairing and widening the road from Spemal Ajby in the county of Warwick, through Studley9 to a ftreet called Digbethy in the town of Birmingham.

Cap. 78. for continuing and enlarging the term and powers cf fo much of two ads, made in the twelfth year of the reign y£ George the Firft, and in the twelfth year of the reign of King George the Second, for repairing the road from Spittlegatt Wily near Grantham, in the countv or Lincoln,, to Little Draytont in the county of Nottingham, as relates to the road leading from Fofion Bridge, in the county of Lincoln, to Little Drayton, in thp minty of Nottingham.

Cap. 79. For continuing and enlarging the term and powers >ffo much of an ad made in the thirty fecond year of the reign A his late majefty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the roads from Grantham in the county of Lincobty hrough Batteiford and Binghamy to Nottingham Trent Bridgiy md from Chappel Bary near the weft end of the town of Not-ingbam, to Saint Afarfs Bridge, in the town of Derby; and rom the guide-poft in the parifti of Lenton, to Sawlcy Ferry; as ■slates to the road leading from Grantham, to Nottingham Trent Bridge.

Cap. 80. For enlarging the term and powers granted by ait id or the fecond year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for sreding and building two new churches, and providing burial daces, in the town and parifti of Liverpoole, in the county pasture of Lancafter.

Cap. 81. For repairing and widening the road from the urnpike road at Hatton, near the borough of Warwick, through King's Norton, in the county of Worcefter; and to the upper :nd of Gannow Green, in the parifti of Bhromfgrove, and to the Bill Inn, in the parifti of Bell Broughton, in the faid county of WorceJler~ 1. .

Cap. 8a. To explain, alter, and amend, an ad for repairing ind widening feveral roads leading from between the fecond ana bird mile (tones on the turnpike road between the town and aunty of Poole and Wtnborn Minfter, in the county of Dorfety o Bratton Corner, in the county of Somerfet 5 and for repairing tnd widening the road from the turnpike road in Brainfton, tp linear a houfe called Fontlerofs Farm Houfe, in the county of

ftp. 85. 'For repairing and widening the read from Sbaddoq

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Gate, near Carls fie, to the prefent turnpike road at Mulafide j and from a place in the faid turnpike road, between Binfey Mires' and North	Raw Gate, to join the turnpike road at	in

the county of Cumberland.

Cap. 84. For repairing the roada from Tunbridge Wells, In the county of Kent, to Swifts in the parifh of Etching-bum 5 and from Front to Pojfingwortb Great Weed, adjoining to the turnpike road there, leading to	in	the	county	of

Suffix.

Cap. 85. For paving the flreet* and other places in that part of the parifh of saint Botolpb Aldgate which lies in the cpunty of Middlejex, and part of a (beet called Eaff Southfield in the pre-cindt of Saint Catherinej and for cleanfing, lighting, and watch* ing the fame, and preventing obftrudtions ana annoyances therein.	>

Cap. 86. For repairing, widening, and keeping In repair, the road leading from the high road between Bromley 2nd in the county of Kent, to Beggar's Bujb, in the turnpike road leading from Tunbridge Wells to	,	in	the	county	of

Suffix.

Cap. 87. To explain, amend, and render more effeAual, an ad made in the dxtecnth and feventeenth years of King Charles the Second, intituled. An oQfor making divers rivers or etberwi/e	paffable, for	beats, bargand other veffels,	fo far as

the fame relates to the river It, running from through	Wtnchejler, to the fea,	near	and	for	better

regulating the (aid navigation.

Cap. 88. To continue and render more effediual feveral ads of parliament for repairing the highways from that part of Counter's Bridge which lies in the parith of	in	the	county

of	MiddUfex, leading through the towns of Brentford and Noun-

fiow, to the powder mills, in the road to Staines; and to Cranford Bridge, in the faid county, in the road to	;	and

for repairing, turning, or altering, the highway leading from, the faid road, at or near the end of Sion , to the town of

JJleworth, in the (aid county, and from thence to a gate on the fouth fide of Tedington Field; and alfo the highway leading out of the faid great road, near Smallberry Green turnpike, to a houfe known by the fign of The George, in the town of IJUworth afore-laid ; and for lighting and watering part of the faid highways.

Cap. 89. To repair and widen the road from	to

the town of Bridlington, in the eaft riding of the county of	.

Sip. 90. For continuing the duty of two pennies Scots, or a part of a penny fterling, upon every Scots pint of ale and bear which (hall be brewed for fale, brought into, tapped, or fold, within the town of Burrowflounnefs and liberties thereof, in the county of Linlithgow, and tor extending the fame over the pari(h of Buirowfiounne/s; for repairing the harbour of the faid town, and for othpr purpofes therein mentioned.

Cap. 91. For repairing and widening the road from the brick kilns op Baft hUHUgIff 4th, to the turnpike ro?d on Peptbury

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Green, and from Brand Bridget to the Four Wents, near Matfield Greeny in the county of Kent,

Cap. 92. To repair apd widen the road from	in

the county of Salop, to the turnpike road between	,	in

the county of	Chejler, and Nepucaftle under	j and front ffin-

fittk to	Nantwicbaforefajd.

Cap. 93, For making navigable the river lire, front its jupc-tjon with the riv.er Swale, to the borough of Ripen, in the county, of Tori.

Cap. 94. For enlarging the term and powers of an aft made in the fourteenth year of the reign of his late Majefty, intituled* An aft for repairing ibe road from Don carter, through (be parijb Pcnirton,	in tbe county of‘York, to Salter’s Brook, in the county of

Chefter, end alfo the road from Rotherham, in tbe faid county cf, York, to Hartcliffe Hill, in tbe faid parijb of Peninon; and for makipa the faid aft more effeftual, fo far as the fame relates to the £*ia road between Rotbtrbom and Hartcliffe Hill.

Cap. 95. For making navigable a brook called Coibeck, from the river Swale, to the borough of	in	the	county	of	Tori.

Cap. 96. For making navigable the river Ouze, from below Widdington Ings, at or near Linton, to the junftion of the rivers Swale and Urt; and for making navigable the faid river , from the faid junftion to Morton , and alfo the brook running from Bedale, into the river Swale, in the county of Tori.

Cap. 97. For improving the navigation of the river Hull and Frodingham Bed, from Ate Beck Mouth, to the clough on the caft comer of Ftjbbolnu; and for extending the faid navigation from the faid dough, into or near the town of Gptat fri the eaft riding of tbe county of York.

Cap. 98. For the more effeftual draining the lands lying in the level of Ancbobne, in the county of Lincoln, and maxing the the river Antbolme navigable from the river Humber, at or near a place called Ferraby Sluice, in the county of Lincoln, to tbe town of Glamfori Briggs; and for continuing the faid navigation up or near to the faid river, from thence to Bijbop	in	the

■faid county of Lincoln.

Cap. 99. For ertablifliing and well-governing a general hof-pital to be called	Addenbrooie'shofpital in the town of Cambridge.

Cap. too. To amend an aft made in tbe fifth year of his pre* fent Majefty,. for amending the road from Chatteris Ferry, through Chatteris and March to Wisbech Saint Peter's; and from thence to Tide Gate in the iile of Ely; and from Wisbech afore-laid, through Outwell to Downbam Bridge, in the county of Norfolk-, and for repealing the feveral afts for repairing the faid road between Wisbecb and March; and alfo for charging certain jands in	Walderfea,and on Wisbech South Side, towards the repairs of the Walderfea and South Side	which,	before	the

palling of the faid aft, were liable to fuch repairs.

Cap* 101. To continue and render more effeftual feveral afts of parliament, for repairing the roads in the parilhes of firnfing-

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

ton, Cheifea, and Fulham,and other parilhes therein mentioned, in the county of Middlefcx; and for lighting and watering tho-faid roads; and for paving the ftreet ana highway and footways in	Kenfngton; and for lighting and watching the fame, and the

courts and alleys adjoining thereto.

Cap. 102. To continue and render more effectual three a&s. for repairing the highways between Tyburn and	in	the

county of	Middltfex-, and for amending the road leading from'

Brent bridge over Hanwetl heath, through the parilhes of Hartwell New	Brentford,and Ealing, to the	great weftern road, in the

laid county ana for lighting, watching, and watering the highway between Tyburn and Kenfington Gravel Pits.

Cap. 103* For repairing and widening the road leading from-the turnpike road in the town of Tenterien to and over Bull Green, and to and through the town of Great Chart to a houfe known by the lign of the Ca/lle- at the entrance of the town of AJbford, in the county of Kent; and alfo the road leading from Bull Green aforefaid to Hothfield Heath; and alio the road leading from Bull Green aforefaid, through High	,	to	Dajbmandtn in the

pariih of Biddenden, in the faid county of Kent.

Cap. 104. For repairing and widening the road from March* V»el', In the county of Denbigh, through Worthenbury and Haunter,in the county of Flint, to a houfe in the pofleffion of Thomas Jenks, in Dodington, in the pariih of	, in

the county of Salop, and from Bangor aforefaid to	, in the

county of Chejler, and from Redbroot to Hampton in the fafd county of Salop.

Cap. 105. To enlarge the term and powers of an a<5t made in the twenty ninth year of King Giorge the Second, for making a road from the eaft fide of the pariih of Saint Matthew, Bethnal Green fin the county.of	Mtddlefex, to the eaft end of

Jlreet, and to open a Way into	;	and for repairing,

paving, and regulating. Old Cock-lane, New Cock-lane, Church* Jlreet, and the road on the weft fide of the opening into Shore* fitch,and for removing nuifances and obftru&ions therefrom', pnd preventing the fame for the future.

. Cap. ro6. For repairing and widening fcveral toads in. the county of Ayr. '

P R I V A T E A C T S.

j.. A N acf to enable the right honourable James Ofwald, the . .. jr\ right honourable James Grenville, and the right honouri able JJaac Barre, to take, in Great Britain, the oath of office, as vice treafurer, apd receiver general, and paymafter general, pf all his Majefty’s revenues in the kingdom of Ireland; and to qualify themielves for the enjoyment of the faid offices.

2.	An a$ for naturalizing Mary Anne Ainelit

3.	Anjuft for naturalizing Chftfliaiu.Fan Tnlingen.

4.	Anaft for naturalizing LewiAgdjfa jmt Samuel Schutt,

A.TABLE of the STATUTES.

Philip David Kraut er^Jofhua Rougemont, Ferdinand De Meerre9 and Cbrijiian Godfrey Klein.

5.	An ad for making more effectual an aft palled in the third year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled. An aft for vejling part of the fettled eflates of Samuel Daihwood efquire, in trufiees3 fur raifmg money to pay debts and incumbrances, and for providing an equivalent or compenfation for the fame, to the ijfue inheritable under his marriage fettle went.

6.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the open common fields, , and other commonable grounds, in the pariih of Kencott9 in the county of Oxford\

7.	Aii ad for dividing and inclofing certain open and com-' mon fields, common paftures, common meadows, common grounds, and commonable lands, lying within the manor of CheftertQn9 in the county of Oxford.

8.	An ad for dividing and inclofing certain open and common fields, and commonable lands, in the pariih of Sandford,• in the county of Oxford.

9.	An ad for dividing and inclofing a certain common moor,

. called Carlijle and Cummerfdale Moor, in the county of Cumber-

land.

■ 10. An ad for dividing and inclofing Holton Greeny and foe difpofing of other grounds, within the townihip of Holton Eajt9 in the pariih of Siipton^ in the county of Tori.

11.	An ad for dividing, allotting, and* inclofing, fuoh part of certain commons and wafte grounds, c?Ued Bentbam Mooras Keth within the manor of Ingleton9 in the weft riding of the county of Tori.

12 An ad for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, common meadows, common painires, common grounds, lanes, and wafte grounds, within the manor and pariih of 0ld9 otherwife Would, in the county of Northampton.

* 13. An ad for dividing and inclofing feveral commons or wafte grounds, within the manor of Gborky, in the county palatine of Lancafer.

14.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the open fields, meadows, common paftures, and wafte grounds, and alfo the marih and fenny grounds, in the manor and pariih of Yaxley, in the county of Huntingdon.

15.	An ad to diflolve the marriage of John Scott efquire, with Jane Scott his now wife, and to enable him to marry again ; and for other purpofes therein mentioned,

16.	An ad to enable Sir Thomas Delves baronet, and his heirs male, to take the name of Broughton.

. 17. An ad to enable Thomas Hotcbkis, to take the fiirname and arms of Lit tier y purfuant to the will of Thomas Littler defeated.

f8* An ad to enable Sarah Aylon fpinfter, to take and ufe the furnatne and arms of Tyrrell.

19.	An ad for naturalizing John Rodolpb Valltravers.

20.	An ad for naturalizing Crifloffel Van Denbtrgh9 an infant,

5 21,

A TABLE of the Sf ATOTE&

±1. An ad for naturalizing SMhndrot.

22.	An ad for naturalizing Nicolas Francis Beckman.

23.	An ad for naturalizing Theodore Van	an	infant;.

24.	An ad for naturalising John Lewis	y	and

Amable Do ft.

<	25.	An ad for veiling the eftate of Lucy DigbtoHi ad

infant, in the parilh. of Sbetbom,in the county of ,id truftees, to be fold j and far applying the purchafe money for difeharging incumbrances affedmg the filthe, purfuant to the diredions of the court of chancery.

26.	An ad to enable the devifees for life, named in the will

of Pierce Starkie efquire, deceafed, and the truftees, to cut down and fell timber upon the freehold and copyhold or cuftomary eftates, late of the faid Pierce S’, in the counties of and	LancaJitr, and to grant leafes of the quarries, mines, and

minerals, within the. freehold eftates late of the faid Pierce

Starkie,in the fame counties; and to inveft the monies arifing therefrom, in the purchafe of lands and hereditaments* to be fettled to the ufes of the faid will.

27.	An ad for annexing the redory of Purleigb, ih the county of Ejfex, to the office of provoft of the houfe of the blefled Mary tie Virgin, in Oxford,commonly called Oriel , of the foundation of Edward the Second, of famous memory, fomedme King of England.

28.	An ad for veftidgiin the dean and chapter of	,	a

certain piece of grounds adjoining to the town of South	,

in the county palatine of Durham; and for making an adequate compenfation to the curate of the chapel of Saint , in the laid county, and his fueceflors, for the fame; and for enabling the faid dean and chapter, to remove the fairs and markets, out of the town of South Shields, and to caufe the lame to be held on the laid piece of ground.

20. An ad for dividing and inclofing the open and common fields, and commonable places, within the parilh of , and manors of Bibury Offhey, and Bibury ,and the hamlet or vill of Arlington, all in the laid parilh of Bibury, in the county of	Gloucefter.

30.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the open and common

field, common meadows, common panures, common grounds, and commonable lands, within the townlhip and liberties of Cofgrave, in the county of Northam, (exclufive of Brownf wood Green, and Kenfon Field, in the pariln of	, in tne

laid county.

31.	An ad for dividing and indoling the fcveral open fields* meadows, and pafture grounds, within the manor and townlhip of Nun Monkton, in the weft riding of the county of .

32.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the feveral open and common*fields, and commonable lands, within the parilh of

Qlney, in the county of Bucks.

33.	An ad for dividing and inclofing feveral lands and grounds,

in the parilh of South	Burton, otherwife Bijbop , in the call

riding of the county of York,	34.	An

a Table of &<* statutes.

34.	An aft for dividing and indofing the open fields, mea-ovs, common paftures, and all other commonable lands with*

3	the liberties of Ruddington, in the county of Nottingham.

35.	An s& for dividing and indofing the open and common das, common meadows, and commonable lands, within the amkts or townlhips of Wixford, Exball, Kings-Broom, and Burnts Broom, in the county of Warwick.

36.	An aft for dividing and indofing the open fidds, met* lows, common paftures, and commonable lands, lying fouth of he turnpike road, leading from Nottingham to Alfreton, within he liberties and townlhips of Lcnton aim Radford, in the county d Nottingham.

37.	An aft for the more effeftual draining and preferring certain fen lands, and low grounds, in the hamlet of Benwick, in fee parilh of DoeUington, Whittleft], Ramfey, and Farut, in the Ift of Elf, and counties of Cambridge ana Huntingdon.

3$. An aft for dividing and indofing the feveral open and eommon fields, common meadows, and other commonable lands, in the parilh of Cubbington, in the county of Warwick.

39.	An aft for indofing, allotting, and dividing, the commons am wafte grounds, open common fields, and open common neadow grounds, in the manor of the Leigh, in the parilh of Jffm Keysets, in the county of Wilts.

40.	An aft: for draining and preferving certain low-grounds, ia the parilhes of AdUngfleet and Wbitgift, in the weft riding of feeeounty of fork.

41.	An aft to enable Richard Bennet efquire, and his ifliie, to take and bear the fumame and arms of Coffin, purfuant to the *31 of Richard Coffin efquire, deceafed.

4s. An aft to enable Thomas Wilis efquire (latdy called Thoms Swettenbam) and his ifliie, to take, ufe, and bear, the fur-name and arms of Willis, purfuant to the will of Daniel Wittis cfqnire, deceafed.

43.	An aft for naturalising Leonard Meyer and Lewis Giles.

44.	An aft for confirming a contraft of leafe of mines between Charles duke of Queen/berry and Dover, of rhe one part, and Pa-nick Crawfurdframes Crawfurd, and Gilbert Meafon, of the ether part; and for enabling the faid duke, and his heirs of entail, to grant leafes in terms of the laid contraft.

45.	An aft for dividing and indofing a certain common, call-si The Tarn Moor, in the townlhip of Skipton, in the weft riding afibe county of York j and for applying the produce thereof towards the relief of the poor of the laid townlhip.

46.	An aft for dividing, indofing, and draining a parcel of •me ground, or common, called Bijhop Soil, in the feveral pa-afl» of Howdtn and Eaflrington, and in the parilh or parochial dfepelry of Blacktoft, in the eaft riding of the county of York.

47.	An aft for dividing and indofing feveral open fields, citaMaons, moor, or wafte grounds, within the manors of North

and Tadrnek, in the county of York.

4S. An aft for dividing and indofing the common waft*

6	grounds

A TABLE of the STATUTE'S.

grounds and fandhills, called Layton Hawes, within thi manor of Layton, in the parishes of Poulton and Bifpham, in the county palatine of Lancafter.	...

49.	An ad for dividing and inclofing certain open .fields, meadows, and (tinted paftures, in the parifti of Carmn in Lin* drick, in the county of Nottingham.

50.	An ad for dividing and inclofing the opetf fields, and commonable places in Copy and Littlithorpi, in the- parifh of Cojby, in the county of Leicejfer.

51.	An ad for dividing and inclofing feveral open fields, common paftures, and parcels of land and grounds, within the manor and townfhip of Huggate, in the eaft riding of thecouffly of York.

52.	An ad to enable John Bowes earl of Strathmore and borne, and Mary Eleanore Bowes, countefs of Strathmore and Kinghome, his wife, the daughter and only child of George Bowes efquire, deceafed, to take and ufe the furname of -Bowes only, purfuant to his will, and the fettlement executed previous to the marriage of the faid earl and countefs.

53.	An ad to vacate an agreement made the tenth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and fifty eight, between the mod noble William late duke of Portland, deceafed, and Mar* garet Cavendijhe dutchefs of Portland, then his wife* but now his widow, and. the right honourable Thomas lord Foley, alfo deceafed, concerning a building leafe to be granted to the faid lord Foley, of a parcel of land, in the parith of Marybone, in the county of Middlefex ; and to eftablifti and render effednal another agreement, dated the thirtieth day of January, one thoufimd feven hundred and fixty feven, concerning the premifies.

54.	An ad to enable Henry duke of Bualeugh, a minor* to make a fettlement on his intended marriage with the lady Elizabeth Montagu.

55.	An ad for exchanging part of the fettled eftates of IPit* loughby tarl of Abingdon, m the county of IVtks, for another eftate of greater value, in the county of Berks, to be fettled in lieu thereof, and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

56.	An ad for vefting part of the eftate of Sir Nigel Grefiey, baronet, in the county of Stafford, in truftees to be fold, to raife money for the payment of debts, and other purpofes therein mentioned.

57.	An ad for vefting feveral undivided eftates, late of John Bennett efquire deceafed, and Atm Spencer widow, in the counties of Surry, Kent, and Middlefex, in truftees, in order to effed a partition between the faid Ann Spencer and the devifees named in the will of the faid John Bennett.

58.	An ad for confirming a leafe, or grant, made by the

honourable Louifa Barbara Manfcll, foie daughter and heir of the right honourable Bujfy lord Man fell deceafed (now the honourable Louifa Barbara Vernon) wife of the honourable George Venables Vernon) to Chauncy Townfend efquire, for certain purpofes therein exprefled, or to grant a new. leafe thereof.- -	•

59- An

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

5g. An ad for veftingpart of the eftates, in the county-pa-Jptinejof	LantafUr, fettled upon the .marriage of Fleetwood Htt-

ketb efquire, with Frances his wife, in truftees to be fold; and for applying the money arifing from fuch fale in the paying off divers debts and incumbrances affecting the fame, and for other purpofes therein mentioned; and alfo for fubftituting, in lieu thereof, a certain eftate in the faid county called , lately purchafedby the hud Fleetwood

So.An ad for vetting part of the.ettate of John Talbot the younger efquire, fettled on his marriage, .in truftees, for railing g further fumiofmoney,for difeharging debts and incumbrances.

•6g. An ad for dividing and indofing feveral open and common Adds, meadows, and commonable grounds, within the manor and parilh of Newton, in the county of Lincoln.

62. An ad for dividing and jncloGng feveral open fields, meadows, .common fens, and other commonable placet, within fhepgstth of Dtmngtan, in the county of	and for drain-

ing and improving the fame.

A3. An ad tfor.dividing and indofing certain open lands and grounds, in the parilh of Wootton, jn .the county of Lincoln.

64.	An Ad for dividing and indofing certain open arable

fields, .moors* and commons, in'the parilhes of	and

Woodall, intbe.county of Lincoln.

65.	An ad for dividing and indofing certain open common fields, anduuinclofed meadows, in the parilh of , in the county of Lntofttr.

66.	.An ad for dividing and indofing the open and common fields, common paftures, common grounds, watte grounds, and commonable lands, within the manor, parilh and liberties of

Sbalftone, in.the county of Buds.

67.	An ad to enable John Fleming efquire, lately called John WiUis, and his iffue, to take and ufe the furname and arms of Fleming only, purfuantto a fettlement made by Richard Fleming efquire, deccafed.

68.	Angdrfor difeharging divers.manors, redory, melTuages,

lands, and hereditaments, part of the eftate of the right honourable	Richard,carl of	Scarborough, by him fettled on his marriage

with the right honourable Barbara countefs of	,	from

the ufcs and trufts of the faid fettlement, and for fettling other manors, lands, and tenements, of greater value, in lieu thereof, to-the like ufes.

69.	An ad for veiling part of the fettled eftates of Sir John Dixon Dyke baronet, lying in the counties of ,Suffix, and

/Cent, in truftees, in trutt to be fold for raifing money to dif-charge a mortgage debt, attesting other parts of the faid fettled eftates.

70.	An ad for vetting divers leafehold houfes, late of Hay* dock Util deccafed, in truttecs, to be fold, and converted into money, to be applied, together with other part of his perfonal eftate, for the benefit of his children intituled to the fame, by

Voi. XXVII,	d	virtu*

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

virtue of his will; and for confirming a fate, leafes, and eon-traft, made by his widow and executrix, of other parts of his eftate, for the benefit of his (aid children.

71.	An aft for fale of the real eftate of Tmkinfon Cooper, and Ann his wife, and for laying out the money, arifing from fuch fale, in the purchafe of other lands, and hereditaments, for the benefit of the faid Tomkinfon Cooper, and Ann his wife.

72.	An aft for vetting divers lands and hereditaments in the parUh of Hilborougb, in the county of Norfolk, the eftate of Deborah Buntings the widow and relift of Edward Bunting clerk, deceafed, and Edward Bunting her infant fon, by the faid Edward Bunting clerk, in truftees, to convey the 4ame to Ralph Cauldwell efquire, and his heirs, and for fecuring the money to be paid , for the fame.

73.	An aft for fale of part of the fettled ettates of Matthew Henry Wttham efquire, in the county of York, for the difcharg-ing the debts and incumbrances thereon, and for other purpo-fes therein exprefled.

74.	An aft to impower the high court of Chancery, to Order fo much of the peribnal eftate of George Mtnchin deceafed, as i)Ow ftands in the name of the accountant general of the faid court to be transferred and paid to Paul Mtnchin and Henrietta Minikin, the only children of the faid George Mtnchin, without their giving any fecurity to refund the fame;

75.	An aft for vetting an undivided third part of certain manors, mefiuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, fitu-ate and being in the city of London and in the counties of Oxford and Bucks, heretofore the eftate of Sufannah Letten widow, deceafed, in certain truftees, and their heirs, in truft, to be fold; and for paying and applying the money, to arife by the fale thereof, in the manner therein mentioned.

76.	An aft to impower Richard*Rycroft clerk, and his iflue, claiming under his marriage fettlement, to grant leafes of houfes and grounds, in Clarges Street, in the county of Middlefex.

77.	An aft for vetting feveral undivided moieties, and other parts, (hares, hereditaments, and premises, being part of the eftate of John Bond efquire, and Mary his wife, in truftees, to be fold, difeharged of the ufes of their marriage fettlement, and invefting the money arifing by fuch fale, in the purchafe of other lands, to be fettled to the ufes of the fame fettlement.

78.	An aft for vetting a meftuage, and divers lands, with the appurtenances, in the county of Hertford, part of the eftate comprifed in the marriage fettlement of Fane IViUiam Sharpe efquire, in truftees, to be fold, and for purchafing other lands and tenements, to be fettled to the like ufes.

79.	An aft for carrying into execution certain articles of

agreement, entered into by George Pitt efquire, and his tenants, of the manor of Kingfton, and John Pitt efquire, and by the faid George Pitt, and John Pitt, for the exchange of lands, in Purbeck, in the county of Dorfet.	.*

80. An

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

80.	An aft for exonerating part of the eftate, late of Thomas Bede gentleman, deceafed, charged with an annuity, or clear yearly rent of one hundred pounds, of and from the payment of the faid rent; and for fubftituting and making liable to the payment thereof, other part , of the eftate of the (aid Thomas Bedij of equal value.

81.	An ad for veiling divers mefiuages, lands, and hereditaments, in the county of Norfolk, deviled by the wills of John Woodcock and Mary Platfoot deceafed, in Matthew Pepper Man-Iy, and his heirs; and for fettling other lands and hereditaments, in the liune.county, in lieu thereof, to the ufes therein mentioned.

8a. An aft for fale of divers freehold and copyhold lands and tenements, in the parilh of. Sunbury, in the county of Middle-Jexy and of certain copyhold lands in the parilh of Hampton, in the faid county, part of the eftate of John OJbome deceafed, unto, the right honourable George earl of Pomfrety purfuant to an agreement; and to apply the purchafe-money in difeharging the debts and incumbrances affefting the faid eftate; and for ocher purpofes therein mentioned.

83. An aft to enable his Majefty to grant the inheritance, in fee-ample, of divers manors, lanas, and hereditaments, in the county of York* demifed to Conftantine Phipps efquire, by letters patent, under the feal of his Majefty’s court of Exchequer, unto the (aid Conftantine Phipps^ and Conftantine John PhippSy his eldcft fon, upon a full and adequate confideration to be paid for the fame.

84* An aft for dividing and incloiing the open and common fields, common meadows, common paftures, and wafte grounds, in the manor and parilh of Artbingwortby in the county of Northampton.

85.	An aft for dividing and incloiing the open common, within the manor of Diftington in the county of Cumberland.

86.	An aft for dividing and incloiing the open commons, within the manor of Henfinghamy in the county of Cumberland.

87.	An aft for dividing and incloiing certain open common fields and meadows, in the parifh of Eaft Barkwithy in the county of Lincoln.

88.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the open commons, in the manor of Sbapy in the county of IVeftmortand. .

. v 89. An aft for dividing and incloiing the open commons, in the manor of Reagilly in the county of IVeftmortandI

90* An aft for dividing and inclofing the open fields, meadows, paftures, and wafte grounds, in the parilh of Farndony in the county of Nottingham.

91.	An aft for dividing and inclofing certain lands, grounds, ana commons, in the feveral town (hips of Adling fluty Foderby, gnd Haldenbjy in the weft riding of the county ot York.

92.	An aft for dividing and inclofing the open and common

field*) commonable lands, and wafte* grounds, of and in the parilh of WiUerfey> jit the county of Gumcefter.	..	/

. -	\ .	93-

A TABLE of iheSTATUTES.

.93. An ad for dividing a ad inclofing the common and feve-cal jwofte grounds, within the manor and pari(h of CoftU iky, in.tjhe county ofiCumberland.

.94. An ad for dividing and inclofing .the common, and feve-dod .wide grounds, within .the .manor and pari(h.of tar, in the county of Cumberland.

95. An ad for naturalizing Jvbn and Geerge Wolf.

.96. An ad for naturalising	XS

,07. An ad for vetting fevers! lands and tenements, fettled and emailed .upon William earl of Radnor, and his Hfiie, by .the wills of Jacob., late vifoount	F .and Sir Edward Dtf

Btuverie baronet, deceafed, in truftees, to be fold; and for ipurchafing and fettling other lands and hereditaments in lieu .thereof; and to importer the .tenants for life to make fuch feats os arc therein mentioned.

98. An ad for confirming a partition between-the reverend Erafimu SoundersAo&atin divinity, and Mary hie wife, and jBatmul Roycroft, the younger, efquire, and Ann his wife, offc-ateral ettates in the county of Linco, and -for vetting and fettling the fame, to the ufes, and on the trails, contained in their rel-pedive marriage fettlements, with .refpcd -to fuck eftate*; and far .other the purpofes thtrain mentioned.

09. Anad for vetting the undivided .parte of fevend manors, -mettuages, doles, lands, .tenements, tolls, and other hereditaments, in the counties of Leieo/ier and Northampton, dcvifed by Ahewillaf John Coganifurgeon,,daceafed, in.truftees, to be fold; and for applying the money arifing by fuch fale, in the purchafe .«f other lanaa, tenements, and hereditaments, to be fettled to .the ufes contained,in thefoidwill,

too. An ad for vetting part of the fettled eftate of WiUiamfonefquire, in truttees, to be fold; and for applying-the money arifing by fuch fale, for mmburfing the laid Richard WUliamfon the ex peaces be has .been at in improving the bid eftate, and other purpofes therein mentioned.

101.	An ad for vetting part .of the fettled -eftate of

Booth efquire, and Jane his wife, in the county of Salop, in ' Aruftees, to be fold; and for laying out .the money arifing -from fuch fale, in the purchafe of lands and hereditaments, to be Cat-.tied to the like ufes.

102.	An ad for vetting part of the fettled eftate of William

ido/kins efquire, deceafed, in the countiesof	and Kent,

in truftees, to be fold, for.diiicharging money-due upon a mortgage of his eftate in Kent, .tailed HrtbtndenFarm, and other debts and incumbrances; and for fettling the faid eftate called Httbendtn Farm fo difincumbered, to and for the ufes and pur-ipofcs therein mentioned.

103.	An ad for fale of divers mettuages, forms, lands, and tenements, in the county of Effix, intailed -by the will of doctor ■9ohnBomber deceafed ; and for laying ent-the money -arifing .by fuch foie, - ip the purchafe of other lands and hereditaments, to be fettled, in Jicu thereof; (o thplike ufea.

An

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

•	104.	Ail	ad for vefting divers lands and hereditaments, in

the counties of Suffix, Surry, and , part of the fettled eft ate of John Wider efquire, in him, his heirs, executors, and ad-miniftrators; and for fettling the manor of , alias Knapp* and divers lands and hereditaments, in the county of Suffix* being the eftate of the faid John W, of greater value, in lieu thereof.

105.	Ah a<ft for vefting part of the fettled eftates of William Poyntz efquire, in truftees, to be fold, for difcharging the incumbrances aneding the fame; and for applying the remainder of the money thereby raifed, in the purchafe of other lands, tenements, and hereditaments, to be fettled to the ufes to which the faid eftates ftood fettled; and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

106.	An ad for vefting the fettled eftates of Sufanna widow, in the counties of Kent and Stiffen, in truftees, to ba fold ; and for fecuring the monies, to be paid for the fame, upon the trails, and for the purpofes in the ad mentioned.

107.	An ad for dividing and indofing a parcel of ground,

called Broyle Park, within the manor of	in	the	county

of Sujfftx.

108.	An ad for dividing and indofing the open and common fidds, common meadows, and other commonable lands and grounds, in the parifh of Scamblesby, in the county of

109.	An ad for dividing, allotting, and indofing, the whole year lands and pafture grounds, half year inclofures, common fields, and common or heath ground, in the parifh of Sbern-bom, in the county of Norfolk.

no. An ad for dividing and indofing the feveral open and common fidds, common meadows, paitures, and commons, within the manor and lordfhip or parifh of Great	,	in

the county of Northampton.

in. An ad for indofing a piece of wafte ground, in the borough and townfhip of Kirby io Kendal, for the benefit of the poor; and for deanfing and enlightening the ftreets of the faid town; and for confirming a rule or order of aflife, and order of the high court of Chancery, relating to the rates and aflefiments to be raifed for relief of the poor, by the inhabitants of the faid townfhip, and the owners of lands called the Park and Caftle Lands.

112.	An ad for dividing a certain fen, called The Haute Hun-Ire, Eight Hundred or Holland Fen, and certain other common-able places adjoining thereto, in the parts of Holland, in the county of Lincoln.

113.	An ad to amend, and render more effedual, fo much of an ad, made in the thirty firft year of the reign of his late Majefty, as relates to the draining and working certain coal mines, in the manor of Wilnecote, in the county of Warwick.

114.	An ad to enable Jofeph Copley efquire, (lately called Jo-

V01, XXVII.	c	J«*h

A TABLE of thtf STATUTES. *

fipb Mtjlt) and his UTue, to take* and bear* the furname and arms of Cepky, purfuant to the will of Lionet Cepkj cfquire, deaeafed.

115.	An id for Naturalizing Himtieyman. xxo. An ad for vefting'part of the cfatoe of duke of Sahtf	Allans,.in trailers, tor raifing money to pay debts} and for

Other pnrptifes therein mentioned.

117. An ad for natundlziog Sophia Magtakn Lrnatk, an infant.

The End of the TABLE

THE

Statutes at large.

Anno feptimo Georgi i III. Regis,

Being the SIXTH Seflion of the Twelfth Parliament of Great Britain.

by

DANBY PICKERING, of Gray’s Inn, Efq*

.r

. *

I

.3

THE

STATUTES at Large, &c.

Anno Regni G E O R G11 III. Regis

Magna Britannia,	,	& Hibernia,

fexto.

AT	the parliament begun and holden at Weft-

minfter, the nineteenth day of May, Anno Domini	onethoufand	jeven hundred and one,

in the firft year of the reign of our	Lord

GEORGE the Third, by the grace of GOD, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, defender of the faith, &c. Andfrom thence continued by feveral prorogations to the feventeenth day of December, one thoufand /even hundred and five,

- being the fifth fejfion of the twelfth parliament of ‘ Great Britain.

CAP. I.

An	aft to continue an aft made in the	fejjion of parliament,

intituled,An a£t for importation of falted beef, pork, bacon, and butter, from Ireland, for a limited time.

WHEREAS an att of parliament in the fifth year of Preamble, re« the reign of his prefent Majtfiy,intituled. An ad for im- citing aft j portation of faltea beef, pork, bacon, and butter, from Ireland,Ge^ J- «• *• for a limited time; which was to continue in force for twelve months from the	hmmencement thereof, is near expiring: and where-

as the allowing the importation of Jolted beef, pork, bacon, and butter'from Ireland, for a further time, may be of great advantage to both kingdoms; may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enaded ; and lie it enabled by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afiem-blcd, and by the authority of the fame. That the faid ad, and The recited all and every the daufes, proviiions, penalties, forfeitures, al- aft further lowances, drawbacks, matters, and things therein contained, COptJ,noe< *® (hall be further continued from-the expiration thereof, until the * 9 "17 7* firft day of February, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty ieven,

\Vot. XXVII.	B	»

Anno fexto Georgii III. c. 2.	[ 1765.

ms fully and effectually, to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame were inferted and re-enaCted in the body of this prefent act.

CAP. II.

An aft for continuing and granting to his Majefty certain duties open tnalt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the fervice of the year one tboufind leven hundred and fixty fix.

Preamble. Malt aft of i George 3. further continued to *4 Tune, 1767. Malt in Scotland to pay 3d. per buihel. Mum so t. per barrel. Cyder and perry made for fate, 4 s. per hog (he ad. How thefe duties are to be raifed, «c. 10,0001. to be raifed in Scotland. Surplus to be added to the fisheries, Sec. This aft to relate to the fame day and time as the aft 1 Qte. 3. did. Malt brought from Scotland by fea* to be entered at the port of landing: Brought by land, to be entered at Berwick or Cartide. Cyder for dHulling not chargeable. Diftillerto give notice to officer when he diftils cyder. Allowances for exportation of malt. 1 W. &M. On certificate of malt being exported, and fccurity, allowance to be paid. Penalty on relandhig. Malt deeping for exportation to be kept feparate till meafured. Malfters te give notice to offioers, dec. Penalty on opening tbe locks, &c. Matters, on 14 June, 1766, to dear out of their waiehoufes all malt within fiftecs j months. Aud fo all future malfters. Claufes in aft 11 Annas, & 6Geo t. ; 5 s. per buihel penalty on all corn keeping, or fteeped for malt, which (bail ] be found in the cillern or couch, fo hard and compaft as it could not be, unlefs the fame had been forced together to prevent the riling, tool, pe- 1 nalty on fraudulently conveying from the ciftern, any keeping of corn, and I mixing the'fame with other corn charged with the auty in tne couch ; or 1 fraudulently conveying the fame away, fo that no gauge of fuch corn cao ( be taken in the couch. Penalties how to be recovered Buyers of cyder or perry for their private ufe, not to be charged. Perfons felling lefs than so gallons to be deemed retailers. Claufe of loan at 3 1. per cent. Tallies of . Joan to be ftruft, &c. Orders regiftered and paid in coarfc. No fee for re-gittering, &c. Penalty for undue preference. No undue preference what tallies are dated or brought the fame day : nor if fubtequent orders be paid before foch as were not demanded incourfe. Orders amgnable. Com* mifiioners of the treafury impowered to prepare any number of exchequer bills of one common fuiti, or different fums, in the principal monies. Bills ! to bear intereft at 3 1 per cent, per ann. Thefe bills to be numbered arith- : metically, Trealury to direft the courfe of payment for loans or exchequer bills, and to appoint cheques. Scc. The bills to be placed as oath in the exchequer, and to be i(Tushie thereout in common with other monies, and 1 to be cut rent in the revenue. Receivers to exchange bills for ready money. ! Tallies to be levied for bills lent into the exchequer. Intereft so continue a till payment. Intereft to ceafe whilft the bills are in the hands of roceiven, &c Bills paid to receivers, &c. to befigned and dated. Intereft to be allowed to the faid days. The bills may be reiilhed, both for principal attd intereft. Receivers to keep a book. Bills filled up by indorsements, or defaced, to be exchanged. Bids not exceeding coool. each, to be made forth at the exchequer. Forging exchequer bills felony. How the monies anting by this aft (hall beapfdied. Trealury on 19 Sept. 1767, to take an account of all monies railed and difeharged. Unfatisned monies to be paid out Of the next aid, or out of the finking fund. Com mifiioners to appoint per-fens to pay oft principal fumi, which (hall from time to time be in comb 1 of payment upon exchequer bills. Money, as brought in, to be paid to ! the paymafters. Bills to be regiftered in courfe. when intereft to ceafe. j Pay matters liable to the controul of the treafury. Treafury to fettle fahiriet I of clerks, &c and to contraft with per Cons to circulate bills, tiro. Con- { i raftors not difabled from being members of parliament: May lower CC raife the intereft with confent of treafury. Contraftors how to be furidt j Nq fee to be taken. No intereft for lefs than one penny. Charges to be , .paid out of the linking fund : to be replaced out of the tint fupplies. Claiftb of relief for bills loft or deftroyed. Bills difeharged to be cancelled. Sink* i ing tuod appropriated to discharge national debts incurred before #5 Dec, ]

$

1765. ]	Anno fexto GeoRgii III. C. 3,4,5.

1716. Deficiency of malt tax 4 Geo. 3. how to be (upplied. Arrears pf former duties to be applied in aid of the fupplies granted for the year

1766.

CAP. III.

An aSl	for allowing tbe importation of corn and from

bis	Majefty's colonies	in America, into this	for

a limited	time, free of duty.

IX7HEREA3 tbe importation of corn and grain, from his	Preamble*

~~ jtfly's colonies in America into Great Britain, will vantageous to thefe kingdoms', may it therefore pleafe your moil Excellent Majefty, that it may be enaAed, and be it enaAed by he King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and onfentof the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this ircfcnt parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame,

Pbat it ihall and may be lawful to and for any of his Majefty’s Libertygrant-iibjeAs to import into Great Britain, in any (hip or veflel navi- ed to import ?ted according to law, at any time or times before the twenty com andwmm linth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty [eft/,colonies ix, any com or grain (rice excepted) from any of his Majefty’s Sn America at atonies in America, without the payment of any fubfidy, cu- any time beam, duty, or impofition whatfoever; any thing in any former torf, r other aA or aAs of parliament to the contrary thereof in any fr7w/ u rile notwithftanding.

CAP. IV.

fa alt for allowing tbe importation of oats and oatmeal into

this kingdom for a limited timeduty-free. [XT HE REAS the importation of oats and oatmeal into this prcambl*^

VV	kingdom, for a limited time, dutyfreewould be an

!t* to bis Majefty's fubjefls; may it therefore pleafe your moft tcellent Majefty, that it may be enaAed; and be it enaAed fthe King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice id confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, i this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of ic fame. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for any of bis Liberty given lajefty’s fubjeAs to import into Great	, in any (hip or10 import oats

rflel navigated according to law, at any, time or times before anytime be-1 le twenty ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred fom 19 Sept." id fixty fixj unleis a fhorter term Ihall be fixed for that pur- 1766. duty-aft by any aA to be palled in this feflion of parliament, any ffee > oantity of oats or oatmeal, without the payment of any fub- term be fixed <y, cuftom, duty, or impofition whatfoever; any thing in any by any future inner or other act or aAs of parliament to the contrary thereof aft of this 1 any wife notwithftanding.	feffion.

CAP. V.

Si	08to prohibit the exportation of com, grain,

four.,bread,	bifeuit, and	Jlarch, for a limited time.

XT HERE AS the exportation of any fort of grain, , Preamble,

Mr meal, flour, bread, bifeuit, and Jlarch out of the kingdoms ' Great Britain or Ireland, may at	this time be greatly prejudicial

B 2	to

Anno fextoGEORGii III. c.5.	[x765.

to his M'jjcfly's fubjctls; be it therefore enabled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament atlembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the palling of this a6t, no perfon or perfons what-foever, at any time or times before the twenty fixth day of Au-gujl, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty fix, fliall directly or indirectly export, tranfport, carry, or convey, or caufe or procure to be exported, tranfported, carried or conveyed, out of or from the faid kingdoms of Great Britain or Ireland, or load (Sr lay on board, or caufe or procure to be laden or laid on board. Great Britain in any fhip or other veflel, or boat, in order to be exported or or Ireland, at carrjed out of the faid kingdoms of Great Britain or IrelanJt foreAug. anY ^ort com> gra'n> malt, meal, flour, bread, bifeuit, or ,7665	*	(larch,	under	the	penalties	and	forfeitures herein after mention-

ed ; that is to fay, That all the faid commodities that fhall be fo exported, (hipped, or laid on board, or loaded to be exported, (hipped, or carried out, contrary to this aCt, (hall be forfeited ; and that every offender or offenders therein (hall forfeit fuch corn, &c. the fum of twenty (hillings for every bufhel of corn, grain, and nd. per malt, meal, or flour; and twelve pence of lawful money of Great Britain for every pound weight of bread, bifeuit, or (larch, and fo in proportion tor any greater or lefs quantity, which (hall be fo exported, (hipped, or put on board to be exported; and alfo the (hip, boat, or veflel, upon which any of the faid com-furniture, &c. modities (hall be exported, (hipped, or laden to be exported, to^hiTcrown anc* a^ her guns* tackle, apparel, and furniture, (hall be forfeit-the other to * ed ; and one moiety of all the faid penalties and forfeitures fliall be to the King’s majefty, his heirs, and fucceflors, and the other-moiety to him or them that will fue for the fame; and for of-edbya^onot ^ences which (hall be committed in that part of Great Britain debt, &c. in called England, fifeh penalties and forfeitures (hall be recovered by aCtion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at JVeftminJlcr, or before the juftices of aflize, or at the great feflions in TValesy or by information at any general quarter feflions of the peace for the county, city, riding, divifion, or place, where the offence (hall be committea; and in fuch fuit, no cflbin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, (hall be allowed ; and for offences which fhall be committed in that part of Great Britain called Scotland^ by aclion or fummary bill, or information, in the courts of fcllion or exchequer in Scotland; and for offences which fhall be committed in Irelandy in his Majefty’s courts of record in Dublin, or at the general quarter feflions of the peace for the county, city, of place, where the offence (hall be committed; and that themafter and themafter an<* mariners of any fuch fliip, boat, or veflel, wherein any fuck of the veflel offence fliall be committed, knowing fuch offence, and wit-being privy to, tingly and willingly aiding and aflifting thereunto, and beiiUL theief^to be ^lcre°f duly combed in any fuch courts as aforefaid, (hal commuted for be jmprifoned for the fpace of three months, without bail or three month*, mainprise.

II. And

No com, or grain, or o-ther of the commodities here enumerated, to be exported, or laid on board for exportation, from

on forfeiture of the fame, together with 20 s. per bufhel for all

lib# for all fuch bread. Sec. with the velTel, her tackle and

the profecu-tor}

to be recover-

the refpeftive courts here mentioned $

1765.] Anno fexto GeoRGII III. c.5.	5

II. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Officers im-That it (hall and may be lawful to ana for any perfon or perfons, Powere<*. being an officer or officers of the cuftoms, or being lawfully au- o/^h/faid^ thorized in this behalf, by the lord high treafurer of Great Bri- commodities tain, or the commiflioners of. the treal'ury for the time being, by this aft, or or any three or more of them, to take and feizc all fuch of the b/ Proclama« laid commodities not allowed to be exported by this aft, or by	*r

liis Majefty’s royal proclamation, or fuch order of council in prohibited, HJrfuanceof this aft, as he or they (hall happen to find, know, ^« , n difcover, to be laid on board any (hip or other veflel or boat ^“nd iJJen e it fea, or in any port, or in any navigable river or water, to on board any :he intent or purpofe to be exported, tranfported, or conveyed veirel, in or->ut of Great Britain or Ireland, contrary to the true intent of for c*P°r-:his aft, and alfo the (hip, veflel, or boat, in which the fameutloni hall be found, and to bring the faid goods to the King’s ware-loufe or warehoufes belonging to the cuftom-houfe next to the dace where fuch feizures (hall be made, or to fome other fafe dace (where there are no fuch warehoufes) in order to be pro-reeded againft according to law, and in cafe of recovery, to be livided according to the direftions of this aft.

III.	Provided always. That this aft, or any thing herein neceflary pro-rontained, (hall not extend to prohibit the exportation, or car- vifions tor ying oat, of fuch or fo much of the faid commodities, as (hall -JJ1 iVe Kng’s >e neceflary to be carried in any (hip or (hips, or other veflel or 0r merchants refiels, in their refpeftive voyages for the fuftenance, diet, and fervice, upport, of the commanders, maflers, mariners, paflengers, or

xhers, in the fame (hips or veflels only; or for the victualling

providing any of his Majefty’s mips of war, or other for the (hips or veflels in his Majefty’s fervice; or for his Majefty’s ^”c^ed°.rce# forces, forts, or garrifons; any thing herein contained to the ^ * contrary notwithftanding.

IV.	Provided alfo. That this aft, or any thing herein con- aif0 fuch of tdned, (hall not extend to prohibit any perfon or perfons, to the faid com-Ikip or put on board any of the commodities aforefaid, to be

carried coaftwife; that is to fay, from any port, creek, or mem- \q be car-| ber of the kingdoms of Great Britain or Ireland, to any other Hed coaitwife | port, creek, or member of the fame refpeftively, having fuch only; j or the like coaft cocquet or fufferance for that purpofe, and fuch ha*5ng , or the like fufficient fecurity being firft given for the landing and	/“d

| fifchsuging the fame, in fome other port, member, or creek, of curity being * the foid kingdoms, and returning a certificate in fix months, as given for the ; if required by law, in cafes where goods which are liable to pay oue ! dories on exportation, are carried coaftwife from one port °f a^rtffi-" Great Britain to another, and not otherwife.	cate thereof"

V.	Provided alfo. That this aft, or any thing herein con- within fix tained, (hall not extend to any of the faid commodities, which months;

(hall be exported, or (hipped to be exported, out of or from fucbo?tiKffeid Great Britain to Ireland, or from Ireland to Great Britain, or commodities from Great Britain or Ireland to Gibraltar* or Minorca, or unto as thall be ex-

Sof his Majefty^s iflands or colonies in America, that have ported from illy been lupplied with any of the faid commodities from

B 3	GuaCm '

6	Anno	fexto	Georgii	III.	c	5.	[1765.

from Ireland Great Britain or Ireland, for the fuftentation of the inhabitants to'Great Bri- of the fajj	colonies, or dominions, or for the benefit of

tbenU°toGib^ t*lc Britijb fifhery in thofe parts only; fo as the exporter do, before raltar or Mi- the (hipping or laying on board the fame, declare the ifland, colo-norcaj the A- ny, or dominion, iflands, colonies, or dominions, for which the ”Crkanfi£!r commodities are refpedtively defigned, and do become bound ri*Hthere* thew^^ othcr fufficient fecurities, in treble the value thereof, to exporter giv- the commiflioners or chief officer or officers of his Majefty's ?	^	cuftoms belonging to the port or place where the fame (hall be

(hipped or put on board (who hath or have hereby power to

ing fecuruy for the due landing,

and for producing * certificate thereof.

take fuch fecurity in his Majefty’s name, and to his Majefty’s ufe) that fuch commodities (hall not be landed or fold in any parts whatfoever, other than the kingdoms, dominions, iflands, or colonies, for which the fame (hall be fo declared * and that a certificate under the hand and feal of the colle&or, comptroller, or other chief officer of the cuftoms, or if no fuch, or the naval officer, or fome other principal officer of the port where the fame (hall be landed, (hall within the refpedtive times, herein after for that purpofe mentioned, (the dangers of the Teas excepted) be returned to the officers, who took the faid bonds, that the faid commodities have been landed at the port or place for which the fame (hall be fo declared ; and for the taking of fuch fecurity, and giving fuch certificate (which the refpedtive officers are hereby on demand required to give) no fee or reward (hall be demanded or received; and if any officer (hall fuch fecurity, make any falfe certificate of any fuch commodities being fo org-bna landed, fuch officer (hall fprfeitthe fum of two hundred pounds, ettes**1116* anc*	employment,	and	be	incapable	of	ferving	his	Maje-

rant- fly, his heirs, or fucceflors, in any office relating to the cuftoms; [e cer- and if any perfon (hall counterfeit, rafe, or falfify, any fuch certificate, or knowingly publifh any fuch counterfeit, rafed, or falfe certificate, he (nail forfeit tne fum of two. hundred pounds, and fuch certificate (hall be void and of no effeft * which (aid penalties, for offences committed in Great Britain or Ireland, (hall be recovered in the fame courts, and in the fame manner, as the other penalties inflicted by this a& are recoverable ; and for offences committed in the colonies or plantations in America, or other the dominions belonging to the crown of Great Britain in Europe, (hall be recovered in the high court of admiralty, or' thASnsMind m anV othcr chief court of civil or criminal jurifdidtion in fuch the other to refpe&ive colonies, plantations, or dominions; and lhall be the informer, divided into eaual moieties between his Majefty and the infor-Bond to be merj an(j the (aid bond or bonds, if not profccuted within three

withi^tcart years> ^a^ void.

^ VI. Provided alfo, That nothing herein contained (hall ex-/Ufo excepted tend t0 prohibit the exportation of beans to the Britijb forts, ufe of the Bri* ca^^cs> and factories, in Africa, or for the ufe of the (hips tiih forts in trading upon that coaft, that ufually have been fupplied with Africa, or vef- the fame from Great Britain or Ireland \ fo as the like fecurity t^etof** Bivcn ^or cxPortinS thereof, as is required by this adt to ing fecurity *

2

No fee to be taken by the officer taking

officer granting a falfe < tincate, it incapacitated, and forfeits iool.

and perfon counterfeiting, or fhlfify-irig any fuch, forfeits iool. and the certificate void;

17^5-3 A»no fcxto Georoii III. c. 5.	;

be given by perfoos carrying any of the faid commodities to the Britijb colonies in America.

VII.	Provided alio. That nothing herein contained (hall ex- alfo fcch of the tend to prohibit the united company of merchants of England c<Hnmodi-trading to the Eaft Indies, from exporting any of the faid com-

modities to any of their forts, factories, or fetdcmenrs, fortheEaft India fupport of the peribns redding there; fo as the like (ecurity be company to given for the exporting thereof, as is required by this ad to be theirforts, &x. given by perfons carrying any of the faid commodities to the Britijb colonies in America.	^	*

VIII.	Provided alfo. That this ad, or any thipg herein coft- ^ wj,eaf> tained, (hall not extend to any wheat, malt, or barley, to be malt, orbar-tranfported out of or from the port of Southampton only, unto icy* expprted the iflands of Jerfey and Guernfey, or either of them, for the

only ufe of the inhabitants of thofe iflands; fo as the exporter, t{£Pufc ^ tj,e before the lading of fuch wheat, malt, or barley, or laying the inhabitants of fame on board, do become bound with other fufficient (ecurity, J«r*ty and (which the cuftomer or comptroller of the fame port hath hereby ^crafey power to take in his Majefty’s name, and to his Majefly’s ufe>^exporter and for which fecurity no fee or reward (hall be given or taken) giving kauri* that fuch wheat, malt, or barley, (hall be landed in the faidty.&c. . iflands of Jerfey and Guernfey, or one of them (the dangers of feas only excepted) for the ufe of the inhabitants there, and (hall not be landed or fold in any other parts whatfoever, and to return the like certificates of the landing the fame there, as are herein before required on the exportation of the faid commodities to the Britijb colonies in America, and within the time for that purpofe herein after mentioned > and fo as the quantity of wheat, malt, and barley, which at any time or times after the pafling and fo as the of this aft, and before the faid twenty fixth day of Auguft^ one quantity thoufand (even hundred and fixty fix, (hall be (hipped at the ^^quartert faid port for Jerfey and Guernfey, or either of them, as aforefaid, m the whole, doth not exceed in the whole five thoufand quarters; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithflanding.

IX.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid,

That the commiflioners of the cuftoms for the time being (hall,

and they are hereby required to give a full and true account in ftomstolav* writing to both houfes of parliament, at the beginning of the before both next feflion thereof, of all corn, grain, malt, meal, flour, bread, houfes of par-bifeuit, and ftarch, that (hall, before that time, be exported to a™untofthe any place whatfoever, by virtue or in purfuance of any of the quantities of liberties or powers hereby given or granted for that purnofe. corn, &c. exported iii purfuance of the powers here granted.

X.	Provided, That nothing in this aft contained (hall extend Malt declared to any malt declared or made for exportation, and barley fieeped, and made M and entered at the excife office, to be made into malt for expor- exportation, txtionon or beforeth£ pafling of this aft, which (hall be exported1; fteeped^and provided the proprietor or proprietors thereof (hall produce to entered’ to be tbe colleftor or chief officer of the port where fuch malt (hall be made into exported, a certificate or certificates from the officer or officers

srith whom the entry of the com intended to be made into fuch jjjf0 excepted!

B 4	malt* tttv&roxfe

the port of exportation; aHo excepted fuch other of the aforefaid commodities as (hall be cleared out

8	Anno fexto Georgii III. c.	[1765.

being produ- malt for exportation (hall have been made, that the (aid malt ccd thereof was aftually declared or made for exportation, and the faid bar-perofficer^at>" lcy fteeped, and entered at theexcife office, to be made into malt for exportation, on or before the paffing of this a6t; nor to any other of the commodities aforefaid which (hall be cleared out for exportation at any cuftom-houfe within Great Britain, on or before the pafling of this ad; or at any cuftom-houfe in Ireland, on or before the palling of this ad, but that fuch (hips or veffels (hall be permitted to proceed on their voyagaa; any thing herein cleared out contained to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding. thhaft?	XL	Provided	always,	and	be it enaded. That nothing

Rice alio ex- here contained (hall extend to prohibit the exportation of rice cepted. out of this kingdom.

His Majefty XII. Provided always, and be it enaded by the authority impoweredby aforefaid, That in cafe his Majefty, at anytime or times before ^<orderaof>n, t^ie twenty day Augujl> one thoufand feven hundred councilltoper- a°d ^xtY	(*n h*s royal diferetion) judge it to be mod

mit, if he (hall for the benefit and advantage of this kingdom, to permit the judge proper, exportation of corn, grain, malt, meal, flour, bread, bifeuir,

tioVot^^fan(* ^arc^>or any t*iem > r^at ^en fhaiianc* may ^aw“

thcTfaid com- ^t0 ar)d f°rfi>s Majefty, by his royal proclamation or proclamations to be ifliied by and with the advice of his privy council, or by his Majefty’s order in council to be published in the Lon* don Gazette^ixom time to time to permit and fuffer all and every perfon and perfons, natives and foreigners, but not any particular perfon or perfons, at any times or times before the laid twenty fixth day of Augujl, to export or carry out of the kingdoms of Great Britain or Ireland, or out of both or either of tnem, all or any of the commodities aforefaid, to all or any other place or places, and upon or without giving fecurity for the landing thereof in fuch place or places, and returning certificates of fuch landing, as to his Majefty (hall feem meet, and as in fuch proclamation or proclamations, or fuch orders of council to be publilhed in the London Gazette, (hall be exprefled and declared ; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XIII. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That all certificates of the landing and difeharging of the faid commodities to be exported other than coaft-wife, (hall be returned within the refpe&ive times following; that is to fay. Where the bonds are taken in refpe<St of any of the faid commodities to be exported from Great Britain or Ireland to any of the faid colonies or plantations in America, within eighteen calendar months after the date of the faid bonds; and where to Gibraltar or Minorca, within twelve calendar months after the date of fuch bonds; and where to the iflands of Gucrnfcy or Jer/ey, within fix calendar months after the date of fuch bonds; and where from Great Britain to Ireland, or from Ireland to Great Britain^ within fix calendar months after the date of fuch bonds refpeftively.

modifies at any time before the faid «6 AngutL

Times limited for returning certificates.

CAP,

1765.]

9

Anno fcxto Georgii III. c. 6,-7:

CAP. VI.

An ad for extending the provifions of an a£t made in the lafl feflion of parliament, for the more eafy and fpeedy recovery of fmall debts within the hundreds of Blackheath, of Bromley and Beckenham, of Rokefley otherwise Ruxley, and of Little and Leflnefs, in the county of Kent, to the hunched of Wallington in the county of Surrey.

CAP. VII.

An aft to indemnify fucb perfons as have omitted to qualify tbemfelves for offices and employments \ and to indemnify juftices of the peace, deputy lieutenants, and officers of the militia, or others, who have omitted to regifter or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited bylaw, and for giving further time for thofe purpofes ; and to indemnify members and officers in cities, corporations, and borough towns, wbofe admiffions have been omitted to be fiamped according to the feveral afts of parliament now in force fbr that purpofe, or, having been fiamped, have been loft or miflaid, and for allowing them time to provide admiffions duly fiamped.

WHEREAS divers perfons who, on account of their offices, prcambic

places, employments, or profeffions, or any other caufe or citing the tel occafion, ought to have token and fubfcribed the oaths, or the affurance, yeralqualify-refpeftively appointed to be by fuch perfons taken and fubfcribed, in and in£ afts °f by an aft made in the firft year of the reign of his late majejly King George the Firft, of glorious memory, intituled. An ad for the * Geo. i, further fecurity of his Majefty’s perfon and government, and the fucceffion of the crown in the heirs of the late princefs Sophia, being proteftants; and for extinguifhing the hopes of the pretended prince of IVales, and his open and fecret abettors; or to ij Car. i, have qualified themfelves according to an aft made in the thirteenth yjtar of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled. An aft for the well governing and regulating corporations j or to have qualified *5 Car* *» themjclves according to another aft made in the twenty fifth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled. An ad for preventing the dangers which may happen from popifh rccufants, by receiving the facrament of the Lord's Supper according to the ufage of the church ^England, and making and fubferibing the declaration againft tranfubftantiation therein mentioned; or according to another aft made in the thirtieth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, 3oCan *» intituled. An ad for the more effedual preferving the King's perfon and government, by difabling papifts from fitting in either houfe of parliament; or according to another aft made in the eigh- ,gGeo.« teentbyear of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, ’ 1 intituled. An ad to amend and render more effedual an ad pafled in the fifth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, intituled.

An aft for the further qualification ofjuftices of the peace; or according

So another aft made in the fecond year of the reign of his prefent Ma-	*Geo. j« .

fifty, intituled. An ad to explain, amend, and reduce into one

Farther time to 2S Nov. 1766, allowed

10	Anno	fexto	Georgii	III.	a	7.	[1765.

aft of parliament, the feveral laws now in being relating to the raifingand training the militia within that part of Great Britain called England; have, through ignorance of the law, abfence, or fome unavoidable accident, omitted to take and fubfcribe the faid oaths and . ajfuranee, or otherwife to qualify themfelves as aforefauL, within fucb timey and ih fuch manner, as in and by the faid afts refpeftively^ or by any other aft of parliament in that behalf made and provided, is required, whereby they may be in danger of incurring divers penalties and difabilities: For quieting the minds of bis Majejffs fubjefts, and for preventing any inconveniences that might otherwife bappeubymeans of fuch omiffionSi be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent ma-jeuy, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflem-bled, and by the authority of the fame, That all and every perfon or perfons, who fhall, on or before the twenty eighth day of November, one thoufand feven hundred and fixtyfix, take to perfontwho and fubfcribe the faid oaths and aflurance refpeftively, in fuch Cafes wherein by law the faid oaths and aflurance ought to have themfelves, as been taken or fubfcribed, in fuch manner and form, and fuch the faid laws place and places, as are appointed in and by the faid aft made in direft. the firft year of the reign of his faid late majefty King George the Firft, or by any other aft or afts of parliament in that behalf made and provided ; and alfo receive the facramentof the Lord’s Supper, according to the ufage of the church of England, and make and fubfcribe the faid declaration again ft tranfubftantiation, in fuch cafes wherein the faid facrament ought to have been received, and the faid declaration ought to have been made and fubfcribed; and take and fubfcribe the oath direfted by the faid aft made in the eighteenth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, in fuch cafes wherein the faid oath ought to have been taken and fubfcribed, in fuch manner as by the faid aft is direfted; and alfo, being a deputy lieutenant or officer of the militia, (hall, on or before the firft day of Augufl% one thoufand feven hundred and fixty fix, leave his qualification in writing with the clerk of the peace, with whom he is, by the faid aft made in the fecond year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, required to leave the fame; mall be and are hereby indemnified, freed, anddifeharged, from and againft all penalties, forfeitures, incapacities, and difabilities, incurred or to be incurred, for or by reafon of any former ncgleft or omiflion of taking or fubferib-ing the laid oaths or aflurance, or receiving the facrament, or making or fubferibing the faid declarations, or taking and fub-feribing the faid oath, or leaving his qualification in writing with the clerk of the peace refpeftively, according to the above ,	mentioned afts, or any of them, or any other aft or afts, is and

Wn them-' arc anc* ** an<* a(^ua^Y recapacitated ^nd reftored to the gives in man - ftnie ^ate and condition as fuch perfon or perfons were before ner,and with- fuch negleft or omiflion, and fhall be deemed and adjudged tp in the time, have duly qualified him, her, or themfelves, according to the caEdtated^" above-mentioned afts, and every of them; and that all afts and Lodcmni* d°nc or t0 be done ty any perfon or perfon^ or by autbo-

rity

1765.] Anno fcxto Georoii III. c.7.	ii

ricy derived from him, her, or them, are and (hall be of the fame force and validity, as the fame or any of them would have been, if fuch perfon or perfons refpcftively had taken the faid oaths or afiurance, and received the facrament of the Lord’s Supper, and made and fubfcribed the faid declaration, and taken and fubfcribed the faid oath, and left his qualification in writing with the clerk of the peace, according to the direction of the (aid afts, and every of them j and that luch perfon or perfons qualifying themfelves in manner, and within the time, appointed by this aft, (hall be, to all intents and purpofes, as cffeftual, as if fuch perfon or perfons had refpeftively taken the faid oaths and afiurance, and received the facrament, and made and fubfcribed the faid declaration, and taken and fubfcribed the faid oath, and left his qualification in writing with the clerk of the peace within the time, and in the manner, appointed by the feveral afts before mentioned.

II.	Provided always. That this aft, or any thing herein con- oBceo *1-tained, (hall not extend, or be conftrued to extend, to reftore or ready avoid* intitle any perfon or perfons to any office or employment, be- ed by judge* nefice, matter, or thing, whatfoever, already aftually avoided

by judgement of any of his Majefty’s courts of record, already filled up or enjoyed by any other perfon ; but fuch office, em- finned, ployment, benefice, matter, or thing, fo avoided, or filled up and enjoyed, (hall be and remain in and to the perfon or perfons who is or are now intitled to the fame, as if this aft had never been made.

III.	Provided alfo, That this aft, or any thing herein con- Kone indem-

tained, (hall not extend, or be conftrued to extend, to indemnify nified where any perfon againft whom final judgement (hall have been given final judge-in any aftion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his	^ ^ ^

Majefty’s courts of record, for any penalty incurred by having the penalty negleftedtoaualifyhimfelf within the time limhed by law, or any incurred, perfon who (nail have omitted to qualify bimfelf within the time

limited by any aft or afts of parliament made during the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, for indemnifying perfons who have omitted to qualify themfelves for offices and employments.

IV.	And whereas admijjions of divers members and officers of cities, corporations, and borough towns, or the entries of fuch admtjfions in the court books, rolls, or records of fuch cities, corporations, and borough towns, which, by feveral afts of parliament, are direftcd and required to he Jlamped, may not have been provided, or the fame not duly/tamped^ or may have been loft or mijlaid j be it further enafted

by the authority aforefaid, That for the relief of fuch perfons Such perfonf whofe admiffions, or the entries of whofe admilfions as aforefaid, whofe admif-may not have been provided, or not duly (lamped, or where Goni may not 1he fame have been loft or miflaid, it (hall and may be lawful h**e.been to and for fuch perfons, on or before the twenty eighth day of notify November, one thouland (even hundred and fixty fix, to provide, ftarapt, or or caufe to be provided, admiffions, or entries of admiffions as which have afbrefiud, duly (lamped, and fuch perfons fo providing admif-	or

i*	Anno	fexto	Georgii	III.	c.	8.	[1765.

Nov. 1766, to provide, See. the fame j

and they are thereupon m-demnifiedj&c.

Where any Ihall defire to have their ad-mifliom renewed.

a hail is to be fummoned for granting copies, and confirming fuch aduiimons.

fions, or entries ofadmiflionsas aforefaid dulyftamped, are and fcfhall be hereby confirmed and qualified to a<ft as member or members, officer or officers, of fuch cities, corporations, and borough towns refpetftively, to all intents and purpofe9, and fhall and may hold, and enjoy, and execute the fame, or any other office or offices into which he or they hath or have been elefted, not-ivirhftanding his or their omiffion, or the omiffion of any of their predecefTors in fuch cities, corporations, or borough towns, as aforefaid, and fhall be indemnified and difcharged of and from all incapacities, difabilities, forfeitures, penalties, and damages, by reafon of any fuch omiffion, and none of his or their a<fts Ihall be queftioned or avoided by reafon of the fame.

V. Provided always. That when and as often as any member or members, officer or officers, of any city, corporation, or borough town, fhall defire to have his or their admiflions, or the entries of their admifiionSjas aforefaid, renewed or confirmed in manner aforelaid, the mayor or other chief magiftrate of fuch city, corporation, or borough town, fhall, and he is hereby required in every fuch cafe, upon notice given to him by any one or more member or members, officer or officers, of any fuch city, corporation, or borough town refpec-tively, to fummon a hall, common council, or other proper publick meeting, within ten days after fuch notice given to him, for the purpofe of admitting or granting copies, or renewing and confirming the admiflions, or the entries of the admiflions, of fuch perfons as aforefaid.

CAP. VIII.

An aft for punifhing mutiny and defertion ; and for the better payment ef the army and their quarters.

Preamble. Number of forces 17,306, including 1,513 invalids. After 24 March 1766, during the continuance of this aft, every officer and private man, who fhall mutiny or defert, Sec. or lift in any other regiment, &c. or fhall be found fleeping on, or fhall defert, bispoft, or hold illegal cor-refpondence with the enemies of his Majelty, or mall ftrike, or difobey his Ibperior officerj fhall fuffer death or fuch punifhment as a court-martial Ihall inflift. The King may grant a com million to hold a court-martial. Sec. Courts-martial may inflict corporal punifhment for immoralities, &c. General court martial not to confift of lefs than 13 ; and the prefident to be a field officer, or officer next in feniority, not under the degree of a captain. May adminifter an oath to witneffes. Officers to be fworn. The oath. The oath. The judge advocate to be fworn. Theoath. Infentences or death, nine officers to concur, &c. Hours of trial. Deferter may be adjudged to ferve in any corps abroad for life, or a term of years } but returning without leave before expiration of fuch term, he fhall fuffer death. The party tried, intitled to a copy of the fentence and proceedings of the court-martial. Original proceedings, &c. of courts-martial to be tranf-niitted to the judge advocate general in London, &c. None to be tried a fecond time for the fame offence, except in cafe of appeal. This aft not to exempt foldicrs from ordinary procefs. Penalty on falfe certificates to excufe foldiers from, mutters. Penalty on officers making falfe mutters, &c. Fictitious names allowed by hisMajetty's order upon the mutter-rolls, tor the maintenance of officers widows, not to be conitrued a falfe mutter. Mutter-matter to give notice of mutter to mayor, Sec. Penalty on mutter-i matter neglefting fo to do. Mutter-rolls to be figned by the mayor, Stc. Penalty on perfons offering themfelves to be falfly muttered. Horfes falfly muttered, to be forfeited. See. Forfeiture howto be levied. Officer embezil-military ftores, to be eafhiered, and forfeit ioqI and the damage

to

*fj-]	Anno	fexto	Georgii	III.	c. 8.

> he made good hy (ate of his goods and chattels; for want of diftrefs,

■; per ion to be committed. Application ot the forfeiture. Muiter-ma-rr. arc. taking a mutter, to make oath. The oath. Mutter-rolls, though lnfmitted without the oath indorfed to the paymalters general, to be vouchers to the auditor. Penalty on agent, Sec. detaining officer's or ■tier's pay. Weekly rates. Penalty on agents Ji(obeying of orders. Sur-See. within ten miles of London, &c. to certify who are Tick ; and .mmanding officer, who are employed in railing recruits. Penalty onof-:rr muttering perfons by wrong names. Con (tables, &c. to quarter officers nd men in inns, alchoufes, &c. But in no diitillers houfes, or Ihopkeep-•:*. or in any private houfes. Penalty on conftables, See. quartering fol-in private houles, &c. Penalty on officers quartering foldiers contrary . tuis act, dec. Perfons aggrieved by being quartered on, may complain v any jultices, and be rettcyed. No jultice having any military office, to ye concerned in billeting his foldiers. Officers and loldiers to pay rates or their provifiens. What innholders may allow men quarter'd on them, m'Tead ot me At. Penalty on taking money to excufe any perfon from m-irieriiig. Dragoons, See. and their horfes, to be billeted in the fame Lrafe. Manner of changing men and horfes. Claufe relating to a foldier’s (ettiemeut for his wife and children. Officers, &c. to be quartered in Scot-hnd as the laws in force at the union direft. No paymalter, Sec. to make JiAuctions out of officers or private mens pay. Exceptions. Treafurymay clue out the money due for clothing every two months. Paymalters to dec-jit the off reckonings. Officers to give notice to innkeepers of fubfift-er.re-money in their hands. Rates of fubfiftence to be paid to innkeepers, he. for foldiers quarters. Penalty on officers not paying fubfillcnce-money. L'n nonpayment of quarters, the officer to make up accounts, &c. No cotter in Weftminfter, See. but in the prefence of two or more juftices. Conftabies, See. may billet foldiers In Weftminfter, &c. Petty conftables, he. to quarter foldiers in their refpe&tve divifions. Conftables, &c. to de-iher lifts at quarter feffions, on oath, of inhabitants, and foldiers quartered in their refpeclive divifions ; to be infpefted without fee. Copies of fuch lifts to be wrote by the clerk, at id. per lheet,containing 150 words. Penalty on default. Penalty on giving defective lifts. Howto be levied. This aSt to extend to Jerley. See. Mufter-rolls to be doled on day of mufter, and returned to the paymafter of the forces, &c. Penalty. Juftices may order conftables to provide carriages. Rates for carriages. Penalty on officers forcing waggons to travel more than one day's journey, &c. Penalty on conftables. Sec. negleft. Treafurers of the county to repay the conftables extraordinary charges. The money for thole purpofes how to be railed. No waggon, dec. to carry above 30 hundred weight. Carriages in Scotland bow to oe provided. Soldiers wives, &c. not to be quartered without confcnt. Penalty. Penalty on officers or foldiers deftroying the game. How tbe account of every regiment fliall be kept. Penalty on paymalters, hue. Penalty on colonels. Non-commiffion officer embezziling lokliers pay. Sec- to be reduced, &c. Juftices may commit deferters. Reward for taking up deferters. Penalty on perfons concealing deferters, or buying their arms, clothes. Sec. Penalty on officer breaking open houfe without warrant. Hit Majefty impowered to make articles of war. None to be adjudged of life or limb, but for crimes exprefled to be fo punilhable by this aft. Deferters beyond fea, Sec. may be tried here or in Ireland. This aft to extend to deferters, See. in Ireland, &c- Perfons acquitted by the civil magiftrate, may only be caftiiered by a court-martial. Per Ions at-cafcd of capital crimes, Sec. to be delivered over to the civil magiftrate, Joe. Payvnafiers, Sec. to account with executors. Perfons fued may plead the general iflue. Treble cofts. All fuits to be brought in fume of the courts of record at WeAtninfler or Dublin, or the court of feffion in Scotland. Continuance of this aft. Penalties againft the aft 1 George j. where to be filed for. No volunteer liable to procefs, unlcfs for fome criminal ■otter, or unlefs for a real debt of the value of 101. Oath of the debt to ht made before a judge, and a memorandum thereof marked on the back of tbe procefs. Plaintiff may file a common appearance. Penalty on taking ■ouey to excufe any perfon from quartering ; or victuallers refuting to quarter JbJdiers. Juftices may order'con fables to give an account of the

number

Anno fexto Georgji III. c. 9.	[1765.

jnimber of foldiers quartered, &c. How the troops are to pay in pafflng over ferries in Scotland. Claufe for relief of perfons haftily lifting them-felves. Perfons refilling the laid relief, to be proceeded againft as if duly lifted. Offences againft former mutiny ads punifhable by this ad. Norte liable to be tried or punifhed for offences againft former ads unlefs committed within three years ; except for defertion. Officers, Sec. of the trains of artilleiy fubjed to this ad. American troops, ading in conjundion with Britiih forces, liable to the fame martial laws. Officers and foldiers of the American troops fent over to Great Britain, to be quartered and billeted as the Britifh forces, and under the fame regulations and penalties. Where any corps beyond Teas fhall be relieved in order to return home, fuch of the men as fhall choofe may be inlifted, and incorporated with thofe appointed to remain ; the occafion of quitting fuch former corps to be recited in the inlifting certificate. This ad not to extend to the militia farther than is direfted by the militia laws. As often as it fhall be ne-ceflary, officers of tbc land and marine forces may fit in conjundion upon courts-martial ; taking rank according to the feniority of their commiffiont

CAP. IX.

An ad for granting an aid to his Majefty by a land tax to be raifed in - Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and fixty fix.

Preamble. 1,037,814!. 15s. and nd. to be raifed in Great Britain. 1,989,1701. 14s. and 9 d. to be raifed in England, in one year, from 15 Mir. 1766. Perfonal eftates (except defperate debts, flock on land, boufhold goods and loans to his Majefty) to pay 48. in the pound. Employments of profit (except military officers of the army or navy) to pay 4s. per pound* Penfions and annuities out of the exchequer, Sec. to pay. See. Lands, tenements, mines. See. to be charged with equality and indifference. Sec. Lands, Sec. fubjeft to rent-charges, annuities. Sec. Commiffioners of the land tax for the year 1761, to put this aft in execution. Commiffioners to meet on or before the 30th of April, 1766, as by the aft 4 W. Se M. and may fubdivide themfelves, Sec. A lift of the commiffioners to aft in each divifion, to be given to the receiver-general. Commiffioners to fummon fit perfons to be affeffors, who are to appear before them in 8 days5 and then to give them a charge. Perfons ablcnting, or refufing to ferve, forfeit, not exceeding 51, nor lets than 40 s. Affeffors to be two at leaft, and flifficient inhabitants. Afleflinents to be brought in at a day and place pre-fixt. The full fum charged to be affeffed. A certificate of the affefTment to be brought in, with the colleftors names. Affeffors, Sec. neglefting their duty, to be fined not above 401. Affeffors to deliver one copy of the afleflinents to the commiffioners. Duplicates thereof to be figned, Sec. and one delivered to the colleftors, Sec. with warrant for collefting. Commiffioners required to give colleftors notice at what time and place the appeal of any perfon who fhall think hhnfelf aggrieved, by being over-rated, may be heard and determined. A duplicate in parchment to be delivered, together with the names of the affeffors and colleftors to the receiver general; and one to the remembrancer's office, by 8 Aug. 1766, or %o days after (all appeals firft determined.) Remembrancer to give receipts gratis on penalty of 101. The rates, to be levied on the parties orpremifles, and to be paid to the receivers-gcneral. Sec. The money colleoed to be paid to the receiver-general, or deputies $ and they to give commiffioners notice. Colleftors not obliged to travel above 10 miles. Removal or death of receiver-general to be notify'd to the commiffioners. 497,467!. 13*. and 8d. 1 q. for the firft quarterly payment, to be paid to the receivers by 04 June, 1766. The fecond payment by 19 Sept. 1766. The third payment by *$ Dec. 1766. The laft payment by 05March, 1767. Receiver-general within a month after receiving the full fum charged, to give the commifi-iioners a receipt: which (hall he a full difhharge for payment. Receivers* general within xo days to pay the monies into the exchequer. Receiver-general allowed id. in the pound. Colleftors to have 3d. 19 the pound* Commiffioners clerks to have three halfpence in the pound. Colleftors may levy by diftrefs in cafe of refuial of payment. Diftrefs to be kept . four days at the owner's chargej then appraifcd and fold, and overplus

returned.

1765*3 Anno facto Georgii.III. c 9-

returned, Sec. Commiflioners to determine differences about diftrefc. For want of diftrefs, offender may be committed. (Except a peer or a peerefs of Great Britain.) Tenants to pay the tax, and deduCt to ruucb out of the rents. Tenants difcharged for what they fo pay. Commiflioners to fettle differences between landlord and tenant. Commiflioners to caufe all deficiencies to be re afleffed, and made good. Afleflor refufing to ferve, to forfeit, not exceeding 401. Fine not to be difcharged but by comroiffion-ers who impoted it 5 and levied by diftrefs or impnfoninent, and paid into the exchequer, and inferted in the duplicates. Collectors detaining the money, to be imprifoned, their eftates feized and fold, &c. Coramif-(ioners to examine whether the Turns aflefled be duly collected, Sec. In cafe of controverfies in aflefling commiflioners, the Commiflioners concerned to withdraw. In default to be fined, not above so I. No privileged place or perfon exempt from this tax. Fee-farm rents, &c, to be taxed. Tenants to pay the rates. Colleges, &c. in the univeilitics, Sec. not chargeable : nor the lioules or lands which before the 15th of March, 1693, did belong to Chrift's Hofpital, &c. Nor corporation of clergymens Tons, Bromley college, or any otoer hofpitals. No tenants of hofpitals, Uc. to claim any exemption. Such tenants not difcharged, who by Icafes are obliged to pay taxes. Commiflioners to determine now far lands, &c. belonging to hofpitals, Sec. not exempted by name, ought to he charged.

All holpitals lands, Sec. aflefled by 4 W. & M. liable to this aid, and no other. Receivers of fee-farm rents, &c. to allow 48. per pound to the parties, without fee, on penalty of *01. Auditors, &c. fetting tenants tmfaptr for what ought to be allowed, or refufing allowance, to forfeit 100I. Such fee-farm rents only to have an allowance of 4s. per pound, as are anfwerable to the crown, or were purchafed according to is Se Car. 1. The owners to allow the fame to the party paying. Lifts of penhons, Scc9 to be delivered gratis to the afleflors. Taxes on penflons, See. not paid, to be ftopt in tne exchequer. A true account to be kept of the money ftopt. Perfons to be taxed in the parifh where they dwell. No provifo to leifen the full fum by this aft to be levied. Contracts between landlord and tenant, touching taxes, not to be avoided. All places to pay where ufually aflefled. Weft Barnfield to be aflefled in the lathe of Skray, Com* Kent'. Northmore, Com* Oxon. in Bampton. Charlbury, Scc. in Chadl'ing-ton. Leeds, Com* Ebor. in Shyrack. Omberfley, Com* Worcefter, in in Ofwaldflow hundred. Aldemafton, in Ofwaldllow hundred. Parifli of Yanlley, in Halfshire hoodied. Foreft of Chute, where the firft 4 s. aid was aflefled- Upton, in Perfhore hundred. Calder and Ayre, at Wakefield and Leeds. Inhabitants of apar:ments, See. in Somerfet Houfe, to be aflefled in the fame proportion with tbofe in Lancafter liberty. General jflue. Treble colts. Where lands, Scc. are unoccupied, and no diftrefs found, collectors may diftrain at any time after. Wood may be cut down, and fold for diftrefs. (Timber trees excepted) Tithes, tolls, See. not paid within 6 days after demand. Sec. may be feized and fold. Receiver-general returning perfons who have paid the tax, to be in arrear, forfeits treble damages to the party grieved, and to his Majefty double the Turn To returned. Commiflioners to aflefs the afleflors. None compelled to be af* ftflbn out of the funks of the city, See. Afleflments on foreign minifters houfes to be paid by the landlords. In places extraparochial commiflioners to nominate afleflors and collectors. Sec. No commiflioner, &c. liable to any other penalties than fuch as are inflicted by this aCt. Commiflioners not to aft without taking the oaths by 1 Geo. 1. Sec. ACting before oaths taken, forfeit *00 I. Officers to pay where employed, &c. Officers in Chancery to be aflefled in the rolls liberty. Annuities where rated. Penflons where payable. Per Tonal eftates, where perfons refident, Sic. Perfons not boofholders, where refident. Abfent perfons to be rated where they were laft refident. Goods, Sec. to be aflefled where they fhall be. Perfons doubly rated, difcharged on certificate. Not to extend to Scotland, Ireland, Jer-iry, or Guerniey. Perfons avoiding the tax, charged treble. Houfholdera to give an account of their lodgers, on forfeiture of $1. Shares in the New River, Sec. to pay 4s. per pound. Shares in the Fire Office, and in (faoLighta, and the King's Pnnting Houfe to pay 4s. per pound. Merchants, bank of England, poft-officc, See. to be paid by the governors. Governors

Itu

Anno fcxto Georgzi III.	[1765.

Sic. of the river-waters, and water-works, refuting to pay the collectors impowered to levy the fum by diltrefs and fale. Pam Its 18 years of age not taking the oaths i W. & M. to pay double: unlefs taken within io days after the commiflioners firft meeting. Perfons 18 years of age refuting the oaths, to pay double. Commiflioners to fumrnon fufpeded perfons. See. Quakers to lubferibe the declaration i W. & M< Commiflioners to double aflefs pa pills, where afleflors omit. Tenants difeharged from double rates. King's Bench, Marflialfea prifon, &c. to be aflefledin Saint George's pa-rilh, See. Officers of the Marfhalfea court refuting to pay. See. collectors by warrant from commiflioners may diflrain. If no goods fufficient, of* ficer to be imprifoned. Fleet prifon to be afleffed in St. Bride's. Officers at Stoke Damrel, near Plymouth, to be aflefled within the town of Plymouth, See. Hofpital at Eait Stonehoufe to be aflefled alfo within the town of Plymouth, See. so I. to be paid out of the fum aflefled on the faid officers, in in aid of the afleflment on Eaft Stonehoufe. Water-works in Southwark to be aflefled in Surrey. Water-works in Weflminfter to be aflefled there. Offices, See in Whitehall and St. James's, to be there aflefled. Collectors of the water-works in Colchefter chargeable. ColleClors for the waterworks in New Windfor, chargeable. Patent officers to bifhopricks to pay where aflefled in 1693. Commiflioners appointed to ad, without fubdivid-ing the pariih of St. Andrew Holbom in Middlefex. The parifh of St. George Hanover Square to be charged with a diftind quota from the parifh of St. Martin in the Fields. Debates ariflng concerning the joint quota $ the commiflioners who are inhabitants of either parifb to withdraw, or to be fined a fum not exceeding sol. The parifhes of St. John, St. Peter, and Berchington, to be charged in Dover liberty, according to the affeff-ment 4 W. & M. Lands not worth sos. per annum, not chargeable. ColleClors keeping monies in their hands, to forfeit 401. Receiver-general mif-applying the monies to forfeit 5001. Commiflioners of the treafury. See, not ro divert the payments into the exchequer. No Noli profequi. Sec. in any fuit againfl this ad. Commiflioners to abate where lands are overcharged, and to re-affefs, See. or raife it on perfons undercharged. Receiver-general anfwerable for deputies. Sub-colleClor not to travel above ten miles, Sec. Receivers not nominating deputies, Sec. to forfeit 100 1. Commiflioners for the county at large may ad for any city, Sec. Mayors, bailiffs, Sec. to ad as commiflioners fpecially appointed. Members of parliament to be taxed at their mantion-houfes. Firft meeting for the weft riding of York at PontefraCl; north riding at Thirfk 5 eaft riding at Beverly. No com mi flioner capable toad in any county at large, unlefs rated at 100I. per ann. (Merioneth, Cardigan, See. excepted.) Commiflioners for Anglcfea, Sec. to aCl, if taxed at 601, per ann. Commiflioners may ad for any city, being inhabitants, or inns of court, Scc. Attornies, &c. not to be commiflioners, without poffefling tool, per ann. No commiffioner of the city of London, or liberty of St. Martin le Grand, to ad, unleft rated at *0 1. per ann. of his own eflate, Sec. No cominiflioner of the city. Sec. of Wcllminller to aCl, unlefs rated at 201, per ann. of hisowneftate. Perfons diftbied, prefuming to ad, to forfeit 501. ColleClors of the new water-works in Exon, chargeable. Her ran jelly the Queen not chargeable $ nor her royal highntls the Princefs dowager of Wales; nor her royal high-nefs the Princefs Amelia. Superannuated fea officers not to pay, Scc. nor poor knights of Windfor. Rd^lentiaries in what cafes not chargeable. Nor 1001. per aim. to the poor clergy of the ifle of Man. Nor pages of honour. Receivers-generaf to give notice of failures in payment of the taxes. Commiflioners for Lincoln to ad in Lincoln Clofe. And for the county, in St. Martin Stamford Baron. Auditor to keep a regifter. Sec. Deputies to pay {or principals, and on nonpayment liable to diftrefs. Receiver-general t6 give a lilt of money received by him, at the time and place appointed. On refufal, to forfeit any fura not exceeding 101. Col-ledors may keep fo much money as any 2 commiflioners judge reafonable. No receiver to return an infuttr upon any county. Sec. after 3 years, for monies in arrear j but the fame to be a debt 011 him and his lecurities* Sheriff, on writs of Diltringas, to return iflbes after the rate of 5I. per cent, of the lum fet infupery and procefs to iflue thereupon, &c. Waterworks in Shrevtfbury chargeable. Who (hall have the benefit only of over-

plug

*7

1765.] Anno fexto Georgii III. c. 10.

plus Turns uncharged. Claufe for the cafe of proteHants, to whom lands, Ac. have come, which have been doubly taxed. Where lands formerly doubly taxed are liable only to a Angle affcflVnent; commiflioners, on complaint, to examine into the truth thereof, and to certify the fame to the barons of the exchequer, before 19 Sept. 1766; who are to difehargt thd overplus before the lalt day of Nov. *766. Certificates of the fumsdif* charged to be produced to the commiflioners at their next meeting. Com* miflioners may fummon collectors, who have converted land tax monies to their own ufe, or their heirs, See. and on examination may iflue their warrants for paying fuch monies to his Majefty's ufe. The payments made according to the commiflioners warrants, Sec. fhall be difeharges to the collectors, or their heirs, Ac. Collectors not paying, may be imprisoned, and their eftates feized and fold. Arrears of former land taxes to be levied by the prefent commiflioners. No receiver-general, or his agents, may (ue the county for a robbery, unlefs the perfons carrying thfc money be 3 in company. Tells or duties on turnpikes not chargeable by this or any former aCt. Commiflioners may, before *9 Sept. 1766, fummon aflef-fors, who have not charged their eftates fince 6 May, 1717, and examine them upon oath, and award (atisfadion, to be levied and paid to the collectors. Commiflioners, Scc. to diftinguifh and fet down the grofs fums aflefled for double taxes, to be tranfmitted in the exchequer. AflefTmenta on the town of Cambridge to be raifed on manors, See. and on fifhings. See. on the river Cain. On whom, and when, yearly afleflments on fairs. Sec. to be collected. Diftrefles on default of payment, how to be levied. Tenants of booths, Sec. to pay the rates, and deduCt them out of their rents. Scc. 47*954-1- is. id. to be raifed in Scotland, by an 8 months cefs of £,9941. <s. 1 d. 3q. per men fern$ to be rated as tne tax roll now h or (hall be fettled by theinlelves. The firft two months cefs to be paid by *4 June, 1766. Second 19 Sept. 1766. Third *5Dec. 1766. Fourth sc March, 1767. Commiflioners for putting this ad in execution in Scotland. And execution to be done as by the faid ads. Firft meeting to be at the head burghs on 30 April, 1766. All daufes in former ads relating to the bringing in the cefs. See. to be in full force. No perfons in Scotland holden to produce their receipts after 3 years. Debtor owing money in Scotland at 6 per cent, to retain a 6th part of 6 per cent, from 11 Nov. 1765, to 11 Nov. 1766. 47,954!. is. scf. to be raifed free of all charges, and to be paid at Edinburgh. No perfon to be a commiflioner of the land tax in Scotland, who is not enfeoft of 1001. Scots per ann. real rent, in tbe county where he ads. Exception. Commiflioners in Scotland to take the oaths, and fbbfcribe tbe aflurance. Provoft, Sec. of any royal borough may ad as a commiflioner. Claufe of loan at 31. 10s. per cent. Tallies of loan tc be ftruck. Sec. Orders to be regiftered and paid in courfe. No fee for regiftering, See. Penalty for undue preference. No undue preference, where tallies are dated or brought the fame day t nor if fuofe-quent orders be paid before fuch as were not demanded in courfe. Orders aflignable. Commiflioners of the treafury impowered to prepare any number of exchequer bills of one common fum, or different films, in theprin-cipal monies. Bills to bear intereft at 31.10 s. per cent, per ann. Theft bills to be numbered arithmetically. Treafury to dired the courfe of payment for loans or exchequer bills, and to appoint cheques, Ac. The Dills to be placed as cafh in the exchequer. Claufes in the malt tax ad relating to exchequer bills, extended to this. How the monies arifing by this act fhall be applied. Treafury on ao Sept. 1767, to take an account of all monies raifed and difeharged. Unsatisfied monies to be paid out of the next aid, or oat of the finking fund. The monies to be replaced out of the firft (applies. Deficiency of tbe land tax, 4 Geo. 3. how to be fupplied.

CAP. X.

An ad for the regulation of his Majefty's marine forces while on (bore. Preamble. After 15 March 1766, during the continuance of this ad, every marine officer and private man on fhore, who fhall mutiny or defert, Ac. or lift in any other regiment, Ac. or (hall be found ileeping on, oY fhall iefert hit poft, or hold illegal correfpondence with the enemies of his Ma-(efty, or (hall ftrike. or difbbey his fuperior officer 1 (hall fuffer death, or fOt. XXVLL	C	fafe

It

Anno fexto Georgii III. c. io. [1765

fuch punifoment as a court-martial fball inflid. The lord high admiral, or commiffioners for executing that office, may grant a commiffion to bold general courts-martial, Sec. Courts-martial may inflid corporal punifoment for immoralities. See. Lords, See. of the admiralty impowered to make articles for punifoment of mutiny and defertion. Sec. and to conftitute courts-martial. None to be adjudged of life or limb, but for crimes ex* prefled to be fo punifoable by this ad. General court-martial not to con-fdt of lefs than 13 ; and the prefident to be a field officer, or officer next in feniority, not under the degree of a captain. May adminiiler an oath to witnefl'es. Officers to be (worn. The oath. The oath. The judge advocate to be (Worn. The oath. In fentencesof death, nineofficers to concur. See. Hours of trial. The party tried, intitled to a copy of the fentencc suid proceedings of the court-martial. Original proceedings. See. of courts-martial, to be tranfmitted to the fecretary of the admiralty, See• None to be tried a fecond time for the fame offence. Sentence not to be nevifed more than once. Defertert beyond fea. Sec. may be tried here or in Ireland. This ad not to exempt any on more from ordinaiy procefs. Per-Tons acquitted by the civil magiftrate, may only be cafhiered by a court-martial. Pcrfons accufed of capital crimes. See. to be delivered over to the civil magiftrate^ &c. Fidi ious names allowed by bisMajefty's order upon the mufter-rolls, for the maintenance of officers widows, not to be con-ftrued a falfe mutter. Pay mailer to pay the full pay of fiich men to the receiver. Con Gables, &c, to quarter officers and men in inns, alehoufes, Sec. But in no diflillers houfes or foopkeepers, or in any private boufes. Penalty on officers quartering private men contraiy to this ad, dec. Perfona aggrieved by being quartered on, may complain to any juftices, and be relieved. Officers and marines to be furniQied at the rates herein fet for their provifions. What innholders may allow men quartered on them, iu-ftead of meat. Penalty on taking money to excufe any perfon from quartering. Commanding officer may exchange marines in their quarters. Con-{tables to billet the fame accordingly. No paymafter. Sec. to make deductions out df officers or private men's pay. Exceptions. Officers to give notice to innkeepers of fubfiitence-money in their hands. Rates of Fob-fiftence to be paid to innkeepers. Sec. for marines quarters. Officers not giving notice of fubiiltence-money, and paying quarters, paymafter to fatisfy them out of the company's next pay, and officers to tie caftiiered. On moving from quarters, the officer to make up accounts, and give certificates for money due, Sec. Paymafter to pay the fura certified ter. Officers, Sec. to be quartered in Scotland, as the laws in force at the union dired. Juftices to order conftables to provide csrriages for the marine forces on their march. Rates for carriages. Penalty on officers forcing waggons to travel more than one day's journey, dec. Penalty on conftables, ficc.-negled. Treafurers of the county to repay the conftables extraordinary charges. The money for thofe purpofes how to be raifed. No waggon, &c. to carry above so hundred weight. Carriages in Scotland how to be provided. Marines wives, Sec. not to be quartered without confent. Penalty. Penalty on officers and marines deftroying the game. Conftables may apprehend defertert and carry them before a juftice. Juftices to commit them, and tranfmit an account to the fecretary of the admiralty. Gaol-keeper to receive the fubfiftence of deferters. Reward for taking up de-ferters. Penalty on perfons concealing deferters, or buying their arms, clothes, Sc c. This ad to extend to deferters, Sec. in Ireland. Continuance of this ad Offences againft former ads may be enquired of and puniftied as under this ad, provided no perfon be liable to be tried for offences committed 3 years before iffuing the warrant for trial | except in cafes of defertion only. No volunteer liable to procefs, unlefs for (bme criminal matter, or unlefs for a real debt of the value of 101. oath of the debt io be made before a judge, and a memorandum thereof marked on the back of * the procefs, otherwife prifoner to be difcharged, with cofts. Plaintiff giving notice, may file a common appearance, and proceed to judgement and execution. Penalty on conftables, Sec. negleding to quarter marines. Penalty on taking money to excufe any perfon from quartering, and on viduallers refuting to receive marines. To prevent abides in quartering, -juftices may order coaftabks to give an account of the number of officer*

gnd

i 765.] Anno lexto Georgii III. c. 11,12.

and private men, and where quartered. Claufe for relief of perfons haftily lilting themfelvfs. As often as it (hall be necefTary, officers of the marine and land forces may fit in conjun&ion upon courts martial $ taking rank according to the leniority of their commifTions. Marine forces being borne as part of the complement of any fhips of war, are liable to be governed by the rules eftablifhed by a St ia Geo. a.

CAP. XI.

An	aS torepeal an aS made in the laft of

intituled,An aft for granting and applying certain ftamp duties, and other duties, in the	colonies

and plantations in America, towards further defraying theexpences of defending, protefting, and fecuringthe fame •, and for amending fuch parts of the feveral afts of parliament relating to the trade and. revenues of the faid colonies and plantations, as di^eft the manner of determining and recovering the penalties and forfeitures therein mentioned.

j

TXTHEREA S an aft was pajftd in the laft fejfton of parlia- Preamble V V mcnty intituled, An ad tor granting and applying certain ftamp duties, and other duties, in the Britijh colonics and.plantations in America,, towards further defraying the expences of defending, protecting, and fccuring the fame; and for amende ing fuch pans of the feveral ads of parliament relating to the trade and revenues of the faid colonies and plantations, as di-reA the manner of determining and recovering the penalties and forfeitures therein mentioned ; And whereas the continuance rf the faid aft would be attended with many inconveniencies, and shay hi produftive of confequences greatly detrimental to the commercial in-terefls ef theje kingdoms; may it therefore pleafe your moft- excellent Majefty, that it may be enaded; and be it enaded by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal^ and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of-the fame. That from and after the flrft day of Mayy one thoufand recited (even hundred and fixty fix, the above-mentioned ad, and the ^ repealed* feveral matters and things therein contained, (hall be,‘and is utakeplace and are hereby repealed and made void to all intents and pur*- from and after pofes whatfoever.	1	May,

CAP. XII.

An aS for the better	fecuring the dependency of bis Majefty's

dominions in America upon the crown and parliament of Great Britain.

WHEREAS feveral of	the boufts	of r his preimye

Majefty'scolonies and plantations in America, have of , •	*

amennft law,	claimed to themfelves,	or to the general of the

fame, the foie and exdujwe right of impofing duties and taxes upon his Majefty'1 fubjeflsin the faid colonies and plantations; /save, juPvfuaua if fuch dam, pajftd certain reflations, and orr

C a	'	4trj,

. ftO

Anno fexto Gborgh III. c. 13.	1	[	1765.

v Itrs, derogatory to the legijlative authority of parliament, and incon-fijlent with the dependency of the faid colonies and plantations upon the

*	crown of Great Britain: may it therefore pleafe your molt ex- ; cellent Majefty, that it may be declared ; and be it declared by j the King’s moil excellent majefty, by and with the advice *nd confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the

The colonies 'I*me, That the faid colonies and plantations in America have 1 and planta- ‘been, are, and of right ought to be, fubordinate unto, andde-tions in Ame .pendent upon the imperial crown and parliament of Great Bri-tain i and that the King’s majefty, by and with the advice and nate unto, and con^ent the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons of dependent Great Britain, in parliament aftembled, had, hath, and of right upon the im- ought to have, full power and authority to make laws and fta-and* arlhu11	Efficient force and validity to bind the colonies and

ment ot Great people of America, fubjeds of the crown of Great Britain, in all Britain; and <cafe$ wharfoever*. -

the legiflative authority of Great Britain declared to extend to, and bind the colonies a n<i people of America, as fubjefts, in all caies what foe ver.

All resolutions’ n. And be it further declared arid enabled by the authority fncs oFthe aforefaid, That all refolutions, votes, orders, and proceedings, faid colonies .in any of the faid colonies or plantations, whereby the power denying, or and authority of the parliament of Great Britain, to make laws calling in	and ftatutes as aforefaid. Is denied, or drawn into queftion, are,

?a!d power	arc	hereby declared to be, utterly null and void tb alT in-

declared null tcnts anc* purpofes whatfoever.

*ndvo,d-	CAP.	XIII.

An aS	to remove a doubt concerning fitch part of an ail made

•	in the laft fejfion of parliament, os relates to the afeertain-

ingof the duties upon the importation of certain linen cloth of the manufaSure of Ruflia; and to obviate all doubts with refpeS to the importation of under certain licences authorized to be granted by an aQ made in the eighteenth year of the reign of his late Majefty.

PmmVe, re- "W THEREAS by an ail made in the laft ftffion of cittng clauf* VV ment, intitules. An adt for the bitter feeuring and fur-in an aft of ther improvement of the revenues of cuftoms, excile, inland, tjvHaR and fait duties ; and for encouraging the linen manufacture of the ifle of Man •, and for .'allowing the importation of feveral goods, the produce 4nd manufa&ure of the laid ifland, under certain reftridtions and regulations; it is amtngjl other things ailed. That from and after the firjl day of June, one theufand feven hundred and ftxty five, the duties payable upon the importation of unrated linen	cloth, of the maseuf of Ruffia,	ceafe and

• ternune\ and that all the provifions and	contained in any former

ait or ails of parliament, fofar as the fame relate to the the value of filth unrated linens, according to the oaths or affirmations of the importers, Jhall be repealed and made void; end that in ■lieu of the faid duties thereby repealed, and after the firft

x 7^5-3 Anno fexto Georgii III. c. 13.	21

of June, out thoufand/even hundred and Jixty five, 0// fa or diaper of Ruffia, not otberwife rated, whtcb Jhall be imported into Great Britain, Jhall be rated to pay the old fubfidy, and all other fubfidies or duties due for the fame, according to the feveral rates and values in the faid recited ail mentioned \ that is to fay, all linen doth and diaper ^Ruffia, not otherwife rated, exceeding thirty one inches and one half of an inch in breadth, and not exceeding forty five inches in breadth, for every one hundred and twenty Englifh ells,

Jix pounds; and for all linen cloth and diaper of Ruffia, not otherwife rated, exceeding forty five inches in breadth for every one hundred and Englifh ells,ten pounds \ and in that proportion for any greater sr lefs quantity of any of the faid goods ; and whereas fever a! quantities of linen cloth and diaper of Ruffia, exceeding twenty two inches and one half of an inch, and not exceeding thirty one inches and one half of an inch in breadth, have, fence the faid firft day of June, one thoufandfeven hundred andfixty five, been imported into Great Britain, which fort of linen formerly paid duty ad valorem; and the fame being omitted to be exprejly rated in the faid recited a ft, doubts have arijen, whether the duties upon fuch linen are to be afeertained according to the former method, by the oath of the importer, or in proportion to the rates affixed by the faid recited aft upon Ruffia linen not otberwife rated, exceeding in breadth thirty one inches and one half of an inch: and whereas the proportion of fuch rates, when applied to Ruffia linen, exceeding twenty two inches and one half of an inch, and under thirty one inches and one halfof an inch in breadth, is four pounds for every one hundred and twenty Englilh ells: now to obviate thofc doubts, and for fupplyingfuch omiffion, may it pleafe your Maiefty that it may be declared and enadted; and be it declared and enadted by the King's mod excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confcnt of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this pcefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That all linen cloth and diaper of Ruffia, RnflSa1^|»r not otherwife rated, exceeding twenty two inches and one half J^c^ande^. of an inch, and not exceeding thirty one inches and one half of ceeding %% an inch in breadth, which have been, or fhall be, imported into i-half inches any port or place within Great Britain, from and after the faid *n breadth, firft day ^f June, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five,

(hall be rated to pay the old fubfidy granted by the a<5t of ton- inches, im-nage and poundage, made in the twelfth year of the reign of ported after King Charles the Second, and all other fubfidies, imports, and 1 June» duties whatfbever, payable for the fame, according to the rate	M hcre

and value of four pounds for every one hundred and twenty Englijh ells of fuch linen, in the fame manner, and by fuch rules, ways and means, as if the fame had been particularly and ex-prefly fo rated and valued in the faid recited alt, made the laft ieffion of parliament 3 any thing therein contained to the con-traiy notwithftanding.	»

. U. Aqd whereas by an aft of parliament made in the twenty eighth AM tl Geo. 1. year of the reigtofbis late majejly King George the Second, intituled.

An adt for making more effectual the laws prohibiting the im-pfWkm oft JpriWOUt.liquors in cafltf or vcffel* not containing I-K ■»■■■ » ... C.3 ■	hxvj

it

Aft tS Geo. i.

The aft of iS Geo.*, declared not intended to prevent the granting licences for the importation of tea troni aey parts of Europe < or to binder any persons, other than the Eaft India company, from duly imparting any quantities of tea, lo as not to exceed the quantities )i-CDifed.

preamble, reciting aft

Anno frxto Georgii III. c. 14.

fixty gallons, and of tea above the quantity of fix pounds, found on board any Britijb fhip or veflel, not belonging to, or employed by, the Eaft India company; netting, amongjl other things, that n 01 wirhfi ending the feyeral proviftons made for prevent-ing frauds, /hips and vejfels arriving from foreign parts frequently had on board tea, which tea was intended to be run on Jbore, with* out payment of the duties thereof; but in order to prevent the feizurt and forfeiture thereof, was brought into port, under pretence that tt was defigntd for exportation, and was frequently reported for exportation to foreign parts, and nevertbelejs was afterwards run on Jbore 5 it was therefore enabled, that from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand fven hundred ana fifty Jive, all tea above the quantity of fix pounds, which Jhould be found in any Britifh Jbip or vcjfel arriving in Great Britain from foreign parts, excepting thoft belonging to, or employed by, the Eaft India company, Jhould bo forfeited and loft, whether fuch tea Jhould be intended or reported for exportation or not: and whereas doubts have arifen, whether the powers contained in an off made in the eighteenth year of his faid late Majefifs reign, intituled. An aft for repealing the prefent inland duty of four (hillings per pound weight upon all tea fold in Great Britain, and for granting to his Majefty certain other inland duties in lieu thereof; and for better fecuring the duty upon tea, and other duties of excite; and for purfuing offenders out of one county into another; to grant licences to any perfon or perfens, body or bodies politick or corporate f other than the Eaft-India company) for the importation of tea into this kingdom from any fart of Europe, were not repealed by the faid aft made in the twenty eighth year of his faid Majejlys reign: now for obviating fuch doubts, be it declared and enafted by the authority aforefaid. That the faid aft, made in the twenty eighth year of his faid lateMajefty's reign, was not intended to extend, and doth not extend, to hinder or prevent the granting of any licence whatfoeveb, for the importation of tea in to this kingdom from anypartsof Europe; in purfuancc of the powers contained in the (aid aft made in the eighteenth year of the reign of his faid late majefty 5 or to hinder or prevent'any perfon or perfons, body or bodies politick or corporate, other than the Eaft India company, from i hi porting any quantities of tea, not exceeding the quantities for vriiich any fuch licence hath been or (hall be granted, in any Britijb fhip whatfoever, navigated according to law, or to make tea fo im-

Sorted liable to forfeiture; any thing in the faid aft notwith* anding.

CAP. XIV.

An aft far repealing the duties granted upon cyder and perry ■ by an all made in the third year of bis prefent Majefifs reign, and for granting other duties on cyder and perry in lieu thereof \ and for more effectually fecuring the duties on cyder and perry impofed by feveral former	■ .. i ; t.

WHEREAS certain duties'cfexcife werthtidoittyder tmdJMJI

by an aft of parliament Made in the third year of his prefent

1765*1 Apno fcxto Georgii III. c. 14.	23

Atajeftfs reigtr,	intituled, An a	A for granting to his Majefty fe-	1 Ge°* !•

veral additional duties upon wines imported into this kingdom, and certain duties upon all cyder and perry; and for railing the fum of three millions five hundred thoufand pounds by way of annuities and lotteries, to be charged on the faid duties; and divers proviftons and direflionSy for and in relation to the managing, fecuringy ajurtaiuingy colleefingy recovering, Uvyingy and payingy the faid duties upon cyder and perry, were enafled by the /aid at7, and by one other at1 of parliament made in the fourth year of the reign of bis prefent Majeftyy intituled, An ad to explain and amend , q luch part of an ad made in the laft feffion of parliament, intitu- an * c * led, An at1 for granting to his Majcfty feveral additional duties upon wines imported into this kingdom, and certain duties upon all cyder and perry; and for raifing the fum of three millions five hundred thoufand pounds by way of annuities and lotterieSy to be charged cn the faid dunesy as relates to cyder and perry made in this kingdom: and whereas great inconveniences have arifen from the manner of laying and collect* ing the J'aid duties: For remedy thereof, and in order to maintain your Majefty’s revenue, and fecure a proper and fufficient fund towards payment of fuch incumbrances as are now charged on thofe and other duties by the faid ad palled in the third year of your Majelly’s reign; we, vour Majefty’s moll loyal and dutiful fubjeds, the commons of Great Britain in parliament aflenri-bled, think it will be for the advantage of the publick to repeal the hid duties on cyder and perry, and, in lieu thereof, to grant unto your Majellv tne feveral duties herein after mentioned; and therefore do molt humbly befeech your Majefty, that it may be enaded; and be it enaded by the King’s moll excellent maje-fly, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament alTembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the fifth pfom ^ ar day of Jufyy one thoufand feven hundred and fixty fix, all tCr5 July, ** the duties granted and impofed upon cyder and perry, by the iy66, thedu-faid ad mule in the third year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, fijTantfd (hall ceafe, determine, and be no longer paid or payable; and that then, and from thenceforth, all the powers and authorities m to ceafe; given and granted, and all the rules and regulations eftablifhed at alfo all the and preferibed by the faid ad made in the third year of his pre- powers and relent Majefty’s reign, for or in relation to the managing, fecuring,	by*

afeertaining, colleding, recovering, levying, and paying, the ^ cm ad/ faid duties, and all penalties and forfeitures in relped thereof, together with and alfo the faid ad made in the fourth year of his prefent Ma-	ad

jetty’s reign, (hall determine, and be no longer put in execution ; of+Geo*3» lave only and except in all cafes relating to the recovering any arrears which may, at that time, remain unpaid of the faid du-	10

ties, or to any penalty or forfeiture which (hall have been in- or penalties curred upon or at anytime before the faid fifth day of July, one incurred be-tboufand feven hundred and fixty fix ; any thing herein con- fore that time, tained to the contrary notwith(landing.

-? IL .And be it further enaded by*thc authority aforefaid. That in lieu of the from and after the feid fifth day fijulyi one thoufand feven fo t*-•	C 4

duties are to take place;

vis. on all

24	Anno	fexto	Georgii	III.	c. 14,	[1765.

following new hundred and fixtv fix, there (hall be raifed, colle&ed, levied, and paid, unt0 anc* *or l^c °f kis	his	heirs,	and fucceC-

“hM *r<*fors, for and upon all cyder and perry which fhall, at any time or times, be imported or brought into the kingdom or Grut Britain, over and above all other cuftoms, fubfidies, and duties; by any alt or alts of parliament, or law whatfoever, impofed upon, or payable for, the fame, the additional rate, or new duty of cxcife, herein after exprefled; that is to fay. For every ton foreign cyder of cyder or perry imported into Gnat Britain from any parts bc-and perry im- yond the fcas, and io proportionably for a greater or letter quan-ported jl. pcrtjty^ to ^ paij by the importer before landing, over and above tun*	all other duties payable for the fame, three pounds.

HI. And be it further enalted by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the faid fifth day of Jufyy one rhoutand (even hundred and (ixty fix, there (hall be raifed, levied, collelted, and paid, unto and for the ufeof his Majcfty, his heirs, and fuccef-and on all cy- f°rs* f°r and upon all cyder and perry, which fhall be made der and perry within the kingdom of Great Britain, over and above all other made in Great duties, charges, and impofitions, by any former all or alls of Britain, and parliament thereupon refpelHvely fet, rated, or impofed, the new duty of cxcife herein after mentioned and exprefled; that is to fay. For ail cyder and perry, which (hall be made in Great Bri+ tainf and fold by retail, upon every hogfhead, to be paid by the retailer thereof, over and above all other duties payable on the fame, and (6 proportionably for a greater or lets meafure, fix (hillings.

IV.	And be it further enalted by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the faid fifth day of July, one thoufand fc*-

perry made in ven hundred and fixty fix, there (hall be raifed, levied, collelted, Cr*at Ullj anc* paid, unto and for the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs, and to any fa§or fucccff°rs» for and upon all cyder and perry, which (hall be for tile, made in Great Britain, upon every hogfhead thereof, which (hall be Tent or coniigned to any faltor or agent who (hall receive 16s. Sd. per the fame to fell or difpofe of, and fo proportionably for a greater be^id b^he01^ cluant*ty’ fi*tecn (hillings and eight pence, to be paid by fa&or	fuch fa It or or-agent.

V.	And it is hereby further enalted and declared by the au-AI1 perfonire- thority aforefaid, That all and every perfon and perfons who ceiving any (hall receive into his, her, or their cuftody or poflefiton any cyder

into^theirco^or	t0 hy him, her, or them, fold ordifpofed of, (hall

ftody, for fide, he deemed to be, and is and are hereby declared to be, a faltor are deemed * or agent, faltors or agents, within the intent of the lad men-fa&ort, and tioned c la ufe, and chargeable as fuch with the faid duty of fix-C^tKtaWf#d tccn Shillings and eight pence per hogfhead; unlefs he, (he, or duty; C U they, fo receiving the lame, (hall and do make due proof that unlefs the fame fuch cyder or perry was made from fruit of his, her, or their own was made growth refpcftively, and not from bought fruit; or unlefs it th°ir frUit °f ■ ^ aPPcar h)f a certificate under the hand of the proper office* growth"*1 or °fficcrs of cxcife, accompanying the faid cyder or perry, that or were other- the duties impofed by this and all former alt or alts of pariia-wife duly ment now in fojee had been charged on the^fiune. chv&-	VI.	Pro,

fold by retail, 6s. per hogfhead,

to be paid by the retailer;

and on all cyder and

1765.] Anno fezto Georgii III. c. 14.	25

VI.	Provided always. That in cafe any cyder or perry (hall Wbert it thill be received by any factor or agent, dealer or retailer, for which

it (hall appear by a proper certificate that all or any part of the have before duties, impofed by this or any former a<Sl or alts of parliament, been duljr have been charged on the fame, fuch factor or agent, and fuch c||aiR^* dealer or retailer refpedHvely, receiving fuch cyder or perry with a proper certificate, certifying that fuch duties have been already to be charged charged for fuch cyder or perry, (hall not be charged with the anew, payment of fuch duties, charged as aforefaid, on receiving fuch cyder or perry into his (lock, or on the decreafe thereof.

VII.	Provided alfo. That if any fadlor or agent (hall, during Factor having the continuance of the aft of this prefent feflton of parliament, paid the duty intituled. An aft for continuing and granting to his Majejly certain ?f4*- *** duties upon malt, mum* cyder, and perry ^ for the fcrvice of the year

one tboufand feven hundred and ftxty ftx> be charged with, and (hall 0f this^effion, pay the duty of four (hillings per hog(head upon any quantity of cyder or perry granted by the faid adl, and chargeable upon him a or her as the receiver thereof, fuch fadlor or agent (hall, by the	*

authority of this adl, for every hog(head of fuch cyder or perry fo^chin the fo charged, (land discharged of four (hillings, part of the fix* new duties, teen (hillings and eight pence granted by this adl, and chargeable upon him or her as fadlor or agent by virtue of this adl.

VIII.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid,

That from and after the faid fifth day of July, one thoufand

feven hundred and fixty fix, the mafter or other perfon having ;ng cyderor the charge of any (hip, veftel, barge, or trow, in which (hall be perry coaft-(hipped or put on board any cyder or perry, to be carried from wife» one part of this kingdom to another, (hall, within three days are to after his arrival at any port or'place where any part of fuch cyder report thereof or perry is to be delivered, give to the proper officer of excife, to to the proper be appointed for that purpofe by the refpedtivecommiffioners of °®ccr excife in England and Scotland relpedtively, a juft and true account in writing of the whole quantity of cyder and perry by him re- ter theirarril ceivcd on board ; diftinguilhing in fuch account the names and val in ports places of abode of the perfons by whpm the fame, and every diftinguifliing part thereof, was put on board, and at what place; and the[^"^I^Junt names and places of abode of the perfons to whom the fame, and places and every part thereof, is or was fent, directed, or configned, from whence and where the fame, and every part thereof was to be delivered: («**» and and in cafe the matter or other perfon having the charge of any "h^con- ** fuch (hip, veftel, barge, or trow, (hall neglect or refufe to give figned, &c. fuch account as aforefaid, according to the directions of this ad; or (hall difpofe of or deliver any part of the cyder or perry by him on penalty of taken on board at fea, or in any other place, except the place to *o1: for which the fame was configned (unavoidable accidents excepted) refufa^ ** the perfon fo offending (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and or delivering, lofe the fum of twenty pounds; and fuch mafter or other per- See. the fame (bn having the charge of fuch (hip, veftel, barge, or trow; (hall, otherwifethaa within twenty one days after his arrival at the place of delivery, land or caufe to be landed all the cyder and perry then on board to derfo be land-)» delivered there, on pain of forfeiting all fuch cyder and perry ed within %\

26	Anno	fcxto	Georgii	III.	c.	14.	[ 1765.

rival, on far= which (hail not be landed according to the dircftions of this adt» fciture there- which (hall and may be feized by any officer or officers of excife, °*'	together	with the casks or other package containing the fame.

Fa&ors are to IX. And ^ “ cna&cd by the authority aforefaid, That from enter, at the and after the faid fifth day of Jul)\ one thoufand feven hundred next office of and lixty fix, every fuch factor or agent, or faftors or agents, excife, their fQ having, receiving, or taking, any cyder or perry into his, her, ftorchoufei, or their cuftody, polfeffion, or power, to fell or difpofe of, (hall, three days’	leaft three days before he, (he, or they, fhalJ begin to fell or

before they	difpofe of the fame, make a true and particular entry in writing,

make fale of 2t the office of excife next to the place where fuch cyder or perry wnfi^n- ** ‘“tended to be fold or difpofed of, of the refpedtive name them; ° * And names of fuch fador or agent, fadors or agents, and of every ftorehoufe, warehoufc, room, cellar, or other place, wherein he, (he, or they, have laid or kept, or intend to lay or keep, any cyder or perry; and if any fuch fador or agent, fadors or agents, (hall, contrary to thediredion of this ad, make ufe of any warehouse, ftorehoufe, room, cellar, or other place, for the laying or keeping any cyder or perry, without having made fuch entry as a-forefaid, he, (he, or they, (hall refpedively forfeit and lofe the fum •n forfeiture fifty pounds for every fuch ftorehoufe, room, cellar, vault, or of 50I. for e- other place, which, from and after the faid fifth day of July, one vtrX unenter- thoufand feven hundred and fixty fix, (hall be made ufe of with-

mack ufe°oT out entry as	>	anc* a^ and cvery fuch fador or agent,

’ fadors or agents, fo receiving cyder or perry to fell or difpofe of and they are as aforefaid, (hall be fubjed and liable, and is and are hereby fubjefted to declared to be fubjed and liable, to all the claufes, provifoes, re-tiohi ucnal-" 6u^at‘ons> fi“es> penalties, forfeitures, rules, methods, matters, ties, and pro- and things, any dealer or dealers in, or retailer or retailers of, vifion*, which cyder or perry, are fubjed and liable to, by this or any other ad dealer*in, and or ads of parliament now in force, for the regulating and enforc-ing> managing, raifing, levying, colleding, paying, mitigating, are fubjeft to. adjudging, afeertaining, and recovering, the duties on cyder and ’ perry.

Dealer, in. or r X And be it.furtherrenamed	the authority aforefaid. That

retailers of, from and after the faid fifth day ot July* one thoufand feven hun-

cyder and per- dred and fixty fix, there (hall be railed, levied, colleded, and paid,

ry* >[nadc and unto and for the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs, and fucceflbrs, for

Attain from an<* uPon evcry boghead of cyder and perry which (hall be made

miit of their and fold in Great Britain, by any dealer in, or retailer of, cyder

own growth, or perry, from fruit of his or her own growth, and fo proportion-

are 1°	6s.'	aWv f°r d greater or lefs quantity fix (hillings, to be paid by fuch

per hog&ead. dea,ers j(lj Qr retaiJere oft cyder or perry.

F^rfons buy- XL And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, tog cyder or That all and every perfon or perfons, who fliall buy any cyder or perry, or fruit perry, or any fruit to make into cyder or perry, and (hall tell any cyder or per- the cyder or perry fo bought or made, by the hogffiead, or any ty, and fcning greater or lefler meafare; or (hall fell any quantity of cyder or what they fo perry, or either of them, in lefs quantity than twenty gallons r 2t 2 t’me* whether the fame be made from fruit of his, her, or r^aUera* their own growth, or from bought fruit, UulJ be deemed and

taken

*7

1765.5 Anno fexto GeoRGH III. c. 14.

taken to be a dealer or dealers in, and retailer or retailers of, cyder or perry, within the intent and meaning of this adt, and (hall be chargeable with the feveral duties hereby granted for fuch cyder or perry fo made and fold refpedtively.

XII.	Provided neverthelefs, and it is hereby declared and Where one

enadted by the authority aforefaid. That when fuch dealers in, dealer or re-or retailers of. cyder or perry, made from fruit of his, her, or	of anoT"

their own growth, (hall fell or difpofe of fuch cyder or perry to tj,	jn ortfcf

any other dealer or retailer of cyder or perry, who (hall pur- to fell again, chafe the fame to fell again, fuch dealer or retailer fo purchaf- *»d the du-ing the fame to fell again, and receiving the fame, with a proper certificate, certifying fuch duty has been charged, (hall not be ^ additional charged or chargeable with the faid additional duty of fix (hill dury of 6s. per ingsper hogfhead by this adt impofed on cyder and perry made in h'.jgihead on Great Britain, and fold by retail; and if the cyder or perry bVchv ed*** made by any fuch dealer in, or retailer, from fruit of his, her, whfre cy-or their own growth, (hall be fold by the maker thereof in lefs der and perry quantity than twenty gallons at a time; fuch dealer in, or re-(hall be fold toiler ot, cyder or perry, (hall not be charged for fuch cyder or

perry fo fold with the faid additional duty of fix (hillings per th»o hog (head by this adt impofed on cyder and perry made in Great gallons to the Britain, and fold by retail.	dealer or re-

XIII.	And it is hereby further enadted and declared by the g,ly* . authority aforefaid. That all and every fuch dealer or dealers in, anej retailers and retailer or retailers of, cyder or perry made from fruit of0r, cyder and his, her, or their own growth, (hall be fubjedt and liable, and perry from_ is hereby declared to be fubjedt and liable, in refpedl of fuch frult ot thc““ cyder or perry fomade, to all thedaufes, provifoes, regnJat*ons,

fines, penalties, forfeitures, rules, methods, matters, and things, to like regula* which any dealer in, or retailer of, cyder or perry, is fubjedt tions,penal-and liable to, by this or any ether adt or adts of parliament now ant* P*1*-in force for the regulating, enforcing, managing, railing, levying, J£«?deafert colledting, paying, mitigating, adjudging, afeertaining, and re-and retailers, covering the duties on cyder or perry.

XIV.	And.* for preventing any difputes that may arife touching No cyder and the charging the duties on cyder and perry; it is hereby declared perry made in and enadted by the authority aforefaid. That cyder or perry Britain, made in Great Britain, in no cafe whatfoever (hall pay or be higher duty chargeable wirh more than fixteen (hillings and eight pence per than 16s. sd. hogfhead, whether theduties, or any of them, chargeable thereon, per hogiheadi (hall arife by virtue of this or any former or other adt or adts of parliament.

XV.	And whereas great frauds have been committed by dealers in9 and retailers of9 cyder or perry, by fending and removing, or caujing vr procuring to be ftnt or removed, great quantities of cyder and perry from the makers thereof \ immediately to the perfon or perfons who contrail for the fame wtth9 or order the fame fromy fuch dealers iny or retailers of eyder or perry y hereby the duties thereon have not been charged^ as fitch cyder and perry nraer comes into the pojpjfion of fuch tleUMs or retailers9 and the like frauds may be committed by fuch fac-

and agents if proper pravifion is not made for prevention thereof\ to* it therefore eaafted by the authority aforefaid, That horn and

*8	Anno	fcxto Georgii III. c. 14.	[*765.

Dealers, re- after the faid fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and tmWoid’	any	dealer or dealers or retailer or retailers of,

&c. cyder o?1 cyder or perry, or any fuch fadtor or fadtors, agent or agents, perry7from	mail remove or fend, or caufeor procure to be removed or fent,

the maker to any cyder or perry, from the maker or makers thereof, to the ^cont^. perfon or perfons buying or contracting for, or ordering the the dutiesU »ame> without the duties thereon have been firft charged, and charged, and without a certificate to accompany the fame, figned by the pro* a certificate, per officer of excife (which certificate he is hereby required to

f'ive, without fee or reward, to the perfon or perfons defiring the ame) fignifying the quantity of cyder or perry fo fent or removed, and the number of cafks or other package containing the lame, and that the duties due thereon had been charged for the fame) every fuch dealer or dealers in, or retailer or retailers of cyder or perry, or fadtor or factors, or agent or agents, re-fpedtivcly, fo offending, (hall, for every fuch offence. Forfeit and lofe the fum of fifty pounds.

Th*fe duties XVI. Provided always, and be it enadted by the authority aretobedrawn afore faid. That the faia duties by this adt impofed upon cyder back on ex- *nd perry, (hall and may be drawn back on the exportation of fuch cyder and perry, by the fame means and methods, and under the fame rules and directions, as the other duties, or any of them, now payable for cyder or perry, may be drown back on the exportation thereof 1 and alfo that the faid duties on cyder and perry granted by this adt, (hall be drawn back, or allowed upon thediftillatioiiof cyder and perry into low wines and fpirits, by the fame means and methods, and under the fame rules and directions, as the other duties, or any of them, now payable for cyder or perry, may be drawn back or allowed upon the diftilla-and alio wheretlon thereof: and in cafe any cyder or perry which hath been eyder or perry charged with, and hath, paid the laid duties, or any of them, become unfit granted by this adt, lhall hereafter, by being unfit for fale as aad 1flSdl ba",cy<*cr or P^Ts b* charged with the duties on vinegar, it lhall charged with ** lawful for three or more of the commiffioners of excife for the time being, or twojultices of the peace within their refpec-tive jurifdidtions, on proof that fuch cyder or perry hath been charged with, and paid the faid duties, or any of them, granted by this adt, and that the fame cyder or perry hath alio been cnarged with the duty on vinegar, todifeharge or allow fuch of the duties granted by this adt, as (hall have been charged thereon, which they are hereby required to do. jfenaltv ofob.	XVII. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid,

drafting of- * That if from and after the find fifth day of Ju!y% one thoufand feven hundred and lixty fix, any perfon or perfons whatfoever (hall aflault, refill, oppofc, moled, or hinder, any officer or officers of excife, in the due feizmg or fecuring of any cyder or perry, which, by any officer or officers of excife, lhall or may be feized by virtue or In purfuance of this adt, or in the execution of any of the powers or authorities .by this adt given or granted, or lhall by force or violence refeue, or caufe to he rer (cued, any cyder or perry, after the fame (frail have been feiaerf

......

ferfeit 50I.

partition,

and diitiDa-

tijnt

the. duties an vinegar,

ficers in the ext cation cf their doty)

1765.] Anno fexto Georgii III. c. 14.	29

by fuch officer or officers as aforefaid, or (hall attempt, or endesf- or retelling or vour fo to do, or, after fuch feizure, (hall ftave, break, or cT^r otherwife deftroy or damage, any calks, veflels, or package, wherein the fame (hall be contained ; all and every the party or 9 parties fo offending, (hall, for every fuch offence refpedively, forfeit and lofe the fum of forty pounds.

XVIII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid.

That all and every the powers, authorities, rules, methods, pe-

nalties, and forfeitures, daufes, matters, and things, which in M“ Car* and by an ad made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled. An aft for taking away the court of wards and liveries, and tenures in capite and by knights fervice, and purveyance, andfor fettling a revenue upon his Majefly in lieu thereof or by any other law now in force relating to his Majefty’s revenue or excife upon beer, ale, or other liquors, are provided, fettled, or eftablifhed, forfecuring, enforcing, managing, raifing, t],e revenue** • levying, collating, paying, mitigating or recovering, adjudging earife, extend* or afeertaining theduties or penalties thereby granted, and for pre- *d to this ad. venting, deteding, and punifhing frauds relating thereto (not otherwife altered by thisadt) (hall be exercifed, pradifed, applied, tifed, impofed, levied, recovered, and put in execution, for tnefe-curing, enforcing, managing, raifing, levying, collcding, paying, mitigating, and adjudging, afeertaining, and recovering, the duties on cyder and perry, and penalties hereby granted, and for preventing, detedhng, and punifhing, frauds relating thereto, as fully and effedually, to all intents and purpofes, as if all and every the faid powers, authorities, rules, diredions, methods, penalties, and forfeitures, daufes, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and again enaded in the body of this prefent ad.

XIX.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid.

That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, impofed oy this ad, Fines, peaal-fhall be fued for, recovered, levied,‘or mitigated by fuch ways, means, and methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, is or recoJmd, !e-may be fued for, recovered, or mitigated, by any law or laws of vied, or miti-excife, or by adion of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any of pted, as the his Majefty’s courts of record at fVe/lmin/ler^ or in the court of .excife exchequer in Scotland refpedively: and that one moiety of every 0ne moiety fuch fine, penalty, or forfeiture, (hall be to his Majefty,. his to the crown, heirs and fucceffors, and the other moiety to him or them, who and the other (hall difcover, inform, or fue for the fame.	'	Profe*

XX.	And) for the better afeertaining, chargings collecting) raifing,cu or’ levying) and fecuring) the Jaid rates and duties by this aft impofed,

and preventing frauds therein; be it further enaded by the autho- Theft duties rity aforefaid, That fuch of the laid rates and duties by this ad c? he und€r 1 granted, as are charged upon cyder or perry made in, or im- andm^Tge-ported into England, WdleS) or the town of Berwick upon Tweed, ment of the (hall be under the receipt and management of the commifTionerscoramiffioners and officers of his Majefty’s revenues of excife in England for the and.°* time being; and fuch of the faid rates and duties as are impofed j!^ ^ by this ad upon cyder or perry made in, or imported into u

go	Anno	fexto	Georgii	III.	c. 15.	[1765.

Scotland, (hall be under the receipt and management of the commiffioners of excife in Scotland for the time being; and the faid refpedtive commiffioners of excife, or the major part of them, have hereby power, by commiffion under their refpedtive hands and feals, to conftitute and appoint under them fuch of* fleers as (hall be neceflary in that behalf. a -1 XXI. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, into the ex- That a^ monic* arifing by and in refpedt of the duties hereby chequer, apart granted and impofed (the neceflaij charges of railing and ac-from all other counting for the fame exeepted) fnall, from time to time, be duties) paid into the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer at TVefiminftcr, separate and apart from all other branches of the pubhek reve* nue; and are hereby appropriated and (hall be iffiied and applied and to be ap- to fame ufes and purpoles, in fuch manner, and under fuch plied and iffii- regulations, as the monies arifing by the duties hereby repealed cd, as the for- were, by the faid adt made in the third year of his prefent Matter duties, jefty’s reign, appropriated unto, and diredted to be iflued and applied.

XXII.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon or perfons (hall at any time be fued, moleft-cd, or proiecuted, for any thing by him or them done in pur-" fiiance of or by colour of this adt, or of any matter or thing in this adt contained, fuch perfon and perfons (hall and may plead the . general iffiie, and give this adt and the fpecial matter in evidence General iflue. jn hj8 or t^cjr dcfcncc or defences 5 and if afterwards a verdidt (hall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall become nunfiiited, or difeontinue his, her, or their adtion or profecution, or judgement (hall be given againft him, her, or them, upon demurrer or otherwife, then fuch de-Trtble cofts. fendant or defendants (hall have treble cofts awarded to him of them againft fuch plsuihtifF or plaintiffs.

C A P. XV.

An aft for raifing a certain fitm ofmoney by loans or exchequer bills, for the Jervice of the year one tboufand feven hundred andfixty fix.

Mod gracious Sovereign,

Preamble. \\f E your Majefty's moft dutiful and loyal fubjedts, the V ▼ commons of Great Britain in parliament afiembled, towards raifing the neceflary fupplies which we have chearfully

tranted to your Majefty in this feffion of parliament, have re-)lved to give and grant unto your Majefty the fum herein after mentioned; and do therefore moft humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be enadted; and be it enaded by the King's moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parlia-Credit of loop *nent afiembled, and by the authority of the fame. That it (hxH granted to his and may be lawful to and for the commiffioners of his Majefty** Majefty for treafury now, or for the time being, or any three or more of them, of the high treafurer for the time being, at any time or

times

765-] Anno fexto Georgii III. c. 15.	31

mes before the fifth day of January, one thoufend feven hun- Treafury may red and fixty feven, to caule ordiredt any loans to be taken or Sloans 0^ sceived at his Majefty’s exchequer from any perfon or perfons, exchequer atives or foreigners, body or bodies politick or corporate, or bills, ny number of exchequer bills to be made out there, for any fum r fums of money, not exceeding, in loans and exchequer bills .

Dgether, in the whole, the fum of one million eight hundred JJ^*a«i7an~ loufand pounds, in the fame or like manner, form, and order, 1 by'Sie nd according to the fame or like rules and diredtions, as in and malt tax a&

>y an adt of this prefent feflion of parliament, intituled. An a£t of this ftflion, or continuing and granting to bis Majejiy, certain duties upon malt, row, cyder, and perry, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven chequer bills hundred andfixty fix, are enadted and preferibed concerning the thereby to be oans or exchequer bills to be taken or made in purfuance of the made out. aid adt.

II.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid,

That all and every the claufes, provifoes, powers, privileges, ad- Tbecrlaufe*,^ vantages, penalties, forfeitures, and difabilities contained in the ad* relating to Taid laft mentioned adt relating to the loans or exchequer bills the loans or authorized to be made by the fame adt (except fuch claufes as exchequer do charge the fame on the taxes granted by the fame adt, and hills ther^y except fuch claufes as limit the rate of intereft to be paid for the	*

forbearance of money lent on the credit of the faid adt, and alfo * except as is herein after mentioned) (hall be applied and ex- exten<ied to tended to the loans and exchequer bills to be made in purfuance this, of this adt, as fully and effedtually, to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame loans or exchequer bills had been originally authorized by the faid laft mentioned adt, or as if the (aid feveral claufes or provifoes had been particularly repeated and re-enadted in the body of this adt.

III.	Provided always, and be it further enadted by the B.|jf made _ authority aforefaid. That no exchequer bill or bills to be made	;n	*

out by virtue of this adt (hall, after the fame hath or have been purfmmee of iflued at the exchequer, be afterwards, at any time before the this aft, not to fixth day of April, one thoufand feven hundred and jixty feven, be r.cccivcd received, or taken, or pafs, or be current, to any receiver or chai^ed^by^" colledtorin Great Britain of the cuftoms, excife, or any revenue, anyreceiv«r fupply, aid, or tax whatfoever, due, or payable to his Majefty, of the publick bis heirs, or fuccefiors, or at the receipt of the exchequer, from any fuch receiver er collcdtor, or from any other perfon or perfons,	*n r 17 74

bodies politick or corporate otherwife, or on any other account, excepttbe than for the difeharge and cancelling of fuch bills, in cafe fame (ball be the fame (hall be in due courfe or order of payment before the doe court® faid fixth day of April-, nor (hall any fuch receiver or colledtor exchange, at any time before the faid fixth day of April, for any ]?G/C that money of fuch revenues, aids, taxes, or fupphes, in his hands, any exchequer bill or bills which (hall have been iflued as afore-fiiid by virtue of this adt; nor (hall any adtion be maintained and no a£lioa agaioft fuch receiver or colledtor for neglecting or refufing to Jhail lie for exchange any fuch bill or bills for ready money before the faid fuctl fctbjUy of April; any thing in the faid adt made in this pre-2	vent

3*

•r out of the finking fund, if no (applies

A*ino fcxto GeoROU III. C. 15.	[1765.

fent feflion of parliament, intituled. An aft for continuing and granting to his Majejly certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and fixty fix, or this ad, contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

The feme to IV. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, kf	That fuch l°ans or ^chequer bills, together with the inte-

rn pplies which rc^* premium, rate, and charges, incident to or attending the fluu be grant- feme, (hall be, and are hereby charged and chargeable upon, ed in the next and (hall be repaid or borne by or out of the firft aids or fup-leffioni plies which (hall be granted in the next feflion of parliament;

and in cafe fufficient aids or fupplies for that purpofe (hall not be granted before the fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty feven, then all the (aid loans or exchequer bills, with the intereft, premium, rate, and charges, incident to or attending the fame, (hall be, and are hereby charged and chargeable upon fuch monies as, at any time or times at or after the (aid fifth day of July, (hall be or remain in the receipt of the exchequer, of the furplufles, excefles, overplus monies, and other revenues compofing the fund commonly called The Sinking Fund fliaU tegrant* (except fuch monies of the faid finking fund as are appropriated ed before 5 to any particular ufe or ufes by any aet or ads of parliament in July, 1767* that behalf) and fuch monies of the (aid finking fund (hall and may be ififued and applied, as foon as the fame can be regularly dated and afcertained, for and towards paying off, cancelling, and discharging, fuch loans or exchequer bills, intereft, premium, rate, or charges, until the whole of them (hall be paid off, cancelled, and difcharged, or money fufficient for tha^ purpofe be kept and referved in the exchequer, to be payable on demand to the refpedive proprietors thereof.

V.	Provided always, and be it enaded by the authority Moniesiffiied aforefaid, That whatever monies (hall be fo iflued out of the Mfrwtffthf furplufles, excefles, overplus monies, or other revenues com-faking fund, pofing the finking fund, (hall, from time to time, be replaced by to be replaced, and out of the firft fupplies to be then after granted in parliament) any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

Vi. And be it declared and further enacted by the au-Thebank im- thority aforefaid. That it (halland may be lawful for the gover-adwunee on nor an<! comPany	the bank of England, to advance or lend to

the faidcredit his Majefty in like manner at the receipt of theexchequer, upon of loan, any the credit of loan granted by this ad, any fum or fums of money fum orjfa*y* not exceeding in the whole the fum of one million eight hun-J-» dred thoufand pounds; any thing in an ad made in the fifth the ad 5 Sc 6 and fixth years of the reign of King William and Queen Mary,

W.	Sc M. not- intituled. An aft for granting to their Majejlies feveral rates end wUhOaoding. duties upon tonnage of flips and veffels, and upon her, ale, and other liquors, for feewring certain recomptnces and advantages in the find aft mentioned, to Juch ptrfons as flail voluntarily advance the fum of one million five hundred thoufand pounds, towards carrying on the war againli France, to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

. CAP.

33

*765-]

Anno fexto Georgii III. c. 16,-17. CAP. XVI.

An aft for the more ea(y and fpeedy recovery of fmall debts within the city of Bath, and the liberties and precinfts thereof.

CAP. XVII.

An all for explaining and amending fo much of an all made in the ftrft year of the reign of King James the Second, intituled, An additional aft for the improvement of tillage, as relates to the city ^-London.

WHEREAS by an all made in the firji year of the reign Preamble, re* bis late mojefty King James the Second, intituled, An ad-	daufet

ditional improvement of tillage, it is enalled, That from and after	1 Jac#

thefeajl of Saint Michael the Archangel then next, and from thence-1 forward, it JkaU and may be lawful to and for all and every the jujlices f the peace for the feveral and refpellive counties within his Majejly's kingdom 0/*England, dominion ofWales, and.the town ^Berwick jpon T weed, wherein foreign corn or grain /ball or may be thereafter imported, and they, and every of tbfm, are thereby enjoined and squired, at their next refpellive Quarter fe/ftons after Michaelmas md Eider Day yearly, by the oaths of two or more bonejl and fub-lantiaj perfons of the refpellive counties, being neither merchants nor raQors for the importing of com, nor any ways concerned nor intertjled m the corn fo imported, and each of them having a freehold ejlate of twenty pounds per annum, or a leafehold ejlate of fifty pounds per uuium, above all charges and reprizes, and being /kitful in the prices f com (which oaths all and every the faid ju/iices are thereby im-powered to adminifter) and, by fuch other ways and means as to them fall fetmJfrf t0 examine and determine the common market prices of wddHing Englifh corn and grain of the refpellive forts mentioned m m all of parliament made in the two and twentieth year of the reign if King Charles the Second, intituled. An aft for improvement and aft of tillage and the breed of cattle, as the fame /hall be commonly 22 Car. 1. bought and fold in the faid refpellive counties into which any foreign me or grain Jhall be imported 3 and to certify the fame, with twofuch aths made as aforefaid, in writing annexed, unto his Mai fly's chief officer and collelJor of the cuflomsfor the time being, rejiding in the aid refpellive ports or havens where the faid corn and grain /hall be

Sorted, to be hung up in fame publick ph'ce in the cuftom-boufa, to it all perfons may refort for their information: and it is thereby Itrther enabled. That from and after the faid feajl of Saint Michael be Archangel then next, the cuflom and duly of foreign corn and rain imported into any of his Majejly's faid dominions 0/England,

Vales, and town	Berwick upon Tweed, appointed,	by the faid

II	of the twenty fecond of King Charles the Second, to be paid, /hall ecotleOei and paid according to the prices contained in fuch refpellive ertificates as aforefaid, and not otherwifa; any thing in the faid all cf Bug James the Second, or in any other law or ftatute, contained to he contrary notwithftaniing: and it is thereby provided and further %a8edy That all that, by virtue of the faid all of King James the 'mxd% was to be done by the jujlices of the peace at their quarter ‘Vql. XXVII.	D	Jtjfrni

34

From and after 29 Sept, the mayor, aldermen, and juflices of London, are im powered to do all that by virtue of the recited all may be done by juftices at the quarter feffions, in the months of

j[an. and Tu-y, as well as snO&oberand April yearly. Perfons malting oaths to be fubftantial houfekeepers in Middlefex or Surry.

Anno icxto Georgii III. c. x8.	[	1765,

fejjions in their feveral counties, Jhall he done and performed in Eke manner in the city of London, in the months of Oltober and April yearly, by the mayor, aldermen, and juflices of peace there ; and that the perjons making fuch oaths Jhall be no corn-chandler, meatman, factor, merchant, or other perfon interejfled in fuch com Jo to be imported, but Jhall be fomefubjiantial houfekeepers living in Middlefex or Surry, qualified as aforefaid: and whereas the power given by the faid atl to the Jaid mayor, aldermen, and juflices of peace of the city ^/London for examining and determining the common market prices of middling Englilh corn and grain, only in the months ofOSiobex and April yearly, is found ineffectual to anfwer the good purpofes of the faidaCt: be it therefore enalted by tne King’s moll excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afletn-bled, and by the authority of the fame. That all that by virtue of the faid all is to be done by the juftices of the peace at their quarter feffions in their feveral counties, fhall, from and after the twenty ninth day of September next, be done and performed in like manner in the city of London, not only in the months of October and April yearly, but alfo in the months of January and July yearly, by the mayor, aldermen, and juftices of peace there; and that the perfons^ making fuch oaths, (hall be no com chandler, mealman, fa&or, merchant, or other perfon inte-refted in fuch corn to be imported, but (hall be fome fubftantial houfekeepers living in Middlefex or Surry, qualified as aforefaid; any thing in the faid alt, or in any lawor ftatute contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. XVIII.

An alt to amend and render more cffeltual, in his Majefty’s dominions in America, an alt pad in this prefent fefTion of parliament, intituled, An aCtfor funt/hwg mutiny and defertjon, andfor the better payment of the army and their quarters.

Preamble. Conftables, &c. to quarter officers and men in the barracks provided for them; and if there (hall not be fufficient room there, to billet the refidue in inns,ale-houfes, &c. and if thefe (hall be alfo infuffiri-ent, then in hired uninhabitated houfes, to be provided and furnifhed for the purpofe. No more billets to be ordered than there are efte&ive men. Commander in chief to give early notice to the refpdtive governors, of the marching of the troops, and their numbers, that quarters may be pro* vided accordingly. Military officers taking on themfelves to quarter folders; or ufing any menace to a civil officer, to deter them from their duty $ to be cafhiered; unlefs the conviltion be reverfed upon appeal. Perfons aggrieved by being quartered on, may complain to the juftices, and be relieved. No juftice having any military office to be concerned in billeting foldiers, »xcept where there (hall be no other juftice. Officers and foldiers quartered in inns, or ale houfes, are to be furnifhed with provi-fions at a certain rate. What innholders, &c. may allow men quartered on them inftead of meat. What officers and foldiers quartered in barracks, or hired houfes, are to be furnifhed with at the provincial expence. How the expences incurred thereby are to be reimburfed. Penalty on taking money to excufe any perfon from being quartered on. Commanding officers may exchange men in their quarters. Penalty on conftables, &c. delaying to quarter or billet officers or foldiers after due notice i or receiving money toexcufe any perfon from being quarteredon; and on per-fons refufing to receive the officers and foldiers billeted on them, or to furniftv them with necell'aries as the alt direlb * is any Ann

n<*



1765.] Anno too Georgii TIL c. 19.

not exceeding jl. nor left than 40*. to be paid to the treafurer the colony. Officer* to give notice to inn-keeper»,£rc. of fubfittence money in their hand*; and their accounts to be paid off according to the rates of fubfillence here eftabiiflied. Officers not giving fuch notice, the accounts to be difcbarged out of their arrears of pay 1 it no arrears are due, then out of the iubfi-(fence*money of the regiment, and the officer to be cafhiered. On nonpayment of quarters, for want of money, the officer to make up the accounts, and give certificates for the Aims due. Juftices may demand an account of quartering of the officers and loldiers, in order to prevent and remedy abules in quartering. Juftices, in purfuance of orders received, are to iflue orders to conftables to provide carriages for the troops on their march. Rates of carriages. Carnages not obliged to carry above is cwt. nor to travel above one days march, unlefs other carriages cannot be pro * cured. Penalty on conftables, &c. neglecting to provide or furniOi carriages. Colony to repay the extra expences ore:amages. Where carriages (ball be neceflarily provided for long marches beyond the	toe

horfes and carriages are to be fairly appraifed; and if loit or deftroyed to be paid for accoraing to certificate. Deferter may be apprehended, and-committedj gaoler to receive his fubfiftence money in the interim.

tr on perfbns harbouring deferters; ,or buying foldiers arms or clothes,Sec. Penalty on officer breaking open a houfe to arch for deferters, without warrant. Perfons not being loldiers committing any offences in any fort or garrifon, See. not within the jurifdi&ion of any civil government, majr be apprehended ; and being charged on oath with the offence, may be committed to fafe cuftody, till delivered over to the civil magiftrate. Suits in what courts to be profecuted. How the troops are to pay in pa/fing ferries. Pecuniary penalties to be paid at the rate of 4s. 8d. fter the Spanifh milled dollar. Limitation of actions. General iflue. Treble offs.

This aft to Win force from *4 March, 1766, to *4 March, 1768.

CAP. XIX.

An alt for tbe more effectual encouragement of the trade and manufacture of leather gloves and mitts in this kingdom.

WHEREAS, till of late years, great quantities of foreign kid Petnmblno and lamb Jkins were yearly imported into this kingdom, in order tQ be manufactured into gloves and mits> to the great benefit of trade, and employment of the poor in the manufacture thereof: and whereas large quantities of foreign manufactured leather gloves and mitts are cbndefiinely brought into this kingdom, whereby not only the revenue is defrauded^ but many thoufands of his Majefiy*s jubjeCl$i employed in the manufacture of leather gloves and mitts, are deprived of tbe means ofproviding for tbemfelves and their families: and whereas the preventing tbe importation of fuch foreign manufactured leather \loves and mitts ^ would tend to the increafe of the trade aud manu-fodwres of this kingdom, and would alfo encourage the importation of foreign kid and lamb Jkins: May it pleafe your Majefty, that ic nay be enacted; and be it ena&ed by the King's mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice end content of the lords fpiri- _	.	-

mat and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament af- ter ™ junj* * enabled, and by the authority of the fame. That if any foreign i7669 all fo-nanufa&ured leather gloves or mitts (hall, from and after the rrign manu-wenty fourth day of June* one thoufand feven hundred and featured lez-ixty fix, be imported, brought, or conveyed into this kingdom, mittArougbr*

>r any part of the Britijh dominions, the fame (hall be, and are into any part (ereby declared to be, forfeited, and (hall be liable to be fearched of the Smith or and fcized by any officer or officers of the'euftoms or excite,

D 2	in	tojffcxaia	%

3$	Anno	fexto Georoii III. c. 19;	[1765.

in like manner as other prohibited and uncuftomed goods are and (hall be difpofed of as is herein after mentioned: and every perfon or perfons who (hall bring, convey, or import or (hall caufe to be brought, conveyed, or imported, into this kingdom* or any part of the Britijh dominions, any fuch leather gloves or mitts, or (hall be aiding, abetting, or atlifting therein ; or, being a vender or venders, retailer or retailers, of any kind of leather gloves or mitts, in whofe cuftody or poflefRon any fuch foreign manufactured leather gloves or mitts (hall be found ; or who (hall fell, or expofe to fale, any fuch leather gloves or mitts; or who (hall conceal any fuch leather gloves or mitts, with intent to prevent the forfeiture or feizure of the fame; (hall, over and above the forfeiture and lofs of fuch leather gloves and mitts, and all intereft which he, (he, or they, may have therein, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fura of two hundred pounds, together with double cotrs of fuit. laid goods II. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed by the authority feized in Eng- aforefaid. That if any fuch leather gloves or mitts (hall bi land, out ot found and feized in that part of Great Britain called England> out of the cities of Lonitn and lVcJlminf1ery and the limits of the weekly bills of mortality, and the fame (hall not exceed ia value the fum of twenty pounds, it (hall and may be lawful for two or more of his Majcfty’s jufticcs of the peace for fuch county, city, borough, or place, where the Tame (hall be found ‘and feized, upon information before them that fuch leather gloves or mitts were feized as leather gloves or mitts unduly may be pro- brought into and not manufactured within this kingdom, to ceededagainft, hear an(j determine the fame, and to proceed to condemnation determined or difeharge thereof as (hall feem juft ; any thing herein befote by 2 juftices \ contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

’fth Food HI- And be it further enacted by the authority aforefeid* are condemn- That after condemnation thereof in due courfe of law, all and ed,they are to every fuch leather gloves and mitts (hall be publicity fold, to be publickly the beft advantage, for exportation, by the candle ; and one fold, for ex- moiety of the produce, or money arifing by the fale of fuck anyone1 raoi- ^eat^icr gloves and mitts, (hall be to the ufe of his MajeAy, his ety of the pro-heirs, and fucceflors,' and the other moiety thereof to the ufe duceistogo of the officer or officers who (hall feize and Secure the lame: t0^hc Kinp and no fuch leather gloves or mitts (hall be confumed or ufed to the officer; in kingdom, but (hall be exported again to fome port or and fecurity place not being any part of his Majefty’s dominions; and (hall b to be given not be fold, otherwife than on condition to be exported as ior the due aforefaid : and fuch leather gloves and mitts (hall not be deli-EZ3&. vcre<* out	warehoufe, or place wherein the fame (hall

delivery of have been fccured, until fuflicient fecurity be firft given to the King’s Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, which the commifii-oners of his Majefty’s cuftoms or excife are hereby impowered and required to take, that the fame, and every part thereof, (hall be exported as aforefaid, and not landed again in any part which is to be of his Majcfty’s dominions ; which fecurities (hall be difehaeg-di (charged up- cd without fee or reward, upon certificate, returned under the

common

and the importer.

vender, retailer,

expofer to (ale,

or concealer thereof,

forfeit moreover 200 L with double colh of fuit. Anv of the faief goods

the cities of London and Weftminfter, and limits of the weekly bills of mortality, not ex ceeding sol. in value,

the fame out ni the ware-iioufe where fccured;

I

765.] Anno fexto Georgii III. c. 19.	37

ommon fed of the chief magiftratc in any place or places be* °n * mum of ond the feas, and out of his Majefty’s dominions, or under a ic hands and feals of two known Engtijh merchants upon fuch fach^porta-lace, that the goods were there landed \ or upon proof, by tion.

•edible perfons, that fuch goods were taken by enemies, or

eriflied in the feas ; the examination and proof thereof being

ft to the judgement of the faid commiflioners : which com-

1 i(Goners are hereby refpedtively impowcred, from time to

me, to call upon the perfon or perfons who have entered-into	*

ich fecurity, to produce fuch certificate or proof as aforefaid.

IV.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, JoJbt 'hat if any fuch leather gloves or mitts (hall be feized, by vir- thcr fuch** ie and in purfuance of this adt* and any doubt or queftion goods are of tall afterwards arifc where the fame were manufadtured, the foreign ma-roof (hall lie upon the perfon or perfons in whofe cuftody or nofa&urM*1*

the lame were found, and not upon the profecutor or diS*toTie on rofecutors, plaintiff or plaintiffs ; and in cafe no proof (hall be the pofleffori vcn, that fuch leather gloves or mitts were manufadtured ithin Great Britain, then the fame (hall, without any further 'oceeding, be taken and held to have been manufadtured out F Gnat Britain, and contrary to, and in violation of, this adt j ly law or cuftom to the contrary notwithftanding.

V.	Provided always, and be it further enadted, That if any and the pof-vfon or perfons, in whofe cultodv or pofleffion any fuch lea- feflor (not im« \cr gloves or mitts (hall be feized by virtue and in purfuance porting or

r this adt (fuch perfon or perfons not importing or concealing

ie fame) (hall difcover, upon oath, before any one or more covering the *

iftke or juftices of the peace, the perfon or perfons who fold vender,

ich leather gloves or mitts to fuch perfon or perfons in whofe

iftody or pofleffion the fame (hall be feized, fo as that fuch jo a* he may

erfon or perfons, fo felling the fame, (hall or may be profe- con vision

Bted and ccnvidted, according to the intent of this adt, as the	9

slier thereof, in cafe the fame (hall be, or be taken and held to

e, within the intent and meaning of this adt, manufadtured

ut of Great Britain, fueh perfon or perfons, fo difcovering as

Cwefaid, (hall be, and is and are hereby freed and difcharged is difcharged

f and from all and every the penalties and forfeitures by this fro,u thc, Ee“

A inflidted upon all and every perfon and perfons, being a fciturw™ °F*

ender or venders, retailer or retailers, having in his, her, or

bcir cuftody or pofleffion any fuch leather gloves or mitts not	fromLS,V*

nade or manufadtured in Great Britain ; and of and from any lo^he^ace of

roof that the fame, fo feized as aforefaid, were manufadtured their mamu

n Great Britain.	fadture.

VI. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. Recovery of That all pecuniary penalties and forfeitures, by this adt im- penalties and K>fcd, (hall and may be fued for and recovered in any of his forfeitures} tdajefty’s courts of record at Wejiminjler, or in the court of £.t-bifuer at Edinburgh, refpedtively, by adtion, bill, plaint, or in-ormation, in the name of his Majefty’s attorney general, or in he name of his Majefty’s advocate in Scotland, or in the name V names of ibme officer or officers of the cuftoms or excife;

*	V 3	atA

and application thereof.

Officer neglecting for i month to profecute for

any other perfon may file for and recover the fjunc.

38	Anno	fexto Georgii III. c. 19.	[*765.

and that one moiety of evety fuch penalty and forfeiture (hall be to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, and the other moiety thereof to the officer or officers of the cuftoms or excife, who (hall inform and profecute for the fame.

VII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enaCted, That* if any officer or officers of the cuftoms or excife (hall negleft or refufe, for the fpace of one calendar month after fuch coo-any pecuniary damnation as aforefaid, to profecute to effeCt any perfon or penalty, ^ perfons, for any pecuniary penalty or forfeiture by this aCt inflicted upon offenders a gain ft the fame ; that then it (hall be lawful for any perfon or perfons whomfoever, to fue for, profecute, and recover, the refpe&ive pecuniary penalties and forfeitures by this aCt inflicted, in like manner as is herein before directed, with regard to the officers of the cuftoms or excife; and one moiety of the faid pecuniary forfeitures, when recovered, (hall, in fuch cafe, go and be applied to the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, and the other moiety to the 1 perfon or perfons who (hall fue or profecute for the fame re- I fpeCtively.	1

_____________ VIII.	Provided	alfo, and be it further enaCted by the autho- I

of fuch goods rity aforefaid. That nothing in this aCt contained (hall extend, ' are not fub- or be in any wife conftrued to extend, to fubject any perfon or perfons who (hall wear, or make ufe of, fuch leather gloves or mitts as aforefaid, as part of his, her, or their apparel or drefs only, to any forfeiture, pr to any pecuniary penalty or penalties inflicted by this aCt, or to any proof that the fame Were manufactured within Great Britain.

^	____ IX. Provided always, and be it enaCted by the authority

not extend to aforefaid. That nothing in this aCt contained (hall extend, or repeal any of be conftrued or deemed to extend, in any wife to repeal any of the powers of the powers and authorities granted in and by an aCt made in the eleventh year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Firft, intituled, An aft for more effeftual preventing frauds and ahufes in the public revenues; for preventing frauds in the fait duties, and for giving relief for Jalt ufed in the curing of faemon and cod fi/by in the year one thoufand feven hundred and nineteen^ exported from that part of Great Britain called Scotland ; for enabling the infurance companies to plead the gefieral iffue in aftions with regard to brought again ft them ; and for fecuring the Jlamp duties upon poli^

^rohiSted^or tus l*furanci» regard to feizures of any prohibited or p	run goods, wares, merchandizes, or commodities.

X.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That if any aCtion or fuit (hall be commenced againft any perfon or perfons, for any thing done in purfuance of this aCt, the defendant or defendants, in fuch aCtion or fuit, may plead the general iflue, and give this aCt, and the fpecial matter, in evidence at anv trial to be had thereupon ; and that the fame was done by tne authority of this aCt: and if it (hall appear to have been fo done, then the jury (hall find for the defendant or defendants : and if the plaintiff (hall be nonfuited,or difeontique his aCtioty after the defendant or defendants (hall

tevt

The weavers

jeft to any penalty, for* feitore, or proof, upon that account.

This aft does

the aft of It Geo. {•

ruu goods.

General iflue.

f7^5*] Anno fcxto Georoii III. c. 20,21.	39

have appeared, or if judgement (hall be given upon any ver-did or demurrer againft the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants (hall recover treble cofts, and have the like remedy for Treble cofts. the fame as defendants have in other cafes by law.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enaded, That, in Defendant al-every fuch adion, it (hall and may be lawful for the defendant !°wed».h«fore or defendants, by leave of the court where fuch adion fhall be	ii!

depending, at anytime before iflue joined, to pay into court to court. * fuch fum of money as he or they (hall fee fit, as amends for the matter or caufe complained of in fuch adion, whereupon fuch proceedings, orders, and judgements, (hall and may be had, made, and given, in and by fuch court, as in other adions where the defendant is allowed to pay money into court.

CAP. XX.

An ad for the more eafy and fpeedy Recovery of Small Debts, within the Borough of Derby, and the Liberties thereof.

CAP. XXI.

An aft for redeeming one third part of the remainder of the joint ftock of annuities, eftablijhed by an aft made in the third year of his prefent Majefty's reign, in refpeft of feveral navy, victuallings and tranfport bills% and ord-. nance debentures.

Moft gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS by an a ft of parliament made in the third year Preamb^

of your Majefty's reign, intituled, An ad for granting an- citin^claufet nuities to fatisfy certain navy, vidualling, and tranfport bills, in adGeo.IU. and ordnance debentures; and for charging the payment of fuch annuities on the finking fund ; and making good the fame to the faid fund, in manner therein mentioned ; it was provided and direftedy That all and every perfon and perfons, bodies politic and corporatey who Jbouldy within the time therein limitedy deliver in * certain navy9 viftuallingy and tranfport bilhy and ordnance debentures 9 to be cancelledy in manner thereby direftedy Jbouldy for the principal fum or fums contained therein, and alfo for the intereft marled	\

upon fuch of the faid bills as bore an interefly be refpeftivety intitled toy and havey an annuity after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, to commence from the twenty fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty three, and to be payable half-yearly at the bank of England, to fuch perfon or perfonsy bodies politic or corporate, or fuch as he, Jhe, or they Jhould appoint his, her, or their executors, admimjbators, fucceffors, or aJfignSy until redemption thereof by parliament, in manner therein mentioned ; and that all fuch monies Jhould be deemed to be one capital or joint jlock on which the faid annuities Jhould be attending: and whereas the feveral principal monies contained in the bills and debentures delivered in and cancelledy together with fuch intcrejl as aforefaid, which vjere converted into a capital or joint ftock, in purfuance of the faid aft, did amount to the fum of three millions four hundred eighty three thou-find five hundred fifty three pounds, one Jbillingy and ten pence ;

D 4	end

4*	Anno fexto Georgii IIL g. 21;	[1765

and whereas ont fourth part of tbt /aid capital or joint flock bail been redeemed in purfuance of an ait made in the lafl feffton of parliament , whereby the faid flock was reduced to the Jum of two millions fix hundred and twelve thoufand fix hundred and fixty four pounds, fixteen fhillings, and four pence halfpenny ; and whereas your Majefty s mofl dutiful and loyal fubjeiis the commons of Great Britain in parliament ajfembled have refohed, That one third part of the faid remaining capital flock be redeemed and paid. off on the twenty fifth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty fix \ and feveral public notices have been given of the faid refolutim bf the fpcaker of the houje of commons, purfuant to the order of tbit Notices given houfe \ and therefore your faithful commons do mod humbly by thefpeaker beieech your Majefty, that it my	be ena&ed j	and	be it en-

of the houfe	a<5ted by the King’s mod excellent	Majefty, by	and	with the

of thcreHa<*v’cc anc* conient °f the lords fpiritual and temporal, and tiontoredeern commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the au-one third of thority of the fame, That fuch notices as aforefaid (hall be, the remaining and be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be, good and fufficient joint ftock of n0fm^c or notices within the true intent and meaning of the blift^d byC^a afor the redemption of one third part of the (aid re-Geo. Ill/	maining capital or joint ftock, and	of the annuities	attending

deemed fuf-	on fuch part; and the fame (hall be	redeemable	and	redeemed

fictent; accordingly.

and the fum II. And be it further enafted by the authority afbvdaid, of 870*8881. That on or before the twenty-fifth day of December, one thou-^s to belaid *®vcn hundred and fixty fix, there (hall and may be iflfued and into the bank Pa*^ t0 govcrnor and company of the bank of England, th< on or before ’ fum of eight hundred feventy thoufand eight hundred eight* *5 Dec. 1766, eight pounds, five (hillings, and five pence halfpenny, out of al thfLd or anV aic*s or fuPP^es granted in this feffion of parliameni this lelfion (except any particular aid or fupply which hath been, or (hal * be, in the fame fefiion, fpecially and intirely appropriated to an] tn be applied one particular ufe or purpofe) which fum (hall be applied b] accordingly, the (aid governor and company in payment of the like fum a eight hundred fevonty thoufand eight hundred eighty eigb pounds, five (hillings, and five pence halfpenny, for the ye-demption and full fatisfa&ion of one third part of the faid remaining capital or joint ftock.

The faid mo- III. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid 4iey to be That on or before the faid twenty fifth day of December, otu iijued,byway thoufand feven hundred and fixty fix, there (hall and may, b] the’bank/by or<*er of the commiflioners of the treafury, or any three or mon an order of of them, or the high treafurer for the time being, without an] treafury, out further or other warrant to be fued for, had, or obtained, ir of the linking that behalf, be iffued and paid at the receipt of his Majefty’: *und *	exchequer, to the governor and company of the bank of Eng

land, by way of impreft and upon account, out of the furpluflfes cxcefles, or overplus monies, commonly called the Sinking Fum (upon which the faid annuities were charged by the faid a£ made in the third year of his prefent Majefty’s reign) fuch fun of money as (ball be qeccflary for the difchargc of the annul

tie

4*

ties attending fuch one third part of the faid remaining joint dock, from the twenty ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty fix, to the twenty fifth day of Decern* her following, inclufive 5 v which futn (hall be applied by the faid governor and company in difcharge of fuch annuities accord- ^ an_ ingly, at the fame time that the refpeltive principal monies com- nuitiai lb re-pofing fuch one third part (hall be paid and fatisfied ; and that deemed are to all fuch annuities, in refpeft of fuch one third part, (hall ceafe and be extinguilhed, from the twenty fifth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty ux.	’

IV.	And be it further enalted by the authority aforefaid,

That the fums of money which (hall be iflued and applied by 'purpofeoKof virtue of this ad, out of the faid furplufles, excefles, or over- the bnkiog plus monies, for payment of the faid annuities, (hall be made faad arete good and replaced by and out of the fupplies to be granted in the next feffion of parliament.	nextfupplkt.'

V.	Provided always, and be it further enalted by the au-

thority aforefaid. That if all or any part of the principal mo- J^tobefSI nies com pofing fuch part of the faid remaining capital or joint up to jJ^cT flock, hereby intended to be redeemed, (hall be paid and fa- 1764. tisfied at the bank of England, before the twenty fifth day of December^ one thouland feven hundred and fixty fix, the faid governor and company (hall, notwithftanding the fame, pay, and they are hereby impowered to pay, in refped of the principal monies fo difcharged, the full fums which the annuities attending the fame would have amounted to on the twenty fifth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty-fix 1 any thing herein, or in any other alt, contained to the contrary notwithflanding.

VI.	Provided alfo, and be it further enalled by the autho- The bank rity aforefaid. That the faid governor and company, or any

member thereof, (hall not incur any difability for or by reafon foao7t2saft-

of his or their doing any matter or thing in purfuance of this

alt.

VII. And be it further enalled by^he authority aforefaid.

That if any perfon or perfons (hall, at any time or times, be filed, molefted, or profecuted, for any thing by him or them done or executed in purfuance of this alt, or of any matter or thine therein contained, fuch perfon or perfons (hall and may plead the general iffue, and give the fpecial matter in evidence 0enetmi ifftm for his and their defence i and if a verdilt (hall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall discontinue his or their altion, or be nonfuited, or judgement (hall be given agaiofi him or them upon demurrer, or other-wife ; then fuch defendant or defendants (hall have treble cods Ttebtecfft* to him or them awarded againft Jiich plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP.

\

4*

Anno fcxto Georgii III. c.22.	[1765.

CAP. XXII.

Jn ail to regulate the loading of Jbips with coals in the ports of Newcaftle and Sunderland.

\X7 HE RE AS the prefent methods of loading coal Jbips in the Preamble. yy port$ 0j> Newcaft]e ang Sunderland, are inconvenient to the coal trade $ for remedy whereof, may it pleafe your Majefty that it may be enadted; and be it enacted by the King's moft excellent majefty by and with the advice and confentof the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parlia-Resular and mcnt Ambled, and by the authority of the fame, That from tntcTifti to be and after the firft day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and kept and hung fixty fix, all fitters, agents, or others, vending fea coals, and up by the fit- loading (hips with the fame, at the ports of Newcajlle and Sun-Snt^of^he derlana^ (hall keep regular and true lifts of (hips entered at their fiript entered refpedtive offices for loading of all fuch coals as they ufually •ttbeirrefpec- vend ; which lifts fhall be hung up or placed in fome confpicu-tive offices. 0us part of the refpe&ive offices, in order that the fame may be Provifionsand *nfpe&e(l by any tnafter or mate of a (hip applying for the fame \ regulations and when the mafter or mate of any (hip which (hall then be wShrefpe^topaft or within two miles of Tinmouth Bary9or within two miles the entering cf the port or harbour of Sunderland, as the cafe may be, fhall Jhipsincourfe. apply to the office of any fuch fitter, agent, or vender of coals, and make a tender in ca(h, or in bank pod bills, payable feven days after fight, to the amount of the coals at the refpe&ive prices the fevcral forts of fuch coals are then fold at, together with the ufual charges of carrying the fame from the ftaiths to the (hip; fuch (hip (hall be immediately entered in the lift of fuch fitter, agent or vender of coals as aforefaid, next after the laft (hip which (hall then be entered in fuch lift, and (hall be loaded in its due turn by fuch fitter, agent, or vender, at the port of Newcajlle or Sunderland refpeeftively ; or if the mafter or mate of any (nip, who (hall fo apply within the port of New-cajlle, (hall produce lightermens notes or bills of exchange to a lufficient amount, andtefire time, not exceeding two hours after the bank at Newcajlle (hall be open, in order to convert the fame into ca(h, fuch (hip (hall be neverthelcfs immediately entered upon fuch lift; and if the money of fuch bank port bills as aforefaid, to the amount of the loading of coals, and the charges *	as aforefaid, (hall be brought or tendered to the faid fitter, agent,

or vender, of coals within the time aforefaid, fuch (hip (hall have the fame turn as it would have been intitled to if cafh had been tendered on the firft application of the mafter or mate thereof, in manner aforefaid ; and the mafter or mate who (hall have his (hip entered in any fuch lift as aforefaid, or be entitled agent, &c. t0 a loading of coals from any fitter, agent, or vender, of coals, with whom it by means of the provifions aforefaid, (hall be obliged to load is entered. his (hip with fuch fitter, agent, or vender, in whofe lift fuch (hip (hall have been entered, or fuch loading applied for as a-Provifiont fprefajd ; and if fuch mafter or mate chufes to alter the fort of with re'peft to coals for exportation, he (hall be at liberty fo to do, provided

bo

(hip to be

the fitter or &c.

>7^5-]

Anno lexto Georgii III. c. 22.

*3

he loads with the lame fitter, agent, or vender, at the ufual altering the price; and if any fitter, agent, or vender, of coals at the faid k* wcoals. ports, or either of them, (hall neglcft or omit to keep fuch liftkccpingfuch in manner herein before defcribed, or (hall refufe infpedlion lift f thereof to any mailer or mate of any (hip applying for the fame, or refilling in-at any time between the hours of feven in the morning and feven fp^bonthereat night; or (hall refufe or omit to enter or load any fuch Ihip, *notloading upon the conditions aforefaid, fo far as the faid conditions re- upon the con-late to the faid ports refpeftively, or (hall wilfully or unnecefia- ditions afore-rily delay the loading and difpatching of any fuch (hip; or if any mailer or mate of any fucb Ihip (hall enter the fame for any one turn with more than one fitter, agent, or vender, of forfeit coals as aforefaid ; or (hall load fuch fhip with any other fitter, iool. agent, or vender, than where fuch fhip was entered for that Mailer aaing turn ; every fuch fitter, agent, or vender, and every fuch mailer or mate of any fuch (hip, (hall, for every offence refpeftively, preferfbedj forfeit and pay the fum of one hundred pounds; one moifty forfeits a Ukt thereof to his Majefty, his heirs, and fucceffors, and the other fu®« moiety to fuch perfon or perfons who (hall be injured by fuch, offence, and (hall fue for the fame in any of his Majefty's courts of record at IVeJlminJler, within the fpace of fix calendar months after the offence committed.

IT. Provided always neverthelefs, and be it further enafted, Dire&ing the That no fitter of the faid port of Sunderland (hall be compelled courfeonoad-or obliged to take upon his lift, or load in turn, any Ihip ex-ceeding the burthen of fixfeen keels; and when the owner or mailer, having the care of any Ihip entered in fuch lift, (hall have taken in as many coals in the faid harbour as he (hall think fit, every fuch fitter (nail be at liberty to load the next (hip in turn on his lift, within the faid harbour, and fo on until fome one or more of fuch (hips (hall have failed out of the faid harbour into the road, which fhips (hall then be loaded up in the faid road in turn as they (land in fuch lift, as foon as the weather will permit; and the owner or mailer, having the care of any fuch Ihip fo lying and loading up in the road, (hall be anfwerable to the fitter loading up fuch (hip, for the lofsor damage of any keel or keels, and the coals on board them, fent off to load up fuch (hip, as has been cuftomary.

III.	And whereas the iron manufacture near Newcajlle, be- Crowley longing to miftrefs Crowley and company, have large (landing andcompa*7* contracts for ferving his Majefly’s navy with (lores of fundry ny’» (hips to kinds; and that their three (hips (about one hundred and fixty take in coals tons burthen each) which bring a few coals at bottom, may ™ Sleir"*1 " not be detained, which may be of great detriment to the to- turn*, vernment fervice, they are hereby excepted, and permitted to

have what coals they want for ballad, while they are employed In the above fervice, as foon as they have occafion to order fhem, without waitingnheir turn in rotation.

IV.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Publick i&. That this aft (hall continue in force for feven years, and (hall

fpe defined, adjudged, and tafcen to be, a {niblick aft.; and he

judicially taken notice of as fuch by all judges, juftices, and other perfons whatfoever, without fpecially pleading the lame.

CAP. XXIII.

Anaftto amend an a# made in the lafi feffion of parliament* intituled, An ad for repealing fevend laws relating to the manufadure of woollen cloth in the countv of York y and alfo fo much of feveral other laws as prelcribes particular ftandards of width and length of fuch woollen cloths \ and for fubftituting other regulations of the doth trade within the weft riding of me faid county \ for preventing frauds in certifying the contents of the cloth •, and for preferving the credit of the faid manufadure at the foreign market.

faimble9 re<

citing aft 5 Geo. j.

* %

Juftices to ap point mifT idfcchers, in-foe&or*, and luperviiors.

WHEREAS the aft made in the fifth year of the reion of his prefent Majejiy, intituled, An ad for repealing feve-tal laws relating to the manufadure of woollen cloth in the county of York-, and alfo fo much of feveral other laws as pre-fcribes particular ftandards of width and length of fuch wool* Jen cloths; and for fubftituting other regulations of the cloth trade within the weft riding of the faid county; for preventing frauds in certifying the contents of the cloth; and for prefers mg the credit of the faid manufadure at the foreign market; hatby in fome refpeCisy been found to be inconvenient to the dealers in the faid trade and manufactory^ and not fufiuieit or effectual to remove or re-tnedy fome of toe abufes intended to be thereby prevented, and which fiill continue to be praCiifed in the faid trade; and in regard fevered perfons concerned in the faid trade and manufactory may inadvertently and unavoidably become fubjeCt and liable to divers penalties and for-feitures thereby directed to be levied, to the great lofs and damage of divers innocent perfons, and the difeouragement of the Jaid manufactory \ wherefore, for continuing fo much of the laid ad as is apprehended to be beneficial, and for explaining and amending the lame, fo as more efFedually to fupport and preferve a trade fo advantageous, and of fo great importance to this kingdom, and for repealing fuch of the claufes and provifions therein contained, as are found to be burthenfome to the faid trade, and not effedual for preferving the credit thereof, or preventing the frauds intended to be prevented; be it enaded by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent ♦ parliament aflembled, and by tlie authority of the fame. That the juftices of the peace for the faid weft riding of the (aid county of York (not being dealers in woollen cloth, or occupiers of any fulling-mill) at their general quarter feftions of the peace to be holden at Bradford, in and for tho faid riding, next aftef the twenty fourth day of June* one thoufand feven hundred ana fixty fix, or at (onae adjournment of the fame, and at their general quarter feftions of the peace to be holden next after Mid-

umnu*

1765.3 ^nno fexto Georou III. c. 23,	gjj

fummer yearly at Bradford» in and for the faid riding, (hall and may, and they are hereby authorized and required to chufe, nominate, ana appoint, fuch and fo many perfona of good charader and repute (having been brought up in the manufacture of woollen cloth in the faid riding, and being under the age of (ixty years) to be fearchers or meafurera doth at the fulling-mills, and to be infpcdors and fupervw-fors for the purpofes in the faid former ad mentioned, as they in their diferetion (hall think proper; which (aid fearchers or meafurers, infpcdors and fupervifors refpedivdy, (ball have all the fame powers and authorities, and be refpedivdy fubjed to the fame rules, limitations and teftridions, as in and by the faid act of the fifth year of his prefent Majdty’s reign, ate re-(pedively dedared, given, appointed, or limited, except as is herein after, by this prefent ad, otherwife ordered, diroded, or provided for.

II.	And be it further enaded, That the faid fearchers or g««rcben to meafurers of doth at the mills, to be cbofen, appointed, and meaftire (tationed, by virtue of this and the (aid former ad, (hall, and doth*, and they are hereby authorized and required, at their refpedive feal them* fulling-mills, where they (hall be refpedivdy (tationed or placed,

to mcafure all the doths and half cloths which (ball be there milled refpedivdy, at the refpedive times, and in manner ia the faid former ad mentioned and appointed and every fuels fearcher and meafurer (hall, on one end of every fuch doth, before it (hall be carried from the mill, affix and nvet fetch feal of lead as in the (aid former ad is mentioned, and (lamp, in words and figures plainly to be read and diftinguhhed, upon every fuch nvet, his name, and the name of the mill where he is to (tationed ; and upon the refidue of fuch feal, the length and breadth of every fuch doth, together with the number of each of fuch cloths milled at fuch mill fucceffively, beginning at number one, and proceeding progrelfively as in the (aid former ad is mentioned.

III.	And it is hereby further ensded by the authority afore- penalty on Cud, That if any of the faid infpedors or fupervifors (nail find null (wcher any cloth, or end or half doth, fidfely (tamped by any meafurer

or fearcher of broad woollen doth, above one inch in breadth **"*7* in more than one third part of the length thereof, or above half a yard in length, fuch infpedor or fupcrviibr (hall, within feven days after the fame (hall be difcovered, give information thereof to one of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace for the (aid riding, or any corporation within the fame where fuch offence (haU be committed (net being a dealer in woollen doth, or occupier of any fulling-mill) and on convidion of fuch meafurer or fearcher, before any fuch juftice of the peace as aforefaid, fuels fearcher or meafurer (hall forfeit and pay for every fuch offence the (urn of ten (hillings, to be recovered as any other penalty ia hereby direded to be recovered.	1

. IV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enaded by the Merchant authority aforetiud. That if the merchant or buyer of any fuch Pe^“K^b'»

\6	Ahno	fexto Georgii III. c.

doth (hill fufpeCl the real and true lengths and breadths of fuch doth not to be the fame as (lamped on the feal affixed to fuch cloth by the meafurer or fearcher at the mill as aforefaid ; then, and in fuch cafe, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the merchant or buyer of fuch cloth, witnin forty days next after the fale and delivery of fuch cloth (and before the fame (hall have been raifed, rowed, drefled, dyed, or put in water) to put fuch cloth into cold water for arty timenot exceeding four hours; and after the fame (hall be- fully wet arid taken out of fuch water, to hang the fame acrofs a plain rail or horfe-tree, to be provided by fuch merchant or buyer, for anytime notlefs than two hours, and not more Penalty for than four hours ; and then immediatdy to caufe the fame to be fraudulent	meafured by fome fwom fearcher, meafurer, infpeCtor, or fupervi-

for: and if upon fuch admeafurement lad mentioned, there (hall be found a lefs or fmaller quantity of cloth in length, or lef9 or fmaller quantity in breadth in more than one third part of the length thereof, than is mentioned on any of the feals affixed to fuch cloth by any fearcher, meafurer, or fupervifor, who before meafured the fame; in every fuch cafe, the fearcher, meafurer* infpeCtor, or fupervifor, who lad meafured fuch cloth, (hall and he is hereby required, within three days next after fuch laftad-meafuremerit, to give information to one of his Majefty’s juftice* of the peace for the faid riding, or any corporation within the fame, (not being a dealer in woollen cloth, or occupier of any fulling-mill) that the fearcher, meafurer, or fupervifor, who before meafured and (lamped the (aid cloth, did wilfully and knowingly affix fuch falfe and fraudulent feals to fuch cloth $ ond fuch meafurer, fearcher, or fupervifor, being thereof convicted before fuch juftice, upon the oath of fuch meafurer, fearcher, infpeCtor, or fupervifor, who lad meafured the faid cloth, or of any other credible witnefs, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the refpe&ive penalties and fums following;-that is to fay. For the firft inch in breadth, or half yard in length, that fuch cloth or end of cloth (hall fall (hort of the meafara (lamped and marked on the feals thereto by him affixed, the fum of five (hillings ; and for every other inch in breadth* or half yard in length, fo over (lamped, the further fum of ten (hillings: the (aid penalties, after deducting thereout the cods and charges of fuch profecution and conviction, to be paid and applied, one moiety to the informer, and the other moiety to the treafurer of the faid weft riding: and in cafe any fearcher, meafurer, infpeCtor, or fupervifor, who laft meafured fuch cloth, (hall fail or negleCt, by thefpace of three days next after fuch laft admeafurement, to give fuch information aa aforefaid; then, and in every fuch cafe, fuch fearcher, mea-fiirer, infpeCtor, or fupervifor, being convicted before any fuch juftice as aforefaid, of having wilfully failed or negleCled to give fuch information for the fpace of three days as aforefaid, (hall for fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum ot forty (hillings, and (hall from thenceforth be for ever difabled to hold, cxercife, or enjoy, apy office under or by virtue of this aSL

V. And

| Aiinp fexto Georgii III. c. 23.	47

ini be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That in all .Where falfe fe$, upon fuch admeafurement of any fuch cloth as afore- fca,s ar? here the fame (hall be found to be of lefs length or oftor,n&c!"tc^ sadth, for above one third part of the length thereof, new Teals, tall be mentioned on the feal or feats thereto affixed, by which (hall be rcher, meafurer, or fupervifor, who meafured and ftamp-thc °f -• fame, or by the maker of fuch cloth ; then, and in every fhe feflcr to ife, the fearcher, meafurer, infpe&or, or fupervifor, who forfeit double afured the fame, (hall, immediately upon fuch admea-the deficiency, nt, affix on every fuch cloth or end of cloth, a new fealor th*

' feals of lead, and rivet the lame, and (hall (lamp, or dothback. o be imprefled upon every fuch rivet, his own name, ad-hereto the words infpector or fupervifor; and upon the al, words, or letters and figures, denoting the true length y fuch cloth or end of cloth, (accounting thirty feven to the yard in length) and the breadth thereof between s, in inches, at the time of, and according to fuch ad-ement; and that the length and number of yards, by leafurer, fearcher, infpe&or^ or fupervifor, fo (lamped on :als as aforefaid, (hall be the rule of payment for fuch >y the merchant or buyer thereof; fave only that fuch ant or buyer (in order to difeourage the vending or ex* to fale or any fuch cloth with fuch defective or fraudu* als) (hall and may, and he is hereby authorized and im* ed, to dedull and retain to himfell, out of the. price of loth upon which the maker, fearcher, meafurer, or fuper-(hall have fixed fuch defe&ive and fraudulent feals as, lid, double the value or amount of fo many yards, or parts fard thereof, out of the number of yards in length, fo ?d upon fuch feals, by fuch fearcher, meafurer, infpe&or* ervifor, who la(t meafured and (lamped the fame as afore-is the (aid cloth, or end of cloth, (hall fall (hort in quan-■ the length and breadth refpedlively imprefled on the for-raudulent feal fo affixed* by the maker or feller thereof;

the maker or feller of fuch cloth (hall, within three days ifter notice of fuch deficiency to him given by the mer-or buyer of fuch cloth, accept the fame again, and repay : merchant or buyer thereof, all fuch Turn and fums of y as fuch maker or feller of fuch cloth (hall have received rment, or part of payment for fuch cloth, together with reafonable ex peaces as fuch merchant or buyer (hall have arily expended or been put unto, for or upon account of Jefedive cloth or cloths.

. And it is hereby further enacled. That in cafe any mer- InTpcaor or , or buyer or feller of cloth, (hall be diflatisfied with any fuperyifor,&c. ifurcment to be made by any fuch lad mentioned fearcher, lt^npln? irer, infpc&or, or fupervifor, as aforefaid, and (hall have fa|fcly, * to fufpeA the true length and breadth of any cloth, or >f doth, fo meafured by fuch lad-mentioned fearcher, trer, infpe&or, or fupervifor, not to agree with the feal or by him thereto affixed; then, and in luch cafe, fuch mer-3 *	chant.

48s

on information and con-fiffionj

to be fubjeA ton penalty.

and lofe hit office.

Where infpec-tor fufpeA* frauds in cloth, be may require to fee the lame put in water.

Penalty on fupemforor infbtdor refuting to meafure when called upon.

InfpeAor, &c. to give fccuri-

Anno fexto GeoRGII III. c. 23,	[176f.

chant, buyer or feller refpcAively, (hall and mar, within (even days after any fuch admeafurement fo fufpeAed (hall be made, give information thereof, before one or more juftice or juftices of the peace for the (aid riding, or any corporation within the fame (not being' dealers in woollen cloth) and every fuch fearcher, meafurer, infpeAor, or fupervifor, having wilfully or fraudulently meafured fuch cloth, and being conviAed or fuch ofience, upon the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witnefles, before any fuch juftice or juftices as aforefaid, (which oath fuch juftice or juftices is hereby impowered to adminifter) (hall, for fuch offence, forfeit and pay for the firft inch in breadth, or half yard in length, that fuch cloth, or end of cloth, (hall exceed or fall fhort of the meafure ftamped and marked on the feals thereto by him aftixed, the fum of twenty (hillings : and in cafe fuch cloth, or end of cloth, (hall exceed or fall (hort more than two inches in breadth, or one yard in length, of the meafure ftamped and marked thereon by fuch fearcher, meafurer, infpeAor, or fupervifor; then fuch fearcher, meafurer, in-foeAor, or fupervifor, upon fuch conviAion as aforefaid, (ball forfeit and lofe his office, and be di(charged therefrom by fuch juftice or juftices, before whom he (hall be fo conviAed, and (hall, from thenceforth, be for ever difabled to hold, exercife^ or enjoy any office under or by virtue of this aA.

VII.	And be it further enaAed by the authority aforefaid, That in cafe anv infpeAor (hall have reafon to fufpeA that any doth or cloths (nail be in the pofleflion of any merchant, buyer, drefler, or cloth-worker, which hath or have not been truly ftamped and meafured at the fulling-mill; that then, and in fuch cafe, the faid infpeAor (hall and may give notice to focb merchant, buyer, drefler, or cloth-worker, of fuch his fufpicion,' describing the cloth or cloths by the maker’s name or feal thereon refpeAively, which he fo fufpeAs to be unduly ftamped ; after which notice fo given, as aforefaid, fuch merchant, drefler, or cloth-worker, (hdl give two hours notice to fuch in-fpeAor of the time or times at which he intends to put fuch cloth or cloths into water, in order that fuch infpeAor may attend the wetting and meafuring of fuch cloth or cloths5 and if fuch merchant, dreffer, buyer, or cloth-worker, (hall, without or contrary to fuch notice, put fuch cloth or cloths into water, and be thereof legally conviAed, he (hall forfeit, for every fuch offence, the fum of twenty (hillings.

VIII.	And it is hereby further enaAed, That if any fupervifor or infpeAor (hall wilfully refufe or negleA to attend for the purpofe of meafuring and ftamping any cloth, or end of cloth as aforefaid, for the fpace of two hours after due notice

S'ven to him in that behalf, he or they fo negleAingor refuting, all, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of twenty (hillings, to be recovered and applied in manner after mentioned.

IX.	And it is hereby further enaAed and declared. That every fearcher, meafurer, infpeAor, and fupervifor, to be appointed

by

Anno fcxto Georgii III. c. 23.	49

e and in pursuance of this or the faid former adt, (hall, ty f°i* making e enters upon the execution of his office, at his own ex- ®ue accounti» ve and execute a bond to the treafurer of the faid weft r the time being, with a furcty to be approved by the ippointing him to the laid office, in the penalty of fifty conditioned for the duly accounting for, and paying ey by him, from time to time, to be received by vir-id in the execution of his office.

nd be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That Jnfpedbr or lot be lawful for any infpedtor or fupervifor, to be ap- fupervifor not by virtue of this or the faid former adl^ at any time to^nter mer-■, to enter into any houfe, warehoufe, or outhoufe, of orwarehoufe* chant or merchants, drefler or drellers, or any other (except where 1 cloth (unlefs fuch places (hall be made ufe of for dref- cloth is there itering, or keeping of wet or undrefled cloth) under drefled) toex-of fearching for, or examining any woollen cloth,

5 (hall fulpedt to be talfely damped, or unduly ftretched cloths, sd, by virtue or under colour of this or any former adt tment; or to fearch or examine any cloth after the fame nor to exa-put up in papers for prefling, or lent to be frized; or minc cloths e have been fully manufactured, or fitted for exPor-™fsy ^ fent r home confumption ; any thing in the faid recited adt (0 f^ze. antrary notwithstanding.

ind be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, Penalty on any perfon or perfons whatfoever (hall willingly take perfonstaking

r,	or counterfeit, deface, obliterate, or cut out, any feal off> *c-

of lead, hereby, or by the faid former adt, diredted to name, or for and riveted to every or any cloth or half cloth, or the having cloth letters, and words thereon (tamped, made, or fet, or In their cufto-woven or fewed, before the cloth be put in papers for

s,	or into the frizing-mill to be frized ; or if any in- the feats cut or fupervifor (hall, at any time after the faid twenty off, See. or lay of Junty one thoufand feven hundred and (ixty fix, cloth over-

woollen cloth, after the times herein diredted for feal- fetched, {re. fame, without the feal or feals hereby, or by the faid idt, diredted to be put thereon ; or find fuch feal or feals counterfeited, or altered, (except fuch feal or feals has been accidentally loft, or malicioufly taken off;) or d any fuch cloth, or end of cloth, which (hall appear aark, (tamp, or feal, affixed by the fearcher, meafurer, r, or (ipervifor, who laft meafured the fiune, to be :ched or (trained, either in breadth or length beyond the alls allowed of and provided by this prefcnt adt; or that a mark, fpecifying or denoting the name and place of f the maker of fuch cloths, (hall be cut out or altered ; cafe every perfon or perfons lb offending, or the mer*

Jrefler, dothier, or owner, in whofe cuftodv any fuch ithout feals, (except as aforefaid) or with the feals, oc ind place of abode, of fuch maker, defaced, cut out, or ted, or fooverftretched or (trained, (hall be found, being lcgdly convi&cd, for every fuch offence (hall forfeit fuch XXVir.	£	tutu

$»

Sion to ctftfc

Anno fcxto Georgii III. c.23.	[176^,

fum of money, not exceeding the Aim of forty (hillings, nor left than twenty (hillings, as to the juftice or juftices, before whom he (hall be convicted, (hall feem proper and requifite.

Per font charg- XII. And be it further enacted. That any perfon or perloni, •d with any againft whom any information (hall be made, by any merchant* offence, may buyer, feller, owner, or drefler of cloth, for any offence or of# STthemer- ^nccs committed againft this adt, by falfe fealing or ftampint chants hands) any cloth or cloths, (hall and may, and are hereby authorizes and on refu- and impowered, within two days after notice of fuch informa-proCecu- tion t0 bim or them given, to go to the houfe of fuch merchant^ owner, or drefler of cloth, in fuch information mentioned, and requeft to fee the faid cloth, to examine whether the charge al* ledged in fuch information be juft, and whether any frauds baas been committed by the merchant, drefler, or owner, of the fame; and that upon the merchant, drefler, buyer, or owner, of fuch cloth, refufing to permit and fuffer fuch offender or offenders to fee or examine fuch cloth as aforefaid, (unlefs the fame (hall, before that time, be put in papers for prefllng, or fent to be frized) fuch profecution fo commenced againft fuch offender or offenders (hall ceafe, and any convidlion to be made thereupon (hall be void and of none effedt; and in cafe of wilfiil refufal, by any merchant or buyer, fo to (hew fuch cloth, fuch merchant or buyer (hall lofe all benefit of dedudtion out of the price of fuch cloth as aforefaid.

XIII. And whereas by the faid aft of the fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majefiy, every clothier and maker of fuch cloth as afen± /aid* is required, at the time of making thereof, to weave or few if* to the head of the cloth, in difimft letters or words, plain to be readt at length, the name and place of abode of fuch clothier and maker, under the penalty of twenty Jhillitigs for expofing the fame to foie, without having fuch name and place of abode in words at length Jewed into fuch cloth, which has been the occofion of feveral poor clothiers being convifted for fafe /polling or abbreviating their name and plate of abode, to their great lofs and difeouragement; wherefore, to prevent as much as poflible any fuch hard and fevere profecution* which fuch clothier is now fubject to, he ir further enadted. That every clothier and maker of fuch cloth as aforefaid, who

clotb to weave (hall weave or few into the head of every cloth, and end of therein a?** c^ot^* hie name and place of abode, either in didtindt letters or words, or in fome common or known ufual abbreviation, fufiicient to be read or underftood, before he (hall expofe the fame to fale, fhall in fuch cafe not be fubjedt to or liable to be profecuted for the penalty inflidted by the faid adt for not in-ferting the fame in diftindt letters or words plain to be read at length; any thing in the faid adt contained to theeontnurynofr> withstanding.

XIV.	And whereas by the faid laft mentioned aft of the fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majefiy, the jufiices of the peace for tbejmt tvefi riding are impowered, at their general quarter fefjmsoftbi

Makers of

length, or in a common abbreviation.

Peace	tt be held yearly	after Eafter, to make and iffiu orders mi

veral	effieerstt	b appointed by virUtt

directions te the Jtverm 4



by.J	Anno fexco Georgii III. c.23.	§*

I,	fir tbr mart effiilaal txuution thereof, as to tbtm Jhall ftem U; which power is apprehended to be of no ufe to the fetid trout or	.

wmfaStwt, but may prove inecirutnient to the dealers therein-, by former »& mion be it enadicd by the authority aforefaid, That the (aid to jufticet at «r given by the laid ad, to the juftices in feffions, to make quarter fef-1 order* and regulations as aforefaid, (hall from henceforth ““?*

1 and the fame is hereby, revoked and repealed, and declared executing the “ I void and of no force or effetf.	aft repealed.

And it is hereby further enabled. That if amr perfon or Penalty on whatloever, after the twenty fourth day of June, one overftretcb-mmud feven hundred and fixty fix, (hall ftretch or drain, or ter procure to be ftretched or drained, any whole or long *

^ or end or half cloth, more than one yard (confiding or rfcren inches) in every twenty yards of the length thereof,

1 the like proportion for cloths of greater or fefs length, re than one inch in every twelve inches of the breadth f, above or beyond the length or breadth of fuch cloth 1 and denoted upon the damp or fcal thereon fixed by chcr, tneafurer, fupervifor, or infpedtar, who lad mea-Itfce fame as aforefaid; then, and in fuch cafe, every per-ofiending, and being thereof conviAed by the oath of ■ more credible witnefs or witnefies, before one or more Ijoffice or juftices of the peace of the faid riding, or of fome ‘an within the fame, not being a dealer in the woollen ture, or farmers or occupiers of a fulling-mill asafore-ilttil, for the firft half yard in length fuch cloth, or end of , Hull be fo over-ftretched, forfeit and pay the fum of five gs; and alfo for every quarter of a yard above fuch half 1 ten (hillings ; and for the firft inch in breadth fuch cloth, lof cloth, fhall be overftretched or Drained, forfeit and pay 1 of five (hillings ; and alfo for every inch above the firft I ten (hillings; which faid Turns (hall be recovered and ap-linthe fame manner as the other penalties are herein di-I to be recovered and applied.

X And whereas by the lajl mentioned aft, the ufing of cards Hatters ctrdi ah wire, or with wire teeth, or any other metal, in dr effing may he ufed 1 it prohibited under the penalty of forty /hillings; but it has for driking 1 ufeful in the drtjjtng of cloth, and without damaging the c’otb* UP°® \temaht ufe of wire cards, commonly called fine hatters cards, only'***1* w/riiing or plaining of cloth upon the tenters, for the better 7* hying the wool -, it is therefore enabled, That it (hall f be lawful for any perfon or perfons in the (hiking or _ of cloth upon the tenters only, to make ufe of fitch called fine batters cords, for the better laying the wool,

■(■during the laid cloth, without being Aibied to, dr any profeeution for the faid penalty, in the faid alt for making ufe of wire cards in the drefling of cloth.

And it is hereby further enaded, provided, and de-oftoennatto That in cafe any of the officers to be appointed, or who keep apobtisk jU, exerdie, or enjoy, any office or place under or by bowfe, of leflbfeor the find former ad, (ball keep a publick	•

E*	fotttOa.

r

Appointment ot officers to be made at

Suarter fef-ons.

|2	Anno	(exto	Georgii	III.	c. 23.	^1765.

• for the felling of ale, beer, or other liquors, or (hall follow or be concerned in the making, buying, or felling, any wool, woollen manufactures, or goods, commonly made ufc of in dying; or in cafe any fuch officer or officers, perfon or perfons, to be appointed by virtue of this or the faid former aCt, (hall be guilty of any miibehaviour or negleCt of duty in his office, and (bafl be thereof convicted by the oath of one or more witoeft or witnefies, before any two or more fuch juftices as afora-faid; it (hall and may be lawful to and for the juftices, at the quarter feffions held for the faid riding next after fuch convidua^ on producing the fame, or due proof thereof, and they ait hereby required to difeharge and remove fuch officer or perion, fo convicted, from his office, and to appoint another proper perfon in his room and ftead; and fuch perfon or perfons fo convicted and removed from his office for fuch offence, (hall bet from thenceforth, for ever difabled to hold, exercife, or enjoy, any office under or by virtue of this or the faid former adt.

XVIII.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enaCta), That the appointment of all and every officers by the juftices of the peace for the faid weft riding, by the faid recited aCt directed to be made at the quarter feffions held next after Rafter yearly for the faid riding, (hall, at all times hereafter, be madehy the faid juftices at the quarter feffions held for the faid riding at Bradford, next after Midfummcr yearly.

XIX.	And it is hereby further enaCted, That all informations vvhcn#offenccs re^at‘nS t0 anY offences to be committed againft this or the faid (hail be profe- former aCt (except where it is otherwife therein refpedtively pro-cuted, and vided for) fhall be made and given within ten days after luck

offence fhall be difeovered; and all and every fuch offences (hall be enquired of and determined, and convictions thereon made, upon oath of one or more credible witnefs or witneftf, by any one or more fuch jultice or juftices of the pe^ce as afore-faid (not being a dealer in woollen cloth, nor occupier of anf fulling-mill as aforefaid) notice being firft given of the charge to the perfon or perfons therewith charged ; and that all fuch penalties and forfeitures as fhall or may happen by reafon of this or the faid former a Cl, fhall, after deducting the charges of 1	fuch conviction, go, and be difpofed of, one half to the perfon

or perfons who fhall give information of the offence on which the conviction fhall be made, and the other half to the faid treafurcr of the faid weft riding; and that fuch part thereof as (hall belong to the faid treafurcr, (hall be received by fuch juftks or juftices before whom fuch conviction lhall be made, and bf him or them immediately paid to fome infpeCtor or fupervifor of broad woollen cloth ; and the receipt of fuch infpeCtor or fupervifor fhall be a fufficient difeharge to fuchjuftice or juftices, Juflices to f°T much money as fhall be therein exprefled to be,received.; fend an aC- and fuchjuftice or juftices (hall alfo, within three months after - count of con- any fuch convictions, as aforefaid, fhall be made by theraj (end, ▼idiombefore or caufe to be font, .an account thereof to the (aid treafurcr, and * to whom fuch penalties and forfeitures ihajl be fo paid.

XX And

forfeitures

applied.

Anno fcxto Georgii III. c. 23.	53

And it is hereby further enaded, That if any offender Penalties how :nders (hall, for the fpace of ten days next after he, (he, rccovcr* :y, (hall be convided of any of the offences aforefaid, ive notice thereof to him, her, or them given, at his, her, ir dwelling-houfe, or laft place of abode, refufe or negled any forfeiture by him, her, or them incurred, by reafon 5 or the faid recited ad, cr (hall not give notice of an ap-) the next quarter feflions, as is herein after provided ; and not before, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the or juftices of the peace, before whom fuch convidion •e made, or any other juftice or juftices of the peace for d riding, or any corporation within the fame (not being :r in woollen broad cloth, or occupier of any fulling-mill) a certificate of fuch convidion fent to him or them, from ftice or juftices before whom fuch convidion was made ;

! or they is and arc hereby authorized and required to iffue e or more warrant or warrants, under his or their hand :al, or hands and feals, to the conftable of the town or or bailiff or bailiffs of the liberties, wapentakes, or limits, fuch offender or offenders doth or (hall inhabit, thereby anding him or them to levy the fame by diftrefs and fale offender’s goods and chattels, returning the overplus (if :) after paying likewife the charges of fuch diftrefs and the offender or offenders demanding the fame; and where ficient diftrefs can be found, to commit the offender or ers to the houfe of corredion, for any time not exceed-ree calendar months.

I.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enaded by Perfon* • thority aforefaid. That if any perfon or perfons (hall find grieved mar . her, or themfelves aggrieved, by any order, warrant, or a^terfef-lihation, made by any juftice or juftices, upon any infor- J}0na«

1 by him or them, in purfuance of this ad, fuch perfon Ions may appeal to the next quarter feflions to be held for ;ft riding of the county of York, where fuch determination * made, which (hall not be held within fourteen days.next he caufe of appeal (hall arife, giving ten days notice of to the party in whofe favour fuel: order or determination >e made; and if the juftircs at the faid quarter feflions, confirm or difannul the orders or proceedings of the faid	\

of Juftices, they (hall allow fuch cofts and charges to the	-	1

aggrieved thereby, as they fliall think reafonable, to be	:

and paid in fuch manner as is ufual in cafes of appeal iny order of the juftices of the peace to the feflions, whofe herein (hall be final.

II.	And it is hereby further enaded and declared. That juftices, &c. veral juftices of the peace before whom any convidion to return ac-ic made, by virtue of this ad, as alfo the feveral infpe<^ors^^ ipervifors fo to be appointed as aforefaid, (hall, and they money recciv-reby required, at the four general quarter feflions of the e<i thereon, to ' held ia and for the faid riding* tp return and tranfmit the quarter

f juftices of the peace aflcmtycd al: fuch general .quarter fcflr,gn,#

■* ‘	- E3 ‘ '	* Teffvons,

|4	Anno	fexto	Georgii III. C.23.	[1

v	feflions,	ft	true and perfect account in writing, of all the

vidions that (hall have been made in purfuance of this ad (hall happen within their knowledge; and of all the penaltie forfeitures inflidted or levied by means or on account th which, by virtue of this or the faid former ad, are made able to the faid treafurer for the faid weft riding; and th infpedors and fupervifors (hall pay, or caufe to hie paid, treafurer for the time being, within three calendar month: the receipt thereof, all and every fum and fums of mon* them, or any of them, or for their or any of their ufe, I received, for or on account of any fuch convidion or c< tions, and which, by this or the faid former ad, are mad able, or direded to be accounted for to the faid treafurer Penalty on kid weft riding; and every perfon and perfons negledi their negled, refufing to return and tranfmit fuch account, within t ^	days next after, any of the faid feflions, or to pay, or caufi

paid, fuch fums of money fo by him received, or in their 1 or any part thereof, for the fpace of three calendar months after the receipt thereof refpedively, and being thereof co ed, upon the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witi before any two juftices of the peace of and for the faid

inot being dealers in cloth, or occupiers of any fulling tall forfeit and pay the fum of ten pounds, over and aboi

feveral fums by him or them received in his hands as afor to be recovered, paid, and applied, in fuch manner as the penalties inflidted by this adt are directed to be recovered, and applied.

ThU aftto XXIII. And be it further enabled by the authority afoi extend to all That this aft, and all the penalties and claufes therein co woollen ed, (hall extend to all woollen cloths which (hall be mat cloths, except milled within the weft riding of the county of TToriy 1 described^ narrow woollen cloths as are mentioned and deft i& 11 Geo. i. and for which provifion is made in and by an adt made •nd blanket- eleventh year of the reign of his late majefty King Geor fng.

Second, intituled, An aft for the better regulating of narrou ten cloths in the wejl riding of the county oj York; and alfo < fuch woollen goods as are made for blankets or blank and ftriped duftel’d blankets.

Application of	XXIV. And whereas feveral fums of money have been> ai

money in the be expended by divers perfons, in and about the obtaining this t treafurer’*	afl . anj it /; apprehended that the money expended in obtain

*an *•	faid former afty hath not yet been wholly reimburfed or fati

the perfon or perfons concerned in obtaining the fame; now it is by enadied, That the treafurer of the faid weft riding i time being, (hall, out of the money now in his hands, or (hall hereafter be received by him, on account of the dqti forfeitures herein before, or by the faid former adt, Hi to be paid to fuch treafurer as aforefaid, firft pay the ch^rg .	expences remaining due and unpaid on the account of obi

the faid former adt, and afterwards the charges and expci

obtaining the paifing this adt, together with' fach' ittta*



Anno fcxto Georgii III. c/23.'

55

•II or any part of fuch charges and expences, as the faid juftices, at their general quarter fefiions, to be held next after the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty fix,

(hall order, direct or appoint; and the faid treafurer (hall afterwards pay and apply the faid duties and penalties, as the fame ‘(hall come in and be received, in and for the payment of the ialaries of the fearchers, meafurers, infpeAors, and fupervifors of doth herein before direAed to be chofen and appointed, as aforefaid, in fuch proportions, and in/uch manner, as the faid juftices of the peace, at their general'quarter fefiions yearly to t be held next after Midfummer, (hall direA and appoint.

XXV.	And it is hereby further enaAed by the authority afore- When juftices Aid, That after all the money to be expended in and about the may. incroife obtaining this a A, and yet remaining due of the expences of ^te^nlnifll the (aid recited aA, (hall be totally paid off and difcharged, it

fturil and may be lawful to and for the juftices of the peace for die faid weft riding, at their general quarter fefiions held next after Midfummer yearly, to make orders for the increafing or di-minifhing the rates or duties to be paid for meafuring, (lamping, and fealing of cloth, fo as the fame (hall never exceed the feveral rates or duties herein before, or by the faid former aA, direAed to be paid for the fame.

XXVI.	And be it further enaAed by the authority afbrefaid. Limitation of That if any fuit or aAion (hall be commenced or profecuted aftions. againft any perfon or perfons for any thing done or to be done

in purfuanceof this aA, every fuch fuit or aAion (hall be commenced within (ix calendar months next after the faA committed, and not afterwards; and (hall he laid, brought, and tried, in the county of York, and not elfcwhere; and the defendant or defendants in fuch fuits or aAions (hall and may plead the

Sera] iffuc, and give this aA, and the fpecial matter, in evi- General tffue, ce at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuance of, and by the authority of this aA : and if it (hall appear to be fo done; or if any fuch fuit or aAion (hall be brought after the time before limited for bringing the fame, or (hall be brought in any other county or place, that then the jury (hall find for the defendant or defendants: and upon fuch veraiA 5 or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall become nonfuit, or difcontihue his, her, or their aAion, after the defendant or defendants (hall have appeared ; or if upon demurrer, judgement (hall be given againft the plaintid or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants (hall and may recover treble cofts, and have the like Treble cofts. remedy for the fame as any defendant or defendants hath or have for cofts in other cafes by law.

XXVII.	And it is hereby further enaAed by the authority Certainpenil-aforefaid. That all the penalties and forfeitures which any mea- ties in the for- , fitter, fearcher, or fupervifor, can or may be fubjeA or liable to by virtue of or under the faid former aA, for falfely (lamping peal my doth two indies in breadth and one yard in length, or whfcliaxiy infocAor or fuperyifor may be fubjeA to for negleA-iftg'to gjttfc intbrnuttitn to a juftice of the peace, where cloth ..

E 4

gg	Anno	fexto	Georgii III. c. 24.	"	[1765.

(hall be found falfly (lamped, by any meafurer or fearcher, or which any perfon or perfons may thereby be fubjedt to for taking off, altering, counterfeiting, defacing, obliterating, or catting out any feal or feals, or for over-ftretching or drawing any cloth, or for having cloth in their cuftody over-ftretched or drained, or without the feals by the faid ad ordered to be affixed thereon, or with fuch feals altered, counterfeited, defaced, or obliterated, or with the name and place of abode of the maker cut out or altered, or for uling cards made with wire, in the dreffing of cloth, fo as the fame be fine hatters cards, and ufed upon the tenters only, (hall, from and after the twentyi fourth day of June, pne thoufand (even hundred and fixty fix, be, and they are hereby repealed, revoked, annulled, and made and declared to ceafe and be void and of none effed: and no merchant, cloth-buyer, cloth-maker, cloth-dreffer, meafurer,. infpedor, fearcher, or fupervifor, or other perfon, (hall from and after the faid twenty fourth day of Juney one thouland feven hundred and fixty (ix, be fubjed to, or affeded by, or be pro-fecuted for or upon account of any fuch pains, penalties, or forfeitures, by reafon or on account or pretence of any of the offences, mifdemeanors, matters, or things, herein laft before recapitulated, mentioned, and expreffed, except as aforeftid, and other than by virtue and under the authority of this present ad.

CUiifei In the XXVIII. And it is hereby further enadted and deduced, formerodinot That all the claufes, provifions, matters, and things, in the ^	former ad contained, other than and except fo far forth as

the fame or any of them refpedivcly arc revoked, repealed, altered, amended, or otherwife explained, by the force, effedt, and operation of this prefent ad, (hall be, remain, and continue in full force and virtue, as fully and effedually, to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame had been repeated and re-enaded in and by this prefent adt. And alfo. That this ad (hall be taken and deemed to be a publick ad; and all judges, juftices, and other perfons are hereby required to take notice thereof as fuch, without fpecially-pleading the fame.

CAP. XXIV.

An a£J for paving the Jireets and lanes within the town and borough of Southwark, and certain parts adjacent, in the county of Surrey; and for cleanfing, lighting, and Watch* ing, the fame \ and alfo the courts, yards, alleys, and paffages, adjoining thereto; and for preventing annoyances therein.

WHEREAS the feveral fir tots and lanes within the parf/teS' {/'Saint George, Saint Saviour, Saint Olave, Saint John* and Saint Thomas, and the parts of the parifhes of Saint Mary. Newington, and Saint Mary Magdalen Bermondfey, which art: called Blackman Street, Kent Streep Bermondfey Street*..**!. *.• Jlrcet called Snow's Fields, all in and near the, town and borough of

South-

rcpcaicu 10

continue in force.

Publick ad.

Preamble.

57

ri76$.J Anno fiarto Georgii III. c. 24*

Southwark, in the court} of Surrey, <jr* in general very ill food auAtitonfed, and are not duly lighted and watched: and whereas die prefent methods prefcribed by law, for pavings cleanfing, and lighting, the faid Jlreets,	aud places, dr* insufficient for tbofe

parpoj fes; and whereas if power was given to new pave and regulate tie faid Jlreets and lanes, and to maintain and preferve the pave-mast thereoffor the future, and to cleanfe, light, and watch the fame; inrd the feveral courts, yards, alleys, pajfages, places, *001-meenicating with or adjoining to the fame,	*0 remove all nuifances

and objlrufiions therein, <*«</ /0 prevent the fame for the future; it would tend greatly to the fafety, prefervation, and advantage, of the inhabitants of the faid Jlreets, and other places, and be of publick utility: may it therefore pleafe your Majefty, that it may be enacted; and be it enalted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the faid feveral ftreets, lanes, diftri&t courts, yards, and other places, included in this alt, (hall, for appointed, the purpofes of this alt, be, .and the fame are hereby divided into two feparate and diftinlt diftrilts or divifions, in manner following; videlicet. The parifhes of Saint George, Saint Saviour, Saint Mary Newington, and fo much of the high ftreet of the faid borough as is in the parifh of Saint Olave aforefaid, (hall snake one divifion, and (hall be called the Wejl Divijion ; and the other parts of the faid parifh of Saint Olave, the parifhes of Saint John, and Saint Thomas, and the parts of the faid parifh of Sairt Mary Magdalen Bermondfey before mentioned, (hall be the other division, and be called the Eajl Divifion.

II. And be it further enalted by the authority aforefaid. That Commiffion-George Onflow of Ember Court, in the county of Surrey, efquire $ ers. end Sir Francis Vincent baronet, and the knights of the (hire for the county of Surrey for the time being; Sir Jofepb Mawbey baronet, and Henry Thrale efquire, and the burgeffes to ferve in parliament for the borough of Southwark for the time being;

William Bowden efquire, treafurer of Saint Thomas's hofpital, in the borough of Southwark, and the treafurer of the faid hofpital for the time being; Thomas Lucas efquire, treafurer of Guy's hof-

C'tal, within the faid borough, and the treafurer of the faid >fpital for the time being 5 the bailiff of the borough of South* work, Richard Reman efquire, and his fucceffor and Tucceffors in the Bridge Yard, and the comptroller of the Bridge Yard for the time beingj together with mafter Roger Pindar, mafter Thomas Wiliinfon, mafter James Bulcock, mafter Jofeph Shaw, IViUiam Syms efquire, John Levy efquire, mafter Thomas Calvcrlcy, George Evans efquire. Dyer Bond efquire, IVilUam Coffin efquire, mafter William Bargefs, mafter William Cruttenden, mafter John Abbifs, saofter Edmund Lardner, Simon Barraty efquire, mafter John Hemming, pa after John Johvfon, mafter John Peyton, made*

JoJbua. Greenfmith, mafter John Good, mafter Benjamin Driffield,

WMtiam Golding; efquire, mafter Stephen Low Jell, mafter Jofeph	>

Eurtj. Edward Ruffidl. efquire, mafter Ralph Royler John Crouch	^	•

New comnrvf-fioner* to be chofen.

Certain com* nrilfioncrs

i

Anno fexto Georgii III. c. 14.

efqqirfe, matter William Jefferies* matter William Winter* the reverend Leonard Howard D. D. John Weed e (quire, - mate Edward Cooke* Thomas Dawfon efquire, matter John Ramfkottem* matter Thomas Watfon* matter Samuel Spenfer* matter Ifmt Stapleton* matter John Crooke* Mofes Waite efquire, matter John Fry* matter William Tovey, matter William HiU* matter John Btuk* matter Robert Stevens* matter Samuel Carter* matter Ei» ward Henjhaw* matter Thomas Andrews* matter William Hayes* matter Meddows Neatby* matter John Fowler* Nathaniel PolL bill efquire, matter Henry Keen* matter Thomas Maidman* mate John Warrington* matter Cornelius Van Mildert* matter Humphry Randall* Sir William Richardfon knight, the reverend 8mm Hughes clerk, Edmund Dawfon, Peter Champion* Richard Darns* James Searancke* Philip Cox* efquires; Charles Spence* Henry Mutler* Charles Farrington* Martin Hurdis* Jofepb Houghland* John Woodard* Richard Hilditch* Thomas Walton* Jacob Fofier* William Strickland* William Dowfon* George Flower* David Griffin* George Keepe* Thomas Rudd* John Nangrave* William Atkm* fin* William Breach* Robert Gregg, Thomas Chappel, gentlemen ; the reverend Richard Penneck clerk, Edward Steavens* Samuel Bennett Smith* Edward Brent* William Mountain* Nathaniel Brent* John Rufe* Robert Watfon* William Speck* George Ten• vile* efquires; Thomas Smith, William Sbearwood* Thomas Hob* Henry Sumner* John Faffet* Richard Stevens* Samuel Woolley* Hugh Meares, Jofiph Sbewen* George Shepley* William Smith, Vincent Trehearn* Stephen Leefon* Thomas Dawfon* gentlemen j John Mac krill* Richard Capell* Thomas Smalley Browning* efquires § John Ruffell, Matthew Bayley* gentlemen; William Adams* Je* remiah Cmtchley* Edmund Smith* efquires; Ambrofi Lyon* Samuel Hollingfworth* Nathaniel Randall, Francis Banks* Edward Layton* the reverend William Sclater clerk, Daniel Alexander* Stephen Hodfon* being inhabitants of the faid parithes and places, (hall be, and they and their fuccetTors, to be elected in manner herein after-mentioned, are hereby appointed commiflioners for pin* ting this a 61 in execution; and in cafe of the death of any of the above named commiflioners, or of their removal out of theb refpeftive divifions, or refufal to aft, it thall be lawful for the furviving or remaining commiflioners of fuch refpeftive divifion, or any five or more or them, from time to time, by writinguiw der their hands and feals, to deft one other perlon, being an inhabitant within the refpeftive parilh where fuch vacancy mall happen, to be a commitfioner in the room and ttead or fuch coramiflioner fo deceafed, removed, or refufing to aft; but ten days notice of the time anA place of meeting for every fuch dec* don, (hall be given in fome news paper publifhed within the weekly bills of mortality; and every perfon fo elefted, is hereby vetted with the fame powers for putting this aft in exception, as the perfon in whofe place he fhall be chofen, was vcAed with.

III.	Provided always, That the knights of the (hire for the county of Surrey, ami the burgefles to ferve in parliament-Mr

the

ly6$.]	Anno fexto Georgii III. c. 24;	59

the borough' of Southwark, the treafurer of Saint Thomas's hof- may aft in pital, the treafurer of Guys hofpital, the bailiff oftKe borough, b0”1 drifts. Richard Roman efquire, his fucceflor and fucceifors in the Bridge Tardy and the comptroller of the Bridge Yard for the time being,

(hall be commidioners for, and may aft upon all occafions in the execution of, this aft in both divifions.

IV.	Provided always, and be it further enafted by the autho- Qualification/ rity aforefaid, That no perfon (hall be capable of afting as a commiflioner in the execution of this aft, unlefs he (hall be in

his own right, or in right of his wife, in the aftual pofleflion, or receipt of lands, tenements, or hereditaments, of the clear yearly value of fifty pounds, or poflefled of, or intitled to, a per-fonal eftate to tne value of one thoufand pounds; and if any Penalty on perfon not being fo qualified, (hall prefume to aft, every fuch per-ion (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of fifty pounds, to any perfon or perfons who (hall fue for the fame, to oe recovered in any of his Majefty’s courts of record, by aftion of debt, or on the cafe, or by bill, fuit, or information, where-in no efloin, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance (hall be allowed ; and every perfon fo profecuted (hall prove that he is qualified as aforefaia, or otherwife (hall pay the faid penalty, upon proof given of his having acted as a com-toidioner in the execution of this act.	•

V.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Commiffieii-

That the faid commidioners, or any five or more of them,	to divide

(hall meet together at the town hall on Saint Margaret's Hilly	**

on the fecond Monday after the palling of this aft, between the^^^gi hours of ten in the forenoon and two in the afternoon,and (hall

meet afterwards at the fame place within the fame hours, as often as it (hall be necedary for putting fo much of this aft in execution, as is hereby committed to their care and charge at fuch general meeting; and the faid commidioners, or the major part of them prefent at fuch general meeting, fuch major part not being lefs than fifteen, (hall then and there, and from time to time, afeertain and fet down in writing the monies they (hall adjudge necefiary to be borrowed for new paving the faid ftreets and lanes, or any of them; and that no order or direction for borrowing money tor fuch purpofe, (hall be made or given otherwife than at fuch general meeting; and the faid commif- and after* fioners prefent at fuch firft meeting, (hall divide themfelves and "*rd»adjourn the other commidioners not prefent, and aft for all other the	**

purpofes of this aft, within the diviiion where they (hall refpec- think proper, lively refide, and not otherwife or elfewhere, except as is herein particularly authorized and direfted; and the faid commif-fioners, within their refpeftive divifions, (hall meet together at fuch place within each refpeftive divifion, and at fuch time as (hall at fuch general meeting be appointed, and lhall proceed tq the execution of this aft within their refpeftive divifions ; and a

then and from time to time afterwards, adjourn themfelves,	°

and meet at fuch houfe or houfes within the faid borough of clerk to ap-fmtbwarki as they lhall think proper or convenient for putting point another

6o

Anno fcxto Georgii III. c.24.	[1765.

9	this adl in execution within their refpedtive divifions; and if at

any meeting appointed to be held by virtue of this adt, there (hall not appear a fufiicient number of commiHioners to a<2, and to adjourn to another day, or in cafe the commiHioners fo onhisnegleft, aflembled, (hall omit or negledt to adjourn themfclves ; then, and Two commif-,n ca^e» tbe cier^ t0 the faid commiHioners, (hall by pub-fioners may lick notice in fome news paper printed within the weekly bills appoint one. 0f mortality, to be given at lead ten days before the next meeting ; or in cafe the faid clerk (hall happen to die before fuch notice given, or (hall negledt, refufe, or omit, to give fuch notice as aforefaid, then any two commiHioners (hall, and may by the like publick notice, appoint the faid commiHioners to meet at the place where the laft meeting was appointed to be held, within fourteen days next after the day on which fuch laft meeting was appointed to be held ; and that all orders and determinations of the faid commiHioners, in execution of this adt (except as is herein after excepted) (hall be at meetings held in purfu-ance of this adt, and not otherwife ; and that no fuch order or determination (hall be made, unlefs the major part of the com-miflioners prefent (haft concur therein, fuch major part not being a lefs number than the number by this ,adt authorized to make fuch order or determination ; nor (hall any commiHioner Commiflion- be capable of adting in execution of this adt, during the time m not to have he fliall hold any office under, or have any (hare or intereft ini iJ?con' any contradt relating to the execution of any of the powers of this adt.

VI.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That the faid commiHioners, or any five or more of them, within their refpedtivedivifions,(hall and may, by writing under their hands and feals, at their firft or any fubfequent meeting, giving fourteen days notice thereof after the firft m:cting in fome pub-lick news paper, appoint one or more clerk or clerk’s, and trea-furer or treafurers, and colledtor or colledtors, receiver or receivers, of the rates or afleflments, furveyor or furveyors, arid fuch other officer or officers, for the execution of this adt, as they the faid commiHioners, or any five or more of them, (hall «nd remove think proper, and, from time to time, remove him or them, them and ap- ancj app0jnt others, as they (hall find neceflary or convenient; and^low6”5 anc* by and out of the monies to be raifed by virtue of this adt, them falarie*. may and are hereby impowered to appoint and pay fuch Hilaries and allowances to fuch officers, and to all other perfons by them the faid commiHioners employed in the execution of this adt, as Officer* to they (hall think reafonable ; and the faid commiHioners, or any give iecurity; five or more of them, (hall and may take fuch fecurity for the due execution of the refpedtive offices, by fuch perfon and perfons as aforefaid, as the faid commiHioners, or any five or more of them, (hall think proper ; and fuch perfon or perfons a£ is or are hereby made liable to pay the fevcral rates or fums'of money hereby granted, (hall pay the fame to fuch perfon or pett-fons as (hall, from time to time, be fo appointed to colledt itia receive the fame, according to the true meaning of this adti

JfltM

They may appoint officers, &c.

I '

j 765.] Anno fexto Georoii TIT. c. 24.	61

and all fuchofficers and perfons, fo to be appointed as aforefaid, *® account i (hall, under their hand?, at fuch time and times, and in fuch manner, as thefaid commiflioners, or any five or more of them,

(hall diredl, deliver to fuch commiflioners, or fuch perfon or perfons as they, or any five or more of them, (hall appoint, true and perfect accounts in writing of all matters and things committed to their charge by virtue of this adf ; and alfo of all the monies which (hall have been by fuch officer or officers, and perfon or perfons refpedtively, received by virtue and for the purpofes of this a&, and how much thereof hath been paid and diiburfed, and for what purpoles together with the proper vouchers for fuch payments; and (hall pay all fuch monies as (hall remain in their refpeeftive hands to the faid commiflioners, or any five or more of them, or to fuch perfon or perfons as they (hall appoint; and all the faid officers and perfons, fo accounting as aforefaid, (hall, upon oath, if thereunto required, which oath the faid commiflioners, or any two or more of them, are hereby impowered and required to adminifter, verify their faid accounts; and jf any fuch officer or perfon (hall not make and an(j deliver' render, or fhall refufe to verify upon oath any fuch account, or up all books, to produce or deliver up the vouchers relating to the fame, or to make payment as aforefaid, or (hall not deliver to the faid commiflioners, or any five or more of them, or to fuch perfon or perfons as they (hall appoint, within ten days after being thereunto required by any five or more of fuch commiflioners, all books, papers, and writings, in his cuftody or power, relating to the execution of this ad ; or (hall refufe or neglefl to pay fuch monies as, upon the balance of any account or accounts, (hall appear to be in their refpedive hands, to the faid commiflioners, or any five or more of them, or as they (hall dired or appoint; then, and in either of the cafes aforefaid, fuch commiflioners, or any five or more of them, may and are hereby authorized and impowered to bring, or caufe to be brought, any a&ion or a&ions in the names of fuch commif-fioners, or in the name or names of any two or more of them, againft the officer or officers, pferfon or perfons, fo neglecting or refufing as aforefaid, in order for the recover of the monies that (hall be in the hands of fuch officer or officers, perfon or •perfons rcfpeCtively ; or if complaint (hall be made by the faid commiflioners, or by any five or more, of them, or by fuch perfon or perfons as they (hall appoint for that purpofe, of any -fuch refufal or negledt as aforefaid, to any two or more of the juftices of the peace for the county or place wherein fuch officer of officers, perfon or perfons, fo neglecting or refufing (hall beand refide; fuch juftices may, and are hereby authorized and required, by a warrant or warrants under their hands and leal*, to caufe the officer or officers, perfon or perfons, fo refufing or negleding, to be brought before them; and upon his and their ’appearing, or not being to be found, to hear and determine tho matter in a fummary way: and if upon the confeflion of the •arty or parties, ‘or by the teftimony of any credible witnefs or

Conmlffion-ert may appoint officers though not at a publick meeting.

Officers taking any reward, other than their fabrics.

or being 3n-tereftecTin any bargain made by the com-miffioners, are di {qualified from being employed under this

Anno fexto Georgii 1IL c. 24S	[1765.'

witnefies upon oath, which oath fuch juftices are hereby im-powered and required to adminifter without fee or reward, it (hall appear to fuch juftices that any of the monies that (hall have been colleded of raifed by virtue of this ad, (hall be in the hands of fuch officer or officers, perfon or perfons ; fuch juftices may and are hereby authorized and required upon nonpayment thereof, by a warrant or warrants under their hands and feals, to caufe fuch money to be levied by diftrefs and (ale of the goods and chattels of fuch officer or officers, perfon or perfons refpedively: and if no goods or chattels of fuch officer or officers, perfon or perfons, can be found fufficient to anfwer and fatisfy the faid money, and the charges of diftraining and felling the fame; then, and in either of the cafes aforefoid, fuch juftices (hall commit every fuch offender to the houfe of correction, there to remain without bail or mainprize, until he (hall give and make a true and perfect account and payment as afore-faid, or until he (hall compound with the faid commiflioners, or any ftve or more of them, and (hall have paid fuch compo-fition in fuch manner as they (hall appoint; which compofitioa the faid commiflioners, or any five or more of them, are hereby impowered to make ; or until he (hall deliver up fuch books, papers, and writings, asaforefaid, or give fatisfadion inrefped thereof, to the faid commiflioners, or any five or more of them.

VII.	Provided always. That as often as any collector or receiver of the monies to be raifed by virtue of this ad, (hall die, or be incapable of performing his duty, it (hall be lawful for any five or more of the faid commiflioners, though not aflcmhled at any meeting purfuant to this aCt, by any writing under their hands, to appoint another perfon to coifed fuch monies : and fuch perfon (hall continue to colleCt the fame, until the commiflioners (hall, at a meeting to be held in purfuance of this ad, appoint a collector or receiver of fuch monies; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

VIII.	And be it further enaded, That if any perfon who (hall be employed as a clerk, treafurer, collector, receiver or fur-vcyor, or any other officer or fervant who (hall be any ways employed by the faid commiflioners in putting this aCt or any the powers thereof in execution, (hall exaCt, take, or accept, any fee or reward whatfoever, other than fuch falaries, allowances, and rewards, as (hall be appointed, allowed, and approved of, by the faid commiflioners, or any five or more of them, for or on account of any thing done, or to be done by virtue of this aCt, or on any account whatfoever relative to the putting this ad in execution ; or (hall any ways be concerned in mtereft in any bargain or contrad made, or to be made, by the (aid commiflioners, or any of them, for the purpofes of put* ing this ad in execution ; every fuch perfon fo offending (ha)l be incapable of ever ferving or being employed under this ad, and (hall over and above forfeit the (urn of one hundred pounds to any perfon ojr perfons who (hall fuc for the fame, by a&ioo

of

2 y6$J] Ahfie fcxto Georgii III. c. 24.	6$

of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s and forfeit courts of record, within fix calendar months after the offence a r° xo°1, committed, in which faid fuit no effoin, protection, or wager of law, nor more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed.

IX.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, Penalty on That if any nerfon or perfons (hall, at any time or times, ob-

ftruCt, hinder, or moled, any furveyor or furveyors, or other	*

officer or officers, workman, perfon or perfons whatfoever, who is, are, or (hall be, employed by virtue of this aft, in the performance or execution of their duty, every fuch perfon fo offending (hall, for the firft offence, forfeit the fum of twenty (hillings ; for the fecond offence, the fum of forty (hillings; and for the third, and every other offence, the fum of three pounds.

X.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That Commiffion-k (hall be lawful for the laid commiflioners, and they, or any coU^o^nd feven or more of them, are hereby authorized and required, trealurersof from time to time, at a general meeting aflembled, to appoint the tolls.

a colle&or or collectors of the tolls, and a treafurer or treafurers of the money to be collected or raifed by virtue of this aCt, as, or upon account of, the tolls hereby authorized to be taken ; and the (aid commiflioners, or any feven or more of them, (hall Treafurer to take fuch fecurity of fuch treafurer or treafurers for the due exe- give fecurity, cmion of his and their office, as the faid truftees, or any feven or more of them, (hall think proper, before fuch treafurer or treafurers (hall be allowed to enter upon his or their office; and Money to be fuch treafurer and treafurers ihall, from time to time, as foon paid into the as conveniently may be, after he or they (hall have received the bank, ^ fom of three hundred pounds of the monies appointed to be received by him or them, by virtue of, and for the purpofes of this aft, pay the fame into the bank of England, in the name of, and on account of, the faid commiflioners, and to be dif-pofed of by order of the faid commiflioners, or any feven or more of them, at a general meeting aflembled for the purpofes of this aft; and all fuch collectors and treafurers fo to be appointed, (hall, and they are hereby made liable to account to Officerstoac-and with the faid truftees, or any feven or more of them, at a count* general meeting aflembled, with refpeft to the bufinefs by virtue of this aft committed to their care and charge refpeftively, and to be removed from their offices in fuch and the fame manner, and fubjeft to and under fuch and the fame rules, orders, penalties, and puni(hments, as are herein before preferibed and direAcd, with refpeft to officers to be appointed within the re-fpeftive divifions.

XI.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That The ftreeti, from and after the faid fecond Monday, the faid commiflioners, or &c. to be any five or more of them, within their refpeftive divifions, pav«d, cleanf-find! have full power and authority, from time to time, to order *£•

and diraft the laid ftreets and lanes, or any of them within their ea# refpeftive divifions, to be paveJ, repaired, railed, funk, or altered f attd al(o to caufe, order, and direft, the faid ftreets and fames, and the fidd feterai courts, yards, alleys, pafiages, and

placet.



What ftreets (hall be firft paved.

The High Street how to be paved.

Materials may be dug out ot, or brought into, the ftreets, &c.

Commiflion. crt may make contracts.

Scavengers,by content of the iutHces, may lodge their dirt, Sec. in any vacant places

Anno fexto Georgh III. C. 24.	[1765.

places, to be cleanfed, lighted, and watched, when and in fuch manner as they (hall think tit.

XII.	Provided always, and be it further enadied and declared by the authority aforefaid, That .the pavements of the high ftreet, from the fouth end of London Bridge, to the (tones end in Blackman Street Church Lanty Kent Street and White Street, in the weft divifion, and from the weft end of Tooley Street, to the north end of Bermondfey Street, in the eaft divifion, (hall be compleated, previous to and before any other ftreet or place, within the reipedlive divifions, (hall be begun to be paved.

XIII.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That the commiftioners, having the care of the faid weft divifion, (hall, and they are hereby required to caufe the faid High Street from London Bridge to the (tones end in Blackman Street, to be paved with the (tone known by the name of whyn quarry Jdoeu% or with rock (tone, or with (lone of a flat furface.

XIV.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefiud. That the faid commiftioners, or any five or more of them, (hall alfo have full power and authority to caufe to be dug, carted, and carried out of or brought into, the faid ftreets and lanes, fuch gravel, (tones, and other materials ; and to employ fuch artificers, workmen, labourers, carters, and others; andtoiflu* fuch money on thofe accounts, and to do all and every fuch other adts and things as the faid commiftioners, or any five or. more of them, (hall judge ncccflary or conducive to the accom-pliftiing of the ends and defigns ot this adt.

XV.	And be it further enadted, That the faid commiftioners, or any five or more of them, may, and are hereby impowered, from time to time, at any of their faid meetings, as occafion (hall require, to contradl with any fit perfon or perfons, for paving and keeping in repair the faid ftreets and lanes, and for cleanfing and lighting the fame, and likewife the feveral courts, yards, alleys, paflages, and places above deferibed; which con-tradt and contracts (hall fpecify the feveral works to be done, and the prices to be paid for the fame, and the time or times when the faid works (hall be completed, and the penalties to be fuffered in cafe of non-perfofmance thereof; and (hall be figned by the faid commiftioners, or any five or more of them, and by the perfon or perfons contradting to perform fuch works; but previous to the making of any fuch contradl, fourteen days notice (hall be given in fome publick news paper, exprefling the intention of the intended contradl, in order that any penons willing to undertake the fame, may make propofals for that pur-pofe, to be offered and prefented to the faid commiftioners at a certain time and place in each notice to be mentioned.

XVI.	Provided always. That the perfon or perfons fo con-tradted with for cleanfing the faid ftreets and other places, or any part or parts thereof, (hall have liberty, by the approbation and order of the juftices of the peace acting in and tor the (aid town and places, or any two or more of them, to lodge their dirt, duft, afties, ojr other filth* in fuch vacant and publick

Anno facto Georgii HI. 0.24,	6$

places in or near the faid ftreets, and other places, as (hall not appear to the faid juftices to be intended to be built upon, and (nail be thought convenient by the faid juftices, for the accommodation of the country carts $ they the faid perfons, fo con- making(ktis-traded with, giving fuch fatisfaftion to the owners and occu-tiers of fuch vacant places, as the faid juftices (hall direft.

XVII.	And be it further enafted, That it (hall and may be Snrrcrors to awful for the faid commifiioners, or any five or more of them, infpeft the ind they are hereby directed to caufe all and every the works works, lone in purfuance of this aft, to be infpefted by their furveyor

>r furveyors, or by fuch other perfon or perfons as they (hall, rom time to time, appoint; and in cafe the fame (hall not be irell and fufficiently performed, according to the true fenfe and meaning of fuch contraft or contrafts, or (hall not be finifhed ind completed at or within the.time or times that the fame are tgreed to be completed by the faid contraft or contrafts, the faid commifiioners (hall and may, in their own names, or in the names of two of them, bring an aftion in any of his Majefty’s courts of law at H^ejiininjier> againft any perfon or perfons fo contracting and neglefting to perform fuch contraft or contrafts, and for any penalty or penalties, damage or damages, which (hall be contained in fuch contraft or contrafts; and upon the proving the figning of the faid contraft or contrafts, and nonperformance thereof, at the time or times for the purpofes therein mentioned, the faid commifiioners (hall be intitled to, and (hall recover, fuch penalty or penalties, damage or damages, which, when recovered, (hall be applied for the purpofes of this aft, within the divifion where the matter (hall arife.

XVIII.	Provided always, and be it further enafted by the Agreement ‘ authority aforefaid. That nothing in this aft contained (hall be

deemed or taken to make void any contraft, covenant, or agree-ment, between landlord and tenant, touching or concerning the fog paving/ paving the faid ftreets, lighting or cleanfing the fame, or the &c. the laid courts, yards, lanes, alleys, paflages, and places, or any part of them, or either of them; but that every perfon who is not vacatcd# now, by virtue of any fuch contraft or agreement, obliged to pave, keep in repair, cleanfe, or light, any part of the faid ftreets, courts, yards, lanes, alleys, paflages, or places, or either of them, (hall, in lieu thereof be obliged to pay the rates hereby direfted to be made and aflefled, or fo much thereof as (hall, by the faid commifiioners, or any five or more of them, be deemed juft and reafonable, according to the true meaning of fiich contraft, covenant, or agreement, for and during fuch time as fuch contraft, covenant, or agreement, (hall remain in force; and in cafe any difpute (hall arife concerning fuch contraft, covenant, or agreement, the faid commifiioners, or any five or more of them, (hall have power, and they are hereby required to hear and finally determine the fame.

XIX.	And, for the better information of the faid commif-fioners in putting this aft in execution, be it further enafted by the authority afore&id, That it (hall and may be lawful for any

Vo*. XXVII.	I	pttfon

66	Anno	lotoGkoRGilHI. C.«4*	f*7^	1

Perfon* an- perfon or perfons authorized by the faid commiffioners, or any 3 th^comnUf* ^ve or morc	at aH convenient times (firft having an

fioaen, tobe oVder under the hands of the faid commiflioners, or any five or allowed to in- more of them, for that purpofe) to infpeft and take copies ofs rpe?-’ \ ^Cm pa' or cxtra<^s out °f or from, any book or books, rate or rates, rocfcial rate*. ma(jc or kept by an™ pari(li officer or officers, or other officer or officers appointed by authority of parliament, within the cities of London or JVeJlminJler, or counties of Miidlefex or Sarny, for the paving, cleanfing, or lighting, any fquare, ft reef, lane, place, or diftriSt, in London, Weflminfhr, Middltftx, of Surrey \ which infpe&ion, copies, and extrads, the veftiy clerk j or veftry clerks, or other officer or officers of the refpe&ive pa-rifhes and places, or other officer or officers, perfon or perfontj having the cuftody of fuch book and rate, books and rates, are hereby required to permit and fuffer to be made, without fee or reward, by fuch receiver or receivers, or other perfon or perfons appointed as aforefaid, on their producing an order undet the hands of the faid commiflioners, or any five or more of Penalty of re-them, for that purpofe: and in cafe any fuch veftry clerk, or cl»kbLV<ftry other °®cer or °fficers> or perfon or perfons, (nail negled 9	"	or refufe fo to do, within fourteen days after fuch order (hall be

produced and (hewn to him or them, or a copy thereof left at nis or their laft or mod ufual place of abode; then, and in every fuch cafe, he or they fo refilling or negle&ing, (nail, for the firft offence, forfeit the fum of twenty millings; for the fe-cond offence, the fum of forty (hillings; and for the third and every other offence, the fum of three pounds.

Contra&s XX. And be it further ertadted by the authority aforefaid, made in each That all the accounts and contracts of the commiffioners of tor thTinfpec- cac^ l*3C ^alc^ divifions (hall, at all times, be open and free tion of com*’ f°r the infpedtion and examination of all and every of the com* miffioners in miflioners appointed by this a£t; and that the commiffioners of * the other. each of the faid divifions, within eight days after demand in writing (hall be made by any of the laid commiffioners for that purpofe, (hall caufe a true copy of fuch accounts and contracts, or of fo much thereof as (hall be fo required, to be delivered to fuch of the faid commiflioners who (hall require the fame, upon payment of the fum of one (hilling for every hundred words and figures which (hall be contained in fuch copy. Watchmen. XXI. And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid. That the faid commiflioners, or any five or more of them, (hall and may, yearly, and every year, and they are hereby authorized and required, to order and eftablifti fuch number of watchmen, beadles, and other officers, as they (hall judge neceflary and proper to be kept or employed in the faid ftreets, and other places, as aforefaid; and to nominate and appoint fuch honed and able-bodied men to be* employed in that fervice, as tbev (hall think beft qualified for the fame ; and (hall likewife direct and appoint, in writing, how and where the fevcral watchmen (hall be ftationed, and in what manner they (hall be armed, how often they (hall go their rounds, how long they (hall con-6	v	tinuc

1765.] Anno facto Georoii III. c. 24;	67

tinue upon duly, and what wages (hall be allowed to fuch watchmen, beadles, and other perfons, for their attendance; and (hall and may alio ered, hire, or otherwife provide, a proper place or places for the reception of the watchmen, beadles, and Dther pcrfons, as aforefaid; and (hall make all fuch orders and regulations in writing, as the nature of the fervice (hall appear to them the faid commifiioners, or any five or more of them, to require.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, Reguhdon* That true copies or tranfcripts of all fuch nominations, orders, ~ fign^ and regulations, as (hall be made, from time to time, for the better dire&ion and government of the watchmen, beadles, and other perfons, (hall be figned by the faid commifiioners, or any five or more of them; and the faid watchmen, beadles, and other perfons, (hall keep watch and ward within the faid ftreets, and other places, for fuch refpe&ive times, and in fuch manner, as [hall, from time to time, be appointed by the faid commifiioners, or any five or more of them; and (hall, in their feveral turns ind courfes of watching, ufe their beft endeavours to prevent ill mifchicfs happening by fires, and all murders, burglaries, robberies, breaches of the King’s peace, and all other outrages snd diforders ; and to that end (hall, and they are hereby jointly and feverally empowered and required, to arreft, apprehend, Difhirbers of and detain, in the watch-houfe, or other convenient place of fe-rarity, to be provided or appointed by the faid commifiioners, ** fccurwL or any five or more of them, within, or near to, the faid ftreets, all malefa&ors, difturbers of the King’s peace, and all fufpefted perfons, who (hall be found wandering or milbehaving them-(elves, and (hall carry them (fo foon as conveniently may be) before one or more or his Majefty’s juftices of the peace a&ing in and for the faid town and places, to be examined and dealt with according to law, and the faid beadles, and other perfons,

(hall, fo often in every night as (hall be ordered by the faid , commifiioners, or any five or more of them, go about their re-Ipe&ive di drifts and rounds, to take notice whether all the watchmen perform their duty in their feveral ftations, according to fuch orders and regulations as (hall be provided for that pur-pofe by the faid commifiioners as aforefaid: and in cafe any watchman (ball milbehave himfelf, or negleft his duty, the faid beadles, or other perfon or perfons rcfpeftively, (hall as foon as conveniently may be, give notice thereof to the treafurer to the (aid commifiioners, who is hereby authorized to fufpend fuch watchman from the execution of his office, and appoint another perfon to officiate therein until the next meeting of the faid commifiioners, when the faid treafurer (hall acquaint the com-miffioners afiembled at fuch meeting with the complaint againft fuch watchman, in order for the faid commifiioners to proceed to the examination of the offence ; and fuch watchman (hall be fubjeft and liable to the penalty of five (hillings for every fuch Acgleft or mtfbehaviour, or be difeharged from his faid office of

Fa

XXUl. Kxvd

*8

Penalty on beadle*, See. neglecting duty.

Watchmen to

apprehend

ouleia&ors.

Property of all materials vefttd in the commilfion-

Penalty on Healing or in juring the materials j

and on da-

Anrio fexto Georgii lit. C.14.	£176$

• xxm. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That if the faid beadles, and other perfons, or any of then, (hall wilfully negleCt to attend in their turn to keep watch and ward, or (hall not come to keep watch and ward, in manner or during the times which (hall be appointed by the (add com-imftioners for their attendance thereonj or (hall depart from, or leave keeping watch and ward, during the refpe&ive hours appointed by the faid commiflioners as aforelaid for keeping the fame, or (hall otherwife negleCt their duty or mi(behave them* felves; the perfons fo offending, (hall refpcCtively forfeit and pay for every fuch negleCt or offence, any fum not exceeding twenty (hillings.

XXIV.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforesaid. That it (hall and may be lawful for the (aid watchmen, or any of them, in the absence of the beadle or other perfon or perfons as aforefaid; and they are hereby' refpeCtively authorized and required in their feveral ftations, during the time of their keeping watch and ward, to apprehend all fuch malefactors, dff-turbers of the King’s peace, and all fuch fufpeCted perfons who (hall be found wandering or mi(behaving themfelves; and to carry the perfon or perfons fo apprehended (as foon as conveniently may be) before fome neighbouring juftice of the peace for the faid county, to be examined and dealt with according to law 3 and to keep fuch perfon or perfons within the watch-houfe, or fome other place of fafety, in the mean time.

XXV.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, That the property of the pavements, lamps, iron, timber, furniture, watch-houfes, turnpikes toll-houfes, and of all other materials and things, which (hall be provided or made ufe of for the purpofes of this aCt, (hall be, and the fame are hereby veiled in the commiflioners within their refpeCtive divifions for the time being; and they, or any five or more of them, art? hereby authorized and impowered to bring, or caufe to be brought, any aClion or aClions, in the name or names of any one or more of them ; or to prefer, and order and direCt die

preferring of indictments, againft any perfon or perfons who (hall (leaf, take, or carry away, any or any part or fuch materials or things, or difturb them in tne pofleflion thereof. XXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid.

maging or ex- That if any perfon or perfons (hall wilfully break, throw down, tinguiihiiig or otherwife damage, any of the lamps which (hall be ereCted

by the faid commiflioners, or any of the pods, irons, or other furniture thereof, or extinguifh any of the (aid lamps when lighted 3 it (hall and may be lawful to and for any one or more juftice or juftices of the peace aCting in and for the faid town and places, and he and they is and are hereby required, upoa oath made of the commiflion of any fuch offence (which oath fuch juftice or juftices is and are hereby impowered, and required to adminifter to any perfon or perfons offering to make the fame) to ifliie a warrant or warrants, for apprehending the party or parties accufed; or it (hall be lawful fqr any perfon or

perfons

1765*1	Anno fcxto GeorgH III. c.*4T	^9'.-

perfons whatfoever, who ihall fee fuch offence committed, to apprehend, as alfo for any other perfon or perfons, to aflift in apprehending the offender or offenders, and by authority of this adt, and without any other warrant, to convey him, her, or them, or to deliver him, her, or them, into the cuftody of a peace officer, in order to be fecured and conveyed before feme juftice of the peace for the faid town and places, to be dealt with as herein after is directed; and the party or parties ac-cofed, being brought before any fuch juftice, or oath being made before him, that fuch party or parties cannot be found and apprehended (which oath the faid juft ice is hereby alfo im-powcred and required to adminiffer) fuch juftice (hall proceed 'to examine upon oath any witnefs or witnefles, who (hall appear or be produced to give information touching fuch offence; and if the party or parties accufed (hall be conviAed of fuch offence, either by his, her, or their own confefiion, or upon fuch information as aforefaid, he, (he, or they, fo con v idled, (hall for the firft offence refpedlively forfeit the fum of ten (hillings, for each lamp fo broken, thrown down, damaged, or extinguilh-ed, as aforefaid ; and for the fecond offence, the fum of fifteen (hillings; and for the third, and every fubfequent offence, the fum of twenty (hillings; and full fatisfadlion (nail alfo be made to the (aid commiflioners, or to their furveyor, by fuch offender or offenders, for the damage fo by him, her, or them, done as aforefaid; and in cafe fuch offender or offenders (hall not upon convidtion pay fuch forfeiture by him, her, or them, incurred, and make fuch fatisfadlion as aforefaid, the juftice before whom fuch offender or offenders (hall be convidted, is hereby required to commit him, her, or them, to the houfe of corredtion for the faid county, there to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding three calendar months$ and fuch offender or offenders (hall not be difeharged before the expiration of the time for which he, (he, or thev, (hall be committed, unlefs fuch a forfeiture and fatisfadlion (nail be fooner paid and given ; and one moiety of the faid refpedlive forfeitures, when recovered,

(hall be paid to the informer or informers, and the other moiety (hall be applied for the purpofes of this adl: and if any perfon (hall negligently or accidentally break, throw down, or other-wife damage, any of the faid lamps, or any of the pods, irons, or other furniture thereof, and (hall not, upon demand, make fatisfadlion to the faid commiflioners, or any five or more of them, or to their furveyor, for the damage by fuch perfon done as aforefaid ; it (hall be lawful for any juftice of the peace for the (aid town and places, and he is hereby required, upon complaint to be made by any five or more of the faid commiflioners, or by their furveyor, to fummon the party complained of; and upon his or her appearance, or making default to appear (oath being made ths|t the party complained of was ferved with fuch fommons, or that the fame was left at his or her dwelling-houfe iftr place of abode, if known, or that he or (he could not be fpvjpd) %h juftice (hall proceed to.examine the matter of tbq

Anno fexto Georgii III. c. 24. f 1765.

(aid complaint; and upon proof thereof, either bjr confcffion of the party complained of, or by the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witnefles, (which oath the faid juftice is hereby impowered and required tp adminifter) (hall award and order fuch fatisfa&ion to be made by the partv complained of, for th# damage fo by him or her done, as to fuch juftice (hall appear juft and reafonable; and (hall caufe the fpm fo awarded (in cafe the fame be not paid forthwith upon the making of fuch await or order) tp be levied by diftrefs and fale of the offender’s good# mnd chatties, rendering to him or her the overplus (if any be) upon demand, after the charges of profecuting fuch complain^ and of fuch diftrefs and fale, (hall be dedu&ed; and in cafe fufficient diftrefs cannot be found, fuch juftice (hall commit the party complained of to the common gaol or houfe of corredtioa for the faid county or borough, until he or (he (hall pay the fum fo awarded, or for any time not exceeding the fpaceofonc calendar month.

XXVII.	And it is hereby further enabled by the authority the old mite- a^ore^l*c*» That ^ com mi (Boners, or any five or more of rialt, and\p*. (hall have full power and authority, within their refpe&ive ply the mo- divifions, from time to time, to fell and difpofe of all or any part

of the old pavement, or other materials, to fuch perfon or per-fons as (hall be willing to purchafe the fame, and to apply the purchafe-money to the purpofes of this aft#

XXVIII.	And be it further enabled by the authority afore-

faid, That when and fo often as any part of the pavement of the faid ftreets or lanes (hall be taken up for the purpofe of making, repairing, altering, cleanfing, or emptying, any fewer, vault, or drain, or of laying, altering, or amending, any water pipe or plug, or for any other purpofe whatfoever; the perfon or perfons fo taking up fuch pavement, (hall immediately give notice thereof to the furveyor or clerk to the commiftioners for putting this a& in execution, in order that the fame may, wirh* all convenient fpeed, be laid down and repaired, under the in-fpeftion of the faid furveyor, and the charges and expences thereof (hall be paid by the faid commiftioners, and they (hall be reimburfed the fame by the perfon or perfons, companies of water-works, or commiftioners of fewers, who (hall take up, or caufe or procure to be taken up, the faid pavement, or any part or parts thereof.	*

Cottmiffion- XXIX. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed by the au-tn may con thority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful for the faid tra£t with the commiftioners for putting this a<ft in execution, or any five or &cmESrIre> morc °f them, within their refpeftive divifions, from time laying fuch t0 time, to compound and agree with the faid companies, or pavements, commiftioners of fewers, or other perfon or perfons refpe&ivc-Jy, for a certain fum of money, by the foot or other meafure^ as the faid commiftioners for putting this a& in execution, or any five or more of them, fhall think reafonable ; in lieu and in (lead of laying down or repairing fuch pavement as (hall be neccffarily taken up for any the purpofes afare&id.

XXX. And

Coramiffion-

ney, &c.

Notice to be given to (Ur-vcyor of taking up pavement for repairing, Sec. any vault or drain, Sec.

Cpmmiffion-ers to re- *T it, and be re-imburfcd the expences.

Iy£g ] Anno fexto GeoRGII III. c. 24:	71

XXX. And be it further cnaded by the authority aforefaid, Onrefufal of That ip cafe fuch perfon or perfons, companies of water- payment, works, or commiffioners of fewers refpedively, (hall negled or refufe to pay what the faid cotnmilConers (hall have fo paid and difburfed, or what (hall be due upon fuch contract or compo-fition as aforefaid, within ten days next after notice thereof, to be left, by the receiver or receivers appointed, or to.be appointed, by the (aid commiffioners, at the dwelling-houfe, or laft

£:e of abode, of fuch perfon or perfons, or of the fecretary or etaries, clerk or clerks, of fuch companies of water-works, or commiffioners of fewers refpedively ; which notice (hall be in writing, and figned by the clerk to the commiffioners for putting this ad in execution, by order of the faid commiffio-riers, or any five or more of them, and annexed to the bill, containing an account of the expence of fuch repair, or money due upon fuch comppfition \ it (hall and may be lawful to and an a&ionmay for the faid laft mentioned commiffioners, or any five or more be brought of them, and they are hereby authorized and impowered to for tllc mo* bring, or caufe to be brought, any adion or adions, in the ncy# name of their clerk for the time being, for the recovery of fuch fum or Turns of money refpedively ; and in cafe fuch perfon or perfons hereby directed to give fuch notice to the furveyor Dr clerk, as is before dire&ed, (hall negled fo to do for the fpace of twenty four hours after fuch pavement (hall be fo taken up, fuch perfon or perfons (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of twenty (hillings.

XXXI. And be it furtner enaded by the authority aforefaid, CommiffioiU That if, for the purpofes of this ad, it (hall at any time be erf to pay, fjf found neceffiuy to raife, fink, or any otherwife alter, the poll- ^tenng pipes, tioq of any of the pipes or plugs laid down or placed by the laid companies, or of any or the leaden or other pipes which (hall be laid into or from any of the (aid companies pipes, which the faid commiffioners, or any five or more of them, are hereby impowered to caufe to be done, as often and in fuch places as they (hall think proper 5 the fame (hall be paid for out of the monies arifing by virtue of this ad, and Ihall be done with £S little detriment or inconvenience to the faid companies, and Other perfons, as the circumftance of the cafe will admit of.

XXXU. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Where any of That when and fo often as it (hall happen, that any pipe orthc watcr pipes belonging to any water company (hall break or burft in p?™ break, the faid ftreets or lanes, or either of them, it (hall and may be nonce to be lawful to and for the furveyor to the (aid commiffioners for the given to fuch time'being, or fuch other perfon as the faid commiffioners, or companies, any five or more of them, (hall appoint for that purpofe, to give immediate notice thereof to the paviour of the water company, to whom he apprehends fuch pipe or pipes does, or do,

Qr may belong, and require him to take up the pavement, and open the ground, at or near the place where the water (hall or jnay iffue, by reafon of fuch pipe or pipes breaking or burfting, tW9 next after fuch notice given *9 fuch paviour,





If it proves that the pipe does not be-

Anno fexto Georgii III. c. 24J	[176£

or left at his laft or ufual place of abode; and if upon taking up the pavement, and opening the ground, it (hall appear that the pipe or pipes fo broke or burft, do not belong to the water company whofe paviour (hall have taken up fuch pavement, and opened fuch ground, that then, and in fuch cafe, the fur-veyor, or other perfon as aforefaid, (hall give immediate notice -to the paviour of that company to whom it (hall appear that the raid pipe or pipes belong, fuch notice to be given or left with fuch paviour, or at his laft or ufual place of abode, and .the paviour of the company to whom fuch pipe or pipes fliaH belong, is hereby required to repair the fame, and nil in the ground within fix days after fuch notice given or left as afoce-When com- (aid, and alfo within twelve hours after Tuch pipe (hall be replied, notice .paired, and the ground filled in, to give notice to the paviour t0be *8£n l° or Pavi°urs contradting with the faid commiflioners, or to the wmpTviour" furveyor, or other perfon aforefaid, of fuoh pipe or pipes being repaired, and fuch ground being filled in, fach notice to be given to fuch contractor, Purveyor, or other perfon, or left at his or their laft or ufual place of abode: and in cafe it (hall happen that the paviour who firft receives notice to take up the pave-ment, and open the ground for the purpofes aforefaid, fhall mnnuiy wbo ta^c UP	Pavc*»cnt> and open foch ground, and it (hail then

firft opens the he difeovered that the pipe or pipes which is, are, or (hall be * ground, they burft or broke, doth or do not belong to the company to whom »re to be pud he is paviour \ that then, and in fuch cafe, the paviour of the bytheoST company to whom fuch pipe or pipes belong, (hall make fa-ptny to whom tisfadtion to the paviour who fo took up fuch pavement, and St does belong, opened fuch ground for fuch work \ and in cafe the paviour to whom fuch notice (hall be fo given to take up fuch pavement, and open fuch ground, (hall negledt or refufe to do the feme, within the faid two days after notice given, he (hall, for . the firft offence, forfeit and pav the fum of twenty (hillings, for the fecond offence, the fum of forty fhillings, and for the third, and every other offence, the fum of three pounds; and in cafe the paviour of the company to whom fuch pipe or pipes fo broke or burft (hall belong, (hall negledt or refufe to repair and amend the fame, and fill in the ground fo taken up, for the fpace of fix days next after fuch notice given, or (hall negledt to give notice to the paviour or paviours contradting with the laid commiflioners, or to thefurveyor to the faid commiffion-ers, or to fuch other perfons as aforefaid, fuch paviour (hall, for the firft offence, forfeit the fum of twenty (hillings, for the fecond offence, the fum of forty (hillings, and for the third and every other offence, the fum of three pounds ; and if the

;>erfon or perfons contradting with the faid commiflioners, to re-ay fuch pavement fo broke or taken up, forthe reafons aforefaid, (hall negledt or refufe to re-lay fuch pavement, in a good, fuf-ficient, and effedtual manner, within two days after fuch notice given to him as aforefaid; or if the furveyor, or other perfon to whom fuch notice (hall be given, (hall negledt to ao-

1765.]	Anno fextoGEORGii III. 0.24.	jrj

Suaint the contractor of fuch notice, then, and in every fuch ife, the perfon or perfons fo offending (hall, for the firft offence, forfeit the fum of twenty (hillings, for the fecond offence, the fum of forty (hillings, and for the third and every other offence, the fum of three pounds.

XXXIII.	And be it Turther enaCted by the authority afore- Paviours to laid. That the feveral and refpeCtive paviours now appointed, w,lt?r c°m: or hereafter to be appointed, by the faid feveral and refpeCtive to the* water companies, (hall, and they are hereby required, within the farveyor or foace of three days next after the pafting this aCt, or within the clerk of their (pace of three days next after he (hall be appointed paviour to	**

filch company or companies, to give notice in writing to the boae* furveyor or clerk for the time being to the faid commiflioners of his the (aid paviouris name, place of abode, and to what company he is paviour; and in cafe any fuch paviour or pavU onrs (hall negleCt or refufe to give fuch notice within the re-(pe&ive times aforefaid, every fuch paviour fo offending in either of the faid cafe?, (hall, for the firft offence, forfeit the (urn of twenty (hillings, for the fccond offence, the fum of forty (hillings, and for the third and every other offence, the fum of three pounds.

XXXIV.	And be it further enaCted by the authority afore- No alteration faid; That no perfon or perfons (hall make, ojr caufe to be to be made in made, any alteration in the form of any of the pavement of the the form of Taid ftreets or lanes, or of any part thereof, without the confentthe P***-, and direction of the faid commiflioners, or any five or more them, under their hands and feals; upon pain of forfeiting, fioners con" for every fuch offence, the fum of five pounds, over and above feat, all expences incurred or to be incurred in reinstating the fame.

XXXV.	And be it further enaCted by the authority afore- Coipfe of gut-faid. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid com-tcrs h®. ' miffioners, or any five or more of them, from time to time, direCt and caufe the courfe of any gutter or channel, running ^ in or through the faid ftreets or lanes, or either of them, to be turned or altered in fuch manner as they (hall think proper,andgnte*aland to direCt the grates already placed, or hereafter to be placed,tcpc®* *c# over any fewers, to be removed and replaced in fuch manner, and at fuch place and places, as they (hall think moft proper; all which (hall, from time to time, be done at the expence of the faid commiflioners, and paid for out of the money arifing by virtue of this aCt; any law, ufage, or cuftom, to the con-* trary notwithftanding.

XXXVI.	And be it further enaCted by the authority afore- Where it (hall (aid. That when and fo often as there (hall be occafion to make be necefftiy new or additional grates over any fewer or fewers within the	^

laid ftreets or lanes, or either of them, or to repair or alter any m ones~ of the old grates belonging to the commiflioners of fewers, in commiflioners the (aid ftreets or lanes, or either of them, the fame (hall be of fewers to made new, repaired, or altered, by, and at the-expence of, the	cx*

Cud commiflioners of (ewers j and the fame, when fo made flew, repaired, or altered, (hall be laid down in fuch placet,

........	ami

fewer* to be

repaired, See. by commiffi-onert of few-

J4	Anno	fexto	Georgii	III.	c. 24*	£1765,

end it fuch diftance from each other, and in fuch manner and form, m (hall be direded by the furveyor to the commiffioncn for putting this ad in execution, at the expence of the faid comonffioncrs of fewers; and, in cafe the laid commillioners ot fewers (hall negled or refufe fo to do for the fpace of ten dm next after notice given or left with their clerk or clerks for tne time being, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid com* znifTioners appointed by this ad, or any five or more of them, or their furveyor, to caufe fuch grate or grates as (hall be oe* ceffary to be made new, repaired, altered, and laid down, to be fo made new, repaired, altered, and laid down; the expenco whereof (hall be reimburfed and paid by the faid comouiuoiier! of fewers, or recovered of them in like manner as the charge* and expences of re-laying pavements is herein before aut^oror ad to bo recovered.

XXXVII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforti faid. That when and fo often as any (ewer or drain, which if or (hall be under the diredion of the commillioners of fewer*,

___	and	which	(hall	be	iituate in or communicating with the fek[

(beets or lanes, or either of them, (hall require to be madf new, repaired, altered, cleanfed, or emptied ; then, and in every fuch cafe, the faid commillioners of fewers (hall, within fix days after notice given to or left for their furveyor for the time being, at his laft or ufual place of abode, by the (aid comniUfi-oners appointed to put this ad in execution, or any five or more of them, or by the furveyor, or other perfon authorized by them, make new, effedually repair, dean, or empty, fuch On their neg- fewer or drain, as the cafe may require : and, in default there* ** an<* ma.y ** kwfol to ^or the kid cotnmiff ihcfc comiM- “oncr$ appointed by this ad, or any five or more of them, or ftoam, U their furveyor or furveyors for the time being, to caufe (uch fewer or drain to be made new, repaired, altered, cleanfed, or emptied, as the cafe may require, or lo much thereof as (ball and paid for remain unfinilhed j the charges and expences whereof (hall be Pai<* by comm>®oncrs f°r putting this ad in execution, L* **“ who (hall be reimburfed the lame by the clerk or treafurer for the time being to the faid comraifljoners of fewers: and, in cafe the faid clerk or treafurer to the faid commillioners of fewers (hall negled or refufe to pay what (hall have been fo paid and difburfed, within ten days next after notice thereof shall be left at the dwelling- houfe or lad place of abode of fudr clerk or treafurer ; which notice (hall be in writing, and figp? ed by the clerk to the commillioners for putting this ad in execution, apd annexed to the bill, containing an account of fuch charges and expences ; it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid lad mentioned commillioners, or any five or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and impowered tp bring, or caufe to be brought, any adion or adions, in the name of their clerk for the time being, again# fuch clerk or treafurer of the commiflionersfor the time bcing,forthe recovery of (uch fum pr te of qaoney a§ they (ha|| hav<; io fxpendep

r '	 '	N

k 765.]	Anno fcxto Georgii III. c. 24.	75

for the purpofes aforefeid, in which action or actions no efloin, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance,

(hall be allowed.

XXXVIII.	And be it further enaCted by the authority afore- Penaltyoflay. (aid. That no perfon pr perfons whatfoever (hall throw, caft,

pr lay, or caufeor permit, or fuffer, to be thrown, caft, or laid,m ******** any alhes, duft, dirt, foil, or other filth whatfoever, before any dwelling-houfe, (hop, liable, building, or wall, in either of the (aid ftreets or lanes, or in any or either of the laid courts, yards, alleys, paflages, or places; but (hall keep, or caufe the fame to be kept, in their refpeCtive houfes or yards, until fuch time as the perfon or perfons contracted with or employed to carry fpray fuch afhes, duft, dirt, filthy or foil, do come by or near their houfes, doors, or places, where they dwell, with a cart or carts, or other conveniences, for carrying away the fame, upon pain of forfeiting, for the fir!} offence, the fum of five (killings i for the fecond offence, the fum of ten (hillings ; and for the third, and every other pffence, the fum <rf twenty (hillings.

XXXIX.	And be it further enaCted by the authority afore- Penalty onob-laid. That if any perfon or perfons (hall, from and after ^e

Aid fecond Monday next after the paffing of this aCt, fet out, carriage* * 1 lay, drive, or carry, or caufe or procure, permit or fuffer, to timber, or be fet out, laid, drove, or carried, any coach, cart, dray, wag- other mate-goo, or other carriage, wheels, timber, (tones, or any other™8* jnaterial, matter, or thing, which may occafion any annoyance,

Xftuifance, or obfixuCtion whatfoever, in the laid ftreets or lanes, or either of them, fo as to (top, obftraCt, incommode, or en-danger, any perfon or perfons, carriage or carriages whatfo-ever, palling thereon; or if any cart, waggon, or other carriage, with hay or draw therein for (ale; or any cart, waggon, coach, or other carriage, intended to be let out or worked for hire (except hackney coaches, which (hall (land in fuch part or parts the (aid ftreets or lanes, or ibme of them, as (hall be appointed by the faid commiffioners, or any five or more of them) (hall be differed to (land in either of tne faid ftreets or lanes for any the purpofes aforefcid refpedtively; or if any cart, waggon, or other carriage, or any wheel-barrow, (hall be differed to remain in the faid ftreets or lanes, or either of them, any longer than is needful and proper for the neceffary loading or unloading thereof refpe£tively 1 or if any cart, dray, or other carriage,

(ball be placed or fet acrofs any part of any of the faid ftreets pr lanes within the faid parifhcs, or either of them, for the

^fes of loading or unloading the lame; it (hall and may be I, in any of dich cafes, for the faid commiffioners, or any five or more of them, either at any meeting in purfuance of this a£t, or without any fuch meeting, to caufe the laid carts, wraggons, coaches, or other carriages, and matters, and things refpe&ively, making or occafioning fuch annoyance, nuifance^

Of obftru&km, to be removed, taken, carried away, and dcpo-Wb4§ U*.d*ch place or places, as the Aid commiffioners, or any

Sn*

penalty of driving, to. any wheelbarrow, Sec. on the foot pavements.

Hoards, See. may be made for building or repairing, with lew.

Anno fezto Georg li III. c. 24;	£1765.

five or more of them, (hill dire# or appoint $ there to remain until the offender or offenders (hall have paid and difchargpd all cofts, charges, and expences, attending the carrying away and deposing the fame as aforefaid, as alio a fum not exceed*

' ing forty (hillings for each fuch offence.

XL. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid^ That if any perfon or perfons (hall run, drive, draw, or capfe to be run, driven, or drawn, on any part of the foot pavements of the faid ftreets or lanes, or either of them, any wheel or wheels, (ledge, wheelbarrow, or any carriage whgtlbever; fuch perfon or perfons (hall forfeit, for the firft offence, the fum of ten (hillings; for the fecond offence, the fum of twenty dull* ings ; and for the third, and every other offence, the lum of forty (hillings.

XLI. Provided al wavs, and be it further enabled by the author rity aforefaid, That it (nail be lawful for any perfon or perfons to ere<ft or fet up, or caufe to be created or fet up, in the laid ftreets or lanes, any.inclofure, pods, bars, or rails, or other matters or things, for the purpofe of making mortar, and deporting bricks, lime, or other materials, for building or repairing any houfes, buildings, or other works; every fuch perfon or perfons firft obtaining leave, under the hand of the fur-veyor for the time being to the (aid commifiioners* for thofb purpofes refpe&ively, which he is hereby impowered to give, by their permiflion : but if any perfon or perfon9 (hall erefl or fot up, or caufe to be ereded or fet up, any fuch inolofures, polls, bars, or rails, or any other matter or thing, for the purpofes aforefaid, without fuch leave firft had and obtained, every fuch perfon (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay a fum not exceeding twenty (hillings for every hour fuch inclafure} matter, or thing, as aforefaid, (hall remain and continue.

XLII. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, the Arccut** That t*ic ®“d commifiioners, or any five or more of them, (haU be watered ° have Powcr *nd authority to caufe the faid ftreets and lanes * to be watered as often as there (hall be occafion, in fuch manner as the faid commifiioners, or any five or more of then)j (h^ll dire#; and to defray the expences thereof out of the money to be railed by virtue of this a6t. and wells to XLIII. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaidj pro- That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid commiffi-ptr pUces. 0ners, or any five or more of them, to credl porters blocks or refts; and to caufe'to be dug and funk, in fuch place or places in the faid ftreets or lanes, or in any ft reef, lane, court, yard, alley, paflage, or place, adjoining, any well or wells; ana alfo to eredt any pump or pumps on or near the fame ; and alfo to remove or alter any pump now (landing in the (aid ftreets of lanes, for the purpofe of watering the faid ftreets or lanes, in fuch manner as the laid commifiioners, of any five or morp of them, (hall diredt.

XLIV. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid; Tfiat the laid oomaiiffioners, or any five or more of themj



Commiflion-

Names of ire^i dee.

ly65.] Anno fexto Georgii III. C. 24.	77

may order and direct the houfes within the faid ftreets" and to beafSxcd lanes, and within the faid courts, yards, alleys, paflages, and,®n cornc,# places, or any of them, to be numbered with figures placed or houfc#*

Q*:ed on the doors thereof, or in fuch other part of the faid es refpeftively as they the faid commiflioners, or any five or more or them, (hall think proper; and may alfo order and direct to be engraved, painted, or otherwife deferibed, on a Confpicuous part of fome houfe, or other building, at or near the end or comer of each ftreet, lane, court, yard, alley, paf-fage, or place, adjoining to, or being near, tne faid ftreets or lanes hereby direfted to be regulated refpeftively, the names by which fuch refpeftive ftreet, lane, court, yard, alley, pafiage, or place, fo adjoining, is ufually or properly called or known 9 and if any perfon or perfons (hall wilfully or malidouily de-ftroy, injure, obliterate, or deface, any fuch number, figure* name, or description, or any part thereof, or caufe or procure the fame to be done, and (hall be convicted thereof by his or her own confeffion, or by the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witnefles, before one or more juftice or juftices of the peace afting in and for the faid town and places, which oath the faid juftice or juftices is and are hereby impowered to adminifter; every fuch perfon fo offending (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of forty (hillings.

XLV. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. Signs, dec. to That from and after the faid fecond Monday next after the paf- be regulated, fing of this aft, the faid commiftioners, or any five or more of them, (hall caufe all (igns, which then, or at any time after,

(hall be placed or hung in any part or parts of the faid ftreets and lanes, to be fixed or placed on the fronts of fuch houfes refpeftively whereto the fame (hall belong; and alfo (hall and may caufe all fign irons, pofts, boards, gutters, or other things, occafioning any obftruftion or annoyance in the faid ftreets, to be removed or altered in fuch manner as the faid commiffi-oners, or any five or more of them, (hall think moft proper and convenient; and that for the future, all fiens, boards, fpouts, or gutters, (hall be placed or fixed on the monts of the houfes, (hops, warehoufes, or buildings, whereunto they refpeftively belong, and not otherwife, and if any perfon or perfons (hall, at any time hereafter, hang, place, ereft, or build, any fign, fign poft or iron, board, fpout or gutter, or caufe the fame to be done, in any other manner than as aforefaid, or (hall in any manner occafion any incroachment or annoyance in the (aid ftreets or lanes ; every fuch perfon (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of five pounds.

XLVI. Provided always, and be it further enafted by the signs, &c. UB-authority aforefaid. That if any, or any part of any, fuch fign, ufcd, to be re. fign iron or poft, board, gutter, or fpout, (hall remain unufed turned, after the alteration made thereto, as before direfted, the fame (hall be returned to, and be the property of, the perfon to whom the lame belonged before fuch removal or alteration.

XLYIL Jnd whrnas tbt faid Jlmti and lotus are, in Jomt

£artt

7*	Anno	facto	Georgii III. c.24.	[17651

/*7ffj thereof, greatly obftruded and made dangerous to foot paffen* gers, by flips being brought out from houfes, fteps and doors going down into cellars, vaults, and other places, and by Jbew glaffes, fbew boards, or other matters or things projecting from fbops or houfej» over and beyond the area belonging to fuch houfes, or into the foot<■ m - ways ; be it therefore funher enabled by the authprity aforefaid, Wdngtoofar” That from and after the faid fecond Monday after the paffia| to bercmov-* this aft, all fuch fteps projecting into the foot-ways of the ed.	laid	ftreets and lanes, and all fteps and doors going down out

of the foot-ways into any cellars, vaults, or other places, be* longing to any houfe, (hop, warehoufe, or tenement, as like* wife all (hew glades or (hew boards projecting over and beyond the areas, or into the foot-ways, and all and every other material, matter, or thing, belonging to any houfe, warehoufe, (hop, cellar, or other building, which caufe or occafion any nuifance, annoyance, incroachment, or obftruCtion, in the Cud ftreets or lanes, or either of them (either in the foot or carriage* way thereof) (hall be, at the expence of the faid commiffioners* from time to time, removed, fixed, placed, or altered, in fuch manner and form as (hall be approved of by the bid com-miflioners, or any five or more or them, or their furveyor by their direction.

XLVIII. And whereas the paving all the ftreets and lanes com*

'	prized	within the limits of this aft will neceffarily require a courfe

of time, and the pavements of many places continue very bad and dangerous, and the prefent method of prefenting thefe inconveniences by the leet juries is often attended with great delays : and whereas it is apprehended, that if power was given to the cemmifftoners for executing this ad to remedy thefe defects, the fame wouldbe of pub* tick utility $ be it therefore enaCted by the authority afordaid* Yhvments in That the furveyor to the faid commiffioners, or any other per* other ftreets, fon or perfons appointed by them, (hall, as often as he or they hojvto be re- or are directed by the faid commiffioners, or any five or more of them, view the (late and condition of the faid ftreets, ls|nes» and other paflages, within the pari(hes and places aforefaid* and all nuifances, defects, and wants of repair, and to prefent the fame to the faid commiffioners in their refpeCtive divifions upon oath ; which oath they, or any five or more of them, are hereby impowered to adminifter; and the faid commiffioners, or any five or more of them, (hall thereupon fend notice in writing, to the houfe or houfes, or other buildings or tenements where (uch nuifance or defeCt (hall be, requiring the fame to fee removed or amended within fourteen days then after; and if the fame (hall not be done according to fuch order and notice, the (aid commiffioners, or any five or more of them, (hall thereupon caufe the nui&nces or defects to be removed or •mended, and they (hall be reimburfed and paid by the tenant pr tenants, occupier or occupiers, of the refpeCtive houfes or ether tenements $ and fuch tenant or tenants, occupier or occupiers, is, and are, and (hall be, liable to pay the whole of duch charges and expcnccs * and in cafe fuch tenant .or tenants,

occupier

79

*76$.} Aftnd fctto GEOROn HI. C. 24.

Occupier of occupiers, (hall not within fix days after the fante Stall be demanded, by a notice thereof in writing, given to him, her, or them, or left at his, her, or their lift or moft ufual place of abode, pay, or caufe to be paid, the faid charges and fcxpences to the laid commiilioners, or any five or more of them, or to fuch perfon or perfons as they (hall .appoint to re-drive the fame (which faid notice (hall be in writing, and fign-fed by the clerk to the commiffioners for the time being, by or* der of the faid commiffioners, or any five or more of them, and annexed to the bill containing an account of the cxpences in* curred) it (hall and may be lawful for the perfon or perfons fo to be appointed by the faid commiffioners to receive the fame, feo make complaint thereof to any one or more juftice or iufti-ces of the peace for the county or place where fuch perfon or perfons, fo refilling or negle&ing, (hall be and refide; and fuch juftice orjufticcs may, and is and are hereby authorized and required, to iffiie a warrant under his or their hand and feal,

6r hands and feals, to caufe the party or parties to be brought before him or them5 and upon the party or parties appearing!

Of not being to be found after due enquiry and proof thereof, by the oath of the party making fuch enquiry (which oath the £iid juftice or juftices is and are hereby impowered and required to adminifter) to hear and determine the matter in a summary way: and if upon the confeffion of the party or parties, or by the oath of one or more credible witnefs or wit-nefles (which oath fuch juftice or juftices is and are hereby impowered and required to adminifter) it (hall appear to fuch juftice or juftices, that fuch charges and expences have been incurred by the faid commiffioners, and not paid or fatisfied by the party or parties as aforefaid; then fuch juftice or juftices may, and he or they is and are hereby authorized and required to iftue a warrant or warrants under his and their hand ancf fell, or hands and feals, for levying the fame by diftrefs and fide of the goods and chatties of fuch party or parties; and if after full payment thereof, together with all charges attending loch diftrefs and fale, there (hall be an overplus, then the fame lhall be paid to the owner or owners of fycb goods and chatties upon demand.

XLIX. Provided always. That nothing herein contained Central* be-lhall be deemed or taken to make void any cuftom, ufage, con-trad, covenant, or agreement, between landlord and tenant, touching or concerning the keeping in repair fuch pavement, cated.

L.	Provided alfo. That nothing in this ad (hall beconftrued Pnmfo. to reftrain the power of fuch court-leets, but that no perfon lhall be punifhed twice for the fame offence

LI. Andy for defraying the charges and expences of paving and 'repairing the findjtreets and lanes, or any of tbem> and of cleanjmgy ngbtingy and watching the fame^ and alt other flreetSy taneSy -courts y jardSy and ether places aforefaidy and for preventing annoyances and heereaebmeuts therein^ and for other the purports of this aft; be it tatter eroded by the authority afosefiud. That from and after	tttow

Oda

16	Anno	fcxto	Georgii	III. c.24.	[176^

the jpafling of this ad, one or more rate or rates, afleflment os aflerfments, (hall twice in every year, or oftener, if it (hall be thought needful by the (aid comiriilfiohers, or any five or more of them, be made, laid, and aflefifed, by the faid coramiffi-oners, or any five or more of them, within their refpe&ive divifions, of and upon all and every perfon and perlbns, who do or (hall inhabit, hold, or occupy any land* houfe, (hop, warehoufe, cellar, vault, or other tenement, within the (aid llreets and lanes refpedively, herein before di reded and appointed to be in the firft place paved$ and upon all and every perfon and perfons who do or (hall inhabit, bold, or occupy, any land, houfe, (hop, warehoufe, cellar, vault, or other tenement, within all other ftreets, lanes, and places, comprized within this ad, when and fo foon as the fame (hall refpedively be begun to be paved by virtue of this ad, in fuch competent fum and fums of money, as the faid commifiioners, or any five •or more of them, (hall yearly, and every year, order and di-red; fo as fuch rates or afleffments, do not exceed in the whole, the fum of two (hillings in the pound, in any one year, of the yearly rent of fuch lands, houfes, (hops, warehoufe* cellars, vaults, and other tenements, within the laid ftreets and lanes refpedively ; nor more than one half part of fuch rates or aficflments, in any one year, of fuch yearly rent, within all wharfsj and the faid courts, yards, alleys, paflages, and places, •as aforefaid, inns, and liver)' (tables, the entrances or gateways only of which faid inns and livery (tables, are in the (aid ftreett or lanes refpedively.

Certain ftreets LII. And whereas the paving of the faidftreets, lanes,, and places, may be light- will neceffarily require a courfe of time to compleat the fame \ and «d» watchc<J> whereas it may be found necejfary forthwith to lights watch, and fcrthvlritb# d* {^eanfe^ lb* high ftreet, from the fouth end London Bridge, to the Jlones end in Blackman Street, Church Lane, Kent Street, and White Street; and alfo from the weft end <?/Tooley Street to the eaft end thereof; and alfo the feveral other ftreets, lanes, and places, lying within the faid pari/h of Saint Olaye ; and alfo from the north end of Bermondfey Street, and through Bermondfey Street to the Hand qnd Marygold, at the fouth end thereof5 and alfo the feveral other courts, yards, alleys, paffages, and places, #7w-mediately communicating with or adjoining to the fame \ be it therefore further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid commifliondrs, or any five or more of them, within their refpedive diftrids, to make a rate or rates, twice or oftener in every year, as it (hall be found neceflary, upon all and every perlon and perfons who do or (hall inhabit, hold, occupy, or enjoy, any land, houfe, (hop, warehoufe, cellar, vault, wharf, or other building or tenement, dead wall, or void fpace of ground, within or communicating with the faid laft mentioned pari(h, ftreets, and places refpediyely, in fuch competent fum and fums of money as they the faid commiflioners, or any five or more of. them, (hall think fufficient 5 and (hall and may apply the feme in __	cleaning.

765.] Anno fexto Georgii III. c. 24.	81

eanfing, watching, and lighting, the fame ftreets, lanes, and aces refpedively, under the powers and authority of this adt, though the fame (hall not be begun to be paved by virtue of »is att.

LIIL Provided always, That fuch rate or rates (hall not ex - Rates not to *d two (hillings in the pound in any one year, of the yearly exceed »#. in M of fuch lands, houfes, (hops, yvarehoufes, cellars, vaults,thc P°und-harfs, or other buildings, tenements, dead walls, or void aces of ground.

LIV. And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, Commiflion-Ttat if at any time hereafter two thirds of the houfeholders ers to cleanfe, ithin any ftreet, lane, or place, comprized within this aCt, a„y tail apply by petition to the faid commiffioners, or any five or ftreet, on lore of them, at any of their.meetings within their refpec- application of ?e divifions, deiiring to have fuch ftreet, lane, or place, cleanf- t?ro.thhir?? °* I, watched, and lighted, under the powers of this adt$ then (hall and may be lawful for the faid commiflioners, or any ve or more or them, and they are hereby required to caufe the me to be done, and have hereby power to aflefs the inhabi-ints of fuch ftreet or place refpeCtively, in any fum not ex-ceding two (hillings in the pound, of the rent of the houfes, inements, or buildings, within fuch ftreet, lane, or place re-icCtively.

LV. And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid. Rates to be 'hat all rates, made by virtue of this adf, (hall be allowed and fl£"cd by two gned by two juftices of the peace adting in and for the faid banner of iwn or places, who are alfo hereby impowered and required to recovery, rant a warrant or warrants for collecting and levying the me 5 and the faid rates, after the fame (hall be fo allowed and gned by the faid juftices, (hall be collected half yearly by fuch erfon or perfons as the faid commiffioners, or any five or more F them, (nail, by writing under their hands and ieals, appoint: id if any perfon or perfons (hall refufe, negledt, or omit, to ay the fum or fums of money, which he, (he, or they, (hall be ited or aflefled, for the fpace of ten days after perfonal demand made thereof, or demand in writing left at the place of 3ode or occupation of fuch perfon or perfons ; then, and in ?ery fuch cafe, it (hall and may be lawful for the faid collector r collectors, and he and they is and are hereby authorized ad required to levy the fum by diftrefs and fale of the goods nd chatties of fuch perfon or perfons fo neglecting, refuting, r omitting, to pay the fame : and in cafe no fuch goods or lattles can be found to be fo diftrained ; or in cafe fuch goods id chatties (hall be locked up or fecured, or removed from ic faid collector or collectors, fo that he or they cannot dif-ain the lame; then, and, in either of the faid cafes, upon inclination thereof gjven to the (aid juftices, or any two juftices I the peace for the faid county or borough, it mall and may 5 lawful, for fuch juftices, and they are hereby required to com-lit the offender or offenders to the common gaol or houfe of xm£tipa for the faid county or borough, there to remain.

Vox.. XXVII,	G

Rates on Wharfs limited.

Where honfes are lett out in

tenements, owners are to be ail'eired,

but tenants to pay}

who may deduft it out or tneir rents.

Rates for houles under aol. per annum, may be compounded for.

Where houfes, &c. (hall be unoccupied, .

* Anno fexto Georgii III. c. 24,	^1765.

without bail or mainprize, for any time not exceeding the fpace of one month, or until the payment of fuch rate or afleflment, and reasonable charges occasioned by the non-payment thereof.

LVI. Provided always neverthelefs, and be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That the rates to be aflefled upon the inhabitants and occupiers of fuch wharfs, (hall not exceed one half of the rates which (hall be aflefled upon fuch lands, houfes, (hops, warehouses, cellars, vaults, and other tenement*, as fhall be new paved by virtue of this ad.

LVII, And whereas many houfes within the faidftreets and other places ere, by the feveral owners or proprietors thereof \ lett out in lodgings or tenements to divers tenants, whereby it will be difficult /# rate and ofjefs fuch houfes, or to recover fuch rates and ajpjfmenti when made 5 for remedy whereof, be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid commiffioners, or any five or more of them, frdlh time to time, and at all times, when they meet to make a rate in purfuance of this alt, to rate and aflefs the owner or owners of fuch houfes or tenements as (hall be lett to, or occupied by, two or more tenants; which rate and afleflment (hall be paid by one or more of the tenants or occupiers of any part or parts of fuch houfes : and in cafe any occupier or occupiers of aoy part of fuch houfes or tenements (hall refufe to pay the fame; then, the faid rate and afleflment ihall be levied by diftrefs and fale of the goods of him, her, or them, fo refuting to pay the fame; and fuch occupier or occupiers of fuch tenements refpec-tively, is and are hereby required and authorized to pay fuch fum and fums of money, as thall be lb ratecTor aflefled on the owner or owners of fuch houfes, in purfuance of this ad, and to dedud the fame out of the rent thereof; and the owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors thereof, are hereby required to allow fuch dedudions and payments, upon the receipt of the refidue of their rents ; and every fuch tenant, paying l'uch rata or rate^, afleflment or afleflinents, (hall be acquitted and dif-charged for fo much money as the faid rate or rates, afleflment or afleflinents, (hall amount unto, as if the fame had been actually paid to fuch perfon or perfons to whom his, her, or their rent (hould have been due and payable.

LVII1. Provided always, and be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful for the faid commiffioners, or any five or more of them, from time to time, to compound with the owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors, of any fuch houfes, or any other houfes within the faid ftreets and places, the annual rent or value whereof (hall be under twenty pounds, for the rate by this ad authorized, to be laid upon fuch houfes ; fo as in fuch compofition. there be not remitted to any fuch owner browners, proprietor or proprietors refpedively, more than one third of the rate by this ad hud upon fuch houfes refpedively; :

LIX. And be it further enaded by the authority > aforefaid. That in cafe it (lull fo happen, that any of the lands, houfes, 2	*.	/v	ribops,

1765.J Anno fexto Georgii III. c. 24.	83

(hops, warehoufes, cellars, vaults, or other tenements, or any

part or parts thereof, within the faid ftreets and places, or any’

or either of them, (hall, at any time from and afrer the making

of the faid rate or rates, afleffment or afleflments, be empty,

untenanted, or unoccupied ; that then, and in every fuch cafe, ^wne™.to J*

one half of the faid rate or rates, afleflment or afleflments, or onenatt of*

the one half of (uch other rates as may be aflefled by virtue of the rates,

this aft, (hall be paid by the owner or proprietors of fuch lands,

houfes, (hops, warehoufes, cellars, vaults, or other tenements ;

and in cafe of non-payment thereof, fuch lands, houfes, (hops, and the pre-

warehoufes, vaults, cellars, or other tenements, (hall be, and

the fame are hereby made a fecurity for arid chargeable with a ccu"

fuch arrears.	*

LX. Jnd, to the end the fatJ rates may be more effectually col- Tenants and lefled and received, be it further enafted, That all and every occupiers to tenant or tenants, occupier or occupiers of lands, houfes, (hops, Pa* ratci* warehoufes, cellars, vaults, or other tenements, are and (hall be liable to pay the whole of fuch rates, when no compofition (hall have been made as aforefaid, to the receiver or receivers to be appointed by the faid commiflioners, as herein is directed ; and in cafe of fuch payment, fuch tenant or tenants, occupier or occupiers, (hall be at liberty, and is and are hereby authorized to deduft and detain out of his, her, or their rent, ' fuch proportion of fuch rates as he, (he, or they, (hall refpec-tively pay, on account of the feveral owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors, of fuch lands, houfes, (hops, warehoufes, cellars, vaults, or other tenements, and (hall be hereby faved and kept harmlefs from any further payment of any fuch rate or rates, to any perfon or perfons to whom any fuch rent or rents (hould or ought to be paid.

LXI. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. Pavements li-That where any part or parts of the pavement of the faid ftreets able to be re-or other places, hath or have been accuftomed, or ought to be paved and repaired by any particular parilh or parifties, bodies £re to’be impolitic or corporate, and not by the owners or occupiers of the paired at their houfes or other buildings adjoining to the pavement of the laid expence by ftreets and places refpeftively; the fame (nail be paved and re-paired at the expence of the refpeftive parilh or parifties, bodies ours~. p politic or corporate, by the paviour or paviours contrafting with or employed by the faid commiflioners.

LXII. Provided always, That it (hall and maybe lawful for or the com-the faid commiflioners, or any five or more of them, from time milfionersmay to time, to compound and agree for the fame with any fuch ^IjJ^h^na-parifh or parifties, or bodies politic or corporate, for a certain JjJke*, to. tor fwn of money, by the foot or other meafure, as the faid com- the lame. miflBoners, or any five or more of them, (hall think reafonable.

LXIII. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. All pnblick That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid commiflion* buildings, to. ers, or any five or more of them, at their diferetion, and they b« ratcd b7 •re hereby required, from time time, to rate and aflefs, for the Mrpofes of this aft, all pari(h churches, church yards, chapels, y

G 2

Anno fexto Georgii III. c. 24.	[1765-

meeting houfes, fchools, warehoufes, hofpitals, prifons, and ’all other public buildings whatfoever, and all dead walls, aod void fpaces of ground, fituate and being within either of the laid ftreets and other places, at a rate to be fettled by five or more of the (aid commiffioners, not exceeding fix pence for every fquare yard belonging to every fuch parilh church, church yard, chapd, meeting houfe, fchool, warehoufe, hofpital, prifon, and other public buildings whatfoever, dead wall, and void fpace of ground; the rate or rates, aflefiment or afleflments, to be made and paid for fuch parilh churches, chapels, and church yards, to be paid by the reipe&ive church or chapel wardens$ and the rate or rates, afleffmcnt or afleflments, to be made and paid for fuch meeting houfes, fchools, warehoufes, dead walls, and void fpaces of ground, (hall be paid by the owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors, thereof; and the rate or rates, aflefiment or afleflments, to be made and paid for fuch hofpitals, prifons, and other public buildings, (hall be paid by fuch perfon and perfons, officer and officers, as are now liable to pay for paving, cleanfing, lighting, and watching, the faid ftreets, in refpeck of fuch hofpital, prifon, or other public building refpeftivelv.

, Occupiers LXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, quitting with- That where any perfon or perfons, who hath or have been rates^ina^be ratc<* anc*	ty v*rtuc °f this a6l, (hall quit his, her, or

followed?^ ** their dwelling-houle, warehoufe, (hop, vault, cellar, or tenement, whereupon fuch rate or aflefiment has been made, before he, (he, or they, (hall have paid the fame, and (hall afterwards refufe to pay the fame when due, and demanded by the perfon or perfons authorized and appointed to colledt and receive the fame; that then, and in every fuch cafe, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid receiver or receivers, collector or collectors, and every or any of them, by warrant under the hands and feals of any two or more juftices of the peace adting in and for the faid town and places, which warrant the faid juftices are hereby authorized and required to grant, in any place within the faid borough of Southwark, or county of Surrey; or, out of the limits thereof (fuch warrant being hrft backed or counter-figned by fome magiftrate in the county, city, or liberty, where the diftrefs is to be made) to diftrain the goods and chatties of fuch perfon or perfons fo ncgleCHng or retufing, and the fame to fell, rendering the overplus, if any fuch (hall be, after de? dudling the reafonable charges and expences of fuch diftrefs and fale, to the owner of fuch goods and chatties demanding the fame.

Perfons pay- LXV. And be it further enadled. That all and every perfon ing tins rate, or perfons paying the rates and afleflments by this acl laid, with-cxtmpted. in the faid ftreets and places refpcdlively, (hall be, and they, an4 every of them, is and are hereby exempted and difeharged from the charge and expence of paving, cleanfing, lighting, or watching the faid ftreets, and all other ftreets and places within their rcfpeCtive parifties, wherein any part of the faid ftreets, courts, yards, lanes, alleys, and other places refpe&ively are fituate ;

and

1765.J Anna fexto Georoii III. c. 24.

and alfo from all penalties which may or might be incurred by reafon or means of their negledting to pave, cleanfe, light, or watch the fame refpedtively \ any law, ftatute, or ufage, to the 'Contrary notwithstanding.

LX VI. And whereas provifion may have been formerly made by pormer ratcg cBs ef parliament, either for pavings cleaning, lightings watchings t0 ceafe. tr keeping in repair, the faid Jlreets and other places, or fome part or parts thereof intended to be paved, cleanfed, lighted, watched, and kept in repair, by this aft\ be it therefore enadted by the authority aforefaid, That as Toon as any rate or afleflinent (hall be made, laid, or aflefled, by virtue of this adt, on the owners or occupiers of any lands, houfes, (hops, warehouses, cellars,

▼suits, or other tenements; or on any church or chapel wardens, for and on account of any ground belonging to any church, church yard, or chapel j fuch owner or occupiers, and fuch church or cnapel wardens refpedtively, (hall be no longer liable to be charged to any rate or afleflment for and on account of fuch lands, houfes, (hops, warehoufes, cellars, vaults, or other tenements j or for or on account of fuch church, church yard, or chapel, by virtue or in purfuance of fuch former adts, or any of them.

LXVII. And, for the more effedtually putting this adt in execution, be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That upon and after the firft Sunday after the firft general meeting of the faid commiflioners, there (hall be paid to the receiver or receivers, colledtor or colledtors, to be nominated and appointed by the faid commiflioners, or any feven or more of them, at a general meeting aflembled, before any cattle or carriage (hall be ptfmitted to pafs on a Sunday through any or either of the turnpikes here under-mentioned, or through any turnpike to be eredted, by virtue of this or any other adt or acts of parliament, near the fame; videlicet, The turnpike at Symond's Corner, in the parifti of Lambfth $ or at any gate or gates, turnpike or turn-Jolla on Sun-pikes, to be eredted between the faid place and the (tones end . in Blackman Street; the turnpike at Newington Butts ; any gate or gates, turnpike or turnpikes, to be eredfed between the road called The New Road, at the end of Kent Street, and Saint George's church; any gate or gates, turnpike or turnpikes, to be ere&ed at or near Star Corner, in the pari(h of Bermondfey \ any gate or gates, turnpike or turnpikes, to be eredted between a place called Dock Head and Folly Bridge $ the following tolls j videlicet,

For every coach, chariot, berlin, chaife, chair, calalh, or other carriage, drawn by fix or more horfes, the fum of ten pence.

For every coach, chariot, berlin, chaife, chair, cala(h, or other carriage, drawn by four horfes, the fum of eight pence.

For every coacn, chariot, berlin, chaife, chair, cala(h, or Dthfcr carriage, drawn by three or two horfes, the fum of fix pence.

And for every chaife, chair,cala(h, or other carriage, drawn by one horfe, the fum of threepence.

G	3 Vot

Anno fextoGEORGli III. c.*4#	f 1765.

For every horfe, mule, or afs, not drawing, the fum of one penny.

Which faid refpcdtive fumsof money (hall and may be demanded and taken in the name of and for a ftreet toll, over and above, and exclufive of, all other tolls which are or (hall be authorized to be taken and collcdted upon or on account of the faid roads, br any of them : and the faid commiflioners, or any five or more of them, are hereby impowered by themfelves, or by any perfon or perfons by them, or any five or more of them, thereto authorized at a general meeting, to levy the toll, hereby required to be paid, upon any perfon or perfons who (hall, after demand thereof made, negledf or refufe to pay the fame as afore-faid, or to deny or hinder any paflage through the faid turnpikes refpedtively, until payment thereof; which faid toll (hall and may be levied by diftrefs of any horfe or horfes, or other cattle, upon which the toll is by this adfc impofed, or upon any of the goods and chatties of fuch perfon or perfons who ought to pay the fame; and all fuch horfes, cattle, or goods, may be detained until fuch toll, with the reafonable charges of fuch diftrefs (hall be paid : and it (hall be lawful for the perfon or perfons fo di-ftraining, after the (pace of four days after fuch diftrefs made or taken, to fell the horfe or horfes, cattle, goods, or chatties, fo diftrained, rendering to the owner or owners thereof theovcr: plus upon demand, after fatisfadtion of the faid toll, and the ret-fonable charges in and about making fuch diftrefs, keeping, and fale, (hall be fully paid and fatisfied.

LX VIII. And be it further enadted by the authority afbrefaid. That it (hall be lawful for the faid commiflioners, or any five or turnpikes and more Qf them, at a general meeting, if they (hall think proper, to l houies. at any tjmc or tjmes^ to caufe to be eredted any turnpike or turnpikes, at or near the refpedtive places afore-mentioned, for the purpofe of colle&ing the feveral and refpedfive tolls hereby made payable; and alfo to be eredted or provided a toll-houfe at or near each turnpike; and, from time to time, to remove or alter the fame, as they the faid commiflioners, or any five or more of them, (hall think expedient.

Turnpikes al- LXIX. Provided always, and be it further enadted and deready created, dared by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be may be ufed lawful for the feveral and refpedtive receivers and colledtors, and for the pur- other perfons, to be appointed by virtue of this adf, to receive po.ea o this anj co]je<q tjie fevCraI tolls hereby made payable; and they are hereby authorized and impowered, for the purpofes of this ad, without the lett, hindrance, or moleftation, of any perfon or perfons whatfoever, to make ufc of all or any the gates or turnpikes, and toll-houfes, already credted, or hereafter to be eredted or continued by viitue of any adt or adts of parliament, at or near the refpedtive places whereat any toll is hereby authorized to be taken; fo as fuch refpedtive receivers, colledtors, or other perfons, do in no wife binder or interrupt the tranf-

tding

Tolls may be levied by di-itrefs, &c.

Diftrefs may be fold after 4. days.

Commiflioners may ereft

1765.] Annofcxto Georoii III. c.24.	87

doling of any bufinefs or purpofe, for which fuch turnpikes and toll-houfes were refpedlively eredfed or provided.

LXX. Provided alfo, and be it further enadted by the au-Street tolls thority aforefaid, That no perfon or perfons (hall be liable to P*,d but pay the faid ftreet toll more than once for pafling or repairing, 0ilcca ay* at any time or times, on the fame Sunday as afoi^faid, with the fame cattle and carriage; but that all and every perfon and perfons, after having paid fuch toll once as aforeiaid, (hall, during the remainder of fuch day, pafs toll-free, with refpedi to the faid ftreet toll, with the fame cattle and carriage, through the gate or turnpike at which any fuch toll was paid, upon producing a note or ticket denoting the payment of fuch toll; which notes or ticket^ the colledtors of the faid tolls are hereby fequired to give gratis on receipt of fuch tolls.

LXXI. And whereas an aft was pajfed in the lafl feffton of par- Perfons hav. Eamsnty intituled, An adt for impowering the commifiioners for putting in execution the fevcral adts pafled for paving, cleanfing, Sunday toll, and lighting, the fquares, ftreets, and lanes, within the city and exempted liberty of JVeftminfter, and parts adjacent, to colledt certain from lhe tolls cm Sundays, upon the feveral roads therein mentioned, ^°uthwark> and apply the fame for the purpofes of the faid adts : and whereas a Jireet toll is iirefted by the faid aft to be taken at the turnpike near eft to Weftminfter Bridge, in tke county of Surrey ; be it therefore further enadlcd by the authority aforeiaid, That all perfons having paid the toll granted by the faid adl, at the laid turnpike neareft to JVeJlminJler Bridge, and producing a ticket denoting the payment thereof, (hall be permitted, in the fame day, to pafs and repafs with the fame cattle and carriage through the gate or turnpike whereat any toll (hall be taken by virtue of this adt, at or near SymoruTs Corner, or between the faid place and the ftones end in Blackman Street, without paying any toll authorized by this adt to be colledted; and all perfons having paid the toll by this adt granted, at any gate at or near Symond’s Corner aforefaid, or between that place and the ftones end in Blackman Street aforefaid, and producing a ticket denoting the payment thereof, (hall be permitted to pafs and repafs on the fame day, through any gate or turnpike near IVeftminJler Bridge, without paying any toft by the faid above mentioned adt of lad feflion authorized to be collected; which tickets the refpedtive colledtors are hereby required to deliver, on receipt of the toll.

LXXII. Provided always, and it is hereby enadted and de- No toll to be dared. That nothing in this adt contained, fhall extend, or be .taken f°r 8°-conftrued to extend, to give the commiflioners for putting this adt Fn-ars*1 in execution, any power to collect any toll or tolls upon any car- Bridge, riage or cattle pafling to or from the bridge now credting acrofs the river Thames, from Black Fryars, in the city of London, over or through any of the roads made, or which (hall be made, leading thereto; unlefs fuch carriages or cattle (hall adtually Gome into any of the ftreets aforefaid, within the powers of tbit a&

G4

LX XIII. And

8S

On? million-nv. »n:iy Icafe the toils.

Penalty on evading the tolls.

Anno fexto Gsorgii III. c. 24;	[1765.

LXXIII. And be it further enaded by the authority afere^ faid, That the faid commifGoners, or any five or more of them, it a general meeting, may, and are hereby impowered, upon ten days notice being given in the London Gazette, to leafeor farm, by the year, the tolls by this a<ft granted, or any part or parts thereof, to any perfon or perfons, at or for the largeft. yearly fums that can be got for the fame; provided that fudi lettings or agreements be made in writing, and figned by the perfon or perfons taking or farming any fuch tolls, and by the commiflioners that lett the fame, ana be not made for more than three years at a time; and that the money that (hall be lb agreed to be paid for the (aid tolls, (hall be made payable, and (hall be paid, to the faid commiffioners by quarterly payments; and that the perfon or perfons to whom tne fame (nail be folett, (hall always pay down one quarter’s pay in advance $ and if any letting or agreement for letting the faid tolls, or any part or parts thereof, (hall be made, or any default (hall be made in paying the money agreed to be paid, contrary to the true meaning of this a<5t, then every fuch letting and agreement (hall be void, and the perfon or perfons to whom the faid tolls (hall be lett, (hall be liable to account for the fame, and to have the fame levied and recovered upon and of him and them, in the fame manner as is by this a6t directed for the accounting for other monies by the colleflors or receivers thereof, and for the levying and recovering the fame upon and of them.

LXXIV. And be it further enabled by the authority afore-faid. That if any perfon or perfons (hall forcibly or wilfully go or pafs with any horfe, bead, or carriage, through any turnpike whereat any toll is, by virtue of this adt, to be paid, without paying fuch toll, or producing a note or ticket as aforefaid at fuch turnpike, or (hall forge, counterfeit, or alter, or (hall deliver to, or receive from, any other per(on or perfons, any note or ticket, with an intent to avoid the payment of any or either of the (aid tolls, or any part thereof; every perfon lo offending (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of forty (hillings, over and befides fuch damages and punilhments as they and every of them refpedtively (hall be liable to by law; and it (hall and maybe lawful for the faid receivers or colle&ors, and for every of them, and all other perfons by them required to aflift in that refpedt to feize any horfe or horfes, cattle or goods, belonging to, or in the poffeflion, or under the care of, any perfon or perfons fo offending in the premifles; and the fame to take before any juftice of the peace of the county or place where fuch offence or offences (hall be committed, and before him to make complaint of fuch offence or offences ; and fuch juftice may, and is hereby required to enquire into the fame, as well by examination of the party or parties, as by the teflimony of any credible witnefsor witnefles uponoath (which oath fuch juftice is hereby impowered to adminifter without fee or reward) and if the faid juftice (hall fee caufe, to convi& the party or parties complained of in the penalty aforefaidj and

for

89

i765-3

Anno fexto Georgii III. c. 24.

for nonpayment thereof, and of the tolls that (hall be due (though the fame (hall not be demanded) by warrant under his band and feal, to caufe the faid horfe or horfes, cattle, or goods, to be fold for payment of the faid tolls and penalties, and the charges of feizing and keeping the fame, and of fuch fale, rendering the overplus (if any there (hall be) to the owner or own* era of the faid horfe or horfes, cattle or goods, or to the perfon or perfons under whofe care, or in whofe pofleflion, they re-foedtively was or were when fo feized as aforefaid; and if no fuch feizure as aforefaid can or (hall be made, then the aforefaid penalty and tolls (hall be levied and recovered by fuch means, and applied in fuch manner, as is herein after made and pro* vided for the levying and recovering, and application of penalties and forfeitures.

LXXV. And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore- Commiflion-faid, That the faid commiilioners, or any nine or more of them, ers may bor-at a general meeting, may, and are hereby impowered to bor- row money row and take up at intereft, any fum or fums of money upon the credit of the tolls, payable by virtue of this ad; ana to af* w fign over the fame, or any part or parts thereof, by any writing or writings under their hands and feals, the charges of fuch a£ fignments and conveyances to be paid out of fuch tolls refpec* tively, to any perfon or perfons that (hall advance or lend their monies thereon, as a fecurity or fecurities for the feveral fums that (hall be borrowed, and the intereft thereof, as aforefaid j and copies of all fuch aflignments and conveyances (hall be entered in a book or books to be kept for that purpofe, by the clerk or treafurer to the faid commiffioncrs; and all and every perfon and perfons, to whom any fuch aflignment (hall be made as afbreiaid, is and are hereby impowered from time to time, by aftignment under his, her, or their hand or hands, to be in* dorfed on the back of his, her, or their fecurity, or by any other writing or writings under his, her, or their hand and feal, or hands and feals, which (hall be executed in the prefence of two or more credible witneftes, to aflign over or transfer his, her, or their right, to the principal and intereft-money thereby fe* cured, to any perfon or perfons whomfoever; all which aflign- Securities may ments or transfers (hall be produced and notified to the laid be transferred! clerk or treafurer, within thirty days after the date thereof, who (ball caufe an entry to be made of fuch aflignments, containing the date, names of the parties, and fums of money therein mentioned to be afligned and transferred, in the faid book or books to be kept for entering the faid original aflignments; and which faid book or books (hall and may, at all feafonable times, be perufed and infpedted without any fee or reward; and after fuch entry made, fuch aflignment or transfer (hall intitle fuch aflignee, nis, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, andafligns, to the benefit thereof and payment thereon; and fuch aflignee may in like manner aflign and transfer again, and fo toties quoties\ ana it (hall not be in the power of any perfon who (hall have made fuch aflignment or transfer, to make void, releafe or dif* change the fame, or any monies thereon due*

LXXVi. hxA

No preference to be given in borrowing money.

Anno iexto Georgii III. c. 24.



Monies railed, ▼cited in the commiffion-ers, to be applied for the purpofes of this a &.

Tolls may be apportioned.

Expences of palling this ad, to be firft paid.

Balance of money in hand, at receiver's death, to be paid by his executors, Jsc.

LXXVI. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That no preference (hall be given to any perion or perfons advancing any fum or Aims of money upon the credit of this ad, in refped of the priority of advancing fuch fum or Aims ; but that all perfons, to whom any mortgages or alignments (hall be made as aforefaid, (hall, in proportion to the fum or Anns therein mentioned, be creditors in equal degree one with another.

LXXVII. And be it further enaded by the authority afore-faid. That all monies raifed or colleded by virtue of this ad, as and upon account or credit of the faid tolls, (hall be, and the fame are hereby vetted in the faid commiffioners at large or in general; and the money to be raifed by ail other means under the authority of this ad (hall be, and the fame are hereby vetted in the faid commiffioners within the refpedive divi-fions where fuch monies (hall arife; and all monies raifed or colleded by virtue of this ad, (hall be applied for the purpofes of this ad, and to and for no other ufe or purpofe whatsoever.

LXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That two third parts of the money arifing by the faid tolls, and of the money to be borrowed upon the credit thereof, (hall be applied towards paving the feve-ral ttreets and other carriage ways within the weftern divifion j and the remaining one third part, (hall be applied towards paving the feveral ttreets and other carriage ways within the eaftem divifion ; but if at any time, when the pavement of the feveral ttreets, and other places hereby direded to be paved within either of the faid divifions, (hall be compleated, and there (hall remain any overplus of the faid monies appropriated to that divifion, the fame (hall be paid over to the commiffioners having the care of the other divifion, if the pavements of the ttreets and other places within fuch latt mentioned divifion, are not compleated, to be applied towards compleating the pavement of the ttreets and other places hereby direded to be paved within fuch divifion.

LXX1X. Provided always, and be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That the charges and expences of procuring and patting this ad, (hall be paid out of the firft monies which (hall be raifed-by virtue of this ad.

LXXX. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That if any receiver or receivers (hall happen to die before he or they (hall have fully paid and fatisfied all the money by him or them received by virtue of this adj then, and in every fuch cafe, the executors or adminiftrators, executrix or admi-nittratrix, or other legal reprefentative or reprefentatives, or per-fon or perfons pofieffing the late eftate and effeds of every fuch receiver or receivers, (hall, out of fuch eftate or effeds, pay the treafurer or treafarers for the time being under this ad, all fuch fums of money by fuch receiver or receivers fo received, and not paid, or fo much thereof as the faid eftate or effeds will extend to pay ; and the receipt of five or more of the faid com-miffioners (hall be a good discharge for fuch money; and every

executor

9*

1765O Anno fexto Georgii III. c. 24.

executor or adminiftrator, or other perfon as aforefaid, may, to any a#ion or fuit commenced or brought againft him, her, or them; plead or give in evidence the payment of the fame, and (hall be allowed payment of the fame out of fuch eftate or effects : and in cafe of nonpayment of the fame, by the fpace of twenty one days after the feme (hall be demanded, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid treafurer or treafurers for the time being, and he or they is and are hereby directed and required, in his or their own name or names, to commence and bring one or more action or adlions in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at JVeflminJiiry againft fuch executors or adminiftrators, or other perfon or perfons as aforefaid, for the-recovery of the fame.

LXXXI. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. Penalties may That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid commiifion- ** mitlgattd. ers, or any five or more of them, from time to time, to compound and agree with any perfon or perfons againft whom the faid commiflioners, or any five or more of them, (hall bring, or caufe to be brought, any action or a#ions, fuit or fuits, for any penalty or penalties contained in any contra# or contra#s already entered into, or hereafter to be entered into, on account of any breach or nonperformance of any fuch contra# or contracts, for fuch fum or fums of money as they, or any five or more of them, (hall think proper5 and alfo to mitigate, compound, or leflen, any other the forfeitures incurred under this act; fo as the fum fo compounded and agreed for be not lefs than the injury or damage fuftained by the breach or nonperformance ot fuch contra# or contra#s, and all the cofts, charges, and expences, which (hall be occafioned thereby; and fo as the mitigation of the other forfeitures as aforefaid do not extend to remit above one moiety of the faid forfeitures refpe#ively.

LXXXII. Provided always, and be it further ena#ed by the Perfons «g-authority aforefaid. That if any perfon (hall think himfelf or 8neved ““F herfelf aggrieved by any thing done in purfuance of this a#, q^tc/feK and for which no particular method of relief hath been already {Jon* appointed, fuch perfon may appeal to the juftices of the peace, at any general quarter feflions of the peace to be held for the county or place wherein the caufe of complaint (hall arife; and within three calendar months after the caufe of fuch complaint /hall have arifen, fuch appellant firft giving or caufing to be given twenty one days notice at the lead in writing of his or her intention to bring fuch appeal, and of the matter thereof, to the clerk or treafurer to the faid commiflioners; and, within two days after fuch notice, entering into recognizance before fome juftice of the peace for fuch county or place, with two fuf-fident foreties, conditioned to try fuch appeal at, and abide the order of, and to pay fuch cofts as (hall be awarded by, the ju-Aices at fuch quarter feflions: and the faid juftices, at fuch fef-fion, upon due proof of fuch notice being given as aforefaid, and of the entering into fuch recognizance, (hall hear and finally dcterauoc Use caufcs and matter of fuch appeal in a fummary

9*

Penalties and forfeitures bow to be recovered and applied.

Com million-ers may reward informers.

Commiflion-ers to defray their own ex-penccs. Diftrefj not to be deemed unlawful for want of forms

nor thejparty diftrainmg to be deemed a a trefpaflcr ab initio.

Anno fcxtoGEORGii III. c.24;	[1765.

way, and award fuch cofts to the parties appealing, or appealed againft, as they the faid juftices lhall think proper; and the determination of fuch quarter feflions (hall be final, binding, and conclufive, to all intents and purpofes.

LXXXIII. And be it further enafted by the authority afore-faid. That all penalties and forfeitures by this aft imposed, (the manner of levying and recovering whereof is not hereby other-wife particularly direfted) (hall be levied and recovered by diftrefs and fale of the offenders goods and chatties, by warrant under the hand and feal of one juftice of the peace, afting in and for the faid town and places; which warrant fuch juftice is hereby impowered and required to grant, upon the confeffion of the party or parties, or upon the information of any one or more credible witnefs or witnefies, upon oath (which oath fuch juftice is hereby impowered to adminifter) and the penalties and forfeitures, when recovered, after rendering the overplus (if any be) upon demand, to the party or parties whofe goods and chatties (hall be fo diftrained and fold, fthe charges of fuch diftrefs and fale being firft dedufted) (hall be paid to the trea-furer to the faid commiflioners for the time being, and be applied towards the purpofes of this aft; and in cafe fufficient diftrefs fhall not be found, or fuch penalties and forfeitures (hall not be paid forthwith, it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch juftice, and he is hereby authorized and required, by warrant under his hand and feal, to caufe fuch offender or offenders to be committed to the common gaol, or houfe of cor-reftion, there to remain without bail or mainprize for any time not exceeding three calendar months, nor lefs than fourteen days, unlefs fuch penalties and forfeitures, and all reafonable charges, (hall be fooner fully paid and fatisfied.

LXXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid commiflioners, or any five or more of them, from time to time, if they (hall fee caufe, to pay and apply fuch part of the faid penalties and forfeitures, or any of them, as they (hall think proper, not exceeding one moiety of them, or any of them, to and for the ufe of the informer or informers, or any of them; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwith-ftanding.

LX XXV. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That the faid commiflioners, (hall, at all their meetings under this aft, pay and defray their own expences.

LXXXVI. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That where any diftrefs (hall be made for any fum or fums of money to be levied by virtue of this aft, the diftrefs it-felf (hall not be deemed unlawful, nor the party or parties making the fame be deemed a trefpafler or trefpaflers on account of any default or want of form in any proceedings relating thereto ; nor (hall the party or parties aiftraining be deemed a trefpafler or trefpaflers ab initio, on account of any irregularity which (hall be afterwards done by the party or parties diftnain-

ipgi

93

1765.I	Anno	fextoGEORGii III. c.24.

ing; but the perfon or perfons aggrieved by fuch irregularity may recover full fatisfa&ion for the fpecial damage in an action on the cafe.

LXXXVII. Provided always. That no plaintiff or plaintiffs Plaintiff not (hall recover in any adion for fuch irregularity, trefpafs, or10 recover if other proceedings, if tender of fufficient amends (hall be made JJJJeSfbath by or on the behalf of the party or parties who (hall have com- 5^ nude. mitted, or caufed to be committed, any fuch irregularity, trefpafs, or wrongful proceedings, before fuch adion brought; and in cafe no fuch tender (hall have been made, it (hall and may be lawful for the defendant or defendants in any fuch adion, by leave of the court where fuch a&ion (hall depend, at any time before ifliie joined, to pay into court fuch fum of money as he or they (hall fee fit j whereupon fuch proceedings, or orders, and judgements, (hall be had, made, and given, in and by fuch court, as in other adlions where the defendant is allowed to pay money into court.

LaXX VIII. And be it further cnaded by the authority afore- Writings to faid. That no nomination, con trad, bond, warrant, judge- be without ment, or other writing whatfoever, under the hand and feal, or ^taj3aPs* hands and feals, of, or only figned by, any commiflioner or commiffioners, or juftice or juftices of the peace, or exhibited ' before them, or under the hand and feal, or hands and feals, of, or only figned by, any other perfon or perfons whatfoever, relating {o the execution of this ad, (hall be chargeable with any (lamp duty whatfoever.

LXXXIX. And be it further enaded by the authority afore- Proceedings (aid. That all orders and proceedings of the faid commiflion- to be entered ers, at their meetings, (hall be entered in a book or books to m a book-be kept for that purpofe j and fuch orders and proceedings fo entered (hall be figned by the clerk or clerks at any meeting of five or more of the faid commiffioners, aflembled as the cafe (hall require, and fuch orders (hall be deemed and taken to be original orders; which faid book or books (hall and may be Books may be produced and read in evidence in all courts whatfoever.	Jjead in ***-

XC. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, p nc^-That no proceedings to be had touching the convidion of any n^o bi”88 offender or offenders againft this ad, or any order made, or quaihed for other matter or thing to be done or tranfaded, in or relating to want of form; the execution of this ad, (hall be vacated or quaihed for want n<* of form, or be removed by Certiorari, or any other writ or	r*

procefs whatfoever into any of his Majefty's courts of record at fVeftminJler; any law or ftatute to the contrary notwitliftanding.

XCI. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. Limitation c£ That no adion or fuit (hall be commenced againft any perfon adions, or perfons for any thing done in purfuance of this ad, until twenty one days notice (hall be thereof given in writing to the clerk or treafurer to the faid commiffioners/or after fafficient fatisfadion or tender thereof hath been made to the party or parties aggrieved, or after fix calendar months next after the &SL committed, for which luch adion or adions, fuit or fuits^

94

Anno fexto Georgii III. C. 25.

[*765-

(hall be fo brought•, and every fuch adtion (hall be brought, laid, and tried, in the county or place where fuch matters and things refpedtively (hall be committed or done, and not in any other county or place ; and the defendant or defendants in fucn General iflue. adtions and fuits, and every of them, may plead the general iflue, and give this a61, and the fpecial matter, in evidence at any trial or trials which (hall be had thereupon ; and that the matter or thing for which fuch adtion or adtions, fuit or fuits, (hall be fo brought, was done in purfuance and by the authority of this adt: and if the faid matter or thing (nalj appear to have been fo done, or if it (hall appear that fuch adtion or fuit was brought before twenty one days notice thereof given as a-forefaid, or that fufficient fatisfadhon was made or tendered as aforefaid; or if any fuch adtion or fuit (hall not be commenced within the time before for that purpofe limited, or (hall be laid in any other county or place than as aforefaid j then the jury or juries (hall find for the defendant or defendants therein: and if a verdidt or verdidts (hall be found for fuch defendant or defendants, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs, in fuch adtion or adtions, fuit or fuits, (hall become nonfuited, or fuffer a dif-continuance of fuch adtion or adtions; or if, upon any demurrer or demurrers in fuch adtion or adtions, judgement (hall be given for the defendant or defendants therein; then, and in either of the cafes aforefaid, fuch defendant or defendants (hall have Treble cods, treble cofts, and (hall have fuch remedy for recovering the fame, as any defendant or defendants may have for his, her, or their cofts, in any other cafes by law.

XCII. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That this adt (hall be taken and allowed in all courts of juftice as a publick adt; and all judges, juftices, and others, are hereby required ter take notice thereof as fuch, without the fame being fpecially pleaded.

CAP. XXV.

An aft for Utter regulating apprentices, and perfons work* ing under contrail.

WHEREAS perfons employed in fevered manufactories of this kingdom frequently take apprentices who an very youngs and9 for feveral years of their apprenticejhips9 are rather a burthen than ctherivife to their majters: and whereas it frequently happens that fuch apprentices, when they might he expected to be ufeful to their majirrs9 abfent themfehes from their fcrvice: and whereas the laws in being art not fufficient to prevent thefe inconveniences : for remedy whereof* may it pleafe your Majefty that it may be enadted; sind be it enadted by the King's moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of &e fame, Thtk from and after the twenty fourth day of fune9 one thoufand feven hundred and fixty fix, if any apprentice (hall abfpnt himfelf from his mafter’s (ervice before , the term of his apprenticeship (hall be expired, every fuch apprentice

Publick aft.

Preamble.

lices im-wered to lige ap. jnticc ab-iting before

1765.] Anno fexto Georgii III. c 25.	.95

prentice ihall, at any time or times thereafter, whenever he expiration of lhall be found, be compelled to ferve his faid mailer for fo long hwappren-a time as he (hall have fo abfented himfelf from fuch fervice, forteTo/fueh unlcfs he ihall make fatisfa&ion to his mailer for the lofs he term as he lhall have fuilained by his abfence from his fervice; and fo, fhail abfent, from time to time, as often as any fuch apprentice ihall, without leave of his mailer, abfent himfelf from his fervice before the term of his contract (hall be fulfilled : and in cafe any fuch or to make apprentice ihall refufe to ferve as hereby required, or to make fatisfa&ioni luch fatisfa&ion to his mailer, fuch mailer may complain, upon oath, to any juilice of the peace of the county or place where he ihall refide, which oath fuch juilice is hereby impowered to adminiiler, and to iiTue a warrant under his hand and feal for apprehending any fuch apprentice; and fuch juilice, upon hearing the complaint, may determine what fatisfadlion (hail be made to fuch mailer by fuch apprentice; and in cafe fuch apprentice lhall not give fecurity to make fuch fatisfaeftion according to fuch determination, it lhall and may be lawful for fuch juilice to commit every fuch apprentice to the houie of corredlion for any time not exceeding three months.

II. Provided always. That nothing in this adl contained ihall except as to extend to any apprentice, whofe mailer ihall have received with appJjjnt,ce| fuch apprentice the fum of ten pounds.	10	*

ill- Provided alio. That no apprentice ihall be compelled to ferve for any time or term, or to make any fetisfa&ion to any (half mailer, after the expiration of feven years next after the end of have elapfei the term for which fuch apprentice ihall have contracted to ferve; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwith-ilanding.

IV.	And whereas it frequently happens that artificers^ callicoe printers, handleraftfmen, miners, colliers, keelmen, pitmen, glajfmen, potters, labourers, and others, who contra ft with per fins for certain terms, do leave their refpeftive firvices before the terms of their eontrafts are fulfilled; to the great difappointment and lofs of theper-fins with whom they fo contra ft: for remedy whereof, be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That from and after Juftices Im-the faid twenty fourth day or June, one thoufand feven hun- powered to dred and fixty fix, if any artificer, callicoe printer, handicraftf-man, miner, collier, keelman, pitman, glaflman, potter, la- artifice™ and bourer, or other perfon, ihall contract with any perfon whom- others notfuU foever for any time or term whatfoever, and (nail abfent him- fiUiog their felf from his fervice before the term of his contract lhall be guilty compleated, or be guilty of any other mifdemeanor, that then, Qf any mifde-and in every fuch cafe, it ihall and may be lawful for any juilice meanor. of, the poace of the county or place where any fuch artificer, callicoe printer, handicraft (man, miner, collier, keelman, pitman, glaflman, potter, labourer, or other perfon, ihall be .found, and fuch juilice is hereby authorized and impowered, upon complaint thereof made upon oath to him by the perlon with whom fuch artificer, callicoe printer, handicraftfman, miner, jollier* keelman, pitman, glaflman* potter, labourer, or

ovhtt

§6

and upon con vi&ion to commit the offender.

Perfoni aggrieved by the order of a juftice (except in caln of commitment) may appeal j

giving notice to the juft ice, and entering into recognisance, 8k.

Juftices at the ouartcr fef-fiont impow-ered to determine the appeal,

and award cofts.

Limitation of this aft with refpeft to the ftannaries, and city of London.

I

Preamble reciting alls

Anno fexto Georgii III. c 26.	[1765.

other perfon, (hall have fo contfu&ed, or by his or her fteward or agent, which oath fuch juftice is hereby impowered to ad-minifter, to ifliie his warrant for the apprenending every fuch artificer, callicoe printer, handicraftfman, miner, collier, keel-man, pitman, glafTman, potter, labourer, or other perfon, and to examine into the nature of the complaint; and if it (hall appear to fuch juftice that any fuch artificer, callicoe printer, handicraftfman, miner, collier, keelman, pitman, glafTman, potter, labourer, or other perfon, (hall not have fulfilled fuch contrad, or hath been guilty of any mifdemeanor, it (hall and may be lawful for fuch juftice to commit every fuch perfon to the houfe of correction for the county or place where fuch juftices (hall refide, for any time not exceeding three months, nor lefs than one month.

V.	Provided always, That if any perfon flull think himfelf aggrieved by fuch determination, order, or warrant, of any juftice of the peace as aforefaid, except an order of commitment, every fuch perfon may appeal to the next general quarter feflions of the peace to be held for the county or place where fuch determination or order (hall be made; fuch perfon giving fix days notice of his intention of bringing fuch appeal, and of the caufe and matter thereof, to fuch juftice of the peace and the parties concerned, and entering into a recognizance within three days after fuch notice, before fome juftice of the peace for fuch county or place, with fufiicient furety, conditioned to try fuch appeal at, and abide the order or judgement of, and pay fuch cofts as (hall be awarded by, the luftices at fuch quarter feflions; which faid juftices, at their laid feflions, upon due proof of fuch notice being given, and of entering into fuch recognizance as aforefaid, mall and are hereby directed to proceed in, hear, and determine, the caufes and matters of all fuch appeals ; and (hall give fuch relief and cofts to the parties appealing or appealed againft, as they, in their diferetion, (hall judge proper and reafonable; and their judgements and orders therein (hall be final and conclufive to all parties concerned.

VI.	Provided alfo. That nothing in this a<5t contained (hall extend to the ftannaries in the counties of Devon and Cornwall, or to impeach or leflen the jurifdiltion of the chamberlain of the city of London, or of any other court within the faid city, touching apprentices.

CAP. XXVI.

An aft for the better paving, cleanfing, and enlightening^

the city of London, and the liberties thereof 5 and for preventing obftruftions and annoyances within the fame * and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

117* H E R E A S thefeveral ftreets, lanes9 /quarts, yards, VV court s9 alleys, pajffages, ana places, within the cityo/hon-don and liberties thereof an in general ill paved and cleanjed^ and not duly enlightened; and are alfo greatly objlrufted by pofis, and an-

9T

5«] Anno fexto Georgh III. c. 26.

f by figns, fpouts, and gutterI, projecting into and over the fame 5 eby, and by fundry other encroachments and annoyances, they are red incommodious, and, in fome parts, dangerous,	only to

1habitants, £*/ to all others pajfing through the fame, or refort-!ur#fo ; dwi whereas by an aft of parliament pajfed in the twenty I and twenty third years of the reign of the late King Charles 12 & 23 Car. s« econd, intituled. An adt for the better paving and cleanfing treets and fewers m and about the city of London, the foie r and authority of ordering, defigning, and regulating, the clean-and keeping clean, of all the Jlreets, lanes, and pajfages, with* t feud city and liberties, and the pitching and paving, with the and manner thereof, were vejled in the mayor, commonalty, and ns, of the faid city, to be managedexecuted, and done, by fuch ns as the mayor, aldermen, and commons, of the faid city, in	1*	.

on council ajfembled, jhould thereunto authorize and appoint, or ► [even or more of them (being all members of the faid court) and S fort and manner, as from time to time Jhotdd by them be found convenient for the public benefit of the inhabitants: and whereas fiber aft pjjfed in the fecond year of the reign of their late Ma-King William and £heen Mary, certain powers were given, » W. k M. rovifions made, touching the paving and cleanfing the faidJlreets, he preventing of nuifances or obfiruftions within the fame: and tas by another aft pajfed in the tenth year of the reign of bis I0 Geo. a. tajefiy King George the Second, further powers were given mg the paving ana cleanfing the faid Jlreets, and for erefting Within the fame: and woereas by another aft pajfed in the thirty 33 Qeo. a. '• year of the reign of bis faid late majejly King George the St-certain powers were given to the jujlices of the faid city, touch-be repairing and relaying fuch pavements in the Jaid city as Jhould	>

maged by the breaking up of the fame, to amend or relay any wa-;pes: and whereas the good intention of the faid lajl mentioned we been wholly frujlrated, by the ill repairing the frequent hes made in the faid pavements by the feveral water companies :	\

vhereas, notwithflanding the direftions of the faid afts, thein-ints of the faid city and liberties have, for many years lajl paft, upon themfelves the paving and repairing the pavements of the beets, lanes, fquares, yards, courts, alleys, pajjages, and places, ifon whereof the fame have been, and are, paved in a very irre-and improper manner: and whereas the pavements of the faid nd liberties cannot be improved, and kept in good and decent or-and free from nuifances and objlruftions, unlefs fome further (ions be made by authority of parliament for that purpofe: and tas by another aft of parliament pajfed in the feventeenth year of t n ^ ign of his late majejly King George the Second, intituled. An an ,7eco,1< or making efife&ual provifion for enlightening the ftreets of	*

ity of London, certain rates are dire ft ed to be ajfejfed and le-in manner therein mentioned, for defraying the yearly charges of ng, lighting, fupplying, and maintaining, fuch a convenient and ent number of glafs lamps, within the faid city and liberties, as ayor, aldermen, and commons, of the faid city, in common coun•

Timkled, Jhould think proper: and whereas Jcveral of the powers,

M.. XXVII.	H	grantii

*8	Anno	fexto Georgii III. c.26.	[1765.

granted by the faid lajl rented alt, have been found defective: and whereas the paving, cleanfmg, and enlightening, the faid city and liberties, might be executed with more advantage to the public, if the feveral powers and authorities relative thereto, were commit tea to tie fame, injlead of different perfons: may it pleafe your Majefty, that it may be enafted ; and be it enafted by the King’s mot excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefentparliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from Power of pav- and after the pafting of this aft, the foie power and authority ine. See. veft- of pitching, paving, cleaning, and enlightening, the ftreets, ecTin mayor lanCs, fquares, yards, courts, alleys, paftages, and places, with-alty of LorT-0' *n ^1C ^ c*ly London, and liberties thereof, (nail be, and don.	the fame is hereby, vefted in the mayor, and commonalty and

citizens, of the faid city, to be executed by fuch perfons as the mayor, aldermen, and commons, of the faid city, in com* mon council aflembled, (hall, from time to time, by virtue and in purfuance of the faid aft of the twenty fecond and twenty third years of the reign of King Charles the Second, authorize and appoint to be commiflioners of the fewers for the faid city, and liberties, or by any feven or more of them ; which faid perfons fo to be, from time to time, authorized and appointed commiftioners of the fewers for the faid city and liberties, (hall be, and they are hereby, conftituted commiftioners for carrying this aft into execution.

Recorder and II. Provided always, and it is hereby further enafted. That common fer- the recorder and common ferjeant ot the faid city of London, jeant fliall be for the time being, (hall be, and they are hereby conftituted oommimon-	two 0f tjie commiftioners for carryingthis aft in-

to execution.

commiffion-	Provided	always,	and	it	is	hereby	further	enafted and

ert to be a" declared, That all the powers and authorities by this aft grant-quorum. ed to, or vefted in, the faid commiftioners hereby conftituted as aforefaid, (hall and may, from time to time, be exercifed by the major pan of fuch of them as (hall attend at any public meeting, of the faid commiflioners, to be holden as herein after mentioned; the number of the fai^ commiflioners prefent at fuch public meeting not being lefs than feven ; and all afts, orders, and proceedings, of the major part of the faid commif-fioners prefent at fuch public meeting, (hall have the fame force and eflfeft as if done or made by all the commiflioners comxi-tuted by this aft.

Com million-	IV. And it is hereby further declared and enafted. That the

^ to roeeton firft public meeting of the faid commiflioners, (hall be at fuch

Iuik i664 t*me anc* P^ace as ma>’or	city	fhall think proper

J * 7 * to order and appoint: and the faid mayor is hereby direfted to order and appoint fuch firft public meeting to be held on or before the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty fix, and to caufe the faid commiflioners to be fum-moned to attend the fame.

V.	And it is hereby further enafted and declared. That it 6	fl^l

*7^5-1 AftflO lCXtu UEORGII in. c. 26.

fhall and may be lawful to and for the major part of the laid commiffioners prefent at fuch firft public meeting, or at any fub-fequent public meeting, of the faid commiffioners (the number fo attending not being lefs than three) to adjourn fuch public meeting to any future day and time, and to any place within the (aid city and liberties.

VI.	Provided always. That every commiffioner (hall have notice to attend at fuch adjourned public meeting, by the ufual fimunons from the clerk to the faid commiffioners.

VII.	Provided alfo, and it is hereby further enafted and declared, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the mayor of the laid city for the time being, from time to time, to appoint a public meeting of the faid commiffioners, at any time and pbce he (hall judge proper, for the execution of this aft, not-withftanding any adjournment or non-adjournment of the faid commiffioners; ana (hall caufe the faid commiffioners to be fummoned to attend the fame.

VIII.	And it is hereby further enafted, That the faid com-ntiffioners (hall and may, from time to time, at any of their faid public meetings, eleft and appoint one or more clerk or clerks, and one or more furveyor or furveyors, and alfo fuch and fo many other officers as they (hall find neceflary for the due execution of this aft (fourteen days notice, of their intention to proceed to fuch eleftion or appointment, having been firft printed and publifhed in two or more of the daily news papers, and notice thereof being alfo exprefled in the fummons for fuch public meeting) and the faid commiffioners (hall take fuch fecurity as they (hall think proper, for the due execution of fuch re-fpeftive offices ; and (hall and may, from time to time, remove any of the faid officers at their will and pleafure, and appoiiit others in the room of fuch as (hall die, or be removed as afore-faid : and the faid eommiffioners (hall and may, out of the monies arifing or to arife by virtue of this aft, appoint and pay fuch (alaries, gratuities, and allowances, as they (hall judge reafonable, to fuch officers, and to all fuch other perfons as (hall have been, or (hall be, employed in, or aiding and affifting about, the execution of this aft.

IX.	And it is hereby further enafted. That if any clerk, furveyor, or other officer, or fervant, who fhall be employed by the faid commiffioners in the execution of this aft, or any part thereof, (hall exaft, demand, take, or accept, any fee, gratuity, or reward whatfoever (other than fuch falaries, allowances, and rewards, as (hall be appointed, allowed, and approved of, by the faid commiffioners) for or on account of any thing done, or to be done, by virtue of this aft; or for forbearing to do any thing hereby, or by the faid commiffioners, direfted to be done, or on any account whatfoever, relative to the execution or nonexecution of this aft; or (hall any way be concerned in interefr, in any bargain made or to be made by the faid commiffioners, for any of the purpofes intended by this aft ; every perfon (b offending* (hall from thenceforth for ever be incapable of being

H 2	em-

99

Power to ad-journ,

on notice.

Mayor may appoint fpe-meetinga.

CommijEon-ers to appoint clerks, «£.

Penalty on exa&ions of clerks, &c. .

Proceedings to be entered in books.

Non-freemen may be employed* i

Notice to be given of contracts.

Anno fexto Georgii III. c.a6.	[1765.

employed under this a dt; and (hall, over and above, forfeit and pay the fum of fifty pounds, to any perfon or perfons who (hall fue for the fame j to be recovered in any of his Majcfty's courts of record at IViJbmnfter, or within the laid city, bv adtion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, to be commenced within fix calendar months next after the offence committed; in which adtion or (bit, no protection, effoin, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed.	•

X.	And it is hereby further enadted, That all the adU, orders, and proceedings, of the faid commiflioners, at their (aid public meetings, from time to time, (hall be entered in a book or books to be kept for that purpofe by the faid commiffioners, and fhall be figned by their clerk fcr the time being *, and fuch entries (hall be deemed and taken to be the original orders and proceedings of the faid commiffioners, and fuch book or books (hall and may be produced and read in evidence in all courts whatfoever.

XI.	And it is hereby further enadted, That the faid com-miffioners may, and they are hereby authorized and impower-ed, from time to time, to employ under them any fit perfon or perfons, whether free of the (aid city or not, in or about the paving, repairing, keeping in repair, and cleanfing, all or any of the faid fireets, lanes, fquares, yards, courts, alleys, paffages, and

(jlaces, within the faid city and libertiesj and in and about theen-ightening of the fame; and in and about the feveral works hereby diredted to be performed; and to contradt for the performance of the faid works, or any of them, with any perfon or perfons whatfoever, in fuch manner as the faid commiffioners (hall think fit: and that no perfon or perfons who (hall be fo employed or contracted with, nor any perfon or perfons to be fet to work by and under them, or any of them, (hall, for any adt done, or to be done, in or about any of the works aforefiud, be fubjedt or liable to any adtion, indictment, or information, upon the fta-tute made in the fifth year of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An aft containing divers orders for artificers, labourers, fervants of hufban-dry, and apprentices; or be liable to be fued for any breach of the cuftom or London, or for any penalties inflidted by any bye-law of the faid city.

XII.	Provided always, That, previous to the making of any fuch contradt, notice (hall be given in fome of the daily news papers, that the faid commiffioners do intend to make fuch contradt, and that all perfons willing to engage therein may m ike propofals to the faid commiffioners, at a certain time and place in every fuch notice to be fpecified 5 and all contracts made, or to be made, in confequence of fuch notice, (hall fpecify the feveral works to be done, and the price or prices to be paid for the fame, and the time or times when the faid works are to be compleated, together with the penalties to be incurred in cafe of the non-performance thereof; and the fame (lull be figned by the clerk, for the time being, of the faid commiflioners, as aifo by the perfon or perfons contracting to perform fuch works

rcfpcdtivcly,

1765. J Anno(cxtoGEORGii III. c.26.	ioi

refpeftively, and (hall be entered in a book or books to be kept for that purpofe by the faid commiflioners.

XIII.	Provided alfo, and it is hereby further enafted, That No common no perfon, being a member of the court of common council of council man the (aid city (hall be direftly or indireftly interefted or concern-

ed in any contract, which lhall be made or entered into by, of contra#.	*

on behalf of, the faid commiflioners, for or concerning any of the

£iid works to be carried on or performed in pupfuance of this

aft, or for or concerning any materials to be ufed or employed

therein, upon pain that every fuch contraft (hall be null and

void; and that the perfon, who being a member of the faid

court, and (hall be fo interefted or concerned therein, (hall, for

every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of one hundred

pounds, to any perfon or perfons who (hall fue for the fame;

to be recovered in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at JPejl-

minfier% by aftion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, to be

commenced within fix calendar months next after the offence

committed ; in which aftion or fuit refpeftively no proteftion,

efloin, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (hall be

aDowed; and every perfon, againft whom the faid penalty (hall

be recovered, (hall, for ever thereafter, be difabled from being

elefted a member of the faid court of common council.

XIV.	And it is hereby further enafted, That the faid com- General pow-miflioners may caufe all or any of the faid ftreets, lanes, fquares, crs* yards, courts, alleys, paffages, and places, to be new paved or

repaired when, and as often, and in fuch manner, and with fuch materials, as the faid commiflioners (hall think fit; and for fuch purpofes may, from time to time, caufe to be dug, carted, and carried, out of, or brought into, the fame, or any of them, fuch gravel, (tones, and other materials, as they (hall judge ne-ccflary$ and may likewife caufe the ground thereof to be raifed or lowered, the courfe of the channels, running in or through the fame, to be turned or altered, and the water pipes, which now lie, or hereafter (hall be laid, under ground, to be taken up, and new laid in fuch places, manner, and form, as they the faid commiflioners (hall judge beft; and may caufe fuch pofts, as they (hall think ufelefs or inconvenient ; to be taken up and removed; and likewife all fteps, bulks, (hew glades, and (hew boards, encroaching upon the footways; as alfo all' fteps and doors, opening or leading from the footways into vaults or cellars, to be removed or altered.

XV.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, wh*t ftreets That the faid commiflioners (hall, and they are hereby required, (hall be firft-in the firft place, to pave and enlighten the great ftreets from paved-Temple Bar to Whitechapel Bars; fuch ftreets to be paved with

the ftone known by the name of whyn quarry fane, or with rock (tone, or with ftone of a flat furface.

XVI.	And it is hereby further enafted. That the bar acrofs a paflage for

the carriage way on the north fide of the cathedral church of carriages to Saint Pauly in the faid city of Londoriy and now belonging to	on the

the dean and chapter of the faid cathedral church, (hall be kept	fide °*

100

Proceedings to be entered in books.

Non-freemen may be employed. (

Notice to be given of con-crafts.

Anno fexto Georgii III. c.26.	[1765.

employed under this aft; and (hall, over and above, forfeit and pay the fum of fifty pounds, to any perlon or perfons who (hall fue for the fame; to be recovered in any of his Majefy’s courts of record at fVeJlmnfier, or within the laid city, by aftioa of debt, bill, plaint, or information, to be commenced within fix calendar months next after the offence committed; in which aftion or fuit, no protection, effoin, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed.	,

X.	And it is hereby further enafted, That all the afts, orders, and proceedings, of the faid commiffioners, at their bid public meetings, from time to time, (hall be entered in a book or books to be kept for that purpofe by the faid commiffioners, and (hall be figned by their clerk for the time being; and fuch entries (hall be deemed and taken to be the original orders and proceedings of the faid commiffioners, and fuch book or books (hall and may be produced and read in evidence in all courts whatfoever.

XI.	And it is hereby further enafted. That the (aid com* miflioners may, and they are hereby authorized and impower-ed, from time to time, to employ under them any fit perfonor perfons, whether free of the (aid city or not, in or about the paving, repairing, keeping in repair, and cleanfing, all or any of the faid fireets, lanes, fquares, yards, courts, alleys, paflages, and

1>laces, within the faid city and liberties* and in and about the en-ightening of the fame; and in and about the feveral works hereby direfted to be performed; and tocontraft for the performance of the faid works, or any of them, with any perfon or perfons whatfoever, in fuch manner as the faid commiffioners (hall think fit: and that no perfon or perfons who (hall be fo employed or contracted with, nor any perfon or perfons to be fet to work by and under them, or any of them, (hall, for any aft done, or to be done, in or about any of the works aforefiud, be fubjeft or liable to any aftion, indictment, or information, upon the (ta-tute made in the fifth year of Queen Elizabeth, intituled. An aQ containing divers orders for artificers, labourers, fervantsof bujban-dry, and apprentices \ or be liable to be fued for any breach of the cuftom of London, or for any penalties inflicted by any bye-law of the faid city.

XII.	Provided always. That, previous to the making of any fuch contraft, notice (hall be given in feme of the daily news papers, that the faid commiffioners do intend to make fuch contract, and that all perfons willing to engage therein may make propofals to the faid commiffioners, at a certain time and place in every fuch notice to be fpecified ; and all contracts made, or to be made, in confequence of fuch notice, (hall fpecify the feveral works to be done, and the price or prices to be paid for the fame, and the time or times when the faid works are to be compleated, together with the penalties to be incurred in cafe of the non-performance thereof* and the fame (hall be (igned by the clerk, for the time being, of the faid commiffioners, as alfo by the perfon or perfons contracting to perform fuch works

rcfpcftivdy,

1765.] Anno fexto Georgii III. c. 26.	iox

refpeftively, and (hall be entered in a book or books to be kept for that purpofe by the faid commiflioners.

XIII.	Provided alfo, and it is hereby further enadted. That No common no perfon, being a member of the court of common council of council man the faid city (hall be diredtly or indire#ly interefted or concern-

ed in any contra#, which (hall be made or entered into by, or on behalf of, the faid commiflioners, for or concerning any of the faid works to be carried on or performed in pursuance of this a#, or for or concerning any materials to be ufed or employed therein, upon pain that every fuch contra# (hall be null and void; and that the perfon, who being a member of the laid court, and (hall be fo interefted or concerned therein, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of one hundred pounds, to any perfon or perfons who (hall fue for the fame; to be recovered in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Weft-minfler, by a#ion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, to be commenced within fix calendar months next after the offence committed ; in which a#ion or fuit refpe#ively no prote#ion, efloin, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (hall be aDowed5 and every perfon, againft whom the faid penalty (hall be recovered, (hall, for ever thereafter, be difabled from being ele#ed a member of the faid court of common council.

XIV.	And it is hereby further ena#ed, That the faid com- General pow-miflioners may caufe all or any of the faid ftreets, lanes, fquares, crs* yards, courts, alleys, paflages, and places, to be new paved or

repaired when, and as often, and in fuch manner, and with fuch materials, as the faid commiflioners (hall think fit; and for fuch purpofes may, from time to time, caufe to be dug, carted, and carried, out of, or brought into, the fame, or any of them, fuch gravel, (tones, and other materials, as they (hall judge ne-ceflary $ and may likewife caufe the ground thereof to be raifed or lowered, the courfe of the channels, running in or through the fame, to be turned or altered, and the water pipes, which now lie, or hereafter (hall be laid, under ground, to be taken up, and new laid in fuch places, manner, and form, as they the (aid commiflioners (hall judge bed; and may caufe fuch pofts, as they (hall think ufelefs or inconvenient ; to be taken up and removed; and likewife all fteps, bulks, (hew glafles, and (hew boards, encroaching upon the footways; as alfo all' fteps and doors, opening or leading from the footways into vaults or cellars, to be removed or altered.

XV.	And be it further ena#ed by the authority aforefaid, what ftreets That the faid commiflioners (hall, and they are hereby required, (hall be firft-in the firft place, to pave and enlighten the great ftreets from PavC(h Temple Bar to Whitechapel Bars; fuch ftreets to be paved with

the done known by the name of whyn quarry Jlone, or with rock ftone, or with ftone of a flat furface.

XVI.	And it is hereby further ena#ed. That the bar acrofs a paflage for the carriage way on the north fide of the cathedral church of carriages to Saint Paul, in the faid city of London, and now belonging tobeopenonths tfo 4cm and chapter of the (aid cathedral church, (hall be kept fide of

H	3k

io*	Anno	fexto	Georgii III. C. 26.	[1765.

foath fide U open for the free paflage of all horfes, coaches, carts, and other repairing. carriages whatfoever, during all fuch time as the new pavement ihall be carrying on and making on the fouth and eau (ides of the fame church in purfuance of this aCt; and that, when and as foon as fuch new pavement (hall be compleated and made paffable, it (hall be lawful for the faid dean and chapter, and their fucceffors, to (hut the faid bar, and at all times then after to keep the fame (hut, and the'faid carriage way ftopt, in like manner as the fame now is and ufually hath been kept (hut and ftopped 3 any thing in this aCt contained to the contrary in any Wife notwithdanding.

Power for re- XVII. And it is hereby further enabled. That the faid coin* ting igns, miflioners (hall and may caufe all figns, or other emblems, ufcd to denote the trade, occupation, or calling of any peribm or perfonsj fign pods, fign irons, penthoufes, mew boards, fpouts, and gutters, projecting into any of the faid ftreets, lanes, fquares, yards, courts, alleys, paflages, or places, and all other encroachments, projections, and annoyances whatfoever, within the* faid city or liberties, to be taken down and removed 3 and (hall caufe all figns, or other emblems, as aforefaid, (hew boards, and gutters, or fuch parts thereof as they (hall think fit, to be affixed or placed on the fronts of the houfes, (hops, warehoufes* or buildings, whereunto they refpeCtively belong, or were before affixed, and not otherwife; and (hall return, or caufe to be returned, to the refpeCtive owners, fo much of fuch figns, or other emblems, fign pods, or other pods, fign irons, (hew boards, fpouts, and gutters, as (hall not be affixed or put up, or other-wife made ufe of in the alterations directed by this aCt 5 and that for the future all figns, fign boards, and gutters, (hall be placed or fixed on the fronts of the houfes, (hops, warehoufes, or buildings, to which they refpeCtively belong, and not other-wife: and if any perfon or perfons (hall, at any time hereafter, hang, place, ereCt, or build, any fign, fign pod, or other pod, fign iron, penthoufe, (hew board, fpout, gutter, or other projection, obdruCtion, or annoyance, or caufe the fame to be done contrary to the directions aforefaid, every perfon fo offending (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of five pounds, and the further fum of twenty (hillings for every day fuch offence (hall continue.

Cranes (hall XVIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enaCted, be kept dole That it (hall and may be lawful to and for any perfon or per-

warthoufei f°ns> to ^ceP any cranc or c,ancs already fixed up againd any warehoufe or warehoufes, within the faid city or liberties thereof, or to affix any crane or cranes to fuch warehoufe or warehoufes/ and to make ufe of fuch crane or cranes, fo as fuch crane or cranes be turned and kept clofc to. the walls of fuch warehoufe or warehoufes, when not in aCtual ufe 3 any thing in this aCt, or any former law, cudom, or datute, to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithdanding.

XIX.	And, for the more fpeedy removal of fundry nuifances and obdruCijons in the dud city and liberties, it is hereby fiytbejr .	enaCted,

1765.] Anno fextso Georgii III. c#25.	103

enacted, That if after the faid twenty fourth day of one thoufand feven hundred and fixty fix, any common (rage wag- 3bc l2ee2 m gon, (hall, for the purpofe of loading or unloading the fame, ^ve one or any part thereof, be fuiFered to (land or continue in any of hour, the faid fireets, lanes, fquares, yards, courts, alleys, pafiages or places, above the fpace of one hour at any one time 5 or if any cart, waggon, dray, or other carriage, (hall be placed and fu£-fered to Sand athwart or acrofs any fuch (Ireet, lane, fquare, yard, court, alley, paflage, or place, for the loading or unloading thereof, or for any other purpofe whatfoever; or if any fuch cart, waggon, dray, or other carriage, (hall be differed to (land, or continue in any part of any fuch (Ireets, lanes, fquares, yards, courts, alleys, pafiages, or places, longer than is neceflary for the loading or unloading thereof; or it any goods, materials, or things whatfoever, lhall be laid or placed, and left in any fuch ftreet, lane, fquare, yard, court, alley, paflage, or place, fo as to obltruft the free paflage thereof; then, and in every fuch cafe, any one of the commiflioners, or any one of their officers, to be by them appointed to remove nuilances, lhall and may feize, or caufe to be feized, the llage waggon, cart, waggon, dray, or other carriage, fo placed, or differed to (land or continue, contrary to the true meaning of this adl, together with the horfe or horfes thereunto belonging, or the goods, materials, or things, fo laid or placed, and left as aforefaid ; and remove the fame, pr caufe the fame to be removed, to the common pound of the faid city, commonly called The Greenyard, there to be kept and detained, until the owner or owners thereof, or his, her, or their known fervant or fervants, lhall and do claim the fame, and pay to the perfon or perfons in whofe cu-llody the fame lhall then be, the fum of twenty Ihillings, together with the charges of removing and keeping the fame : and in cafe the fame lhall not be claimed, and the faid fum of twenty Ihillings and charges paid, within the fpace of three days next after fuch feizure, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid commiflioners, to caufe the fame to be appraifed and fold, and the monies arifing therefrom (hall be applied to the purpofes of this a£l.

XX.	And it is hereby further enadled, That if any perfon ciaufe to pre-or perfons whatfoever, (hall eredtor build, or caufe to be eredled vent unnecef-or built, any pods, bars, rails, boards, or other thing, by way ^ary we&ions, of enclofure for the purpofe of making mortar, or depofiting bricks, lime, or other materials for building or repairing any boufes, buildings, or other works, within the faid city or liberties, in any other manner, or (hall differ the fame to remain for any longer time, than (hall be neceflary for fuch building or repairs, and complaint thereof lhall be made to the faid commiflioners, by any two houlholders of the faid city or liberties, and the faid commiflioners (hall upon view, or other due proof of the matter of the faid complaint, find the fame to be true ; then, and in every fuch cafe, it (hall and may be lawful to and Jgrthp fifid commiflioners to caufe fuch enclolure or eredtion to

:io*

and (taking lime in tne ftreett.

Lime may be flaked on vacant fites.

Penalty on driving bar-row), dec. on the foot pave ment.

Nimet of flreeti to be fnt «p, and

Anno fexto Georgii III. c. 26.	[1765/

be pulled down and removed, and the materials thereof to be depofited in the greenyard aforeiaid; there to be kept and detained until the owner or owners thereof, or his, her, or their known fervant or fervants, (hall and do pay, to the perfon or perfons in whofe cuftody the fame (hall be, the charges of pulling down and removing the fame; and in cafe the fame (hall not be claim* ed, and the faid charges pajd within the fpace of eight days next after fuch feizure thereof, it (hall and may be lawful te nnd for the faid commiffioners, to order the lame to be ap-praifed and fold, and the money arifing therefrom (hall be ap-plied to the purpofes of this a6t.

XXI.	And it is hereby further enaded. That no perfon or perfons whatfoever (hall (lake lime in the foot way or carriage way of any of the faid ftreets, lanes, fquares, yards, courts, alleys, paffages, or places, or in any houfe or houfes within the lame; upon pain that every perfon fo offending, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of forty (hillings.

XXII.	Provided always. That where any houfe or houfes (hall be totally pulled down in order to be rebuilt, it (hall be lawful to (lake the lime and make the mortar neceflary for fuch rebuilding, within the premiffes fo to be rebuilt.

XXIII.	And be it further enadled. That if any perfon or perfons (hall, for the future, carry, run, drive, draw, or caufc to be carried, run, driven, or drawn, on any of the foot pave-

" ments, within the faid city or liberties, any bier, or any wheel or wheels, (ledge, wheelbarrow, or other carriage whatfoever, or (hall wilfully ride, lead, or drive, any horfe, coach, or other carriage whatfoever, upon any part of the faid foot pavements; then, and in any of the faid cafes, and fo often as they or any of them (hall happen, it (hall and mav be lawful to and for any perfon or perfons whatfoever, who (nail fee any fuch offence committed, to feize, and alfo for any other perfon or perfons to aflift in feizing, fuch offender or offenders, and by the authority of this a£t, and without any other warrant, to convey or deliver him, her, or them into the cuftody of a peace officer, in order to be fecured and conveyed before fome juftice of the peace of the faid city; and the party or parties accufed being brought before him, fuch juftice (hall proceed to examine, upon oath, any witnefs or witneffes, who (hall appear or be produced to give information touching fuch offence (which oath the faid juftice is hereby authorized and required to adminifter) and if the party or parties accufed (hall be convicfted of any fuch offence, either by his, her, or their own confeffion, or upon fuch information as aforefaid, he, (he, or they, fo convi&ed, (hall forfeit and pay the fum of ten (hillings for the firft time of offending ; the fum of twenty (hillings for the fecond time of offending; and the fum of forty (hillings for the third, ancj every other time of offending.

XXIV.	And it is hereby further enaefred, That the faid commiflioners (hall and may caufeto be painted, engraved, or de-feribed, irtftene, or otherwife, and to be affixed in a

part

1765.*] Anno fexto GeoRGH III. c. 26.	105

part of one or more houfe or houfes, building or buildings,	num-

or near each end, corner, or entrance, of each of the faid ftreets,bcre^*

lanes, fquares, yards, courts, alleys, paflages, or places, the

name by which each refpedtive ftreCt, lane, fquare, yard, court,

aDcy, paflage, or place, is properly or ufually called or known;

ana may alfo caufe every houfe, (nop, or warehoufe, in each of

the faid ftreets, lanes, fquares, yards, courts, alleys, paflages,

and places, to be marked or numbered, in fuch manner as they

lhall judge mod proper for diftinguifhing the fame: and if any

perfon or perfons lhall wilfully and malicioufly deftroy, pull

down, obliterate, or deface, any luch names, defenptions, marks,

or numbers, or any part thereof, or caufe or procure the fame

to be done; every perfon fo offending, (hall, for every fuch

offence, forfeit and pay the fum of forty (hillings.

XXV.	And it is hereby further enadted, That no perfon or Form of the perfons (hall, without authority from the faid commiffioners, pavement not alter, or caufe to be altered, the form of the pavement of the to be altered, laid ftreets, lanes, fquares, yards, courts, alleys, paflages, and places, which (hall be new paved or repaired by the faid com-miflioners, or in any way incroach thereon; upon pain that every perfon fo offending (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of five pounds, over ana above the expence of relaying and reinftating the fame, according to the directions of the laid commiffioners; the (aid forfeitures and expences to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record, in the name of the faid mayor, and commonalty, and citizens, of the faid city of London, to be commenced ’within fix calendar months next after the com-miflion of fuch offence; in which adtion or fuit, no protection, efioin, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed.

^ XXVI. And it is hereby further enacted, That after the ex- Pavements to piration of twelve calendar months next after the palling of this be repaired on a<t, if any two houfekeepers within the faid city and liberties complaint, (hall make complaint in writing, under their hands, to the faid commiffioners, of any defect or want of repair in any of the pavements of any of the faid ftreets, lanes, fquares, yards, courts, alleys, paflages, or places, either before or after the fame (hall have been new paved or repaired by virtue of this adt; then, and in every fuch cafe, the faid commiffioners (hall forthwith caufe the pavement fo complained of to be infpedted by their furveyor; and if the fame (hall, by him, be found de-fedtive, and fo reported to be, to the (aid commiffioners, upon oath (which oath the faid commiffioners are hereby impowered to adminifter, unlefs fuch defect (hall appear to arife from a de-fed in feme water pipes lying under fuch pavement) they the faid commiffioners (hall forthwith give orders to their contradtar or contradtors, paviour or paviours, to repair the fame: and if the contractor or paviour of the faid commiffioners, to fthom luch order (hall be given, (hall not, within four days next after Jftereccipttbcreof, •repair the laid defective pavement} then,

arv&

io 6

Method pre-fcribed for taking up pavements when the water pipes are broken.

Anno fexto Georgii III. c.z6.	[1765.

and in every fuch cafe, the faid contraAor or paviour (hall forfeit and pay the fum of twenty (hillings for every day that the foid defective pavement (hall remain unrepaired after the expiration of the (aid four days.

XXVII.	And it is hereby further enabled. That when and fo often as any pipe or pipes* belonging to any of the water companies, who fumifh any part of the faid city and liberties with water, and which now lie, or (hall hereafter be laid, under ground, in any of the faid ftreets, lanes, (quares, yards, courts, alleys, paflages, or places, (hall happen to break, burfl^ or decay, fo as to require reparation, the furveyor of the faid commimoners for the time being, or fuch other perfon or persons as the faid commifiioners (hall appoint for that purpo&t (hall forthwith give, or caufe to be given, notice thereof in writing, to the paviour of the water company to whom he apprehends the faid pipe or pipes to belong, who is hereby required to take up the faid pavement, and open the ground at or near the place where fuch reparation (hall appear to be wanting: and if the faid paviour (hall, upon taking up fuch pavement, and opening fuch ground, difeover that the pipe or pipes to broken, burft, or decayed, does not, or do not, belong to the water company whofe paviour he is; then, and in every fuch cafe, he (hall forthwith give, or caufe to be given, notice thereof in writing, to the paviour of the company to whom the faid pipe or pipes (hall appear to belong; in which cafe, fuch laft mentioned paviour is hereby required, upon demand, to make fatisfadion for the taking up fuch pavement, and opening fuch ground, to the paviour giving notice as aforefaid ; and the paviour of fuch water company to whom the faid pipe or pipes (hall belong, is hereby required to caufe or procure the (aid pipe or pipes to be repaired, and afterwards to fill up the faid ground within four days next after fuch notice to him given; and as foon as fuch pipe (hall have been fo repaired, and the ground fo filled up, he (hall give, or caufe to be given, notice thereof in writing, to the paviour or contractor for the time being of the faid commifiioners: and if the paviour of any of the faid water companies, to or for whom fuch notice (hall he given or left at his laft place of abode, (hall, by the fpace of four days next after the giving or leaving fuch notice as aforefaid, refufe or neglect to take up fuch pavement, and open fuch ground; or if, upon difeovering that the pipe or pipes fo broken, burft, or decayed, doth not, or do not, belong to the company whofe paviour he is, he (hall refufe or negleCt to give immediate notice thereof in writing to the paviour of the company to whom the faid pipe or pipes doth or do belong; or if the paviour of the water company to whom fuch pipe or pipes (hall belong, (hall, by the fpace of four days next after fuch notice given to him, or left at his laft place of abode, refu(e or negleft to caufe or procure fuch pipe or pipes to be amended and repaired, or afterwards to fill up the ground fo taken up, or to give fuch immediate notice of his having fo done, to the p*r

?iour

1765.] Anno fexto Georgii III. c. 26.	107

viour or contractor of the faid commiffioners for the time being; then, and in every fuch cafe, the perfon or perfon* fo refpec-tively refuting or neglecting (hall, for every fuch offence, (eve-rally forfeit and pay the (urn of five pounds: and i& any pipe or pipes, not belonging to any of the water companies, (hall happen to break, burft, or decay, as aforefaid, in any of the (aid ftreets, lanes, fquares, yards, courts, alleys, pafiages, or places; then, and in every (uch cafe, the refpeCtive owner or owners thereof (hall forthwith caufe the ground over the fame to be opened, and fuch pipe or pipes to be repaired, and notice thereof in writing to be given to the clerk, for the time being, of the faid commifiioners; or, in cafe of refufal or negleCt to to do, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of forty (hillings: and if any pavement (hall be broken or taken up, for the purpofe of making, repairing, or altering, any vault, or drain, or for any other purpofe whatfoever; then,and in every fuch cafe, the perfon or perfons fo breaking or taking up the faid pavement, or caufing the fame to be fo broken or t&en up, (hall, as foon as the nature of the work will permit, caufe the ground to be filled up, and notice thereof in writing to be given to the clerk, for the time being, of the (aid com-miffioners; or in cafe of refufal or negleCt To to do, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of forty (hillings: and the (aid clerk of the faid commifiioners (hall forthwith, up-on every fuch notice, as aforefaid, given to him, or left at his lad place of abode, tranfmit fuch notice, or caufe the fame to be tranfmitted to the paviour or contra&or of the faid commifiioners for the time being; and if the faid clerk (hall rtfufe or negledt, by the fpace of two days next after any fuch notice as aforefaid given to him, or left at his lad place of abode, to tranfmit fuch notice, or to caufe fuch notice to be tranfmitted to the faid paviour or contractor for the time being of the faid commiffioners ; or if fuch paviour or contractor, to whom any fuch notice as aforefaid, (hall be fo tranfmitted, (hall by the fpace of two days next after the tranfmitting of fuch notice to him as aforefaid, refufe or negleCt to relay and repair the pavement fo broken up ; then, and in every fuch cafe, the per-ibn fo refufing or neglecting, (hall forfeit and pay the fum of twenty (hillings, for every day fuch pavement mall continue unrelayed or unrepaired, after the expiration of the faid two days.

XXVIII v And it is hereby further enaCted, That the feveral pariours of and refpeCtive paviours now employed, or hereafter to be cm- the water ployed, by the faid water companies refpeCtively, within the companies to find city or liberties thereof, (hall, within the (pace of thirty days next after the palling of this aCt, or within three days next &c, after they (hall be refpeCtively appointed paviours to fuch company or companies, give notice in writing to the clerk for the time being of the laid commifiioners, of their refpeCtive names and places of abode, and of the name of the refpeCtive company. whofe paviours they are, and of the refpcctire.diftriCt ta

ioS	Anno	fexto	Georgii	III.	c.26.	[1765*

which they arc appointed : and in like manner, the clerk far the time being of the faid commiflioners (hall, within the re-fpedtive times aforefaid, give notice to the refpedtive pavioim of the faid feveral water companies, of the names and places of abode of the paviour or paviours, contractor or contractors, for the time being, of the faid commiflioners ; and if any of the faid paviours, or the clerk of the faid commiflioners for the time being, (hall negleCt to give fuch notices within the refpe&ve times aforefaid, each of them (hall, for every fuch offence, fe-verally forfeit and pay the fum of twenty (hillings.

Water com- XXIX. Provided always, and il is hereby further enadted and panics to pay declared, That the charges and expences of relaying the pave-the expence ment, which (hall be broken or taken up for the purpoles of of new laying rcpairing or amending any fuch pipe or pipes, fhall be reim-wSm^c pipes buried and paid to the faid commiflioners, or to fuch perfonas are broken, they (hall appoint to receive the fame, by the clerk or treafurer &c.	for	the time being of the refpeCtive water companies to whom

fuch pipe or pipes (hall belong; or if the fame (hall not belong to any of the faid water companies, then by the refpeCtive owner or owners thereof; and the charges and expences of relaying the pavement which (hall be broken or taken up for the pur-pofes of new making, repairing, altering, cleanflng, or emptying, any fewer, drain, or vault, or of making any new or additional grates, or of repairing and altering any old grates, (hall be defrayed and paid by and out of fome rate or rates, to be made or aflefled by virtue or in purfuance of the faid aCt of the twenty fecond and twenty third years of the reign of King Charles the Second ; or by the perfon or perfons who (hall take up thefaid pavement, or any part thereof, or caufe the fame to be taken up for any of the purpofes aforefaid : and if fuch clerk or treafurer to any of the faid water companies, or the refpeftive owner or owners of fuch pipe or pipes, liable to reimburfe and pay fuch charges and expences, fhall refufe or negleCt to pay the fame within ten days next after demand thereof in writing, figned by the clerk of the faid commiflioners, and left at their refpeCtive dwelling-houfes, or laft places of abode, together with a bill to be annexed to fuch demand, containing an account of fuch charges and expences ; then, and in every fuch cafe, the money fo expended (hall and may be recovered by the faid commiflioners, of and from the perfon or perfons fo liable thereto, by aCtion or actions of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at IVeflminJler, in the name of the mayor, and commonalty, and citizens, of the faid city of London, to be commenced within three calendar months next after fuch demand refpeCtively ; in which aCtion or fuit, no ef-foin, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed.

Expence of XXX. Provided neverthelefs, and it is hereby further enaCt-alteration* in ed, That if at any time it (hall be found neceflary for the pur-tohed? P°^es ncw Pav*n£» or a*ler*ng the pavement of any or the c rayed. ^	|anesa	Iquarcs, yards, courts, alleys, paffages, or

places!

109

1765.] Anno fexto Georgii III. c. 26.

places, to raife, fink, or any otherwise alter, the pofition of any of the pipes or plugs, laid down or placed by any of the faid water companies, or by any other perion or perfons whatsoever, the charges attending the fame (hall be paid out of the monies arifing or to arife by virtue of this abl.

XXXI.	And, for the more eafily obtaining of water in cafes of fire, it is hereby further enabled, That the feveral water com- Lift* of the panies, who (hall fupply any of the inhabitants of the laid city

with water, (hall from time to time give notice in writing to	°

the faid commiflioners, of the names and places of abode of their refpeblive turncocks, diftinguilhing the diftribts to which they refpebtively belong ; and the faid commiflioners (hall year- s ly caufe to be printed and diftributed through every ward within the faid city and liberties, to and amonj^l the leveral houfe-bolders within the fame, a lift of the names and places of abode of the feveral turncocks of the diftribt or diftribts within which every fuch ward refpebtively (hall lie.

XXXII.	And it is hereby further enabled. That the faid com- Streets nay miflioners (hall have full power and authority to caufe the faid be watered; ftreets to be watered as often as they (hall think fit; and alio

to caufe any well or wells to be dug and funk in fuch places as

they (hall think proper; and alfo any pump or pumps, to be and pumps,

erebted in or near fuch places; and alfo any pumps now

(landing for the purpofe of watering the faid ftreets, or for any

other purpofe, to be removed or altered; and to defray the ex-

pences thereof out of the monies to be raifed by virtue of, and

for the purpofes of this abl.

XXXIII.	And* for the more effequally deanfmg, and keeping dean, and dull holes, thefaidJlreets, lanes* fquares*yards* courts, alleys* pajfagts, andplaces* ere&ed.

it is hereby further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid commiffioners to caufe any number of moveable or fixed dull boxes, dull holes, or conveniencies, wherein dud and a(hes, or other filth, may be depofited for the fcavengers or rakers, to be erebted and placed in fuch parts of the faid ftreets, lanes, fquares, yards, courts, alleys, palfages, and places, as they (hall judge neccf-(ary; and all and every the occupier and occupiers of houfes or tenements, within the faid city and liberties, are hereby required, daily and every day, to caufe all their duft, alhes, and other filth, to be depofited in the faid duft boxes, duft holes, or other conveniencies, or elfe to keep the fame in their refpeblive boufes or tenements, with the appurtenances, until the fame (hall be removed and carried away by the refpeblive rakers, to be in this behalf appointed; and in cafe any fuch occupier of any houfe or tenement, within the faid city or liberties, (hall depofit, or caufe to be depofited, any alhes, duft, or other filth, in any part of the faid ftreets, lanes, fquares, yards, courts, alleys, paflages, and places, except in fome of tlie duft holes, duft boxes, or other conveniencies, fo to be erebled or made as aforefaid; then the perfon fo offending (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of ten millings.

XXXIV. tat

I id	Anno	ftxto	Georgii	III.	c.a	[1765.

Foot way* to XXXIV. And it is hereby further enafted, That every ocra-be deanled pier of any lioufe or tenement within the faid city and liberties, and (in refpett of houfes lett to inmates) eveiy houfe owner (hall, once in every day, fcrape, fweep, and cleanfe, the foot way all along the front of their refpc&ive houfes or tenements,’ or caufe the fame to be fcraped, fwept, and deanfed $ and, in default thereof, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of two(hilling8.

Lamps, kc. XXXV. AikI, for the better enlightening the faid flreets» maybe fet up. lines, fquares, yards courts, alleys, paffages, and places, it if hereby further ena&ed. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid commiflioners, from time to time, to caufe fuchan6 fo many lamps to be fet up in fuch places within the faid cityf and the liberties thereof, and to be placed in fuch manner, and at fuch diftanccs, as they (hall judge neceflary j and the laid commilfioners (hall order and diredt at what time the lightf within the fame (hall be lighted, and how long they (hall continue lighted; and (hall, from time to time, give fuch other orders and directions in the premifles, as they (hall think needful, for the well and fufficient enlightening the faid city, and the liberties thereof. Penalty on XXXVI. And it is hereby further enadted. That if any per-wilfrtty, fen or perfons (hall wilfully take away, break, or throw down, or damage, any lamp that now is, or hereafter (hall be, fet up for enlightening any of the faid ffreets, lanes, fquares, yards, courts, alleys, paffages, and places, or wilfully extinguifli the light or lights within the fame, or damage the irons or other furniture thereof; it (hall and maybe lawful to and for any perfon or perfons whatfoever, who (hall fee fuch offence committed, to feize, as alfo for any other perfon or perfons to affift in feizing the offender or offenders, and, by authority of this 4dt, and without any other warrant, to convey him, her, or them, or to deliver him, her or them, into the cuftody of a peace officer, in order to be fecured and conveyed before fome juftice of the peace of the faid city ; and fuch juffice (hall pro* ceed to examine, upon oath, any witnefs or witnefles, who fhaD appear or be produced to give information touching fuch offence (which oath the faid juffice is hereby authorized and required to adminifter) and if the party or parties accufed (hall be con-vifled of fuch offence, either by his, her, or their own confeflion, or upon fuch information as aforefaid ; he, (he, or they, fo convicted, (hall forfeit and pay the fum of twenty (hillings for each lamp fo broken, thrown down, or damaged, or for every light (b extinguiffied as aforefaid; and, moreover, (hall make full fatisfa&ion to the faid commiflioners, or to fuch perfon as they (hall appoint to receive the fame, for the damage fo by him, her, or them done as aforefaid; and in cafe fuch offender or / offenders (hall not, on conviction. pay fuch forfeiture, and make foch fatisfa&ion as aforefaid, fuch juftice is hereby required to commit him, her, or them, to tne Bridewell of the laid city, there to be kept to hard labour, for any fpace of time not exceeding one calendar month* and fuch offender or offenders (hall

not

XII

1765O Anno fexto Georgii III. c. aG.

not be difcharged before the expiration of the time for which he, (he, or they, (hall be fo committed, unlefs foch forfeiture and fatisfadion (hall be fooner paid and given.

XXXVII.	And it is hereby further enaSed, That in cafe any or accidental-perfon or perfons (hall carelefsly or accidentally break, throw

down, or damage, any of the faid lamps, fo fet up, or hereafter to be fet up, as aforefaid* or the irons, or other furniture thereof, and (hall not immediately, upon demand, make fatisfa&ion for the damage done thereto ; then, and in every fuch cafe, it Audi and may be lawful to and for any one juftice of the peace of the faid city, upon complaint to him or them made by one or more credible perfon or perfons, to fummon before them the party or parties who (hall be complained of for doing fuch damage as aforefaid; and, upon hearing the allegations and proofs on both (ides, or upon the non-appearance of the party or parties fo complained of and fummoned, to award luch fum or fams of money, by wav of fatisfadlion for fuch damage, as fuch juftice (hall think reafonable; and in cafe of negleft or refufal of the (aid party or parties to pay fuch fum or fums of money fo awarded, within three days after demand thereof, to cauie the fame to be levied by diftrefs and (ale of his, her, or their goods or chatties, the furplus (if any) anting by fuch fale, to be paid to him, her. or them.

XXXVIII.	And h is hereby further enafted by the authority Property of aforefaid. That the property of the pavements, which, at the paveraentv&c. time of palling this a61, or at any time or times thereafter, (hall “the be within the faid city or liberties, and all materials and things may0 *

ufed or to be ufed in or about the making or repairing thereof,

(hall be, and the fame are hereby veiled in the faid mayor and commonalty, and citizens, of the faid city; and the faid com-miflioners are hereby authorized and impowered to brine, or caufe to be brought, any a&ion or adions, in the name of the faid mayor, and commonalty, and citizens, or to prefer, or order the preferring of, indi&ments againft any perfon or perfons who (hall (leal, take, or tarry away, any or any part of fuch materials or things: and if any perfon or perfons (hall wilfully or ma-licioufly deftroy, or otherwife damage or fpoil, any of the faid materials or things, or any of the works done in purfuance of this a6l, or any part or parts thereof; every perfon or perfons fo offending therein, and being thereof convifted, by the oath or oaths of one or more credible witnefs or witneftes, before any juftice of the peace, (hall, for every fuch offence refpec-tively, forfeit and pay the fum of twenty (hillings for the firft time of offending; and the fum of forty (hillings for the fccond and every other time of offending.

XXXIX.	And be it further enafted by the authority afore- Commiffion-faid. That all lamps which (hall be put out by any perfon or era to dirtft perfons, at his or their own private expence, (hall, from and th? PlacjnS °f after the commencement of this a6l, be placed in fuch manner Pnvatc,amPs‘ as the faid commiflioners, appointed to put this all in execution, (hall direft.

XL, KtA

Rites to be colle&ed half-yearly.

and not to exceed i s. 6 d.

and i s. in the pound.

Anno fexto Georgii III. c.26.	[1765.

XL. And whereas it would be very convenient to the inha* bitants of the (aid city and liberties, if the rates and aflelT-ments, neceflary for paving, cleaning, and enlightening, the faid ftreets, lanes, fquares, yards, courts, alleys, paflages, and places, and for preventing annoyances therein, were conlbli-dated and made one joint end general fund, to be colle&ed to* gether; be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the twenty ninth day of September, one thoufand (even hundred and (ixty fix, one or more rate or rates, aflefiinent or aflefiments, lhall, twice in every year or oftener, as the laid commiflioners lhall, from time to time, think fit to order, be made, laid, and aflefied, in the feveral wards of the laid city, by the aldermen, or their deputies refpedtively, and the major part of the common council men pf each ward, upon all and every perfon and perfons who do or lhall inhabit, hold, occupy, poflefs or enjoy,#any land, houfe, (hop, warehoufe, cellar, vault, or other tenement, within the laid feveral wards, and who, by the laws now in being, are liable to be, and, from time to time, lhall be adtually rated towards the relief of the poor in die refpedfcive parilhes where he, (he, or they, lhall refpe&ively live or refide, for railing fuch competent fum and fums of money as the faid commiflioners lhall, from time to time judge needful and diredl; fo as fuch rates or aflefiments do not in any one year exceed, in the whole, the fum of one {hilling and fix

Eence in the pound of the yearly rents of fuch of the laid lands, oufes, (hops, warehoufes, cellars, vaults, or other tenements or hereditaments refpedtively, as (hall be fituate in any ftreet, lane, fquare, yard, court, alley, pafiage, or place, adtually begun to be new paved by virtue and in purfuance of this adt; and one (hilling in the pound of the yearly rents of fuch of the lands, houies, (hops, warehoufes, cellars, vaults, tenements, or hereditaments refpedtively, as (hall not be fo fituate; fuch rates refpedtively to be from time to time afcertained by the rates at which fuch refpedtive lands, houfes, (hops, warehoufes, cellars, vaults, or other tenements, or hereditaments, (hall be, from time to time, aflefied towards the land tax.

XLI. And whereas feveral manufactures, trades, occupations, and callings, necefiarily take up and require great room, by reafoq whereof, the perlbns concerned therein are obliged to pay large rents, and it may be a great and intolerable hard-fhip upon fuch perfons to be rated to the full extent of their refpedtive rents, towards the purpofes of this adt; and whereas it may be reafonable to excufe fome perfons from the payment of the aforefaid rates and aflefiments, in the whole or in part, on account of their poverty: for relief therefore, in fuch cafes, it is hereby further enadted and declared. That in any of the cafes aforefaid, any perfon or perfons may apply to the faid commiflioners, by petition in writing, fetting forth the circum-ftances of his, her, or their cafe, giving notice to the alderman of the ward wherein fuch rate or afieflment lhall have been made, or his deputy; and fuch petition lhall be taken into con-

fidcration

ui

*76$'] Anno fcxtd GeoUgii III. c. 26.

fideration by the faid commiftioners, at their next public meet* v ing, of which the alderman of the ward; or his deputy, (hall * have efpecial notice; and if it (hall then appear to the faid com-miflioners, upon hearing the faid petitioner or petitioners, that the faid petitioner or petitioners is or are intitled to relief; it Relief for Audi and may be lawful to and for the faid commiftioners, and owners of they are hereby Authorized arid impowered, to award to the faid *arS!: w^ petitioner or petitioners fuch relief as they the faid cemmiflion- hou c#> ** era (hall think juft and reafonable.

XLII. Provided always, That if the alderman, of his deputy, Appeal may or the major part of the common council men of fuch ward, ba made.

(hall think fuch award unjuft or unreafonable, or if the party or parties concerned (hall think him or herfelf, or themfelves, aggrieved by fuch award; it (hall arid may be lawful to and for any of them to appeal from fuch award to the court of mayor ana aldermen of the faid city, who (hall finally determine whether the faid petitioner or petitioners is or are intitled to any and what relief in the premifles.

XLIII. And, in order to afcertain the rates and afleflinents p0wer to ex* to be made by virtue of this aft, be it further enafted by the amine poors authority aforefaid. That the feveral aldermen of the faid city, |*at**> and Or their refpeftive deputies, (hall and may, and they are hereby Authorized and impowered, to caufe any of the books of afleff-tsient of the land tax, within their refpeftive wards, and alfo any of the books of afleflment of the rates towards the relief of the poor, within the refpeftive pari(hes of the fame wards, to be brought before them, and to take copies of fuch books, or any part thereof, as they (hall think fit, without fee or reward : and if any perfon or perfons, in whofe cuftody or power any of the faid books (hall be, (hall refufe or negleft to attend the faid aldermen, or their deputies, with fuch book or books, or to permit them to take copies thereof as aforefaid; then, and in every fuch cafe, every perfon who (hall fo refufe or negleft, fliall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of forty lhillings.

XLIV. Arid it is hereby further enafted. That the alderman, Duplicates of or his deputy, and the major part of the common council men the ratea-to for the time being, in each ward within the faid city 6r liberties, ** n*adei ^ are hereby required to fet down in writing, and (ign two duplicates of the rates and afteftments, which they (hall, from time to time, make by virtue of this aft for the purpofes aforefaid, in which (hall be exprefled the names of the Collectors who (hall be appointed to colleft the fame; one of which duplicates (hall, within ten days next after the making thereof, be depofited, by the beadle of the faid ward, in the office of the chamberlain of the faid city of London, where the fame (hall remain; and every Citizen of London, liable to be fated by virtue of this aft, (hall and may have free accefs thereto at all convenient times, and be permitted to infpeft the fame without fee or reward.

XLV. And, to the end that the faid feveral rates and afte(T>

Sftents may be fully and compleatly raifed and paid for the out-Vot. XXWJ,	I

ii4	Anno	fcxto Georgii III. c. 26.	[1765.

pofes aforcfaid, it is hereby further enadted, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for tne alderman, or his deputy, with Ac major part of the common council men of each ward, at the court of wardmote to be holden upon or near the feaft day of Saint Thomas the Apoflle for the choice of ward officers, to return to the faid wardmote the names and places of abode of a competent number of fubftantial inhabitants of fuch ward; of whom fo many as the faid alderman, or his deputy, and the major part of the faid common council men, (hall think fit and diredt, not exceeding half the number of perfons fo returned, (hall be chofen and appointed, at the faid wardmote to be col-wf110 ledtors of the rates and afleffments, which (hall be made in pur-nluMv |Cn **** fuance of this adt, for one whole year, from the faid feaft day of Saint Thomas the Apoftle to the lame feaft day then next following, and fu yearly, and from year to year: and the faid colledtors for the time being are hereby authorized and required, in the refpedtive wards for which they (hall be fo cbofen colled-ors, to colledt and receive, from time to time, fuch rates, afleflT-ments, and Turns of money, as (hall be due and payable by virtue of this adt, of and from all perfons liable to pay the (amei and all perfons who by virtue of this adt (hall be charged therewith/ or be liable thereunto, are hereby required to pay fudi rates or afleflments unto fuch refpedtive colledtors for the time being accordingly; fuch colledtors, from time to time, giving receipts for the fame gratis, if thereunto required, and whicn they are hereby enjoined to do upon requeft: and eyery fuch colledior, who (hall be chofen by virtue of this adt, (hall, at the wardmote at which he (hall he fo chofen as aforefaid, or within the fpace of twenty days then next enfuing, before the alderman of the ward for which he (hall be fo chofen colledtor, or his deputy, take and fubferibe the following oath ; or, being one of the people called Quakers, make and lubfcribe the following folemn affirmation, for the true and faithful execution of the faid office.

Their oath. T A. B.do Jwear (or folcmnly affitm) that I will, according to J. the bell of my Jkill and knowledge, well and truly perform and execute the office of a collector, within the ward of according to the directions and true intent of an act made in the Jixtb year of the reign of his majcjly King George the Third, intituled, An adt for the better paving, cleanfing, and enlightening the city of London, and the liberties thereof, and for preventing obfthrctions and annoyances within the fame, and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

Which oath, or affirmation, (hall be adminiftered, without fee or reward, by the alderman of each refpedtive ward for the joL penalty time being, or his deputy: and if any colledtor, chofen in on refuting to purfuance of this adt, (half refufe or negledt to take the faid k™®*	oath, or (being one of the perfons called JQuakers) to make she

feid affirmation, or to take upon himfelt the faid office, or,

after

ii 5

765 J	Anno fexto Georgii III. c. 26.

ftcr having taken upon himfelf the faid office, (hall refufe or cgleCt to lerve and execute the fame, according to the true itent and meaning of this' aCt ; he (hall, for every fiich re-ifal or negleCt, forfeit and pay the turn of fifty pounds; and nil, rievertlielefc, continue liable to be chofen into the faid ffice a gain the year following, or at any other time ; and lhall e liable to the like penalty, fo often as he lhall thereupon rfufe or negleCt to take upon him and duly to execute the me.

XLVI. And it is hereby further enacted, That when and T|1 ^ ^

1 often as any perfon (hall refufe or negleCt to take upon him death, or fuch ft faid office^ or to execute the fame, when chofen, or (hall rdufal.the ie, or remove out of the ward, in and for which he (hall be alderman i chofen and appointed, before he has fini(hed his collection, ^j^rs^unlfc* ton, and in every or any fuch cafe, it (hall and may be lawful \\^e penalty, rand for the alderman of fuch ward for the time being, or is deputy, with the major part of the common council'men f the faid ward, by appointment under their hands and feats, i nominate and appoint fome other fit and proper perfon ithafc fuch ward, to colleCt the faid rates therein, or fuch fum id Aims of money as (hall remain due and unpaid thereof;

Id if fuch other perfon fo appointed (hall refufe or negleCt to fee and fubferibe the faid oath (or being One of the perfons died quakers to make the faid affirmation) 6r to ferve and exe-itc the faid office, then, and in every fuch lafi mentioned cafe, my perfon fo refuting or neglecting, (hall be liable to the like eftalty of fifty pounds, as if he had been Chofen into the faid Bjce at the wardmote as aforefaid.

XLVII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enaCted, Perfons 'hat nothing in this aCt contained, (hall extend or be con- cmpted. rued to oblige any perfon or perfons to ferve the faid office of illedor, who, by the laws now in being, is or are exempted om ferving any ward office.

XLVIII. And whereas many boufes in feveral of the wards of inmates to

*	faid city9 are9 by the feveral landlords or owners thereof lett out pay%hc rates, r lodgings or tenements to divers tenants9 whereby it will be difficult

» rate or affefs the faid tenants in refpeft of fuch houfes9 or to never fitch rates and ajfejfments when made; for remedy thereof,

© it ena&ed. That from and after the faid twenty ninth day of tfiember9 one thoufand feven hundred and fixty fix, it (hall and lay be lawful to and for the alderman of each refpeCtive ward, r his deputy, with the major part of the common council men f the (aid ward, from time to time to rate and aflefs, in every ich rate and afleflinent as aforefaid, the owner or owners of U fuch houfes or tenements as (hall be fo lett to, or occupied y9 two or more tenants, which rate or affeflment (hall be paid y the occupier or occupiers of any part or parts of fuch houfes r tenements; and fuch occupier or occupiers of fuch houfes r titodOtents, is and are hereby authorized and required to pay xh fuch and fums of money as (hall be fo rated &r affcfiea float the. owner or owners thereof, being duly de&anded of

*	12	tab

n6	Anno	fexto Georgii III, c. 26.	[1765.

and deduft fuch occupier or occupiers, and to dedudt the fame out of his, the fame out her, or their refpedtive rents; and the landlord, or owner or •f their rents. owners Gf |uch houfes or tenements is and are hereby required to allow fuch deductions and payments, upon the receipt of the refidue of his, her, or their rents; and every fuch occupier paying fuch afleflment or afleflments, (hall be acquitted and dif-charged for fo much of his or her rent, as the faid afleflment or afleflments fo paid by him or her (hall amount unto, as if the lame had been actually paid to the perfon or perfons to whom his or her rent (hall be due and payable; and in default of payment of the faid rate or rates, afleflTment or afledments, the fame (hall be and remain a charge upon the faid premifles, and (hall and may be recovered of and from the landlord or landlords, owner or owners thereof refpeCti^fely, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at 1VeJlmmJler> or within the faid city, to be commenced and profecuted by fuch collector or collectors; in which adioa or fuir, no protection, efloin, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance (hall be allowed.

Public build- XLIX. And forafmucb as it is reafonable y that all pubtick build-ings, may bigs (hofpitals excepted) and all dead walls and void /paces of be rated at ground, Jhould be rated and ajfejfed in a due proportion, toward: toe yan/^r <*<UrC paving, cleaning, and enlightening the faid city, end the liberties thereof ; it is hereby further enacted, That it lhall and may be lawful to and for the alderman of each ward within the faid city and liberties, or his deputy, with the major part of his common council men, at his and their diferetions, and they are hereby required at fuch times as the rates and afleflments hereby directed to be made (hall, from time to time, be made, to rate and aflefs, towards the purpofes of this aCt, all parilh churches, church yards, chapels, and other publick buildings whatfoever, not charged to the land tax, and all void fpaces of ground, fituate, lying and being within their ward (other than and except the cathedral church of Saint Paul in London, and the church yards and ground within the iron rails encompafling tho faid cathedral church) at fuch rate as the faid alderman or his deputy, with the major part of his common council men, (hall judge reafonable for every fquare yard of fuch churches, church yards, chapels, and publick buildings, and void fpaces of ground, and dead not exceeding the rate of four pence per fquare yard; and alfo walls at: 6d. to rate and aflefs all dead walls within their wards, towards the ni^mealliire" PurP0^es aforefaid, at fuch rate as the faid alderman, or his *	’ deputy, with the major part of his common council men, (hall

judge reafonable, for every yard, running meafure, of fuch dead walls, not exceeding the rate of fix pence per yard; and fuch rate or rates, afleflment or afleflments, fo to be, from time to time, made upon any parifli church, church yard, or chapel, to be paid by their refpective church or chapel wardens.

St. Paul's L. And whereas the pavement lying between the fence of the church, &c. church yard belonging to the cathedral church of Saint Paul, in the how to be fog 0(7 of London, and tbf channel of tie feveral jtreets and

ways

1765.] Anno fexto GeorgiiJII.	c.i$. it]

vays adjoining to and furrounding the /aid churchy contains two thou-rand two hundred and forty fquart yards ; and the charge and expence Jf repairing, cleanftng,, and enlightening the fame, is now paid out f the interefl and yearly produce of t he furplus money of certain duties m coaly granted by divers afls of parliament, and vejlei in the lord vrcbbi/bop of Canterbury, lord bijhop of London* and lord mayor )f the eityef London, for the time being; be it hereby further ma&ed, That it (hall be lawful to and for the alderman of rjafHe Baynard Ward, or his deputy, with the major part of hit :ommon council men, at his or tneir diferetions, and they are hereby required, when, and at fuch times as the rates and ifieffinents hereby direded to he made, (hall, from time to time, be made, to rate and afTefs the faid cathedral church towards tHb purpofes of this ad, at fuch rate as the faid alderman or his deputy, with the major part of his common council men,

(hall judge reafonable, not exceeding the rate of one (hilling and three pence by the year for every fquare yard of the faid pavement now kept in repair out of the intereft of fuch truft monies as aforefaid; and that fuch rates or afleffments fo to be from time to time made on the faid cathedral church as afore-faid, (hall be paid by the lord archbi(hop of Canterbury, lord bifliop of London, and lord mayor of the faid city of London, for the time being, out of the intereft and produce of the faid furplus money fo vefted in them upon the trufts and for the purpofes aforeiaid.

LI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enabled, That Wharfs, to. no perfon or perfons (hall, in refpcA of any wharf, or of any warehoufe, vault, or cellar, upon any wharf, be rated or aflefl- two thirds of ed, or be liable to pay, more than two thirds of the rates the rates, or afleflinents herein before direAed to be rated and aflefled on lands, houfes, (hops, warehoufes, cellars, vaults, and other tenements, within the feveral wards of the faid city of London; any thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

"XII. And whereas feveral meeting-boufes within the faid city How'meeting* and liberties are uninhabited and unoccupiedy except at and during houfes, to. the times of pubtick worjbtp, whereby it will be difficult to rate and^*^** ajfefs the fame towards the purpofes of this a£t, and to recover the rate and ajfeffinent thereon when made; for remedy thereof, it is hereby further enaAed and declared, That the rate or rates, afleflinent or afleflinents, fo to be, from time to time, made upon any meeting-houfe within the (aid city or liberties, (hall and may be demanded of the minifter and deacons, or other perfon ufually officiating therein; and fuch minifter and deacons, or other perfon, is and are hereby required to pay tho fame, upon demand, to the colleAor or colleAors of the faid rates and afleflinents for the time being, by whom the fame Audi be fo demanded: and if fuch minifter, deacon, or other perfon, of whom fuch rate or rates, aflefiment or afleflinents, ftali be .fo, demanded, lhall refufe or negleA to pay the fame, upon fuch demand, then* and in every fuch cafe, fuch rate or t.t i	I3	ntttj

xiS

Anno fextoGEORGii III. c. a6.	[1765.

rates, afleflment or afleflments, (hall and may be recovered of and from the peifon or perfons fo required to pay the fame, by adtion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Ma-jefty’s courts of record at Wejlminfier, or within the faid city; to be commenced and profecutcd in the name or names of the collector or collectors who (hall have fo demanded the feme; in which aCtion or fuit no efToin, protection, or wager of law, or more thau one imparlance, fhall be allowed: and in default of payment of fuch rate or rates, affeffment or afleflments, the fame (hall be and remain a charge upon fuch meeting-houfc, and be paid by the landlord or owner thereof refpedtively; and fuch rate or rates, affeffment or afleflments, fo to be, from time to time, made upon any publick building, not being an hofpital, or upon any dead wall or void fpace of ground, (hall be paid by the refpedtive owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors thereof: and in cafe the owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors, of any fuch void fpace of ground (hall not be known, or cannot be found ; then the faid rate or rates, afleff-ment or afleflments, to be thereon made, (hall be advanced by the chamberlain of the city of London for the time being out of the ca(h of the faid city in his hands; and the (aid ground (hall be and remain a fecurity to the faid chamberlain and his fucceflors, for repayment of all rates fo to be by him advanced.

LIII. And it is hereby further enaCted, That if it (hall happen that any of the lands, houfes, (hops, warehoufes, cellars, vaults, or other tenements, within the faid city and liberties, (hall, at the time of making any of the faid rates or afleff-ments, be empty, untenanted, or unoccupied; then, and in every fuch cafe, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the alderman of the ward where fuch premises (hall lie, or his deputy, with the major part of the common council men of the feid ward, to rate and afftffs the faid premifles; and in fuch cafe, as well as in cafe the faid premifles (hall, after the making of fuch rate or rates, afleflment or afleflments, become empty, untenanted, or unoccupied, one half of fuch rate or affeffment (hall be a charge on fuch premifles refpedtively, and be paid by the firft tenant or occupier thereof, who (hall and may, and is hereby authorized, to deduCt and detain the fame out"of his or her rent; and the landlord, or owner or owners, of fuch pre-xnifles, is and are hereby required to allow fuch deduction and payment, upon the receipt of the refidue of his, her, or their reJpedtive rents; and the faid tenant or occupier (ball be, and is hereby, acquitted and difeharged of and for fo much of hia or her rent, as the rate or afleflment fo paid by him or her ihalj amount unto.	*

LIV. And it is hereby further enaCted and declared. That fhftram in cafe jf any perfon or perfons, who (hall be rated or aflefled by virtue non-pay. or jn purfusmce Qf this adt, (hall, by the fpace of ten days next after his, her, or their refpedtive rate or rates, afleflment o* afleffmeau, (hall be dye* end demanded by the ceUetor or collectors

Unoccupied houfes, fee how to be fated.

CoileAor to

meat.

11$

l7^5*3 Anno fexto Georgii III. c. 26.

leCtors authorized and appointed to colled and receive the fame (fuch demand being either perfonally made to the refpeCtive perfon or perfons fo charged, or left in writing at his, her, or their refpeCtive houfe or houfes, or place or places of abode) then, and in every fuch cafe, it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch collector or collectors, every or any of them, having a warrant or warrants under the hand and leal of any juftice of the peace of the faid city (which warrant or warrants the faid collector and collectors is and are hereby required to apply for, and the juftice fo applied to, is hereby authorized and required to grant) and, with the aftiftance of a conftable, or other peace officer of the ward, county, city, or liberty, where the perfon or perfons fo refufing or neglecting (hall refide, to enter nit, her, or their houfe or houfes, apartment or apartments, and then and there to diftrain his, her, or their goods and chatties; and if the fame (hall not be replevied, or fuch rate or afleffinent pud, within five days next after fuch dirt refs made, together with the colts and charges thereof, then to appraife and fell fo much and fuch part of the faid goods and chatties as (hall be fufficient to pay the faid rate or afleffinent, with the tofts and charges attending fuch diftrefs and fale, returning the overplus (if any) to the owner or owners of fuch goods or chatties (the faid colts and charges to be fettled and allowed by the juftice who (hall have granted fuch warrant or warrants refpeCtively.)

LV. Provided always. That no fuch diftrefs (hall, by virtue rf diftreft fol-of this aCt, be made out of the limits of the faid city and lowed, war-liberties thereof, unlefs fuch warrant or warrants refpeCtively ™®* ^ *** (hall be firft backed or counter-figned by feme magiftrate of the backe®‘ county, city, or liberty, where fuch diftrefs is propofed to be madej which warrant or warrants any magiftrate, who (hall be applied to for that purpofe, (hall forthwith back or counter-fign, without fee or reward.

LVI. And k is hereby further enaCted, That if any fuch Penalty on collector or collectors fhall refufe or negleCt to apply for fuch neglect of warrant or warrants as aforefaid, or to make fuch diftrefs and fale purfuant to the directions of this aCt, except in cafes wa^u>ts. where fuch diftrefs fhall be difpenfed with by the alderman, or his deputy, and the major part of the common council men of each refpeCtive ward, by writing under their hands, in refpeCk of the poverty of the party or parties aflefled, fuch collector or collectors fhall, for every fuch refofal or negleCt, forfeit and pay the fum of five pounds: and if any juftice of the faid city, upon fuch application to him made for fuch warrant or warrants as aforefaid, (hall refufe or negleCt to grant the fame, fuch juftice (hall, for every fuch refuial or negleft,-forfeit and pay the fum of five pounds: and if any conftable, being called - upon by any collector or collectors, having fuch warrant or warrants, (hall refufe or negleCt to aid and affift him or them in nuking fuch diftrefs and fale, he fhall, for every fuch offence, fefftttand pay the (tun of forty (hillings.

U .

1*0

Agreement betwixt landlord and tenant, not vacated.

Freemen, not paying the rates, incapable of vot-tog.

Perfons aggrieved may Appeal,

Anno fexto Georgii III. c. 26. [iyfij.

LVH. Provided always, and it is hereby further ena&ed, That nothing in this a# contained (hall be deemed or taken to make void any contra#, covenant, or agreement, between landlord and tenant, touching or concerning the paving, dean* fing, or enlightening, any, or any part of any, of the bid ftreets, lanes, fquares, yards, courts, alleys, paflages, and places, within the (aid city and liberties; but that every fuch landlord who is now, by virtue of any fuch contra# or agreement, obliged to pave, keep in repair, cleanfe, or enlighten, any part thereof, (hall, in lieu thereof, pay or allow unto his, her, or their refpe#ive tenant or tenants, the rate or rates to be rated or aflefled on fuch tenant or tenants refpe#ively, or fo much thereof as (hall be juft and reafonable, according to the true meaning of fuch contra#, covenant, or agreement, for and during fuch time as fuch contra#, covenant, or agreement, (ball remain in force $ and in cafe any difpute (hall arife concerning fuch contra#, covenant, or agreement, the faid court of mayor find aldermen lh?Il have power to hear and finally to determine the fame.

LVIII. And, for the more effe#ual enforcing the payment pf the faid rates and aflefiments for the purpofes aforefaid, it is hereby further ena#ed by the authority aforefaid, That if any freeman of London, liable to pay the faid rates and aflefiments, pr any re-aflefiments which (hall and may be made in cafes herein after mentioned, (hall have negleded or refufed to pay the fame, or any part thereof, after fuch demand as afore-faid; or if any fuch freeman (hall, for or in refpe# of poverty or inability, have deflred to be excufed, and accordingly (hall have been excufed, from paying any fuch rate, afleflment, or re-afleflment; then, and in fuch cafe, every fuch freeman (hall be under the fame incapacity of voting at elc#ions within the city of London, as any perfon or perfons now is or arc, who do not pay their fcot or lot to any of the yearly rates and aflefiments, to which the citizens of London are at this time, or (hall hereafter become, liable.

LIX. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enacted, That any perfon or perfons who (hall think him, or hei;-felf, or themfelves, aggrieved, by any rate or afleflment to be made by virtue or in purfuance of this ad, may, within the fpace or thirty days next after fuch rate and afleflment (halj have been demanded as aforefaid, appeal to the fajd com-inifiioners, and they are hereby authorized and required forthwith to appoint a day for hearing fuch appeal; and the party or parties, fo appealing, (hall give three days notice, at the leaft, of the day (o appointed, to the alderman of the ward in which the faid afleflment (hall have been made, or to his deputy: and fuch notice having been given, the faid commifijoners (hall ^nd may, upon the day io appointed, proceed to hear and determine fuch appeal, and their determination (hall be final$ and no fees (hall be paid on the making, hearing, or deter? Wiping, of fuch appeaj, ,	'	....	.	‘	-	-

* •	ftQ*

1765.} Anno fexto Georgii III: c.26.	121

LX. Provided alfo, and it is hereby further enafted and declared, That if the alderman of any ward within the faid city of London, or his deputy, with the major part of the common council men of the faid ward, (hall, at any time or times hereafter, in any rates or afleflments by them to be made, by virtue Or in purfuance of this aft, negleft or omit to rate or aflefs any pferfon or perfons liable to fuch rates or afleflments, or (hall negleft or omit to rate or aflefs any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or the inhabitants or occupiers thereof, within their ward, in proportion to the yearly rent of fuch lands, tenements, pr hereditaments refpeftively, as the fame (hall be afcertained and rated in the rate or afleflinent towards the land tax 5 then, and in every fuch cafe, upon complaint thereof made, by any	,

inhabitant of the faid city, to the faid commiflioners, they are hereby authorized and required forthwith to appoint a day for bearing fuch complaint; and the party or parties complaining (hall give three days notice at the lead of the day fo appointed, to the alderman ot the ward to which fuch complaint (hall relate, or to his deputv; and fuch notice having been given, the Commiflion-faid commiflioners (nail and may proceed to hear and deter-	to bear;and

mine fuch complaint; and, for that purpofe, (hall and roay^^^-"*§0£ fummon witnefles before them, and examine fuch witnefles up- inhabitants, on oath (which oath the (aid commiflioners are hereby authorized and impowered to adminifterj) and if the faid commiflioners (hall judge the matter of fuch complaint to be true, they (hall make fuch alterations in the faid rate or afleflinent as (hall be juft.

LXI. And it is hereby further enafted. That every colleftor Money col- ^ of the rates and afleflments aforefaid (hall, from time to time, pay the monies arifing therefrom, as he (hall receive the fame, KambcihS^ to the chamberlain of the faid city of London for the time being; cfakt, and upon every fuch payment, the faid chamberlain, or one of his clerks, (hall, without fee or reward, flgn and give receipts in writing to fuch colleftor, exprefling his name, the fum paid, and the name of the ward to which the faid colleftor (hall belong ; and if fuch colleftor (hall, at any time, keep and retain in his hands, of the monies fo to be collefted by him, the fum of twenty pounds, or upwards, above two days (the chamber of London being, within that time, open to receive the fame) then, and fo often, fuch colleftor (hall forfeit and pay the fum of ten (hillings for every day he (hall retain the (aid fum of twenty pounds, or upwards, beyond the faid two days.

LXII. And it is hereby further enafted by the authority Colleftor up-aforefaid. That every colleftor to be appointed by virtue or in on demand, purfuance of this aft, (hall, upon three days notice in writing awmmtof all given to, or left for, him at his ufual place of abode, by the monies col-alderman of the ward to which fuch colleftor (hall belong, or lefted. jib deputy, to attend the faid alderman, or his deputy, at fuch time and place, within their ward, as he (hall appoint; and then |nd there, if required, deliver in to him, upon oath (or if fuch fpljfdfcr (hall be a gnator, then upon his (blemn affirmation.

112

hmkjron

refuCu to ac-couat, or make payment.

Anno fcxto Georgii III. c. 16:	f	1765.

which oath or affirmation, fuch alderman, or deputy, is herdy impowered to adminifter) a true, cxaCt, and perfect account m writing, under the hand of fuch callc&or, of all fums of money which he (hall then have received by rcafon of his faid office; and alfo a true lift the names of all perfons within his ward, who (hall have refilled or neglected to pay his, her, or their Cud rates or afleffments, with a true account of the fcveral Turns of money which fuch perfons (hall refpeCtively be in arrear, to the intent that the fame maybe fpeedily got in and recovered: and if any collector, after fuch notice given, (hall refufe or negleCt to attend, or deliver in his accounts as aforefeid, or to produce and deliver in the vouchers relating to the fame, or to account for any fum or fums of money by him collected or received, and to pay the fame, and every part thereof, as is herein above directed; then, and in every luch cafe, fuch collector (hall, for every fuch refufal or negleCt, forfeit and pay fuch fum of money as the rates and afleffinents, which he fhall have been entrufted or authorized to collect, (hall amount unto, after deducting the amount of the fum or fums by him actually paid to the chamberlain of the faid city for the time being; which forfeiture (hall and may be recovered by aCkiovt of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record, to be commenced and profecuted in the name of the faid mayor, and commonalty, and citizens, of the faid city; in which aCtion or fuit fuch collector (hall be held to fpecial bail, and no efloin, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed.

LXIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further cnaCted and declared. That if any collector or collectors of the faid rates and afleffments, (hall have in his or their hands any of the faid rates or afleffinents collected by him or them, and (nail refufe to account for and pay the fame as afbrefaid, the alderman of the ward to which fuch collector or collectors (hall belong, is hereby authorized and required, by warrant under his hand and feal, to caufe fuch collector or collectors to be brought before him, to hear and determine the matter of fuch complaint in a fummary way; and if, upon the confeflion of fuch coneCtor or collectors, or the teftimony of any credible witnefs or wit-neffes, upon oath (which oath fuch alderman is hereby impowered and required to adminifter) it (hall appear to him that any of the monies which (hall have been collected and raifed by virtue of this aCt, (hall then Jbe in the hands of fuch collector or collectors, and that he or they refufeth or refule to pay the fame according to the true intent and meaning of this aCt, the faid alderman is hereby authorized and required, by a warrant or warrants under his hand and feal, to caufe fuch money to be levied by diftrefs and fale of the goods and chatties of fuch collector or collectors refpeCtively; and if no goods or chatties of fuch collector or collectors can be found, fufficient to anfwer and fatisfy the faid money, and the charges of fuch diftrefi and file* then the laid alderman may and (foil

conu

17^5*] Anno facto Georgii HI. c.z6.	125

commit fiich coiledor or colledors Co one of the compters of the fud city, there to be detained and kept without bail or mainprise, until he or they (hall pay the fame, or fucb com* petition as the faid commitiiooers mall agree to accept in full, which competition fuch commiffioners are hereby impowered to make.

LXIV. And it is hereby further enaded, That if any col- Colle&ardjr-lodor or colledors (hall happen to die, or to become bankrupt, be* before he or they (hall have folly paid and fttisfied all the money by him or them received by virtue of this ad, or fucb	liable to

com podt ion for the fame as aforefaid; then, and in every fuch payment} cafe, the executors or adminiftrator*, executrix or adminiftra«-trix, or other legal reprefentative or reprefentatives of fuch collector or colledors, or the aflignee or aflignees of bis or their eftate and effeds, or other perlon or perfons poflefling the feme,	1

(hall, in the firft place, out of luch eftate and efie&s, pay unto the chamberlain of the faid city of Londen for the time being, all fuch Turns of money as were in the hands of fuch coiledor or colledors at the time of his or their death, or at the time of filing out any commiffion of. bankruptcy againft him or them, or fo much thereof as the faid eftate or effeds will extend to pay ; and the receipt of the faid chamberlain (hall be a good difcharge for the faid money: and every executor or adminiftrator, aflignee or aflignees, or other perlon as aforefaid, may, to any adion or fuit commenced or brought againft lum or them, plead or give in evidence the payment of the feme; and (hall be allowed fuch payment out of the eftate or effeds of fuch coiledor or colledors, prior to any other debt or demand whatfoever: and in cafe of nonpayment of the fame, by the (pace of one calendar month after the fame (hall be demanded, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the alderman of the faid ward, or his deputy, to commence and profecute one or more adion or adions for the fame, in the name of the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the faid city, in any of bis Mat. jelly’s courts of record, againft fuch executors or aaminiftrators, aflignee or aflignees, or other perfon as aforefaid.

LX V. And, to the intent that /uhftantial	but if infoU

and appointed collectors in each ward, it is hereby further enaded, vent, ke. That in cafe any coiledor or receiver of the faid rates and affeff-ments (hall become infolvent, or (hall embezzle or make away with, detain or mifapply, any fum or fums of money fo colleded by him for the ufes aforefaid, fo that the fame cannot be recovered ; or (hall die poflefled of any fum or fums of money by him or them colleded by virtue of this ad, and which (hall not be paid by his executors or adminiftrators; then, and in the money to overy fuch calc, fuch fum and fums of money (hall be again be again af-rated and afiefled on the inhabitants of the ward for which fuch perfon was chofen and appointed coiledor, by the alderman of mch ward, or his deputy* with the major part of the common council men of the faid ward, in fiich proportion and manner y»the rates arc direded to J>e made by this ad} and (ball be .	c»Y-

Chamberlain to pay all fums of money by order of the com-

tnc*.

i«+	Anno	fext» Georgii III. c. 26.	[1765.

collected, levied, and diftrained, in fuch manner, and under fuch penalties, as are herein provided for collecting and levying the rates due and payable by this aft.

LXVI. And it is hereby further enaded, That the chamberlain of the laid city of London for the time being (hall and may, and he is* hereby authorized and required, out of the w	monies	colleded	and paid into the chamber of the faid city

miffioner^and purfuant to this ad, to pay all fums of money which the laid to make cn- commiflioners (hall from time to time draw upon him for, or order him to pay: and the faid chamberlain for the time being (hall, and he is hereby required, to keep regular and clear entries in a book or books to be for that purpofe by him provided and kept, of all and Angular his receipts and payments, on account or in purfuance of this ad; to which book or books every citizen of London, liable to the (aid rates, (hall and may have free accefs at all convenient times, with full liberty to in-fped the fame, without fee or reward; and alfo that the faid chamberlain for the time being (hall, once in every year, have the faid accounts audited and pa(Ted by the faid commiflioners, and (hall deliver copies of the faid accounts to each houfe of parliament within twenty days after the opening of every feflion.

LX VII. And whereas tht contra fts far lighting and deanfeng the faid city and liberties are made to the twenty fifth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty fix, but the prefent rates for defraying the expence thereof are to ceafe on the twenty ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty fix; it is hereby further enaded. That nothing in this ad contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to annul or vacate fuch contrads.

The prefent contrads for

tl!e ttre^t^not any t^em> ^ut r^at fame continue in force as

vacated.

Commiflioners may borrow money on credit of the rates.

if this ad had never been made; and the charges and ex pences, payable in refped of the three laft months thereof, (hall and may be paid out of the monies to be colleded by virtue of this prefent ad,

LXVIII. And) for the more effectually enabling the faid eom~\ tnijficners to execute the purpofes of this aft in the moji expeditious manner, it is hereby further enaded. That it (hall and may be lawful for the faid. commiflioners, and they are hereby im-powered from time to time, when they (hall judge it neceflary for the purpofes aforefaid, to borrow and take up at intereft any fum or (urns of money, not exceeding one hundred thoufand pounds, upon the credit of the rates or afleflments to be made and payable by virtue of this ad; and by any writing or writings upon vellum or parchment, figned by them, to aflign the (aid rates or afleflments to any (uch perfon or per-fons who (hall advance or lend fuch money thereon, as a fecu-rity or fecurities for the feveral fums fo borrowed, with legal or lower intereft for the fame; which intereft (hall be payable and paid half-yearly, by the chamberlain of the faid city for the time being, out of the monies to arife by or from the faid ratea or afleflments.

LXIX. And

1765.] Anno fexto Georgii III. c. 26.	125

LXIX. And whereas many perfons may chufe to advance money ror the purchafe of annuities, to be fecured upon and payable out of be faid rates and affejfmentsy it is hereby further enaded, That 100,000]. may t (hall and may be lawful to and for any perfon or perfons to be borrowed contribute, advance, and pay, into the hands of the laid com-miffioners, for the purpofes of this aft, any fum or fums of cent, money, not exceeding in the whole the fum of one hundred thoufand pounds, for the abfolnte purchafe of one or more annuity or annuities, to be paid and payable during the full term of the natural life of fuch perfons, being of the age of forty five years, or upwards, as (hall be nominated by or on the behalf of fuch refpedtive contributors, at the time of payment of their refpe&ive contribution-monies $ which annuity or annuities (hall not exceed the rate of eight pounds per centum per annum for every one hundred pounds, and fo in proportion for any greater or lelfer fum, to be advanced and paid as aforefaid : all which annuities, fo to be purchafed, (hall be payable and paid, by the faid chamberlain of the faid city for the time being, out of the monies to arife by or from the faid rates and afleflments, by four equal quarterly payments; the firft payment to be made to the refpedHve purchafers, or their affigns, at the expiration of the firft quarter after payment of their refpedtive purchafe-monies; the rate whereof (hall be fettled and adjufted by a public fale of the faid annuities, by the faid commiffioners, to the beft bidder for the fame.

LXX. And it is hereby further enabled. That the clerk Cleric to enter of the faid commiffioners for the time being (hall enter in a ^ book or books, to be for that purpofe provided and kept by the -faid commiffioners, all fecurities for monies borrowed, or annuities granted, by virtue or in purfuance of this alt, and all affignments or transfers thereof*, expreffing in words at length the names, fumames, additions, places of abode, and other de-fcriptions, of all fuch perfons as (hall, from time to time, be intitled to fuch fecurities, and the Turns received upon fuch fecurities; and alfo the names, furnames, additions, places of abode, and other deferiptions, of the perfons for whofe lives the faid annuities (hall be refpeftively granted, and the days whereon the faid annuities (hall reflectively be payable; to which book and books the perfon and perfons intitled to and poflefled of fuch annuities, and all and every the perfon or perfons liable to the payment of the faid rates and afleflments,

(hall, at all feafonable times, have accefs, with free liberty to infoedt the fame, without fee or reward.

LXXL And it is hereby further enadted, That all and Annuities not every perfon and perfons who (hall purchafe fuch annuity or liable to taxes, annuities, and (hall duly pay the purchafe-monies for the (ame, at the rates aforefaid, and his, her, or their refpedive executors, adminiftrators, and affigns, (hall have, receive, and enjoy, the refpedtive annuity or annuities fo purchafed, during the term of the natural life or Jives of the perfon or perfons by them refpedtively nominated at the time of fuch

\>»x-

iafi	Anno	fcxto	Georgii III. c. 26.	[1765,

purchafe, and (hall have good, fare, abfolute, and indefeafihic eftates and interefts in rhe faid annuities refpedively, according to the true tenor and meaning of this ad 5 and that none of tbs faid annuities (hall be fubjed or liable to any tax aflefled upon land by authority of parliament; and every fuch "purchafef (hall, upon payment of his or her purchafe-money as afbrdaid, have an order on parchment Or vellum for payment of the annuity or annuities fo purchafed by him or her, for and during the natural life or lives of fuch perfonor perfons as (hall be nominated by him or her as aforefaid ; which order (hall be fign-cd by the faid commiflioners, and after figning thereof, lhail be firm, good, valid, and effedual, in the law, according to the purport and meaning thereof, and of this ad.

Securities LXXII. And it is hereby further enaded, That it (hall and taosfcrrable.	iawfuj	t<> and for any perfon or perfons intitled to any

of the fecurities aforefaid, and his, her, or thein executors, ad* miniftrators, or affigns, at any time or times, by writing under his, her, or their hand or hands refpedively, to afltgn of transfer fuch fecurities, by indorfement On the back thereof, to any perfon or perfons whatfoever, and fo tttin gneties; arid fuch alignments or transfers, after they (hall refpedively be etw tered by the clerk of the faid commiflioners,- in manner afore-(aid (which he is hereby required to do without fee or reward) (hall intitle the perfon or perfons to whom they (ball be refpec-tively made, and his, her, or their refpedive executors, admU niftrators, and afligns, to the benefit of the fecurity or fecurities (b afligned or transferred.

Money bor- LXXlII. And it is hereby further enaded. That all and rowed charged every the fum and fums of money fo to be advanced and lent, m tbe rates, and tbe intereft thereof, and all and every the annuity and annuities, fo to be purchafed, under and by virtue or this ad, (hall be, and they are hereby charged upon, and (hall be paid and payable, from time to nme, out of the monies arifing front the rates and afleflments to be rated and aflefled by virtue and for the purpofea of this ad; and all the perfons who (hall be fo poflefled of fuch fecurities, (hall be creditors in equal degree, without preference in refped of the priority of his, her, or their advancing the money thereon.

LXXIV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enaded and declared. That no perfon who (hall be charged or aflefled towards the rates to be made by virtue or in purfuance of this ad, (hall thereafter be liable to, or charged with, any other rates or afleflments, made or to be hereafter made by virtue or in purfuance of any former ad or ads of parliament, for or towards the paving, deanfing, or enlightening, the faid city and libeities, or any part thereof.

LXXV. Provided alfo, and it is hereby further enaded and declared, That nothing in this ad contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to repeal, annul, or make void, any of the faid rates or afleflments, made or charged by virtue or in purfuance of any fuch former ad or ads of parliament, which 5	(hall

Perfons charg cd towards theft rates, not liable to the former)

but

of former rates ftill recoverable.

127

17^5*3 Anno fexto GeoRqii III. c. 26*

(hall be due and, payable, or in arrear, on the/aid twenty ninth day of September,, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty fix, or any of the remedies, powers, or provifions, given or provided by fuch former a d or alls refpedively, for the colliding, levying, or recovering the fame; but all fuch rates and afleflT-xnents, and all arrears thereof refpedively, which (hall remain or become due and payable on the find twenty ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty fix ; and all the remedies, powers, and provifions, in and by fuch former ad or ads refpedively granted, enaded, or provided, for the collecting, levying, and recovering, the fame refpedively, (hall continue and be in force; any thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding.

LX XVI. And whereas U was by the )aid at1 of the feventeenth year of the reign ef his faid late tnajefly King George the Second, enabled. That if at the expiration of feven yearly it Jhould be found that any furplus Jhould have arifen from the monies collected by virtue of the faid at1, over and above what Jhould have been ijfued and applied in purfuance thereof fuch furplus monies Jhould remain in the chamber of He. faid city of London, to be applied either in aid of the orphans fund, or in abatement or diminution of future rates and ajfejfments, or to be otherwife difpofed of to and for the ufe and benefit of the citizens of London, as they, by any act of common council, Jhould dire ft and appoint: and whereas there is, as this time% flanding in the name of the chamberlain of the faid city, the fum of fix thoufand pounds three per cent, consolidated bank annuities, which were purchafed with or out of the Jurplus monies collected by virtue of the faid laft mentioned aft, over and above what had been ijfued and applied in purfuance thereof; and it will tend to expedite the good purpofes of this prefent aft, if fuch bank annuities, and fuch other furplus as now is, or hereafter may be, in the chamber of London, of the monies collected, or to be collefted, by virtue of the faid former aft, were to be applied towards the carrying on the purpofes aforefaid; therefore it is hereby further enaded and declared.

That the faid .fix thoufand pounds bank annuities, and all fuch surplus raw urpluflesas have arifen, or (hall or may arife, from the monies maining in solicited, or to be colleded, by virtue of the faid ad of the the chamber feventeenth year of his faid late Majefty, and (hall, on the faid	*7

twenty fifth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and ' *' fixty fix, be remaining in the faid chamber of London, over md above what (hall then have been iflued and applied in pur- to be applied finance of the faid laft mentioned ad, (hall and may be applied to this ad. towards the purpofes of this prefent ad, at fuch time or times, and in fuch manner, as the faid commifiioners (hall, from time to time, think fit, order, or dired; and the chamberlain of the faid city for the time being (hall, immediately after the faid twenty fifth day of December, carry the faid fix tnoufand pounds bank annuities, and the amount of the furplus of the faid monies which (hall then be in his hands, to the credit of the account of monies to be colleded and paid into the faid chamber by virtue or in purfuance of this prefent ad.

LXXV11. KtA*

12*

Toll* to be taken at the turnpikes here mentioned on Sundays.

The tolls.

The faid tolls to be taken above, and exclude-of, all other tolls, and to be veiled in the ' mayor, &c.

and to be levied by di-ftreft.

Anno fe*to Geokgii ill. C. 26.	£176$,

LXXVII. And,' to the end and intent that the ufefiil pur pores of this a<5t may be the better and more fpeedily carried in* to execution, and tor and towards inoreafing the rund for defraying the charges of the fame; it is hereby further enafted* That upon and after the firft Sunday next after the pafling of this ad, there (hall be paid to the receiver or receivers, collector or collectors, to be nominated and appointed as herein after mentioned, before any cattle or carriages Shall be permitted to pafs on a Sunday through any or either of the turnpikes here under mentioned, or through any turnpike to be eroded by virtue of this or any other ad or ads of parliament, near the fame, viz. The turnpike at Mile End; the turnpike at Bethnal Green; the turnpike at Hackney; the turnpike at Kxngfiand \ the turnpike at BalTs pound, or pond, Islington; the turnpike at Holloway $ the turnpike at the end of Saint John's Street; the turnpike at the end of Gofwell Street; and the turnpike on the new road, commonly called The City Road; all which turnpikes are in the county of Middlefex \ the following tolls; viz.

. For every coach, chariot, berlin, chaife, chair, calafh, or other carriage, drawn by fix or more horfes, the fum of ten pence.

For every coach, chariot, berlin, chaife, chair, calafh, or other carriage, drawn, by four horfes, the fum of eight pence.

For every coach; chariot, berlin, chaife, chair, calafh, or other carnage, drawn by three or two horfes, the fum of fix pence.

And for every chaife, chair, calafh, or other carriage, drawn by one horfe, the fum of threepence.

For every horfe, mule, or afs, not drawing, the fum of one penny.

Which faid refpedive fumsof money (hall and maybe demand- • cd and taken for and in the name of a ftreet toll, over and above, and exclufive of, all other tolls which are or fhall be authorized to be taken and colleded upon or on account of the . roads, or any of them ; and the monies arifing therefrom fhall be, and are nereby vetted in the faid mayor, commonalty, and citizens, and fhall be difpofed of for the purpofes of this aft: and the faid commiffioners are hereby impowered by them-felves, or by any perfon or perfons by them thereto authorized, to levy the toll, hereby required to be paid, upon any perfon or perfons who fhall, after demand thereof made, negleft or refufe to pay the fame as aforefaid, or to deny or hinder any paflage through the faid turnpikes respectively, until payment theretf; which faid toll fhall and may be levied by diftrefs of any horfe or horfes, or other cattle, upon which the toll is by this aft im-> pofed, or upon any of the goods and chatties of luch perfon of perfons who ought to pay the fame; and all fuch horfes, cattily or goods, may be detained until fuch toll, with the reafonable charges of fuch dittrofs, (hall be paid : and it fhall and may be

lawful

.] Anno fexto GeoRGH III. c. 26.	129

for the perfon or perfons fo diftraining, after the fpace of	*”ay

lys from the time of making and taking fuch diftrefs, to	aftcr

; horfe or horfes, cattle, goods, or chatties, fo diftrained,4 ys* ing to the owner or owners thereof the overplus upon de-after fatisfadtion of the faid toll, and the reafonable charges about making fuch diftrefs, keeping, and fale, (hall be aid and fatisfied.

KVIII. And it is hereby further enadled by the authority CommHfion- ’ id. That it (hall and may be lawful for the faid commit- ers may ereft , if they (hall think proper, at any time or times during turnpikes, &c* itinuance of this adt, to caufe to be eredted any turnpike pikes, at or near all or any of the refpedtive places afore-ned, for the purpofes of colledtine the feveral and refpec-Is hereby made payable; and alio caufe to be eredted or ;d a toll-houfe at or near each turnpike; and, from time r, to remove or alter the fame as they'the faid commif-(hall think expedient: and the right and property of all npikes and toll-houfes to be, from time to time, eredted Turnpikes, wided by virtue of this adt, and the right and property &c* veiled in materials provided for building or repairing the fame,tbc ®ay°r»&c, 5, and are hereby, vetted in the mayor, commonalty, izens; and they are hereby impowered to bring, or caufe rought, any adtion or adtions in the name of the corpo-and to prefer, or order the preferring of indidhnents any perfon or perfons who (hall injure the fame, or any ereof, or ditturb them in the poflettion thereof, or take in, or hold poflettion thereof, after being required by or-the commifftoners to deliver up the fame.

K1X. Provided always, and it is hereby further en- Tolls assy be nd declared, That it (hall and may be lawful for the colledted at and refpedtive receivers or colledtors, and other perfons, ppointed by virtue of this adt, to receive and colledt the y e tolls hereby made payable; and they are hereby autho-nd impowered, for the purpofes of this adt, without the indrance, or moleftation, of any perfon or perfons what-to make ufe of all or any of the gates, turnpikes, and ufes, already eredted, or hereafter to be eredted or con-by virtue or any adt or adts of parliament, at or near the and refpedtive places whereat any toll is hereby autho-o be taken; fo as fuch refpedtive receivers, colledtors, x perfons, do in no wife hinder or interrupt the tranf-of any bufinefs or purpofe, for which fuch turnpikes and ufes were refpedtively eredted or provided.

KX. Provided alfo, and it is hereby further enadted, Thaf Street tdls bn or perfons (hall be liable to pay the faid ftreettoll to be paid but ban once for patting or repafling, any time or times on ne Sunday as aforefaid, with the fame cattle and carriage ; it all and every perfon and perfons, after having paid (uch X as aforefaid, (hall, during the remainder of fuch day,

U-frae, with refpedt to the laid ftreet toll, with the famo pdcOTiagcs, through the gate or turnpike at which any

130	Annofexto	Georgii III. c. 26.	[1765,

fuch toll was paid, and alfo through all other gates and turnpikes whereat the faid tolls are hereby made payable, upon producing a note or ticket denoting the payment of fuch tolls which notes or tickets the collectors of the faid tolls are hereby required to give gratis on receipt of fuch tolls.

Comnuflion* LXXXI. And it is hereby further enafted, That the laid ers may leafe, commifiioners may, and they are hereby impowered, upon ten &c. the tolls. days notice being given in the London Gazette, to leafe or farm, by the year, the tolls by this aft granted, or any part or parts thereof, to any perfon or perfons, at or for the larged yearly fums that can be got for the fame; provided that fuch lettings or agreements be made in writing, and fiened by the perfon or perfons taking or farming any fuch tolls, ana by the hid commifiioners letting the fame, and be not made for more than three years at a time; and that the money that (hall be b agreed to be paid for the faid tolls, (hall be made payable, and fhall be paid, to the chamberlain of the faid city for the time being, by quarterly payments ; and that the perlon or perfons to whom the fame (hall be fo lett, (hall always pay one quarter’s pav in advance; and if any letting or agreement for letting the (aid tolls, or any part or parts thereof, (hall be made, and any default (hall be made in paying the money agreed to be

J>aid, contrary to the true meaning of this aft, then every fuch etting and agreement (hall be void, and the perfon or perfons to whom the faid tolls (hall be lett, (hall be liable to account for the fame, and to have the fame levied and recovered upon and of him or them, in the fame manner as is by this aft directed for the accounting for the faid tolls by the collectors thereof, and for the levying and recovering the fame upon and of them.

afcd appoint ^ LXXXII. And it is hereby further enafted by the autho-officert, rity aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid commiflioners, at any time or times, by any writing or writings, under their hands and feals, to nominate and appoint fuch perfon or perfons to be receiver or receivers, collector or collectors, of the faid refpeftive toils, as they (hall think fit; and all perfons by this aft made liable to pay the faid tolls, or any of them, are hereby required to pay the fame to fuch receiver or receivers, collector or collectors, as aforefaid ; and sill fuch receivers and collectors (hall refpeftively pay the fame into the office of the chamberlain of the faid city, in like manner, and under the like regulations and reftriftions, as are herein before exprefled of and concerning the collecting and paying the who are to ac* rotes and afleffments aforefaid; and (hall alfo upon oath, if count upon	thereunto required by the faid commiflioners conftituted by this

oatiu	aft (which oath the faid commiflioners are hereby authorized

and impowered to adminifter) from time to time give unto the faid Commiflioners, or to fuch perfon or perfons as they (hall appoint for that purpofe, a true, exaCt, and perfeft account in Writing, under their refpeftive hands, of all monies which they, and every, or any of them, (hall to fuch time have received by z	virtue

^ 765.3 Anno fcxto Georgii III. c.26.	131

virtue of this aft: and if any fuch receiver or colleftor (hall notO^**11* refuf* make and render, or (hall refufe to verify upon oath any fuch *c" account, or to make payment as aforefaid, then, or in either of	en-

fuch cafes, it (hall be lawful to or for one or more juftice or quire into the juftices of the peace, and fuch juftice or juftices, upon com- default, plaint to him or them made, is and are hereby authorised and required to make enquiry concerning fuch default, as well by confefllon of the party, as by the teftimony of any credible wit-ncfc or witneftes, upon oath (which oath fuch juftice or juftices is and are hereby impowered and required to adminifter, without fee or reward)$ and if any fuch receiver or collector (hall and commit be convifted of any or either of the offences aforefaid, fuch ju- the offenders dice or juftices (hall commit every fuch offender to the common unt,l WJPP1* :ounty gaol, without bail or mainprize, until he (hall give or ^c^^itl0a make a true and perfect account and payment as aforefaid, or until he (hall have compounded with the (aid commiffioners confuted by this aft, and (hall have paid fuch compofition in fuch manner as they (hall appoint; which compofition the faid com • miflioners are hereby impowered to make 5 and the faid com- Commiffion-miffioners (hall and may, out of the monies arifing by the faid ers to allow tolls, or other wife make fuch allowance unto their receivers and officers (ala-mlleftors, and all other perfons to be employed by or under the [aid commiffioners in the execution of this aft, for their care md pains in their refpeftive offices, as the (aid commiffioners (hall think fit and reafonable.

LXXX1II. And it is hereby further enafted. That if any per- penalty on bn or perfons (hall forcibly or wilfully go or pafs with any norfe, forcibly pafT-Deaft, or carriage, through any turnpike whereat any toll is, by through virtue of this aft, to be paid, without paying fuch toll, or pro- ******&c# luring a note or ticket as aforefaid at fuch turnpike, or (hall cnowingly or defignedly affault, interrupt, or obftruft, any or Sther of the colleftors or perfons employed in the collefting or eceiving any or either 01 the faid tolls, or any otherwife, in the execution of his or their refpeftive office or offices of re-teiver or colleftor; or (hall forge, counterfeit, or alter, or (hall and on giving leliver to, or receive from, any other perfon or perfons, any note or receiving >r ticket, with an intent to avoid the payment of any or either tickets, to.

>f the faid tolls, or any part thereof 5 every perfon lb offend- ment°of Sfr

ng (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of tolls.

ortv (hillings, over and befides fuch damages and puniftunents

is they and every of them refpeftively (hall be liable to bylaw ;

ind it (hall and may be lawful to ana for the faid receivers or

rolleftors, and for every of them, and all other perfons required

>y them to aflift in that refpeft, to feize any horfe or hories,

attic, or goods, belonging to, or in the pofieffion, or under the

are of, any perfon or perfons fo offending in the premifies,

ind to take fuch offenders before any juftice of the peace, and

jefore him to make complaint of fuch offence or offences ; and

iich juftice may, and is hereby required to enquire into the

pipe, as well by examination of the party or parties, as by the

rtimony of any credible witnefs or witneffes upon oath (which

13*	Anno	fexto Georgii III. c. 26.	[1765.

oath fuch juftice is hereby impowered to adminifter without fee or reward) and if the laid juftice (hall fee caufe, to convid the party or parties complained of in the penalty aforefaid ; and for nonpayment thereof, and of the tolls that (hall be due (though the fame (hall not be demanded) by warrant under his hand and feal, to caufe the faid horfeor horfes, cattle, or goodsj to be fold for payment of the faid tolls and penalties, and the charges of feizing and keeping the fame, and of fuch Tale, rendering the overplus, if any there (hall be, to the owner or owners or the faid horfe or horfes, cattle or. goods, or to the perlbn or perfons under whofe care, or in whofe pofleflion, they re-fpe&ively were when fo feized as aforefaid 5 and if no fuch feizure as aforefaid can or (hall be made, then the aforefaid penalties and tolls (hall be levied and recovered by fuch means, and applied in fuch manner, as herein after mentioned. TolUmaybe LXXXIV. And it is hereby further enabled, That it (hiH farmed. and may be lawful to and for the commiftioners of any of the faid turnpikes for the time being, or for any three or more of the commiflioners of each of the faid turnpikes, at any of their public meetings, to treat and agree with the commiflioners con* (touted by this a&, for the taking or farming any of the faid tolls.

ToUs may be LXXXV. And it is hereby further enabled, That the faid commiflioners may, and they are hereby impowered, to borrow an(* ta^e UP at intereft, any fum or Aims of money upon the 1	*	credit	of	the	tolls,	payable	by	virtue of this a<5f; and to aflipi

over the fame, or any part thereof, by any writing or writings under their hands ana feals, the charges of fuch aflignments and conveyances to be paid out of fuch tolls refpe&ively, to any per-fon or perfons who (hall advance or lend their money tliereon, as a fecurity or fecurities for the feveral Turns which (hall be borrowed, and the intereft thereof, as aforefaid : and copies of all Aflignments fuch aflignments and conveyances (hall be entered in a book or to be entered books to be kept for that purpofc, by the clerk for the time be-b°0k‘ ing	comm,ffi°ncrs» an<* an<* evc,7 perfon and per-

ml^be^mmf* fons, to whom fuch aflignments (hall be made, are hereby im-Jpritd. * powered from time to time, to afli&n and transfer their right and intereft by indorfement on the back of their fecurities, in like manner and form, as the fecurities for the monies borrowed on the rates and afleflinents to be made and levied by virtue of this z&y are above directed to be afligned and transferred * and all fuch aflignments and transfers (hall be produced, noticed, and entered, in like manner a9 is above deferibed, with refpe& to the producing notification, and entry, of the aflignments and transfers of the fecurities for fuch rates and aflat merits; and- it (hall not be in the power of any perion who (hall have made any aflignment or transfer of their fecurities on the faid tolls, to make void or difcharge the fame, or any money due thereon; and noperfon or perfous advancing any Turns of money on the credit of the faid tolls, (hall be intitled to anv preference with refpedt to the priority of advapeing any fuck

fum

1765O Anno fexto 6eorgii III. c.26.	133

fum or fums; but all pcrfons to whom any mortgages or af- AH creditors figments fhall be made as aforesaid, (hall be creditors in equal degree one with another, in proportion to the fums therein ^ mentioned.

LXXXVI. And it is hereby further enalled, That all the Monies defied monies to be raifed by virtue of this a H, (hall be, and the fame in the mayor, are hereby verted in the faid mayor, and commonalty, and citi- *c- and applt-zcns of the faid city; and (hall be applied to the purpofes ofcd t0 thls ***• this all, and to and for no other ufe or purpofe whatsoever.

LXXXVII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enad- charges of ed? That the charges and expences of procuring and parting pairing this" this ad, (hall be paid out of the firft monies which (hall be raifed aft, howto be by virtue thereof	P^d.

LXXXVIII. Provided alfo, and it is hereby further enaded,by writings to the authority aforefaid. That no nomination, contrail, bond, be without warrant, judgement, or other writing whatfoever, under the hand itamps. and feal, or hands and feals, of, or only figned by, any com-miflioner or commirtioners conftituted by this all, or any juftice or juftices of the peace, or exhibited before any of them, or under the hand and feal, or hands and feals of, or only figned by, any other perfon or perfons whatfoever, relating to the execution of this all, (hall be chargeable with any duty what-foever.

LXXXIX. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority p ..	,

aforefaid. That all penalties and forfeitures by this all impofea, features " (the manner of recovering and levying whereof is not hereby how to be re-otherwife particularly diredei) (hall be recovered and levied by covered and diftrefs and fale of the offenders goods and chatties, by warrant aPPf,cd* under the hand and feal, or hands and feals, of any one or more juftice of juftices of the peace of the city or place where the offence (hall be committed, or the offender found; which warrant fuch juftice or juftices are hereby impowered and required to grant, upon the confeflion of the party or parties, or upon information of one or more credible witnefs or witneftes, upon oath (which oath fuch juftice or juftices is and are hereby impowered to adminifter) and the penalties and forfeitures, when recovered, after rendering the overplus (if any be) upon demand, to the party or parties whofe goods and chatties fhali be fo di-ftrained and fold (the charges of fuch diftrefs and fale being firft dedulled) fhall be paid to the chamberlain of the faid dty for the time being, and be applied the one half to the informer, and the other half towards the purpofes of this ad; and in cafe fufiicient diftrefs (hall not be found, then it (hall and may be lawful to and for any fuch juftice or juftices, to commit fucn offender to any prifon of the cit^or place within his or their jurifdiHion, without bail or mainprise, for any fpace of time not exceeding :hirty days, nor lefs than ten days.

XfcT And it is hereby further enalled, That no proceedings Proceedings to be had touching the convidion of any offender or offenders not to be igainft this aH, or any order made, or other matter or thing to be done or tranfaded, in or relating to the execution of this want

K3

nor remove* able by Certiorari.

Limitation of actions.

General ifTue.

Treble coRs.

A£b 22 & aj Car. a.

a Will. & Mar

& to, 17, & 33 Geo. 2. in part repealed.

Anno fexto Georgii III. C.26.	[1765^

ad, (hall be vacated or qualhed for want of form, or be re-moved by Certiorari, or any other writ or procefs whatfoever, into any of his Majefty's courts of record at Weflminfltr\ any law or ftatute to the contrary notwithftanding.

XCI. And it is hereby further enaded, That no adion or fuit (hall be commenced againft any perfon or perfons for any thing done in purfuance of this ad, until twenty one clear days notice (hall be thereof given in writing to the clerk for the time being of the commiflioners conflicted by this ad, or after fuffi-cient fatisfadion or tender thereof hath been made to the party or parties aggrieved, or after fix calendar months next after the fad committed, for which fuch adion or adions, fuit or fuits, (hall be fo brought; and every fuch adion (hall be brought, laid, and tried, in the city or county where the caufe of action (hall arife, and not elfewhere; and that the defendant or defendants in fuch adions or fuits, and every of them, may plead the general ifTue, and give this ad, and the fpecial matter, in evidence at any trial or trials which (hall be had thereupon; and that the matter or thing for which fuch adion or adions, fuit or fuits, (hall be fo brought, was done in purfuance and by the authority of this ad : and if the faid matter or thing (hall appear to have been fo done, or if it fhall appear that fuch action or fuit was brought before twenty one clear days notice given as aforefaid, or that fufiicient fatisfadion was made or tendered as aforefaid; or if any fuch adion or fuit (hall not be commenced within the time before for that purpofe limited, or (hall be laid in any other county or place than as aforefaid ; then the jury or juries fhall find for the defendant or defendants therein : ana if the plaintiff or plaintiffs, in fuch adion or adions, fuit or fuits, (hall become nonfuited, or fuffer a difcontinuance of ifuch adion or adions; or if judgement fhall be given for the defendant or defendants therein; then, and in either of the cafes aforefaid, fuch defendant or defendants fhall have treble cods, and (hall have fuch remedy for recovering the fame, as any defendant or defendants may have for his, her, or their cods, in any other cafes by law.

ACII. And it is hereby further enaded and declared. That immediately after the feveral authorities, powers, and provifions, herein before given, granted, eflablifhed, declared, and provided, fhall commence and take effed refpedively, for the purpofes of paving, cleanfing, and enlightening, the faid city, and the liberties thereof, and the other purpofes of this ad, according to the tenor and true meaning thereof; fo much of the faid ad made in the twenty fecond and twenty third years of the reign of the late King Charles the Second, and of the faid ad made in fecond year of the reign of their late majeflies King William . and Queen Maryy as relates to the paving and cleanfing the (Ireets in the faid city of London, and to the preventing of nufances and obftrudions within the fame; and fo much of the faid ad. made in the tenth year of the reign of his late majefty King. 1 George the Second, as relates to the paving the laid (Ireets;

17®5*I Anno fexto Georgii III. c. 27.	r35

and the faid aft made in the feventeenth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, and all the powers, pro-vjfions, claufes, and matters, therein contained; and fo much of the faid aft made in the thirty third year of the reign of his faid late majefty King George the Second, as relates to the re* pairing and relaying fuch pavement in the faid city, as (hall be damaged by the breaking up of the fame to amend or relay any water pipes; (hall be, and the fame is and are refpeftivdy Hereby, repealed and made void.

XCIII. And it is hereby further enafted by die authority publick aft. afore faid, That this aft (hall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be, a publick aft; and be judicially taken notice of as fuch by all judges, juftices, and other perfons whatfoever, without fpedally pleading the fame.

C AP. XXVII.

Am aft to explain, amend, and render more effeftual the powers of an aft made in the thirty third year of the reign of bis late Majefty, intituled, An aft for widening certain ftreets, lanes, and paflages, within the city of London, and liberties thereof; and for open* ing certain new ftreets and ways within the fame; and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

WHEREAS by an ait of parliament made in the thirty p^^ie, re third year of the reign of his late majefty King George the citing j Second, intituled, An aft for widening certain ftreets, lanes, and Geo. 1. paflages, within the city of London, and liberties thereof; and for opening certain new ftreets and ways within the fame$ and for other purpofes therein mentioned; it is enafted, That the * mayor, aldermen, and commons, of the faid city, in common council ajfembled, Jball have power and authority, not only to widen and render more convenient fuch and fo many of the feveral ftreets, lanesi and pajfages, mentioned and deferibed in a Jchedule to the Jaid aft annexed, intituled, Firft Schedule, in manner in the faid Jchedule particularly mentioned, but alfo to defign, make, open, and lay out, fiub new ftreets, ways, and pajfages, in the parts and places particularly mentioned and deferibed in another Jchedule to the faid aft alfo annexed, intituled, Second Schedule, in manner in fuch fecondfche-dule mentioned: and whereas the feveral ftreets, lanes, and pajfages, by the faid aft intended to be widened and rendered more convenient, are mentioned and deferibed in a Jchedule to the faid aft annexed, intituled, Second Schedule, to which the aft refers, and the manner

of widening and rendering the fame more convenient, is particularly mentioned in fuch fecond Jchedule: and whereas the parts and places wherein the feveral new ftreets, ways, and pojfates, are, by the faid

aft, intended to be deftgned, made, opened, and laid out, are particularly mentioned ana deferibed in a Jchedule to the faid aft alfo annexed, intituled, Firft Schedule, to which the aft refers, and the monster of defignlng, making, opening, and laying out the fame, is jbmin mentioned; and whereas doubts have arifen whether the faid

K 4	ftkedules

136	Anno	fexto Georgii III. c. 2/.	[1765.

Schedules ate well and Sufficiently referred to by the feud ai!; and, in	*

confequence thereof \ whether the powers by the faid aft intended /»	«

be vejled in the mayor, aldermen,	commons,	of the faid city of

London, in common council ajfembled, $r /« a committee to be by them appointed, for enabling the mayor, aldermen, ovd commons, 0/	>

faid city, in common council ajfembled\ to ejfeB the purpofes afore-faid, are, £7 faid aft, well and fufficiently vejled in the mayor, tftirr-commons, of the faid city, in common council ajfembled, or in a committee to be by them appointed; £7 reafon whereof the further proftcution of a defign fo ufeful and beneficial to the publick, where* in a cotifuierable progrefs bath been already tnade at the peril and rifyut of the perfons concerned therein, is greatly interrupted, and, if m adequate remedy be not applied, may be wholly laid afide: now, to obviate all doubts in the premitres, and to enable the mayor, aldermen, and commons, of the faid city, in common council aftembled, to effect the faid purpofes of the faid aft, according to the true intent and meaning thereof5 may it pleafe your moft excellent Majefty, that it may be enafted; and be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and qonfent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afTembled, and by the authority of the 1 Mayor, al- fame. That from and after the pafling of this aft, the mayor, clermen, and aldermen, and commons, of the city of London, in common commons, in council afTembled, (hall have, and (hall be deemed to have, wun^dalfcm- Power an<fauthority to defign, make, open, and lay out new bled, im- ftreets, ways, and paftages, in the parts and places particularly powered to mentioned and deferibed in a fchedule to the laid recited act an-make the im- nexed, intituled, Firfl Schedule, to which the aft refers, in man-mentimied^n ncrin fuch fchedule mentioned; and alfo to widen and render the two fche- more convenient the feveral ftreets, lanes, and paftages, parti-dules annexed larly mentioned and deferibed in another fchedule to the faid to the recited^ recited aft alfo annexed, intituled. Second Schedule, to which the a ’	aft refers, in manner in fuch fecond fchedule mentioned.

Provifiont of H. And be it further enafted. That the feveral provifions, former aft, powers, and authorities, of the faid recited aft, which refpeft relating to cither the defigning, making, opening, or laying out, any new n/wftreets, *rcels> ways, or paftages, o\ the widening or rendering more &c. extended convenient any ftreets, lanes, and paftages, not hereby altered to this. or repealed, (hall extend, and be conftrued to extend, to enable the mayor, aldermen, and commons, of the faid city, in common council aftembled, to efTeft the purpofes afbrefatd.

No advantage	And	be it further enafted. That from and after the

to be taken of pafling of this aft, no advantage (hall be taken of any miftake any defeft in or defeft in the faid recited aft, touching any thing in, or in the former aft. reference to the fchedules thereunto annexed, in any court of law or equity, by any perfon whatfoever, againft the mayor, aldermen, and commons, of the faid city, in common council aftembled, their committees, agents, workmen, officers, fer-vants, or perfons afting by or under their authority, or any pther perfon whatfoever.

| V. And vfhereas in and by the faid recited afl, the court of mayon

*37

1765.] Anno fcxto GeoRGii III. c. 27:

tnd aldermen of the faid city, are impowered and authorized to iffue ertain warrants and precepts, and to proceed thereon in manner therein expreffed, and to do feveral other afts: and whereas doubts have arifen whether the powers and authorities thereby vefled in the tmert of mayor and*aldermen of the faid city, may be lawfully exer-ifed by the court of mayor and aldermen of the faid city to be holden m the outer chamber of the Guildhall of the faid city, according to the cuftom of the city: and whereas it would greatly facilitate the execution of the faid aft, if the faid lafl mentioned court had all the Powers and authorities by the faid aft vefled in the court of mayor and aldermen of the faid city; be it enacted by the authority afore-Sud, That from and after the palling of this alt, the laid court Powers vetted of mayor and aldermen of the faid city, to be holden in the >n the court outer chamber of tht Guildhall of the laid city, according to aldermen *0 the cuftom of the faid city, lhall be, and are hereby impowered be holden in and authorized to iftue all fuch warrants or precepts as aforefaid, the outer l&d to proceed thereon as aforefaid, and to do all other alts which chamber of the court of mayor and aldermen of the faid city might lawfully lhc aty* do by virtue of the faid recited aft and of this alt, fubjelt ne-jerthelefs to the alterations, reftriltions, and provifions, herein contained.

V. And whereas the prpvifms of the Jaid recited aft have been found to be defective, in cafes where perfons feifed or pojfeffed of, or interefted, or claiming any inter eft in lands, tenements, or hereditaments, necejfary to be pur chafed for the purpojes of the faid aft, have not produced and evinced a clear title to their refpeftive interefts by them claimed, to the fatisfaftion of the mayor, aldermen, and commons, of the faid city, in common council affembled, or of the perfon or perfons by them authorized or appointed, according to the direftions of the faid aft: now for remedy in the premises, and to provide for the fpeedy decifion of all controverfies touching the title to any fuch lands, tenements, or hereditaments, be it further enalted. That from and after the palling of this alt, *	^

when and as often as in any of the cafes above mentioned a thevalue of jury lhall be impanelled, returned, and fworn, according to the land, See. direltions of the faid recited alt, fuch jury lhall enquire of and aflefs the value of fuch lands, tenements, and hereditaments, and the proportionable value of the refpeltive eftate and intereft of any perfon claiming any eftate or intereft therein, or in any part tnereof; and the court of mayor and aldermen (hall thereupon give judgement, that the fum or fums of money foto be aflellea be the value of fuch lands, tenements, and hereditaments, and of fuch eftates or eftate, interefts or intereft; and the verdilt and judgement as aforefaid (notice having been duly given according to the directions of the faid recited alt) (hall be. binding and conclulive as to value, as well againft the King’s majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, as againft every other perfon, bodies politick and corporate whatfoever ; and it lhall be lawful Purchafe rao-for the court of mayor and aldermen, to order the fum fo to be W ^fiefled as and for the value of fuch lands, tenements, and he- jS^enameof jpdittments, to be paid into the bank of England, in the name the accompt-

ij$	Anno	fexto	Georgii	III.	c.27.	[1765*

and with the privity of the accomptant general of the high court of chancery, to be placed to his account, to the credit of the parties interefted in fuch lands, tenements, or hereditaments, defcribing them, fubje& to the order, controul, and difpofition, of the faid court of chancery; which faid court of chancery, on the application of any perfon or perfons making claim to fuch Aim, by motion or petition, (hall be, and is hereby impowcr-ed, in a fummary way of proceeding, or otherwife, as to the faid court (hall Teem meet, to order diftribution thereof according to the refpe&ive eftates or eftate, title, or intereft, of the perfon or perfons making claim thereunto, of, in, or to, fuch lands, tenements, and hereditaments, to be made appear to, and to be declared by, the faid court, and according to the value thereof, afiefted as aforefaid ; and to make fuch other order in the premifles, as to the faid court (hall feem juft and tea-fonable.

Premifles VI. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, thereupon That immediately from and after fuch verdidt, judgement, and veiled in the order, of the faid court of mayor and aldermen, and payment mayor, &c. into the bank as aforefaid, all the eftate, right, title, inteteftj ufe, truft, property, claim, and demand, in law or equity, as well of the King’s majefty, his heirs and fucceftbrs, as of all and every perfon, bodies politick or corporate whatfoever, of,, in, to, or out of, fuch lands, tenements, or hereditaments, (hall veft in the mayor, and commonalty, and citizens, of the (aid city of London; and they (hall be deemed in law to be in the actual feiiin and pofleflion thereof, to all intents and purpofes whatfoever; any thing in the faid recited aft to the contrary notwithftanding.

VII.	And whereas the provision made in and by the faid recited at?, for preventing the fatal ejfetts of fire within the faid city and liberties, hath not been found Jufficient to anfwer the purpofes thereby Party walls,	intended,be it therefore	cnadted by the authority aforefaid, That

within the ci- all party walls which, from ana after the expiration of three Lo*T* ca^en^ar months next after the palling of this aft, (hall be ereft-d'on^to be* or huilt within the faid city, or liberties thereof, (hall be two built at here bricks and an half thick, at leaft, in the cellar ftory; and two directed. bricks thick upwards to the top above the tiling; and to rife nine inches at leaft above the tiling of the roof; and that the fame (hall be built of ftone, or of good, (bund, hard, well burnt bricks, and none other: and alfo, that from and after the expiration of the faid three calendar months, no fort of linthaling, bond timber, or any other timbers whatfoever, except the timbers of the roof, the girders, and templets not mpre than three feet in length under the ends of the faid girders, the ends of trimmers, and the ends of joifts, (hall be laid into the party walls, that may be crefted or built within the faid city and liberties; and tlift the ends of girders, ends of trimmers, ana the ends of joifts, lying within fach party walls, (hall not exceed one foot5 and that none of the ends of the girders, trimmers, or ends of joifts, in adjoining houfes, (hall m«ct, or be laid oppofite to each other j

and

-a

5.3 Anno fexto Georgh IIL c. 2 f.

*39

that the fides thereof {hall be at lead nine inches diftant n each other; and that in cafe the ends of joifts (hall happen ie in the party walls, then, inftead of timber linthaling, fcant-I of Portland done, nine inches wide and five inches thick,

1 be laid in the party walls upon which the ends of the joids I red: and if any perfon or perfons (hall offend in the pre-fcs, he, (he, or they, (hall forfeit for every fuch offence, the 1 of forty pounds ; to be recovered, with cods of fuit, by any Ton who will fue for the fame, by adlion of debt, bill, plaint, nformation, in any of his Majedy’s courts of record at Wejl-fiery or within the faid city, in which adlion, no efloin, proion, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance (hail be •wed; one moiety of fuch forfeiture, when recovered, to be i and delivered to the treafurer of Chrijl Hcfpitaly to be em-ycd towards the relief of the poor children to be brought and maintained in the faid holpital, and the other moiety reof to the perfon who (hall fue for the lame. mi. And be it further enadled, That all and every thepowmof vers, claufes, provifoes, matters, and things, contained in the mer aft, fo I recited adl, (hall, fo far as they, or any of them, are appli- fara? are >le to this prefent adl, be extended to, and be in full force, tcmlldtothisl I executed as well for thepurpofes of this adl, as of the faid mer adl, as amply and effedlually as if the fame were in and this adl exprefly re-enadted, and declared to take effedl and in force.

!X, Provided always, and be it further enadled, That no Proceedings didl, judgement, or other proceeding, under or by virtue of q^s&edlbr s adl, (hall be qua(hed, vacated, or dUcharged, tor want of 0fforms

"ertiorariy or other- or removeable

L	„	YJ	adlion	(hall	be	Limitation

night, or fuit commenced againft any perfon or perfons, for a&loas. f thing done in purfuance of this adl, in relation to the pre-fles, or any of them, fuch adlion or fuit (hall be laid or brought thin fix calendar months next after the fadldone, and (hallhe d or brought in the city of Londony and not elfewhere: and 5 defendant or defendants in fuch adlion may plead the ge- Gcnc*al KTue. ral iflue, and give this adl, and the fpecial matter, in evince at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was ne in purfuance and by the authority of this adl; and if the ne (hall appear to have been fo done, or if any fuch adlion or t (hall not be brought within the time before limited, or (hall brought in any other county or place than as aforefaid, then t jury (hall find for the defendant or defendants; or if the untiff or plaintiffs (hall become nonfuited, or fuffer a difeon-luance of his, her, or their adlion or adlions, or if a verdidt all pals againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the faid defendant or fendants (hall have treble cods, and (hall have fuch remedy Treble colli, r recovering the lame as any defendant or defendants hatn have for cods in other cafes by law.

by Certiorari.

XL And

Anno fexto Georgii III. c. 28.	[1765.

XI.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That this a<5t (hall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be, a publick alt, and be judicially taken notice of as fuch, by all judges, juftices, and other perfons whatfoever, without fpecially pleading the fame.

CAP. XXVIII.

An aft to prohibit the importation of foreign wrought Jilks and velvets^ for a limited time\ and for preventing unlawful combination* of workmen employed in the filk mono* failure.

WHEREAS great quantities of foreign wrought fills and velvets are daily brought into and fold in Great Britain, to the prejudice of the fill manufacture of theft kingdoms: for redrefs whereof, it is expedient that the importation of fuch goods into Great Britain, and the ijlands of Jerfey, Guernfey, Alderney, Sark, and Man, Jhould be prohibited for a limited time; be It therefore enacted by the King’s molt excellent majefty, by and with Ac advice and confcnt of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the From and af- authority of the fame. That from and after the fourteenth day 1766, no^ 7une> onc thoufand feven hundred and fixty fix, no foreign foreign wrought filks or velvets (hall be imported or brought into wrought filks Great Britain, or the iflands of Jerfey, Guernfey, Alderney, Sark% or Matt) upon pain of being feized and forfeited, and upon the on pen^wof furthcr penalty of one hundred pounds of lawful money of formture^and Great Britain, to be paid by the importer thereof, for each piece 100 lj	or remnant fo imported, together with cofts of fuit.

nor may any	H* And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That

fuch be fold, from and after the faid fourteenth day of June> one thouiand or expofed to feven hundred and fixty fix, no mercer, haberdafher, upholder, (ale, exchang- mantua-maker, milliner, taylor, or other perfon or perfons or worked up, whatfoever, (hall vend, utter, fell, or Cxpofe to fale, or ex-(not being im-change, barter, truck, or otherwife difpofe of, any foreign ported before wrought filk or velvet, wove, wrought, fabricated, or manu-the (aid time) fedured, in foreign parts, and which (hall not have been imported before the fourteenth day of Juney one thoufand feven hundred and fixty fix, or few, work, or make up, the fame, for, in, or upon, any garment, or wearing apparel or furniture what-on penalty of foever; upon pain that all and every fuch foreign wrought filk forfeiture or velvet, garment or garments, or furniture, or other work thereof, &c. made thereof, fo fold, or expofed to fale, exchanged, bartered, trucked, or difpofed of, or fewed, worked, or made up, for, in, or upon, any garment, or wearing apparel or furniture, or other work, and the garment, wearing apparel, furniture, or other materials, in, with, or upon which the fame (hall be fo fewed, wrought, or made up, (hall be feized and forfeited; and all and every perfon and perfons who (hall vend, utter, fell, or expofe to fale, exchange, barter, truck, or difpofe of, or knowingly few, work, or make up, or caufe or procure to be fewed, wrought, or made up, for, io, or upon, any garment, or wearing

140

Publick a&.

Preamble.

*4i

1765.] Anno fcxto Georgii III. c. 28.

ing apparel or furniture, or other work, any fuch foreign wrought (ilk or velvet, wove, wrought, fabricated, or manufactured, in foreign parts, and not imported before the faid fourteenth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty .	.	..

fir, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of one hun-*"ft|'£f dred pounds of lawful money of Great	,	together	with

cods of fuit.

III.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, The faid That all foreign wrought filk or velvet, or other work made good* may be thereof, wove, wrought, fabricated, or manufactured, in foreign ‘e'"e<** parts, which after the faid fourteenth day of , one thoufand feven hundred and fixty fix, (hall be imported into this kingdom, or into Jerfey, Guernfey, Sari, or Man, whether- the fame (hall be mixed with, fewed on, or made up

with, any other goods or materials, or otherwife, and the apparel, garment, or furniture, or other materials, in, with, or upon, which the fame (hall be mixed, fewed, or made up, may be feized, and, after condemnation, (hall be forfeited; and the and the vend-nercer, haberdafher, upholder, mantua-maker, milliner, taylor,^’ *FC: l°_<. >r other dealer in, or vender or maker up of any of the faidg*heftme nanafaCtures, in whofe houfe, warehoufe, cuftody, or pofle(fion,ihall be found :he fame (hall be found and feized, being thereof convicted, hall, for every piece or remnant of fuch foreign filk or velvet, w other work made thereof, that (hall be feized and found a his, her, or their houfe, (hop, warehoufe, cuffody, or pof-effion, as aforefaid, and which (nail have been brought, placed, ar continued there, with his, her, or their knowledge, privity, arconfent, forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds of lawful J00k money of Great Britain, together with cofts of fuit.

IV.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid. Seizure to be That forthwith after the feizure of any fuch foreign wrought depofited in filks or velvets, or other works made thereof as aforefaid, or°"e°fthc as foon after as conveniently may be, the fame (hall be fent ware" to, and depofited in one of the King’s warehoufes belonging ’

to the cuftom-houfe at London; and all and every fuch foreign an(j to be free wrought filks and velvets may, from time to time, be viewed to infpeftion; and infpeCted by any perfon or. perfons on behalf of the pro- ‘ fecutor or profecutors, or of the perfon or perfons intereffed in, or claiming the (aid filks and velvets; and the comrniffion-era of his Majefty's cuftoms are hereby required to make and give fufficient orders, from time to time, for that purpofe;M1jtobepub. and after condemnation thereof, in due courfe of the law, alliickly fol * and every fuch filks and velvets (hall be publickly fold to the after con. bed advantage for exportation by the candle; and one moiety°^Lto of the produce or monev arifipg by the fale of fuch filks or ^ ^ velvets, (hall be to the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs, and fuc-portatioa;* ceflors, and the other moiety thereof to the ufe of the officer or officers who (hall feize and fecure the fame; and no fuch foreign wrought filks or velvets (hall be confumed or ufed .in this kingdom, or in Jerfey, Guernfey, , Sark, or Man, hot (ball -be exported again to fome port or place beyond the

. feas.

142	Anno	ftxto	Georgii	III.	c.a8.	[1765.

feas, and (hall not be fold otherwife than on condition to be for which fe- exported as aforefaid 5 and fuch filks and velvets (hall not be curity is to be delivered out of the warehouse or place wherein the fame (hall deliver^ofthe ^avc been lecurc^? until fufficient fccurity be firft given to the goodie^ of * King’s majefty, his heirs, and fucceffors, which the commiflion-the ware- ers of his Majefty’s cuftoms are hereby impowered and ie-houfe.	quired to take, that the fame and every part thereof (hall be

exported as aforefaid, and not landed again in any part of Greet Certificate to Britain, or Jerfey, Gucrnfey, Alderney, SarJt, or Man \ which be returned of feCurities (hall be difeharged without fee or reward, upon cer-tion^o^pr^f l^cate returned under the common feal of the chief magistrate made of the in any place or places beyond the Teas, or under the hands and goods being feals of two known Englijb merchants at fuch place, that the taken, or h^v- goods were there landed, or upon proof by two credible per-aUcT* Cd ^ns ^at gooc*8 were ^ten by enemies, or perifhed in the 1 feas, the examination and proof thereof being hereby left to the judgement of the faid commiflionersj which comoiiffioners are hereby impowered and required, from time to time, to call upon the perfon or perfons who have entered into fuch fecurity, otherwife the to produce fuch certificate, or proof as aforefaid; and in default of producing fuch certificate, or proof to the fatisfadion of the fuit. P fa>d commimoners, fuch fecurities to be put in fuit and profe-cuted, by order of the faid commifiioners, againft the peribn or perfons who (hall fo make default, in fuch manner as offences of the like kind are fued or profecuted by any law or ftatute of this realm.

Recoveiy and application of tne penalties and iorfei-tores.

Officer neglecting to pro-fecute for any pecuniary penalty,

any other perfon may fue for and re*

V.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That all pecuniary penalties and forfeitures, by this ad im-pofed, (hall and may be fued for and recovered by adion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s coons of record at fVeJiminfter3 or in the court of exchequer in Scot* land, or in the royal courts of Jerfey and Guernfey, or in any courts to be holdcn in his Majefty’s name, or by virtue of his authority, in the Ijlc of Alan, refpedively, where the offence (hall be committed, together with cods of fuit, in the name of his Majefty’s attorney general, or in the name of his Majefty’s advocate in Scotland, or in the name or names of fome officer or officers of the cuftoms; wherein no effoin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed ; and that one moiety of every fqph penalty and forfeiture (hall be to the ufe of the King’s majefty, his heirs, and fuc-ceflbrs; and the other moiety thereof, to fuch perfon or perfons who (hall fue or profecutc for the fame.

VI.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That if kny officer or officers of the cuftoms ftiall negled or refute, for the fpace of one month after the condemnation of fuch goods, to profecute to effect any perfon or perfons for any pecuniary penalty or forfeiture by this ad in Aided upon offenders againft the fame; that then, and in every fuch cafe, it (hall be lawful for any perfon or perfons whomfoever to fue for, profecute, and recover, the refpedive pecuniary penalties or forfeitures by this

ad



7^5*J Anno (btoGsoRGH III. c.28.	143

9 maided, in like manner as is herein before direded with cover the jgard to the officers of the cuftoms; and one moiety of the fame* ad relpedive forfeitures, when recovered, lhall, in fuch cafe, pad be applied to the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs, and fuc-efibrs; and the other moiety, to the perion or perfons who U1 fee or profecute for the fame refpedively.

, VII. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid; Wh^re/.t.^ie, Tint if any fuch foreign wrought iilks or velvets lhall |focd by virtue and in purfuance of this ad, and any doubt or pr^Ved by the a' (hall arife where the fame were manufadured, the owner, &c.

jnof lhall lie upon the owner or claimer of fuch goods, or the be manu-

en profecuted for being guilty of an offence again!! this ad, Britain not upon the profecutor or profecutors, plaintiff or plain- the court * j and in cafe no proof lhall be given and fully made to the lhall deem "	of the court where fuch fuit or profecution lhall bethe™ °f

that fuch filks or velvets were manufadured in f Britain, then the fame lhall, without any farther probe taken and held to have been manufadured out of Britain, and contrary to, and in violation of, this ad; flaw, ulage, or cuftom, to the contrary notwithftanding. llL Provided always, That nothing in this ad contained The wearer 1 extend, or be connrued to extend, to inflid any penalty l fee wearer of fuch foreign wrought filk or velvet, or other fumtoire ■k made thereof, or the owner of any furniture made there- made thereof, jf; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any not liable to (wile notwithftanding.	forfeit.

kjX. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Cofts to beat-fat upon every adion, bill, plaint, or information, entered, l°w<^ in all td,and profecuted, for any pecuniary penalty impofed by this I, cofts Hull be allowed, ana attend the event of fuch fuit or hfecuuonon either fide; for which the parties lhall have the It mnedy as in other cafes where cofts are allowed to plain-j|kor defendants.

,1 And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. Proof, whet* ft* m every fuit or profecution for recovery of the pecuniarythe good*

( ferities impofed by this ad, the proof where the goods were 9 fefeafturcd (hall lie upon the perfon profecuted, and not ue on the | fen the profecutor; ana in cafe the goods, on account of perfon prole* Mi fern fuit or profecution lhall be commenced; (hallcuted* mc bccn condemned in courfe of law, when fuch fuit or pro- Judgement of I feabOQ for the pecuniary penalty is brought to trial, the judge- condemnation . fettof fcch condemnation lhall be admitted and allowed to K00*1* ktfeta a evidence, that fuch goods, fo feized and condemned, emirtethe°

I feK pot manufadured ^ in Great Britain, fo as to intitle the profecutor to pfeff or profecutor, in fuch fuit or profecution, to recover recover. fejBukici and forfeitures by this ad impofed; and the proof jfefe judgement or condemnation to be made, given, and :P***d» in focb and the like manner, as proof of judgeooents 2?f of his Majefty’s courts of record at Wtftminjitr, in other afeally made, given, and allowed, in any of the faid md not ptherwile; any law, ulage, or cuftom, to the I «P»yiWiriihftandiiig.

I	XI,	And

144	Anno	fexto Georgii HI. C.28-	£	1765.

Commence- XL And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, tinuance* ^at this aft (hall commence and take place from and after the thUafb*0	fourteenth	day	of June, one thoufand feven hundred and

fixty fix; and (hall continue and be in force for the fpace of five years, and from thence to the end of the then next fcfiion of parliament, and no longer.

Limitation of XU* Provided always, and it is hereby enafted and declared, actions. That all informations, bills, actions, and fuits, that fhall be had, brought, commenced, fued, or exhibited, for any forfeiture or offence committed againft this aft, (hall and may be had, brought, commenced, (ueJ, and exhibited, within twelve calendar months after the difeovery of fuch offence; and, in cafe of feifure and condemnation, within fix calendar months after judgement of condemnation (hall be obtained thereon.

Certain goods XIII. Provided always, and be it further enafted by the not within the authority aforefaid. That nothing in this aft contained (hall extent of this extend, or be conftrued to extend, to any wrought filk or velvet ***•	which	lhall	be manutaftured in, and imported from, the Eafi

/ Indies*) or to any filk crapes, or tiffanies, of themauufafture of Italy.

XIV.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon or perfons (hall be fued or profecuted for any thing done in purfuance of this aft, he or they may plead General iflue. the general iflue, and give this aft, and the fpecial matter, in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon; and that the fame was done in purfuance and by the authority of this aft: and if it (hall appear to have been 10 done, then the jury (hall find for the defendant or defendants : and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall become nonfuit, or difeontinue his, her, or their aftion or actions, after the defendant or defendants (hall have appeared ; or if judgement (hall be given upon any ver-didt or demurrer againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the de-Treble cods, fondant or defendants (hall have treble cofts, for which they (hall have the like remedy, as defendants have in other cafes by law where cofts are allowed to defendants.

Recital of XV. And whereas by an all made in the twelfth year of bis i^Geo^re- madefiy King George the Firft, intituled, An aft to prevent unlaw-fating to1 the" fai combinations of workmen employed in the woollen manu-wooiten ma- faftures, and for better payment of their wages; there is eon* imfafture. t(lined a claufe, whereby it is enabled. That if any perfon or perfons /ball, by day or by night, break into any houfe or /hop, or inter by force into anyuhoufe or /hop, with intent to cut or defray any firge, or other woollen goods, in the loom, or any tools employed in the making thereof; or /hall wilfully and malicioufly cut or defray any fuch forges, or woollen goods, in the loom, or on the rack 5 or /hall burn, cut, or deforoy, any rack, on which any fuch ferges, or other woollen goods, are hanged in order to dry ; or /hall wilfully and malicioufly break or ie/lroy any tools ufed in the making any fuch forges, or other woollen goods, not having the confent of the owner foo to do, every fuch offender, being thereof lawfully convibted, Aall be adjudged guilty of felony, and /ball fluffer death, as in cafes of feieny, without benefit of elergyand whims it is ntuffary and

expo*

765*] Anno fcxto Georgii III. c. 29.	145

tpodient	that	theprovifion contained in the	clauft Jhould The provi-

rnded to the Jilk manufacture of this kingdom; be it therefore fions in the naCted by the authority aforeiaid, That if any perfon or per- recited claufe ms (hall, by day or by night, break into any houfe or (hop, or Sefflk mami* liter by force into any houfe or (hop, with intent to cut or de- fafturc.

:roy any velvet, wrought filk, or filk mixed with any other and offenders

iSterials, 0r other (ilk manufacture, in the loom, or any warp *r*L,ul’|e^,to

r (hute, tools, tackle, or utenfils; or (hall wilfully and malici- jj”1

ufly cut or deftroy any velvet, wrought lilk, or filk mixed with felony, with-

ny other materials, or other filk manufaCture, in the loom, or out benefit of

ny warp or (hute, tools, tackle, or utenfils, prepared or em- clergy.

iloyed in or for the making thereof j or (hall wilfully and ma-

icioufly break or deftroy any tools, tackle, or utenfils, ufed in

ir for the weaving or making any fuch velvet, wrought filks,

ir filks mixed with any other materials, or other filk goods, or

ilk manufacture, not having the content of the owner fo to

lo; every fuch offender, being thereof lawfully convicted, (hall

te adjudged guilty of felony, and (hall fuffer death, as in cafes

if felony, without benefit of clergy.

CAP. XXIX.

<tn	abb,to prevent the fraudulent marking of frame-work	*	<

knitted pieces, and Jlockings.

WHEREAS ptrfons employed in the frame-work knitted manufactures, do often mark their goods to denote the fame is be made with a greater number of threads than fuch manufactures ure really made	of.\to the great impofition of the , and difcredit

jfthe faid manufactures at foreign markets : therefore, to prevent die like impontions and deceits for the future, may it pleafe tour Majefty, that it may be enaCted; and be it enaCted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prcfent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame.

That from and after the twenty fourth day of , one thou- Prom and af-and feven hundred and fixty fix, all frame-work knitted pieces,ter *4 Jjjne* and dockings made of thread, cotton, worfted, or yarn, or of framework my mixture of all or any of the faid materials, or of any ma- knitted pieces terials of any other kind or nature whatfoever (except fuch as and dockings (hall be made of filk only) which (hall contain three or more threads, (hall be marked with the fame number of ilet-holes, and no more, as there are threads contained in each piece co„tt;„. ar pair of fuch goods and manufactures; and fuch ilet-holes three or more (hall be made in a plain and diftinCt manner in one direct line, threads ara »r in the fame courfe, and (hall not exceed the diftance of three t0.be narked nches from the two extream ilet-holes; and no fuch ilet-holes	of”*

ball be made or placed within the diftance of four inches of jiet-holesj and my letter, figure, mark, or other device, which (hall be put or no more,’in proven in any fuch goods or manufactures ; and-all fuch ilqt-^manner ttero bales (hall be made within four inches of the top or end of nay fuch piece or pair of fuch goods and manufactures; and bat bo ilet-hole, or imitation thereof, (hall be made or put in Vo u.XXVII.	L	asw

>46

Anno fexto GsoRGH 1IL C. 29;	[1765.

any frame-work knitted piece or pair of (lockings upon any account or pretence whatfoever, except as herein before directed by this aCt.

Provifion with II. Provided always. That nothing herein contained (hall ex-ftiped to tb« tend, or be conftrucd to extend, to prevent any manufacturers of ftoctog^* ^rom remnants* or materials of any fort, in the welts and ** tops of (lockings only, at any diftance not exceeding three inches from the top although the famo (hall not contain fo great a number of threads as are contained in the legs of fuch . (lockings.

Matters,tec.	HI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid,

tnil markinz That from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one thou-their gcKnls, * land feven hundred and fixty fix, if any matter frame-work in manner knitter or matter holier, or any other perfon, (hall make or above direft- work, or (lull caufe or procure to be made or wrought, any frame-work knitted goods or manufactures of any of the materials aforefaid, or any mixture thereof (except fuch as (hall be made of (ilk only) without being duly and truly marked in the manner before directed; every fuch mailer frame-work knitter, or matter-hofier, or other perfon fo offending, and being thereof convicted in manner herein after mentioned, (hall refpcCtively forfeit 5K and forfeit and pay the fum of five pounds for every piece of fuch the goods. frame-work knitted goods, or pair of (lockings, fo made, or caufed or procured to be made, which (hall not be duty and truly marked according to the directions of this aCt; and (hill alfo forfeit and lofe all fuch frame-work knitted pieces and dockings.

Journeymen, IV. Provided alwavs, That the penalty of five pounds herein &c. not mak- before mentioned, (nail not be conftrued to extend to any journeyman, apprentice, fervant, or perfon, not making fuch account, ex-. g°°^s or manufactures on his own account, eepted$ ’	V.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid,

who are liable That if any journeyman, apprentice, fervant, or other perfon, t9 forfeit not employed in making any frame-work knitted manufactures, not’ at t‘mc	ma^e	any	frame-work	knitted

nw than	or pajr 0f ftockings, duly aqd truly mark every fuch piece

and pair according to the directions of this aCt, and the true intent and meaning thereof; every fuch journeyman, apprentice, fervant, or other perfon, fo offending, and being thereof convicted in manner herein after mentioned, (hall refpeCtively forfeit and pay any fum not exceeding the fum of forty (hillings, nor lefs than five (hillings, for each and every piece of framework knitted goods, or pair of (lockings, which every fuch journeyman, apprentice, fervant, or other perfon, (hall rcfpec-tively make, and (hall not mark in manner before directed. unJefs they VI. Provided always, That if any journeyman, apprentice, make it ap- or fervant, or other perfon, employed in making any frame-they work knitted manufactures, (hall make it appear, to the fatif-ingCt6athedi* fa&i°n of the juftice before whom he (hall be brought, that troion of their fuch frame-work knitted pieces, or (lockings, fo by him unduly matter* 5 iQ marked, was fo marked by direction of his matter, or the per*

foa

J Anno fexto Georgii III. c 29.	14?

f whom he was employed; that then, and in every fuch which cafe jeh journeyman, apprentice, or fervant, or other perfon,	c*“

>e exempted from any penalty or forfeiture for fuch p

5.

. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, From ^ ^m from and after the twenty fifth day of Marche one thou- ter *5 March, wen hundred and fixty eight, if any frame-work knitter, *76*, perfons or other perfon, (hall fell, or expofe to fale, any frame-	to

cnitted piece, or pair of (lockings, made of all or any of fa]e any fuch )refaid materials, or of any mixture thereof (except fuch goods not be-1 be made of filk only) which (hall not be duly and truly mg duly and* d in manner herein before direfted; every (uch hofier,	j	^

her perfon, fo offending, and being thereof convifted in pjccc> *** x herein after mentioned, (hall forfeit and pay the. fum of r >unds for every frame-work knitted piece, and for every ’ (lockings, fo fold, or expofed to fale, which (hall not be id truly marked according to the directions of this aft$ an®“eP°wl all alfo forfeit and lofe all luch frame-work knitted pieces, ckings, fo by him fold, or expofed to fale.

L Provided always, and be it further enafted by the except they ity aforefaid, That if, at any time after the twenty fifth difeover the March, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty eight, any behalf be** (hall be profecuted by virtue of this aft, for felling, or convifted, and ig to fale, any frame-work knitted goods or manufaftures* become liable mall not be duly and truly marked according to the di- t0 thepeniltyi 3 of this aft, and (hall difeover the vender or feller f, fo as fuch vender or feller (hall be convifted, and be-liable to the penalties and forfeitures laid and inflifted t aft; then, and not otherwife, the perfon fo profecuted ing or expofing fuch frame-work knitted goods or manu-s to fale, (hall be, and is hereby difeharged from any in which cafe / or forfeiture laid or inflifted by this aft; any thing in	cx"

t to the contrary notwithftanding.	cmpt *

And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Method of it (hall and may be lawful for any one or more juftice or conviction, s of the peace for the county, riding, divifion, city, town;

:e, where any offence (hall be committed againft this aft,

□(lice not being a frame-work knitter, hofier, or a pro-*

1 of frames made ufe of in the weaving or frame-work

I goods or manufactures, to convift the party or parties

ing, upon the oath of one or more credible witnefs or

fes (which oath fuch juftice or juftices are hereby im-

zd and required to adminifter) and, upon fuch con- an<j recovery

1,	in cafe fuch penalties or forfeitures (hall not be of the penalty.

ith paid, to ifiiie a warrant or warrants under his or their

ind fcal, or hands and feals, to levy and recover the faid

ive penalties and forfeitures by diftrefs and fale of the

ers goods and chatties, rendering the overplus (if any

hall be) after dedufting the charges of fuch diftrefs and p	*

0 the owner or owners thereof; and in cafe no goods diftrSTthe ittlcs of the party or parties fo offending can be found, offenders to bt La	OT

*4*	Anno fexto Georgii IIL c. 29.	[176$.

or there (hall not be goods or chatties fufficient to pay fuch pe-j nalties and forfeitures, any one or more of fuch juftices of the peace (hall, upon proof thereof made upon oath (which oath he and they is and are hereby impowered and required to admi-nifter) before him or them, by the perfon or perfons who (hall have the execution of fuch warrant or warrants, commit the party or parties offending to the common gaol of the county, riding, divifion, city, town, or place, where the offence (hall be committed, there to remain without bail or mainprize for any time not exceeding three months, unlefs fuch penalties and forfeitures (hall be fooner paid and fatisfied; and all penal-AppUcaHonof ties anj forfeitures afbrefaid (hall go and be applied, one the penalties,	to	the ufe of the informer or informers, and the other

moiety to the ufe of the poor of the parifh, town, or place, where fuch offence (hall have been committed.

Perfons ag- X. Provided always, and be it further cnafted by the autho-grieved may rity aforefaid. That if any perfon (hall think himfelf or herfelf appeal to the aggrieved by any thing done in purfuance of this aft, fuch per-guarter fef- f0n may appeal to the juftices of the peace, at any general quar-*	ter feflions of the peace to be held for the county or place

wherein the caufe of complaint (hall arife; fuch appellant giving ten days notice in writing of his or her intention of bringing iuch appeal, to fuch juftice or juftices before whom he or (he (hall have been convifted; and, within two days after fuch notice, entering into a recognizance before fome juftice of the peace for fuch county or place, with two fufficient fure-ties, conditioned, to try iuch appeal at fuch quarter feflions; and the faid juftices, at the laid feflions, upon due proof of (uch notice given as aforefaid, and of the entering into fuch recognizance, (hall hear and finally determine the caufes and matters of fuch appeal in a fummary way, and award fuch cofts to the parties appealing, or appealed againft, as they the faid whofe deter- ju^*ccs (hall think proper ; and the determination of fuch quar-minatioQ dull ter feflions (hall be final, binding, and conclufive, to all in* be final. tents and purpofes.

XL And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That if any aft ion or fuit (hall be commenced againft any perfon or perfons for any thing done in purfuance of this aft, the defendant or defendants in fuch action or fuit may plead General ifibe. the general iflue, and give this aft, and the fpecial matter, in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done by the authority of this aft; and if it (hall appear to have been fo done, then the jury (hall find for the defendant or defendants; and if the plaintiff (hall be nonfuited, or difeontinue his aftion after the defendant or defendants (hall have appeared, or if judgement (hall be given, upon any verdift or demurrer, againft the plaintiff, the defendant or de-TreWe cofts ^nc*ant$ (hall rccover treble cofts, and have the like remedy for the fame as defendants have in other cafes by law.

Rtftnrvatkm of XII. Provided always, and be it further enafted. That no-rights to the thing in this aft contained (hall extend, or be conftrued, deem-

edt

7$5-] Anno fexto Georgii III. c. 30.	149

A, or taken to extend* to abridge or take away any rights orAane-work jnikges which the mailer, wardens, and afliftants, of theknirte”c®m' inpany of frame-work knitters for the time being now have, pmD3r* ext inti tied unto.

CAP. XXX. ktQfor applying the money granted in tbis fejjion of par-Latent, for defraying the charge of the pay and cloathing 'if the militia of that part of Great Britain tailed England, for one year, beginning the twenty fifth day of March, one tboufand /even hundred and fixty fix; and 'fir explaining, amending, and rendering more ejfeflual, fe-wal a£ls of parliament pajfed in the fecund, fourth and Jjfib years of the reign of his prefent Majefty, relating to tie raifing and training the militia within that part of 4>fttt Britain called England.

I7HEREAS the fum of one hundred and fifty tboufand Preamble.

[? pounds has been granted to bis Majefiy, for defraying the l|r if the toy and cloatbing fur the militia, for one year, from the ftyjiftb day of March, one tboufand feven hundred andfixty fix :

’ r therefore that the charge of pay and cloathing for fnch may be duly and properly defrayed and fatisfied; be it _ by the King’s moil excellent majefty, by and with the ana confent of tlie lords fpiritual and temporal, and com-Ih, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authori-‘ithe fame, That in every county, riding, or place, within Where the .part of Great Britain called England, where the militia is®®1* ”

Ball be raifed, the receiver or receivers general of the land j^erwWer ef fach county, riding or place refpedivcly, (hall ifiuc and general of the the whole fums required, in the manner, and for the feve- county is to herein after-mentioned 5 that is to fay. For the pay of‘^ue * montha militia for four calendar months in advance, at the (hillings a day for each adjutant, where an adjutant is ap- jng to’the 1; and at the rate of one (hilling for each ferjeant, witheftablifbment lirion of two (hillings and fix pence a week for each fer- of P*r h*1* major, where a ferjeant major is appointed; and at thefct downi fix pence a day for each drummer, with the addition of a day for each drum major, where a drum major is i and aho at the rate of fix pence a month for each an and drummer, for defraying the contingent ex-of each regiment, battalion, and independant company ida, one penny whereof (hall be applied for defraying the * expences or each raiment, battalion, or independant r, during the time of the mens being from home, upon of their annual cxercife; and alfo for half a year’s (ala- with half a the clerk of each regiment or battalion of militia belong-	fa*^r

filch county, riding, or place, at the rate of fifty pounds I and alfo for the refpeftive allowances to the clerk ofbattalion aval meetings, and clerks of tbefeveral fubdivifion meet-dei-kt* fide rates toDowing) that it to Ay, To the clerk of the*nAtt'*

t ~	J	.uitntotw

S	general	c\erk&	of	vbe

*5<?

ge.ieral and (iibdiviiion meetings j

and pay for cloathing of the militia.

The above fums are not to be paid, if pay has not before been iflued, till the Id. lieut. or deputies (hall have certified to the treafu-ry and receivers general the mrolment

Anno fexto Georgii III. c. 30.	[1765.

general meetings, at the rate of five pounds five (hillings for each meeting; and to thefeveral clerks of the fubdivifion meetings, at the rate of one pound one (hilling for each meeting ; and^tlfo for the cloathing of the militia for fuch county, riding, or place, after the rate of three pounds ten (hillings for each ferjeant, and two pounds for each drummer, with the addition of one pound for each feijeant major, and each drum major; and with refpeft to the private militia men, where the militia hath been embodied, or having not been embodied, hath not been cloathed within three years, at the rate of one pound ten (hillings for each private man.

II.	Provided neverthelefs, That in any county, riding, or place, where pay has not yet been iflued for the militia, no pay (hall be iflued until his Majefty’s lieutenant, or, in hisabfence, any three deputy lieutenants, of any fuch county, riding, or place, (hall have certified to the commiffioners of his Majefty’s treafury, and to the receiver general of the land tax, that three fifths of the number of private militia men of fuch county, riding, or place, have been inrolled, and that three fifths of the proportion of their commiffion officers have accepted their com-miftions, and entered their qualifications as by law required, of 3 fifths of the men and officers.

The money is HI. And be it enafted, That all fuch Turns of money afort-to be paid by faid, except fuch as (hall be due to the feveral clerks of the the receiver- meetings aforefaid, and except fuch as (hall be due on ac-Serk of the * CDunt of cloathing, (hall, where the militia has never been cm-regiment or bodied, be paid by the faid receiver or receivers general of the battalion land tax, into the hands of the clerk or clerks of the regiments (epceptthe *1- or battalions of militia belonging to fuch county, riding, or the clerto'of P*acc> uPon his or their producing his or their warrant or war-the meetings) rants of appointment to fuch office, under the hand and Teal of upon produc- his Majefty’s lieutenant for fuch refpedtive county, riding, or tv'spi*** and where the militia has been embodied, into the hands aurpobumnt • t*lc c^erIc or clerIw of the regiments or battalions, upon his ppaumne , ^ |bdr producing his or their warrant or warrants of appointment to fuch office, under the hand and Teal of the colonel, or, where there is no colonel, of the commanding officer of each regiment or battalion refpedtively, notwithftanding fuch militia and for indt- (hall have been difembodied; and where the militia (hall be pendant com- formed into an independant company, or independant compa-«foeaivethC n^es? ^umfi as af°refr^ be paid by the faid receiver or captains, or to receivers general of the land tax, intp the hands of the refpedive their order $ captain of each independant company of militia, or to fuch perfon as fuch refpediive captain (hall authorize to receive the fame, according to the number of perfons hereby intitled to receive pay and cloathing, of which fuch regiment or regiments* battalion or battalions, independant company or independant according to companies, (hall have been appointed to confifi, according to the eftabfilh- the eftablilhment laid down in an a<5l pafled in the fecond year of

Sihithe the rc,SP his Pr^cnt Majefty, intituled. An a& to expl*in% ia aft of amfnd) andr/ducf iqfg W.qfi *f parliawofit> tbt fivtrrf Iwi ww * Geo.	7	in

1765.] Anno fexto Georgii III. c. 30.	jgi

in beings relating to the raifing and training the militia within that part of Great Britain called England; and fuch receiver or re- -ceivers general of the land tax (hall alfo, within fourteen days a fecond pay-after the expiration of the third calendar month from the time mentis alfo to of the faid firft payment, make a tecond payment for four ca- bemade with-lendar months in advance; and lhall alfo, within fourteen days | Ttefirft after the expiration of the three calendar months from the time2 cr * of the faid fecond payment, make a third payment for four calendar amj a months in advance, for the pay and contingent expcnces of the within three militia, and for the allowances to the regimental or battalion months after clerk or clerks aforefaid, in the proportions herein before men- thc feC0ll<b tioned; and the receipts of fuch clerk or clerks, and of fuch captain of an independant company, or captains of independant Receipts of companies, or of fuch perfon or perfons as fuch captain or cap- *homthemo£ tains (hall fo authorize to receive fuch money as aforefaid, (hall „Cy (hall be fo be a fufficient difeharge to fuch receiver or receivers general of paid, dif. the land tax forjthe feveral Turns of money fo by him or them charge the repaid.	"j™ «cnc-

IV. And be it enabled. That the clerk of each regiment or ' battalion of militia (hall forthwith, after the receipt of fuch fums t*| of money as aforefaid, pay, or caufe to be paid, one calendar talion clerks month’s pay in advance to the adjutant of fuch regiment or bat- are to pay in talion relpedlively ; and to the captaip or commanding officer of advance one of each company belonging to fuch regiment or battalion, two JS°the adm-months pay in advance for the ferjeants, drummers, and the tint; and* contingent expences of his refptftive company; out of which months pay to laid contingent money each captain (hall pay to the command- each captain, ing officer of each regiment or battalion one penny a month for drum-each private man and drummer, for the defraying the expences mers,andcon-of the hofpiral; and alfo to the commanding officer of the com- tingent ex-pany to which the ferjeant major and drum major (hall belong, pence* of the two months pay in advance for fuch ferjeant and drum major; capta^to oa* and fo from time to time fo long as any money on that account fbf each man* lhall remain in his hands: which pay every fuch captain or id. per month commanding officer is hereby required to diftribute to each per- outoftheeon-lon belonging to his company, by this a61 intitled to receive the &me, as it lhall become due; and (hall, once in every year, ch„gesWof the-give in to the clerk of the regiment or battalion to which fuch hofpital; and Company (hall belong, or, if captain of an independant company, for the ferjeant #tp the receiver general, an account of the feveral payments he "iaioran.d (hall have made in purfuance of this adt according to the fol-lowing form :	the command-

ing officer of the company to which they belong: captains to diftribute the pay ac-cordingly; and account for the fame yearly to the clerk, or receiver general if an independant company, according to the following form.

County

Anno fexto Georgii IIT. C. 30.

County of	Dr.	Fir	Contra

[1765.

Cr.

To cafh received of Mr.' regimental or battalion clerk, or receiver general, as the > atfi fludl be, (or two months pay in ad vance	.

5J

fiajor (if I any) J for

of-J

1

from 1

,01} drummer y m the of f of fol- f

Paidferjeant	for

days pay from the of to the following —

Ditto as ferjeant major (if one in the company)

Paid ferjeant	for

days pay from the of to the following -Paid drummer days at fix pence, the of to the of	following •

Ditto as drum major (if 1 one in the company)	J

Paid	drummer

days from the to the lowing

Two months contingencies y for	men and two	I

drummers, at fix pence	f

per month each------ -J

and pay back And fhall pay back to the faid clerk, or to the receiver general, the furplas as the cafe (hall be, the furplus (if any) of the money by him monies in his from time to time received, and then remaining in his hands ®xceF* (except the money by this adt allowed for contingent expences) cx^ces”**111 which (hall once in every year be accounted for by the captain which is to be of each company refpeflively, in manner aforefaid, and theba-accounted for, lance thereof (hall be by him paid into the hands of the clerk of and applied to tjje regjment or battalion to which fuch company fhall belong, ufec^thVre- to *pphed to the general ufe of the 'faid regiment or battalion, giment, fire* as the field officers and captains thereof, or the greater part of Captains of them, fhall diredt; and the captain of each independant com-iudependant pany js hereby required to diftribute to each perfon belonging to the his company intitled thereto, fuch moneyas he fhall receive by pay to their virtue of this adf; and the (aid money allowed for the contin-men, and ap- gent expences of each independant company of militia, fhall be Pjv money refpedfively applied to the particular ufe of fuch independant contingent company, by the captain thereof.

expeuces. V. And be it enadfed. That the faid regimental or battalion Cterktoretain clerk may and fhall retain to his own ufe out of the money fo money in his by him received, fuch further fums as fhall complete the allow-hands for his ancc herein before made for his falary.

wh	A°d	b*	it	further	enadted,	That	whenever	his	Majefty’s

beun?orde- l*eulcnanti or any l^rt;c or more deputy lieutenants of any puties (hall county, riding, or place, (hall have fixed the days of exercife have fixed the for the militia, he or they (hall, as foon as may be, certify the days of exer- fame to the receiver general of fuch county, riding, or place, they are to fpccity‘ng the number of men, and the number of days fuch certify the men are to he abfent from home on account of fuch exercife * fame to the and fuch receiver general is hereby required, within fourteen ^tcr the receipt of fuch certificate, to iflue and pay to the

1765-] Anno facto Georgii III. c. 30.	153

dcrk of the feveral regiments or battalions, at the rate of feyeiithe number of (hillings and fix pence per day for the captain of each company, JJ^be* and at the rate of three (hillings and fix pence per day for each abfoit from lieutenant, and of three (hillings per day for each eniign; and home, alfo at the rate of one (hilling per day for each private militia Receiver go-man, with the addition of fix pence per day for each corporal of thereu° n the militia, fo to be called out to exerciie, for the number of ^yrfo™fficers days fuch officers and men (hall be abfent from home on account and men to of fuch exercife; and in fuch counties where there (hall be inde- the regimental pendant companies only, the receiver general of each fuch re-fpc&ive county (hall ifliie and pay to the captains of the inde- (hal^be independant companies, at the rate of feven (hillings and fix pence pendant com-per day for each captain, three (hillings and fix pence per day panics only, for each lieutenant, and three (hillings per day for each enfign ; and alfo at the rate of one (hilling per day for each private mi- J£ue p^y\0 litia man, with the addition of fix pence per day for each cor- the captains, poral of the militia, fo to be called out to exercife, for the num- accordingt© ber of days fuch officers and men (hall be abfent from home rhc i*te on account of fuch exercife; and the faid regimental or battalion wn* clerks are hereby required forthwith to pay the proportion ofovertf^m<£ pay belonging to each captain of the faid regiments or battalions, ney to thC rathe proportion of pay belonging to each captain, and likewife fpe&ive cap-the pay belonging to their relpeSive companies.	t***1*-

VII.	And be it further enafted. That the captain of each Captains to company (hall make up an account of all monies received and make up their paid by him on account of fuch exercife, according to the account ac-following form:	S£S?,he

^ form j

County of	Dr.	Per Contra	Cr.

To cafii received of the regimental or battalion clerk, or receiver general, as the caft Jhaubt% for days pay of men

I

Paid militia men days

Paid additional pay to corporals days — —---------------

Which account (hall be figned by the laid captain, and counter- to be figned finned by the commanding officer; and fuch captain (hall, by them, and within ten days after the time of fuch exercife, deliver fuch counteriigntd account, and pay the balance, if there be any due, to the re- sanding offi-gimental or battalion clerk 5 or, if captain of an independant Cer, and decompany, to the receiver general: and fuch accounts (hall be livered with allowed as fufficient vouchers in the paffing of the accounts of	balance,to

fuch receiver general, at the receipt of his Majefty's exchequer, orrecriver

general. Accounts allowed fufficient vouchers.

VIII. Provided always, and be it ena&ed, That where any During the regiment, battalion, or independant company of militia, is or time the (hall be embodied, and called out into a&ual fervice, and there- troops are by the officers and private militia men are or (hall be intitled t°c^^iccl,*n* the fame pay as the officers and private men in his Majefty's ^ ether regiments of foot receive, all pay from the receiver or re- vice, and re-'covers‘general of land tax for the county, riding, or place, to ceivepay m V	which1**

- *54

ether forces, all pay and • allowances from the receivers general it to ceafc.

Receivers general to pay

Anno fextoGEOROii III. C. 30.	[1765.

which fuch regiment, battalion, or independant company of militia (hall belong, whether to the adjutants, feijeants, private men, or others; and all money allowed as aforefaid for the contingent expences of fuch regiment, battalion, or independant company of militia; and alfo the allowance to the clerk of fuch regiment or battalion; (hall, during fuch time of aftual fervice, and until fuch regiment, battalion, or independant company, (hall be difembodied, and return home by order of their commanding officers, ceafe and not be paid.

IX.	And be it enadied, That the faid receiver or receivers of . . the land tax (hall pay to the clerk of the general meetings his

allowance, at the rate of five pounds five (hillings for each general meet- mcct*n& upon his.producing an order or orders for that pur-sngs, and to pofe from his Majesty’s lieutenant, or from three deputy lieutenants aflembled at fome general meeting or meetings; and (hall alfo pay to each and every of the clerks of the fubdivifion meetings their feveral allowances, at the rate of one pound one (hilling for each meeting, upon his or their producing an order or orders from one or more deputy lieutenant or deputy lieutenants, afTembled in the feveral fubdivifion meetings; which faid order or orders (hall be to the faid receiver or receivers general of the land tax, a fufficient difeharge for the payment of fuch allowances, and be allowed in his or their account.

X.	Provided always, and be it enafted, That the clerk of each regiment or battalion of militia, (hall give fecurity to the receiver or receivers general of the land tax of the county, riding, or place, to which fuch regiment or battalion (hall belong, by a bond to his Majefty in the penalty of one half of the fum required for the whole year’s charge of the regiment or battalion of militia to which fuch clerk (hall belong, for duly anfwering and paying fuch fums as he (hall, from time to time, have received, and for duly accounting for the fame, and for performance of the truft hereby in him repofed ; which faid bond (hall

to the clerks of the fubdivifion meetings, upon producing orders from the lieutenant or dep. lieutenants.

Orders to dif-cbarge receivers general.

Regimental and battalion clerks to give fecurity for paying and accounting ^ for the monies received by them;

the bonds to

bt lodged with	lodged in the hands of the receiver or receivers general of the

genenT'amd lanc*lax ^or rcfpc^ve county, riding, or place, who, in cafe putinafuitby the faid regimental or battalion clerk (hall not duly perforin the them on non- conditions comprized in the faid bond, (hall, and is hereby reperformance quired, forthwith to put the faid bond in fuit in the name of his Son i C°n ^ Majefly, his heirs, and fuccefiors; the full cofts and charges of and they are which fuit, in cafe judgement (hall be given againft fuch regi-intitled there- mental or battalion clerk, (hall be paid by him to the faid re-upon to full ceiver or receivers general of the land tax, who (hall likewife be intitled to, and receive to his or their own ufe, at the rate of five pounds per centum out of all fuch monies as (hall be by him or them recovered thereon ; and (hall account for the refidue thereof with the proper auditor of his Maiefty’s revenue; the (aid receiver or receivers general of the land tax charging him-felf or themfelves therewith, upon the next account of the land tax to be by him or them pafled.

XI. Ana he it enabled, That the clerk of every regiment or battalion of militia, and the captain of every independant cothf

Cofts and charges, and 51, per cent, of the money recovered i

the reiki ue to )>e accounted for to the auditor.

J7<>5’] Anno fcxto Georgii III. c.30.	155

pany of militia, in every county, riding, and place, within the tafion clerks, part of Great Britain aforeiaid, (hall, between the twenty fifth q"fnSJ2n“f day of March and the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand Compa-(even hundred and fixty fix, deliver to the receiver or receivers nies, are to

funeral of the land tax for the county, riding, or place, to which deliver in ac-uch regiment, battalion, or independant company (hall belong, a fair account in writing, of all monies by him received and Si^rfe^11 difburfed for the fervice of the preceding year, in purfuance of ments, this aft, with proper vouchers for the fame; and (hall pay back and pav over to the faid receiver or receivers general of the land tax, any fur- i***1*® to plus of fuch monies that (hall then be in his hands; whicn faid accounts figned by fuch regimental or battalion clerk, or by fuch>ho are to captain of an independant company refpcftively, (hall be tranf- tranfmit the ■ mi tted by the (aid receiver or receivers general of the land tax, into the office of the proper auditor of his Majefty’s revenue. 0ffi(£.	*

XII.	Provided always, and be it enabled. That all penalties, Reco* pf all cofts and charges of fuit, and all Turns of money, for which penalties, See, any perfon or perfons is or are by this a# madeanfwerablc, x may, and (hall be recovered in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at IVefiminfier, by aftion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no efloin, wager of law, or protection, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed.

XIII.	Provided always, and be it enafted, That no fee ortfofoepay-gratuity whatfoever, (hall be given or paid for or upon account able for any of any warrant or fura of money which (hall be iflued in relation warrant or to, or in purfuance of, this aft.

XIV.	Provided always, and be it enafted, That any perfonfuanccotthU being on half-pay, and ferving in the militia, (hall and may, aft. and he is hereby impowered to receive and take the fubfiftence- Officers on money by this aft directed to be paid to captains, lieutenants, !*alf:pay fervor enfigns; and the receiving and taking fuch fubfiftence-mo-ney by any fuch captain, lieutenant, or enfign, (hall not be receive the* deemed a receiving or taking pay, fo as in any manner to pre- fubfiftence-vent fuch perfon on half-pay receiving his half-pay; and fuch money pay-perfon (hall take the following oath before fome jufticc of peace, who is hereby impowered to adminifter the fame;	**	cn’

they taking the following oath before a juftice.

I A. B. do /wear, That I had not, between the	The oath.

any place or employment of profit, civil or military, under bis MajeJIyy 'beftdes my allowance of half-pay as a reduced in	late	regiment of	fave	and	except	my	fub~

Jiftence as a lieutenant or enfign, as the cafe may be, for ferving in the militia of the county of

Aod the taking the faid oath (hall be fufficient to intitle fuch pinion to receive his half-pay, without taking any other oath $ any law, ulage, or cuftom, to the contrary thereof notwith-Agnding.

XV.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforeiaid, within f That the oopmandiog officers of every, regiment, battalion, or days after ex-

*5«	Anno	fcxto	Georgii	III. c. 30.	[1765.

a return is to independant company of militia, which (hall be raifed and bc^mad^fc^r ^trained purfuant to the law« now in force, (hall, and they are ing'oflicer, to’ hereby refpedlively required, from time to time, within thirty one of the days after the exerciling of every fuch regiment, battalion, or fecretaries of inaependant company, (hall be finifhed, purfuant to the di-ofthe ffi rc&ions of the laws now in being in that refpedt, tranfmit to and men en”one his Majefty’s principal fecretaries of (late a compleat rerolled, and turn, figned by every fuch commanding officer, of the feveral fenring at the officers, non-com mi ffioned officers, and private men, who were UCk a^ualty inrolled, and did (ierve, in every fuch regiment, bat-cx * talion, or independant company, at the time the lame were fo exercifed as aforefaid, in manner and form following:

Return of a Regiment of Militia at Annual Exercife.

Coinmiflioncd Officers								Staff Officer	Non Com in i Atoned  Officers			Private
	V  I  J	4#  c  c  c  U  c  n  c  c  5  i.-  Jj	o  «  s	V  n  c.  T9  J	s  H  c  V  J  %  H.  d	it  -  V  U  •J	stilus 1	+*  a  rt  a  *5*  <	1 Serjeants	M  ft  E  2.  tr  8	c  £  £  a  u  O	v  ft  s  35  cm
Preftnt  Abfcnt  Wanting fo 1 compleat j												

XVI. And whereas it fometimes happens, that perfons engaged to ferve in the militia, for a certain time, do enlift in his Maujlfs re-gularforceSy whereby the regiment, into which they enlift themfelves, is defrauded of the enlijling money, and other inconvenicncies enfue; to prevent the fame more effectually for the future, be it there-Miiitia man *°rc cnaCted, That from and after the twenty fourth day of June* enlifting into one thoufand feven hundred and fixty fix, any militia man en-any of the lifting himfelf into any of his Majefty’s other forces (hall, over King's other an(j above any penalty or puniftiment to which fuch militia man c^mpieating *s now bable, be deemed to be legally enlifted ; and (hall, from bis time or the day in which his engagement to ferve in the militia (hall ferrice ip the end, belong, as a foldier, to fuch corps of his Majefty’s other militia, is to forccg into which he (hall have enlifted during the time that he ditt^n^he*01" was engaged to ferve in thefaid militia; and (hall, till regularly cerprinto difcharged, tie liable to all the duties of a foldier, and to all the which been- pains and penalties inflifted by the a& for puniftung mutiny and MoA1 .	-	*	defer*

lS7

i 765.I Anno fexto Georgii III; c. 30.

dcfertion, and the better payment of the army and its quarters.

XVII.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforcfaid, Receiver ge-That the receiver general of the lana tax, fo foon as he (hall ne.r^ °P°n receive a warrant under the hand of the colonel or commanding

officer of their refpedtive regiments or battalions, certifying the commanding receipt of the cloathing, and an order from the faid colonel or officer, cem-commanding officer for the money due on account of the tame, fyjng repayable to the perfon or perfons who fumifhed the faid doath-	wtd

ing, (hall pay the fum mentioned in fuch order to the perfon ^ order for intitlcd to receive the fame; and fuch warrant and order, to-payment, is to gether with the receipt of the perfon receiving the faid money, fiiall be a fufficient difeharge to fuch receiver general.	accordingly.

XVIII.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, If any regi-That in cafe any regiment, battalion, or independant company, ““t* fhall ceafe and determine, during the continuance of this aft,

the fum of three (hillings per diem (hall be paid to fuch perfon bepaid to as has adtually ferved as adjutant to fuch regiment, battalion, adjutant from or independant company, from the time fuch regiment, batta- fuch rime to lion, or independant company (hall ceafe, to the twenty fifth dayof March, one thoufand (even hundred and fixty feven. 7 7*

XIX.	And whereas by an aft made in the fecond year of his pre- Recital of fent Majejlys reign, intituled* An adt to explain, amend, and re- claufes in aft duce into one adt of parliament, the feveral laws now in being * Geo. 3. relating to the railing and training the militia, within that part

of Great Britain called England, it is enafted9 That in all counties and places where the militia Jhall not have been raifed in purfuance of the former afts relating thereto, and where it Jhould not be raifed m purfuance of the faid aft* the fum of fivefounds Jhould be annually paid* in lieu of every private man to be raifed within the fame; and his Majejly's lieutenant of every fuch county, riding* or place* or three or more deputy lieutenants* at the expiration of every year in which fuch militia Jhould not have been raifed^ from and after faffmg the faid aft, Jhould* from year to year9 certify the fame in writing under his or their bands* and alfo the whole amount of the feveral fums of five pounds per man, to be raifed on fuch county* to the iujlices at at their general quarter fijftons next held after the end of the faid year; and that the faid ju/lices Jhould thereupon forthwith rate and ajfefs on fuch county* riding, or place* the fums mentioned in fucb certificate \ the fame to be ajftjfed* collefted* levied, paid, and accounted for, in the Jame manner* in all refpefts, as the county rates are* by an aft of the twelfth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, or any other aft ar afts of parliament, to be rated* ajfejfed* collefted* levied* paid* and accounted for; and that the faid rates jhould be paid by the treafurer of fuch county to the receiver general thereof* whofe receipt Jhould be a fufficient difeharge for fuch payment: and whereas by another aft made in the fourth Aft 4, Geo. 3. year of the reign of his prefent Majefly* intituled, An adt to explain and amend an adt pafled in the fecond year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An aft to explain* amend* and reduce into one aft of parliament* the. feveral laws now in being re-lating to the raifing and training the militia within that part of

Great

And aft c Gc&>

So much of the recited ads, at di-refts certificates to be made by the lieutenants, dep. lieuts. or derks of

'Anno fcxto Georgii III. c. 30.	[1765.

Great Britain called England; it is enaded, That where the militia had not been raifed, or Jhould not be raifed, for any county or riding within which any city, or town* or place, Jhall not be rated to the county rate, the faid payment of five pounds per man upon the whole number of private men, to be directed to be raifed within any county or riding, Jhould be apportioned between fuch county, city, town, or place, in the proportion their refpedive quota's paid to the land tax bear to each other: and that the fums fo apportioned Jhould be paid out Of the poors rate collected within fuch city, town, or place, in manner prejertbed by the faid aSls of the fecond year of his faid MajeJly'i tetgn, by the churchwardens and overfeers of the poor, to the treafur-er of the county, who is to pay over the fame to the receiver general thereof, together with the proportion of the faid fum of five pounds per man, to be paid by fuch county, riding, or place: and whereas by another ad shade in the fifth year of his prefent MajeJly's reign, intituled, An aft to explain, amend, and enforce, the feveral laws now in being relating to the railing and training the militia within that part of Great Britain called England, it is enaded. That the lieutenants of every county, riding, or place, wherein the militia Jhould not have been raifed, or Jhould not continue to be raifed, in purfuance of the feveral ads for raifing and training the militia, Jhould certify under their hands yearly, to the juflices at their general quarter fejfion: to beheld next after the fecond Tuefday in May in each year, that the militia had not been raifed for fuch county or place the preceding year, and the whoU amount of the Jevcral fums of Jive pounds per man, to be raifed on fuch county or place \ ana in that cafe, of the abfence of his MajeJly's lieutenant in parts beyond the fcas, three or more deputy lieutenants Jhould be appointed to certify as aforefaid', and if there Jhould be no lieutenant, then three or more deputy lieutenants to be appointed by his MajeJly's ftgn manual, Jhould be authorized to proceed in the execution of the Jaid ads; and in cafe his MajeJly's lieutenant flsould be beyond the feas, and no deputy lieutenants jhould be appointed to certify as aforefaid, then the clerk of the peace for each county, riding, or place, Jhould make fuch certificate as aforefaid; and the faid at1 contains feveral directions for enforcing the payment of the Jaid five pounds per man, by fuch counties or places where the militia have not been raifed, or Jhall not continue to be raifed, in purfuance of the faid ads: and whereas the faid feveral ads have been found defedive and incjfedual, and, notwithjlanding the diredion therein, feveral of the counties, within that part of Great Britain called England, have neither raifed any militia, nor paid the faid five pounds per man per annum, according to the di-redions of the faid feveral ads, whereby they avoid contributing equally to the JuppoYt of government with fuch countits as have raifed and trained the militia in compliance with the diredions of the faid ads : and whereas it is jujl and reafonable that all his MajeJly's fubjeds Jhould contribute equally to the Jupport of his MajeJly's government, and the defence of theft kingdoms; be it therefore enafted by the authority aforefaid. That fo much of the faid feveral in part recited afts as direfts the faid certificates to be made by his Ma-jefty’s lieutenants, or deputy lieutenants, or clerks of the peace,

where

1765. J	Anno fcxto Georoii III. c. 30.	159

where the militia hath not been railed in purfuance of the faidthe peace a&s, and the time of making fuch certificate, (hall be, and the w!?*r? fame is hereby declared to be, repealed.	noTteenSf-

ed, See. i* repealed.

’ XX. And be it farther ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, Where the That his Majefty’s lieutenant, or three deputy lieutenants, for militia has every county, riding, or place, within that part of Great Britain called	England,where	the militia has been or (hall have been

railed, (hall, yearly and every year, on or before the twenty fifth lieuta! are to day of	December, certify to the clerk of the peace of every certify the

county, riding, or place refpedlively, that the militia of fuch fam.e ycf>Y county, riding, or place, hath been raifed; and when and atof the peace what time the fame was firft raifed; the number and rank of w;th fuch * officers, and the number of private men of the militia, in the other partieu-year when fuch certificate is made; and the refpeftive times of lar* ** «*. loch militia being trained and exercifed in the year in which jj?*meotwa* Inch certificate is made; which certificate (hall be by the clerk ^ of the peace, who (hall receive the fame, delivered to the jufti- are to deliver ces of the peace at their general quarter feffions to be held next the fame to after the twenty fifth day of December in every year, on the day the juftices at on which fuch feffions (hall be opened; and (hall file the fame amongft the records of fuch feffions, to that the true (late of the gont( militia in each county may appear.	and file them

among the records of fuch feffions s

XXI.	Provided always, and be it further enadted, That in ,nd where no

every county, riding, or place, wherein no fuch certificate from fuch certifi-his Majefty’s lieutenant, or three deputy lieutenants, (hall be <■*** ®>a11 be delivered to the clerk of the peace as aforefaid, that the clerk	Heat

the peace of every fuch county, riding, or place, (hall, and is or ^ep. Ueutt.* hereby required, at the general quarter feffions oif the peace to the clerks of be held next after the twenty fifth day of December in fuch year, the peace are to certify under his hand and feal, to the juftices of the peace	the**

(o aflembled at their faid general quarter feffions, on the day

filch feffions (hall be opened, that he hath not received from his Majefty’s lieutenant of the faid county, riding, or place, or any three deputy lieutenants thereof, any fuch certificate a$ is herein before directed to be by them made; and fuch clerk of the peace is hereby directed to file fuch certificate amongft **£.?* the records of fuch feffions.	certificates i

XXII.	And it is hereby enadted. That in every county, riding, and place, in which no fuch certificate (hall be made by his Majefty’s lieutenant, or three deputy lieutenants, in manner herein before directed, and the fame (hall be certified by the clerk of the peace as aforefaid, the juftices of the peace of every fuch county, an<j tj,e riding, or place, (hall, and they are hereby required at their faid ces are there-general quarter feffion of the peace to be held next after the twen- upon to aflifs ty fifth day of December in every year, to rate and aflefs the fum * *

off five pounds per man yupon fuch county, riding, or place, in coontyor filch and the fame manner according to fuch and the fame pro- place, portions upon every town, parifh, and place, within each refpec-tive county,riding, or place, to becoyedted, levied, received, and to be feried

account- and wmta*

i6o	Anno	fexto	Georgii	III. c 30'	[1765.

ed for as the accounted for, in fuch manner, and by fuch meant, as the county rates, county rates have been ufually, or may, by an a iff made in the according to twelfth year of the reign of his late majefty King Georg* the aft is Geo. II. Second, intituled. An all for the more tab	(oil tiling, and

„ -	.	levying, the county rater, or by the afts of the Jccond, fourth, and

or	K	ct.\. ...... .a:.__r__	__:__

5 Gea 111.

fifth years of his prefent Majefty’s reign, for explaining, amend* ing, and enforcing, the feveral laws relating to the railing and training the militia within that part of Great Britain called Eng-the faid pay*	land, be afielled, collected, levied, received, and accounted for;

went to be in which faid payment of five pounds per man lhall be, and is fo * **t3& hereby declared to be, in full difcharge for the neglect and fai-not ng 1 *ure not having raifed and trained the militia for fuch coun-and training ty, riding, or place, for the year then next preceding; and the the militia, treafurer or treafurers of the county, riding, or place, who (hall Treafurer of receive the faid five pounds per man, is and are hereby required the county to to pay the famc to the receiver general of the land tax for fuch to the rroriver county> riding, or P*ace> within one calendar month after he or genera); they (hall have received the fame; and the refpedlive receivers general of the land tax (hall give a receipt for the fame to the perfon paying fuch money, whofe receipt (hall be a fufficicnt who is to cer- difcharge for fuch payment; and (hall, within ten days after the receipt of fuch fum and fums of money, certify fuch receipt to the lord high treafurer, or the lords commifiioners of his Majefty’s treafury for the time being, and (hall pay the fame into the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, and in the fame manner as he is required to pay in the taxes or duties, commonly called The land tax.

XXIII.	Provided always, and be it further enadted by the given for mo- authority aforefaid, That no fee or gratuity whatfoever (hall be ®ey to the given or paid for or upon account of any warrant which (hall raf^rTnto11*" ** mac*c out f°r any ^um °f money which (hall be received by the excbe- fuch receiver general, or paid into his Majefty’s exchequer, or quer, or iffued iffued thereout, in relation to, or in purfuanceof, this adt. thereout. XXIV. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. Clerks of the That fuch clerks of the peace of each refpedtive county, riding, or place, (hall, and they are hereby required, within fourteen days next after the general quarter feffions of the peace to be held after the twenty fifth day of December yearly, to tranfmtt to the lord high treafurer, or the commifiioners of his Majefty’s

ceipt thereof to the treafury. and pay over the mo* ney into the exchequer.

No fee to be

peace are to tranfmit to the treafury, and receivers general,

gcnuai, me >ora nign treaiurcr, or me commiuioners or ms iviajeity s rcrtttcatesde treafury, for the time being, and alfo to the receiver general of livered in pur- the land tax for fuch county, riding, or place, a copy, figned by fuance of this fuch clerk of the peace, of every certificate which (hall have aft 1	been delivered in purfuance of this adt; and in cafe no fuch

and where	certificate (hall have been delivered in, then fuch clerks of the

deltenrf are	certify to the lord high treafurer, or to the com-

to certify the miflioners of his Majefty’s treafury, and alfo to fuch receiver fame accord- general, that no fuch certificate from his Majefty’s lieutenant, tagly; or any three deputy lieutenants, hath been received by him, together with an<( that he hath certified the fame to the jufticcs of fuch gene-IngJofthe quarter feffions; and (hall alfo certify what proceedings frflont, in re- have been had at fuch general quarter feffions, in relation to

the

*7^5*]

Anno fexco Georgii III. c. 30.

161

the afieffing and rating the faid fum of five pounds per manl*ti°n toaf-where the militia (hall not have been raifed.	reffingthe

XXV.	And be it further enafted by the authority afore- ?? VJt the faid. That if any clerk of the peace (hall refufe or ncgleft to neglea-receive, deliver, file, make, record, or tranfmit, fuch certifi- ing bit duty cates as aforefaid, or any of them, according to the true intent m the premif. and meaning of this aft; every fuch clerk of the peace fo of- fes»^or*cxt# fending (hall, for everyfuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of500

five hundred pounds, to any perfon who (hall inform or fue

for the fame in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at IVeJl-

tninjler* or the courts of great leffions in the principality of

JValeS) or the courts of the counties palatine ot Chejier, Lan-

cajlery and Durham; wherein no efloin, protection, wager of

law, nor more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed; and (hall and hi* office,

alfo forfeit his office, and (hall be rendered incapable of having, and is dif.

receiving, or holding, fuch office for the future, or any other

place or office of trufi, civil or military, under the government.

XXVI.	And be it further enafted by the authority afore- where there faid, That in cafe there (hall be any failure of raifing or pay- (hall be a fai-ing the feveral fums of money charged by this or the faid for- lure of raifing mer afts upon any county, nding, or place, where the militia j?r MW **** fhall not have been raifed; the receiver general of fuch coun-j^for not" ty, riding, or place, refpeftively, (hall, on or before the twenty raifing the fourth day of June in every year, certify under his hand to the militia, the barons of the court of exchequer each particular county, rccciv.cr riding, divifion, or place, where fuch failure of payment hath cerfify^he happened; whereupon the faid court of exchequer (hall forth- fame into the with award the proper procefs to iflue againft the treafurer or court of ex-treafurers of fuch county, riding, divifion, or place, where cll^lucrJ fuch failure (hall have happened, in the fame manner as any™5^r^ei£ perfon or perfons is or are liable to procefs for failure of pay- upon againft ment of the rates arid duties commonly called The land tax9 the treafurer for paying the faid fum of five pounds per man; which faid of the county j fum every fuch treafurer and treafurers is and are hereby di- ^ fomsmto refted and required to pay into the receipt of his Majefty’s ex- the exche-chequer, out of the county flock then in his, her, or their oner, out of hands; arid if he or they (hall not then have fufficient for ™e

that purpofe, out of the firft money which (hall come to his or ftoc*5 their hands of the faid county flock; and the auditor of his and the audi-Majefty’s exchequer, into whofe office fuch fum or fums tor is to give (hall be paid, purfuant to the direftions of this aft, (hall, and a receipt for is hereby required to give to fuch treafurer or treafurers, ortbc fame# other perfon or perfons paying the fame on his or their behalf, a receipt for the fame figned by fuch auditor; which receipt fo figned (hall be, and is hereby enafted to be, a fufficient difeharge to fuch county, riding, divifion or place, for fuch fum or fums of money fo paid into the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer. SolHcitor to

XXVII.	And be it further enafted, That the follicitor to the treafury is the lord high treafurer, or to the commiffioners of his Majcfty’s toprofeeutt to treafuiy for the time being, fhall, and he is hereby direfted and trea* required, with all due diligence, to profecute with effeft fuch^^slt[nfc In*

.Vol. XXVII.	M	treafurer

ife	Anno fexto Georgii III. c. 31.	£1765.

trcafurcr or treafurers as (hall make default in payment as afore* (aid.

juftices at XXVIII. And be it further enaCted by the authority afore* their general (aid. That the juftices of the peace for fuch county, riding, or quarter fef* divifton, at their next general quarter feffions to be holden affeflafum after any fuch payment made by any treafurer or treafurers as fufficient for aforefaid, (hall, and they are hereby required, to aftejs, and rtimburting caufe to be levied, a fufficient fum of money to reimburse fuch the treafurer i trcafurer or treafurers all fuch fum or fums of money as he or they (hall have paid on fuch account; to be aftefied, collected, ana levied, in the fame manner as other county rates are directed to be aftefied, collected, and levied.

The afleff- XXIX. Provided always, and it is hereby enaCted, That the meats to be juftices of the peace for fuch county, riding, or divifton, at their ^^Vthe^ f^ general quarter fefltons, (hall, and are hereby impowered, to provisions in aflef® and levy, on every city, town, and place, which is not the aft of contributary to, or doth not pay to, the county rates of fuch 4 Geo. III. county, riding, or divifton refpeCiively, fuch proportion of the money fo paid by fuch treafurer or treafurers in manner herein directed, according to the provifions and directions of an act made in the fourth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, for explaining and enforcing the feveral laws now in being relating to the raifing and training the militia for and in that part of Great Britain called England.

The money XXX. And be it further enaCted by the authority afore-paid into the (aid. That all fuch fum or fums of money as ftuU be raifed and exchequer, to 'paid into his Majefty’s exchequer at Weftminfler, in purfiianc* rate^a^aoart ani* by virtue of this aCt, and in manner herein before di-from all otaer reCted, (ball be kept (eparate and apart from all other monies \ sfaoniesj	and (hall be paid, applied, and difpofed of, in fuch manner as

to b-e	ls	m an^ by an aCt of the fecond year of his prefent

retted* by* a& Majefty’s reign, for explaining, amending, and reducing into a Geo. III.	one	parliament, the feveraV laws then in being, relating

to the raiftng and training the militia within that part of .Great Britain called England.

CAP. XXXI.

An aft for taking down and removing certain light-btmfes now ftanding near the Spurn Point, at the mouth of the Humber, and for erefting other Jit and convenient light* boufes inftead thereof.

Preamble re- ^IX/HERE AS, his late majejly King Charles the Second9 by citing letters VY bis letters, patent^ hearing date at Weftminfler the twenty Pat5nt ®f	fifth day of October, in the twenty eighth year of his reign% reciting

tS Car. IT,	/herein, that his /aid Majefty had been informed, by the petition of

feveral perfons therein namedy that they, aid other mafiers of Jbipf ufing the northern coafis, bad had great lojjfes at fea, near the mouth of the Humber, upon a very broad long Tandy thrown up and Ufa* vered about fix or feven months then fence, by reafon whereof they failed in great danger in tie night * and mjidering that fights ended upon the $pum Point, at the mputb of toe Hujnber, \vqild for the

future

1765.] Anno fexto OeoRgh III. c. 3?;	163

future prevent fucb danger, they applied to Juftinian Angell of London, merchant,	proprietor of a piece of ground fit for

fucb purpofe; and propofed, that if he would ere ft two lights upon the (aid ground, they would contribute to pay him towards the charges and maintenance thereof one farthing a ton; and reciting, that the faid Juftinian Angdl bad accordingly erefted two lights, which the faid petitioners found to be of great benefit, arid an abfolute fafety to all navigators on that coafi, there being no ground upon all the coajl that any light could be erefted upon to do any fervice to the navigators* tending to the aforefaid funds and harbour, but the aforefaid place y therefore they prayed hts faid Majefiy to grant to the faid Juftinian Angell full power to kindle and maintain the faid lights; and the mafiery wardens, a/fifiants, and elder brethren9 of the Trinity houfe of Newcaftle, having examinedy and certified to his faid Majefiy, the neceffity of the faid lights, and that the fame would be of great benefit to navigation his /aid Majefiy, for promoting and continuing fb good a woriy and for the fafety of his fubjefts, was pleafed to grant to the faid Juftinian Angell, his beirSy and affigns, full and Jru liberty and authority to continuty renew, and maintain9 the faid ligbt-boufes with lights9 to be continually burning therein in the night foafoity whereby the faid /bits might the better come to their ports without peril j and for defraying the necejfary charges and confiant maintenance of the Jaid ligbt~houfes9 his faid Majefiy was pleafed to declare and grant, that for ever thereafter there might be collefted and takeny and that the faid Juftinian Angell, his heirsy and a/figns9 might colie ft9 have9 and take, for rjery /hip or ve/fel paffing by the faid light-boufey and belonging or trading to the ports of Newcaftle or Sunderland, or any of the creeks or members thereof9 one farthing the ton9 according to the burthen of fucb /hips or ve/fels\ to bold the faid liberties ,powers, and authorities, contributions, duties, andjums of money, to the faid Juftinian Angell, his heirs, and ajfigns for ever, as fully, to all intents and purpofes9 as the mafiers of the Trinity houfe at Deptford Strond, in Kent, or any other perfon or perfons* any the like licences, powers, and authorities, then had, held, or enjoy-ody or might have, bold, or enjoy, in any other place or places, fubjeft to the yearly rent of five pounds, in manner in the faid letters patent mentioned; and bis Majefiy was alfo pleafed thereby to grant divers other powers and authorities relative to the coliefting and receiving the fold duties; but in the faid letters patent it is provided, that if at any time thereafter it Jbould be made appear to his faid Majefiy* bis heirs, or fucceffort, that fuch grant was prejudicial or inconvenient, or not of publick ufe or benefit, then, upon fignification or declaration to be made by his faid Majefiy, his heirs, or fucce/fors, under his or their fignet or prtvy feal, of fuch prejudice or inconvenience, the faid Utters patent were to be void and determine: and whereas by certain Other-Utters patent, bearing date at Wfcflminfter the fourteenth day of June, in the thirtieth year of the reign of his faid late Majefiy, an<13® Car. IL reeking (among other things) that the Jaid Juftinian Angell having 'OOmpimned to the petitioners, in the faid letters patent named, that ■- the faid rutipt of one farthing a ton would not maintain the faid fjybt-heufN, they had eonftdered the charge of maintaining the faid

M2	-

164

Anno ferto Georgii III. C.31.

hght-houfe, and of the other light by him fence erefted and added, and that the Jaid petitioners had rcquefeed bis faid Maiefey to grant a further duty for the maintenance of the faid lights; bis Jaid Maiefey,for the neceffary charges and confeant maintenance of the feud ligbt-boufes, was pleafed to declare and grant, that, for ever thereafter, there might be collected and taken, and that the faid Juftinian Angell, his heirs, and affegns, might, from thenceforth, have, colie ft, and take, for every jhip or vejfil paffeng by or croffeng the faid light-houfes. Whether outward or homeward bound, and belonging and trading to any of the ports and creeks aforefaid, or any ways northward, the fur• ther and additional fum of one farthing a ton, more than he ought to receive by virtue of the faid firfe mentioned letters patent, for all Englifti Jbips or veffels; and alfo one penny per ton for all foreign bottoms; to hold the fame to the faid Juftinian Angell, his heirs, and affegns, for ever, at the yearly rent of five pounds, payable as in the faid letters patent is mentioned, and Jubjeft to a like provifo as is contained in the faid firfe mentioned letters patent: and whereas Edward Thompfon, late of the city of York, efquire, (fence de-eeafed) being owner and proprietor of one fourth part of the land whereon the faid light-houfes were erefted, and of other land there, containing about ten acres; and likewife of onefourth part of the faid light-houfes, and of all dues, duties, fum and Jums of money, benefits, advantages, and profits, whatfoever, to be had, gotten, or received, for and in refpeft of the faid lights, or either of them, which had defended to him from his ancejlors, by whom the fame was formerly pur chafed; did, by his lafe zoill and tefeament, duly executed, bearing ' date the twenty third day of November, one thoufand feven hundred and forty nine, after charging his real efeate with the payment of all his jufi debts and funeral expence s (in cafe his per final efeate was not fujficient to pay the fame) and after giving feveral very confiderabli annuities, payable out of his real eftates, and feveral legacies, give and devifi to Thomas Busfield, and Leuyns Boldero ejquire, and their heirs, all andfingular his manors, meffuages, farms, lands, tenements, hereditaments, and premijfes, whatfoever and wherefiever, to hold to them, their heirs and ajfegns, to the ufe of bis nephew Leonard Thompfon, 0/Sheriff Hutton in the faid county of York, efquire, and his afiigm, during his life, without impeachment of wafle, with remainder to the faid trufeees and their heirs, during the life of the faid Leonard Thompfon, to preferve contingent remainders 5 with remainder, after the death of the faid Leonard Thompfon, to Solomon Fell, gentleman, for one thoufand years, on certain trulls in the faid will mentioned wilh remainder to the firfe and other fins of the faid Leonard Thompfon, in tail male, with divers remainders over: and whereas, notwithjlanding at the time of erefting the fetid light-houfes, the ground on which they were built was very near the Spurn Point, and was then the mofe proper fituation for anfwering the good purpofes for which the fame were erefted; yet by the flowing and ebbing of the fea fence the time of their ereftion, part of the ground at or near the Spurn Point has been wajbed away, and

176$.] Anno facto Georgii III. c. 31.

reafon whereof the mafiers of veffeh are deceived,, and Many very great lojfes hive lately happened to Jbips and veffeh employed in the northern navigation, to the great detriment of feveral branches of trade in this kingdom: and whereas it is abfolutely neceffary for the fafety of the northern navigation, that two new light-boufes fhould be netted in a proper place nearer to the Spurn Point than the place where the prefent light-houfes Jland: and whereas John Angell, now of Stockwell, in the county of Surrey, efquire9 as. owner of three fourth parts of the faid light-houfes, revenues, duties, and pro-fits9 having had frequent applications made to him, or bis agents, by the corporations of the Trinity boufes at Deptford Strond, and Kingfton upon Hull commonly called Hull, and alfo by the faid Leonard Thompfon; and all pofftble means having been ufed to prevail on him to change the fituation thereof in fuel a manner as that they may anfwer the good ends and purpofes for which they were originally deftgned, hath, from time to time9 wholly negletted or. re-fufid fi to do, or to contribute his proportion of the expence of taking down and removing the faid prefent ligbt-boufe$9 and of trotting and building others in the ftead thereof as aforefaid 1 whereby, and by petitions to his Majejly for that purpofe, and by references thereon, the fend corporations, and alfo the faid Leonard Thompfon, have been put to confiderable charges and expences: and whereas the faid Leonard Thompfon is ready and willing to take down and remove the faid prefent light-houfes, and to erett and build others infead thereof in fucb place or places near to the prefent point of the Spurn, and in fucb manner and form as Jball be thought moft proper and convenient by the faid corporation of the Trinity houfe of Deptford Strond, and under their infpettion and direttion, upon his being enabled to borrow and raife moneyfor that purpofe9 and for repaying t§ tie faid corporations of the Trinity houfes of Deptford Strond mod Hull, and him the faid Leonard Thompfon rejpeftively9 their find refpettive charges and expences incurred concerning the faid light-boufes9 and alfo for defraying the charges of foliciting and obtaining tbu prejent att; and Jo that the three fourth parts of the faid revenues, duties9 and profits, belonging to the faid John Angell, may be a redeemable inter eft in him9 or the perfon or perfons intitled thereto, pn bis or their paying the whole amount of the faid expences of the faid corporations of Deptford Strond and Hull, and of him the faid Leonard Thompfon, and the intereft thereof and three fourth parts of the expences of obtaining this aft, and removing and rebuilding the faid light-boufes9 and the intereft of fucb three fourth parts9 to the perfon or perfons who fhall advance and lend the fame, bis, her, or their executors, adminiflrators9 or ajfigns; but by rcqfeti of the eftate and intereft which the Jaid John Angell hath in the faid three fourth parts of the faid lands, light-houjes, revenues, duties, and profits9 and ay reafon that the faid Leonard Thompfon is only tenant for Ufe9 with fucb remainders ever as aforefaid in the faid fourth part of the faid premijfes9 the purpofes aforefaid eamot be effefted without the aid and authority of parliament: therefore, tor promoting a work fo conducive to the fafety of |)if tyajefty’s fubje&s, and tq remedy fo great a detriment to

tr*dq

i6&	Anno fexto GfebRfcll III. C. JJ. [1765*

trade and navigation; may it pleafe your Majefty, at the humble fuit of the faid Leonard Thompfon, that it may be ena&ed; and be it enaAed by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflfembled, and by the New light- authority of the fame. That it (hall and may be lawful to and houfes to be for the laid Leonard Thompfon, and other the perfon or perfons b«jlt* anf^he who (hall, for the time being, be intitled to his fourth part of down”6* ■ n the duties and profits hereby granted or continued, by and un-*	' der the faid recited will of the faid Edward Thompfon; and be

and they are hereby authorized and required, with as much fpeed as conveniently may be, after the firft day of June^ one ,	thoufand feven hundred and fixty fix, to cre6t and build, or

caufe to be ere&ed and built, two new and fufficient light-houfes, with fuitable offices and conveniences, at or near the laid Spurn Point, and according to fuch plan and eftimate, as the* ihafter, wardens, and afliftants, of the faid corporation of the Trinity houfe of Deptford Strond, (hall, by writing under their Common Teal, fpecify, appoint, and approve of; and, for that pufpofe, to take down the faid prefent light-houfes, and tq make ufe of all or any part of the materials thereof, or otherwife io fell and difpofe of the fame, and to apply the money arifing therefrom towards building fuch new light-houfes; and, in the mean time, and until the faid new light-houfes (hall be com-pleated, to ere& and continue two temporary lights, as near at fnay be to the refpective places where the faid new light-houfes |hall, as aforefaid, be appointed to be built; and alfo to keep fqfficient lights and fires burning continually in the night-feafon, fo as to anfwer the purpofes intended by this a St for the benefit of navigation; and, from time to time, to enlarge, con-tradl, alter, or remove, the faid new light-houfes, or either of them, as occafion may require, with the confent and by the direction of the fame Corporation, to be fignified as aforefaid ; fend for any of the purpofes aforefaid, to enter upon and ufe fuch part or parts of the land at or near the Spurn Pointy (be it "the foil or ground of the King's moft excellent majefty, his lieirs, or fucceffors, or of any other perfon or perfons, bodies politick, corporate, or collegiate) as the corporation of the Tri-ia*nity houfe of Deptford Strond, (hall, from* time to time, by writing under their common feal, appoint.

Light-houfes 4 II. And, tq the end that thofe purpofes may be better attained, and to tie under that the management of the faid light-houfes may not be neglected or infpeaionof paddy conduced\ be it hereby further ena&ed by the authority houfes'of ^	That from and after the eredling and building the

Deptford faid light-houies, the fame (hall, from time to time, and at al( Strond and times thereafter, be fubjeA to.' the vifitation and infpe&ion of Hull.	the faid corporations of the Trinity houfes ot Deptford Strond

‘and Hull* for the time being, or either of them, who may enter

}*nto the fame, and examine whether they are well and fufficiently epaired and maintained,fo as to anfwer the purpofes aforefaid; fend (hall and may leave notice or warning in writing, with the

ijSf,] Anao fexto Georgh III. c.31.	rtfy

keeper or keepers of the faid light-houfes, requiring fuch defers or wants of reparations, as (hall be found therein, to be remedied and amended within forty days from the delivery of fuch notice or warning as aforefaid.

III.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Trinity houfe That in cafe the faid light-houfes, to be erefted purfuant to °fHul1 to this a ft, (hall be at any time not kept duly lighted and properly attended; it (hall and may be lawful for the corporation of the tended/ Trinity houfe of Hull, to examine into fuch neglefts, and effectually to remedy the fame; and alfo to depute and appoint

fome fit and proper perion or perfons to enter into the laid light-houfes, or either of them, with full power and authority to remain therein, until fuch neglefts (hall be remedied in fuch manner as the faid corporation (hall think necelfary; and the 'owner or owners of fuch light-houfes (hall, and they are hereby required to pay and fatisfy the faid corporation all fuch charges and expences as (hall be thereby incurred ; and in default of payment thereof, within one month after the fame (hall he .demanded of the faid owner or owners for the time being, h (hall and may be lawful for the collector or collectors of the duties by this aft direfted to be received, to pay and fatisfy the feme to the faid corporation, and is and are hereby declared to he indemnified for lo doingany thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

IV.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. Duties.

That from and after the erefting and compleating the faid new light-houfes, according to the faid plan, and the kindling and placing lights therein, for the benefit of navigation; the faid LeonardThompfon and John Atigell, according to the proportionate (hare, eftate, and intereft, which they now refpeftively have

in the faid prefent light-houfes; and the duties granted by the faid recited letters patent, and the perfons who (hall, for the time being, after their feveral deceafes, be intitled to the fame, and their agents, collectors, and deputies, or other per-(bn or perfons by them appointed, may (fubjeft nevertheless to fuch mortgage and mortgages as (hall be made thereof, by virtue of the power herein after given) from thenceforth colleft, have, and take, of and from the feveral perfons, who are now or hereafter may be liable to pay the fame, the feveral and re-fpeftive duties which have been ufually taken and collected by and under the faid patents before recited, and no others.

V.	And, to the intent the faid duties may be truly anfwered and Method for faid, be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That no faring nay. cuftonjer, collector, comptroller, furveyor, fearcher, or waiter, duties ' nor any of their refpeftive clerks, within any of his Majefty’s * ports, havens, creeks, or harbours, belonging to the northern

coafts aforefaid, or elfewhere; nor any captain, lieutenant, or other officer belonging to them, or any of them 5 nor any warden, port reeve, or keeper, of any of his Majefty’s faid poris, roads, harbours, and havens; nor any wharfinger, porter* or frlfbQurer, belonging to the water-fidc, qor any officer of the

i6S

and for recovering the dune*

Jleeompence to owners of grounds.

Annofexto Georgii III. c. 31.	[1765.

cuftomers belonging to his Majefty, or to his heirs and fuc-cefTors, now being, or which for time hereafter (hall be in the faid ports, harbours, roads, creeks, havens, and places; (hall any of them at any time hereafter take or receive any entry or cocquet, or give, make, or certify any cocauet, return, or victualling bill, or difeharge or permit any goods or (lores to be laid on land, or difeharged or (hipped, out of or from any of the laid (hips, or fuffer any (hips or other veflels trading or liable to the payment aforefaid, to pafs by or from them without a ticket or note under the hand writing of the perfon or perfons in whom the faid duties are veiled by this aft refpeCtively, his, her, or their agents or deputies, teftitying the payment of the laid feveral allowances and fums hereby refpeCtively granted.

VI.	And be it further enaCled by the authority aforelaid. That every collector and collectors^ or any other perfon or perfons authorized and deputed by the perfon or perfons in whom the faid duties are hereby vefted, (hall and may, for the better management and collection thereof, have a place ip all cultom-houfes in the ports and places where the fame are qr (hall be collected.

VII.	And whereas it is reafonable that a proper fatisfa&iou and recompence Jhould be made to William Conftable, of Burton Constable in the county of York efquire, or to fuck other perfon or per? fons who now is or are, or hereafter Jhall be, owner or owners of tho fnl or ground whereon fucb new intended light-houfes, fmtable offices or conveniences, Jhall or may hereafter be built ; be it therefore enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That the duties hereby granted or continued, (hall for ever hereafter be charged and! chargeable with and fubjeCt and liable to the payment of the fum of one hundred pounds yearlv, clear of all taxes and de-. duCtions whatfoever, onto the faid JVilliam Conftable, his heirs or alTigns, or other owner or owners of fuch foil or ground for the time being, his, her, or their heirs or afligns, by four equal quarterly payments; fuch payments to be made by the collector or collectors of the faid duties at Kingfton upon Hull, for the time being, out of the firft monies that mall come to his or their hands; the firft payment thereof to be made on the twenty fifth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty fix; and in default of payment of the faid yearly fum, or any part thereof, for the fpace of twenty days next after the days appointed for payment thereof, it (hall and may b$ lawful to find for the faid William Conftable, hi$ heirs or afligns, or the owner or owners of the foil qr ground for the time being, or his, her, or their heirs and afligns, to recover by aCtion of debt in any of his Majefty's courts of record at Weftminftcr, from the faid collector or collectors of the faid dutie^ within the port of Kingfton upon Hull aforefaid, fo much of the (aid yearly fum as (hall remain unpaid as aforefaid, together with all cods and charges attending the recovery of the fame: but in cafe there (ball be no collector of the faid duties at the faid port of Kin%-jfion ufen Hull, or there (hall not be fufficient money in his or

159

1765.] Anno fexto Georgii III. c. 3 u

their hands arifing from the faid duties to anfwer fuch purpofes-then it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid WiUiam Con-(tabby his heirs and afiigns, and fuch other owner or owners as aforefaid, from time to time, and his, her, and their heirs and afiigns, to colleft, have, and take, the duties by this adt authorized to be received by the proprietors of the faid duties, of fuch perfons, and in fuch manner, as the fame are herein before authorized to be collected and taken, until therewith or otherwife all fuch arrears, together with the cods and charges attending fuch collection, (hall be fully paid and fatisfied.

VIII.	And, to the end that the compbtion of fo necejfary a work Powers to raife may not be obfirutled by the faid John Angelfo perfijltng. in bis re- niooey on fufal to co-operate with the faid Leonard Thompfon thereinf for the enabling the faid Leonard Thompfon, or other perfon or perfons who /ball come into pojfejjion of his Jhare and interejt in the faid premijfe$y to difcharge and reimburfe to the faid corporations of the trinity houfes ^Deptford Strond end Hull, and to him thefind Leonard Thompfon refpeflivehy the expences which they and be have refpeftively been put to on the occaftons aforefaid, and to difcharge the expences of foliciting and obtaining this prefent aft; (all the faid expences to be ascertained and allowed by the commifftoners herein after named, or any three or more of them) and to raife money fuffuient for the taking down the faid prefent light-houfes 9 and trebling and building the faid temporary lights and new light-boufes, according to the plan and eftimate of the faid corporation of the trinity houfe of Deptford Strond, as herein before directed (and in and by which plan and eftimate the fum of money for that purpofe /ball be fixed and after tained under the common feal of the fame corporation) be it hereby further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and Clay be lawful to and for the faid Leonard Thompfon, or other perfon or perfons in pofleflion of his faid fourth part, to borrow and raife any fum or fums of money, not exceeding in the whole the amount of the aforefaid expences and eftimate afcer-tained in manner as aforefaid; and for fecuring the repayment of the faid fum or fums of money fo to be borrowed, with in-t^reft for the fame, to grant, mortgage, leafe, or demife, the ground, which (hall be aftigned in manner aforefaid, for erecting the faid light-houfe thereon, together with the light-houfes which (hall be creCted thereon, with their appurtenances, and the duties, and profits, hereby granted, unto fuch perfon or perlons as (hall advance and lend the fame refpeCtively, for anv term or number of years, not exceeding five hundred years; (o as fuch grant or demife be made with a provifo or condition to be void, or with an exprefs covenant to be furrendered, as to the three fourth parts of the faid JohnAngelly upon payment by him, or other the perfon or perfons who for the time being (hall be intitled to the lame, of the whole amount of the faid expences of the faid corporations of Deptford Strond and Hully and of him the faid Leonard Thompfon, ana the intereft thereof, and three fourth parts of the expences of obtaining this a<5t, and removing and rebuilding the faid light-houfes and temporary lights, and •	the



Surplus of money raifed( how to be applied :

tn cafe of deficiency* more to be railed.

Anno fexto Gcorgii III. c. 31.	[176^

the intereft of fuch three fourth parts, within the ufual time for the redemption of mortgages ; and with a provifo or condition to be void, or with an exprefs covenant to be furrendered* as to the fourth part of the faid Leonard Thompfin% on payment, by the perfon or perfons, for the time being, intitled thereto (under the will of the faid Edward Tbompfon) of the remaining fourth part of the expences of obtaining this a£t, and removing and rebuilding the faid light-houfes, and the intereft of fuch one fourth part; and fo as every fuch grant or deqiife, fo to be made, {hall contain a provifo, that the perfon or perfons intitled to the remainder or reversion of the faid Ucnard Tbompfon's one fourth part of the faid duties and profits (hall not be liable, upon his, her, or their becoming poflefled thereof, to the payment of anv larger arrear of intereft than for one year preceding the time when the title to fuch poffcflion (hall accrue and commence; and every fuch grant, mortgage, leafe, ordemife, to be made in purfuande of this a£t, and to be regiftered in the publick office kept it BtuerUy in and for the eaft riding of the faid county of JVf, (hall be good, valid, and effectual, in the law, notwitbftanding the faid Leonard Thompson's being only a tenant for life, ana notwitbftanding any thing in the wilj of the faid Edwardttemp-Jon his late uncle, to the contrary thereof; and notwithftanding any fettlement, will, or other inftyument, or conveyance, to the ufes or trufts whereof the (hare of the faid John AngelU in the faid premises and duties, may be fubjeft or liable; and the per* Ion or perfons who (hall advance and lend any money on the fecurity aforcfaid, (hall not be liable to fee to the application, nor anfwerable for the non-application or mif-application thereof.

IX.	Provided always. That the faid Leonard Tbompfon> or , other the perfon or perfons hereby impowered to remove and rebuild the faid light-houfes, (hall, within fix months next after the removing and rebuilding the fame, produce and lay before the commiffioners, herein after named, or any three or more of .them, a true account of his or their difburfements for or on account of the fame (together with the vouchers thereof) to be verified by his or their affidavit or affidavits ; and alfo a true account of all fuch fum and fums of money as (hall have been raifed in manner aforefaid, to be in like manner verified; and in cafe it lhall appear that any furplus (hall remain in the hands of the faid Leonard Thompfon, or fuch other perfon or perfons, unapplied for the purpofes aforefaid, to be certified under the hands and feats of the /aid commiffioners, or any three or more of them, fuch furplus (hall be paid to fuch mortgagee or mortgagees, in part of the principal mon^y due upon their refpedive mortgages, unlefs the (hare of the faid John AngeUy of and in the faid mortgaged premises, dial] have Deen fooncr redeemed x in which cafe, three fourth parts of fuch furplus (hall be paid to the faid John Angel!', or the perfon or perfons then intitled tq his (hare in the premises, and the remaining fourth part thereof (hall be paid in manner before directed; or in cafe, upon taking th$ aforefaid accounts before the faid commiftiqners, it

^7^S'] Anno fexto GeoRGH III, C. 31,	iyi

{ball appear, that the faid Leonard Thomp, or other the perfon or perfons hereby itnpowered to remove and rebuild the faid light-houfes, {hall have expended more money in effecting the purpofes aforefaid, than {hall have been raifed in manner above directed; and the faid commiflioners, or any three or more of them, (hall, in manner aforefaid, certify the particular fum; that then it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Leonard Tbompfon , or fuch other perfon or perfons, to raife fqch further fum of money, by the ways and means herein before prefcribed, jon the credit of tnc (aid premifles.

X.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enaCted and de- j^ deftule of clared, That if the faid Leonard Tbompfo or other perfon or proprietors, perfons who (hall come into pofleflion of'his (hare and intereft the power of m the faid premifles, (hall negleCt or refufe to take down and rebuilding, remove the prcfent light-houfes near the Spurn , and to^J^fJ-^ creCt and build other light-houfes indead thereof, in the manner tionofBept-herein before directed, or (if required) to give fecurity to the ford Stroud 1 laid corporation of the trinity houfe of Deptford Strand, for the due application of the money to be borrowed, within two years after his or their receipt of the faid plan and eftimare, under the common feal of the faid corporation, and their appointment of the'place whereon the faid light-houfes (hall be ereCted; then, and in fuch cafe, the faid matters, wardens, and afliftants, of the fame corporation, and their fucce/Tors, for the time being, (hall •and may take down and remove the prefent light-houfes, and ereCt and build other fit and proper light-houies in manner a-fordaid, and repair, light, and maintain the fame, fo as to answer the intention of this prelent ad; or if, after the faid Leonard	Tbompfon, or fuch other perfon or perfons, (hall have built

and compleated the faid new light-houfes, the fame (hall at any time thereafter be out of repair, fo as not to anfwer the purpofes hereby intended, and (hall not within the fpace of forty days after giving or leaving fuch notice in writing, as herein before -is mentioned, be repaired purfuant to fuch notice; then, and from thenceforth, the (aid mailer, wardens, and afliftants, and their fucceflors, for the time being, (hall, and they are hereby required to caufe the (aid light-houfes to be repaired ; and from and the du-and after the-creCtion of fuch new light-houfes, and placing ties veiled ia lights therein by the faid corporation, as alfo from and after their them, repairing fuch light-houfes as (hall or may be built by the faid Leonard	Tbompfon,or other perfon or perfons intitled to his faid

(hare (upon any default as aforefaid) the faid duties hereby granted or continued, with the . powers and authorities for demanding, collecting, and recovering the fame, (hall immediately veft in the fame corporation, and their fucceflors, who may, from time to time, appoint proper perfons to receive the fame duties, and thereout reimburfe themfelves all the expences, cods, until re-pay-and charges, which they (hall have fuftained in or about the re- ment of *hrir moving, erecting, or repairing, the light-houfes which may, as expence** aforefaid, be ereCted by the (aid corporation, or in or about the ftpairiqg fuel} light-houfes a) (hall or may be built by the faid

' '	’	'	‘ Leonard

*7*

Anno fexta Georoii III. c. 3 i. [ 1765.

Leonard Thompfon, or other perfon or perfons intitled to his faid (hare, upon any default as aforefaid, and all other incident charges, rendering the overplus (if any) to the faid John Angell and Leonard Thompfon, according to their faid refpeftive proportions and interefts therein, or to fuch other perfon or perfons as (hall, for the time being, be intitled thereto ; yet never-thelefs fo as not to affeft or prejudice the fecurity or fecurities which (hall have been made by the faid Leonard Thompfon, his i heirs, or afligns, by virtue of this ad, to the perfon or perfons who (hall advance money for the purpofes aforefaid, nor the an- 1 nual rent afcertained for the grounds to be made uie of for the j purpofes 6f this aft * and from and after payment and fatisfac- j tion to the faid corporation, their fucceffors, or afligns, by receipt of the (aid duties, or otherwife, (hall have been made for all their cods, charges, and expences, in or about the removing, rebuilding, and repairing, the faid light-houfes, and the receiving the (aid duties, the power of the receiver or receivers to be appointed by the faid matter, wardens, and afiiftants, (hail ceafe and determine and the faid duties (hall thenceforth reveft in the faid Leonard Thompfon and John Angell, according to their faid proportionate e(tate and intercft, or in the perfons, for the time being, intitled to the fame (fubjeft as aforefaid) with the powers and authorities hereby granted for demanding, collecting, and recovering the fame.

XI.	And, for effefting the fereral purpofes herein before referred to commiflioners, be it hereby further enafted by theau-Commiffion- thority aforefaid. That Henry Willoughby of BirdfalU in the county ers names, cf York, efquire j Henry Brewfler Darley of Aldby Parky in the fame county, efquire; Barnard Foord of Hejlerton, in the fame county, efquire; Ifaac Broadley of Kingjion upon Hull aforefaid, efquire; and Henry Maifler of the fame place, efquire; (hall be. Power, and and lhey are hereby conftituted commiflioners, to execute the office.	powers	vefted in them by this aft.

Their decrees XII. And be it further enafted. That all the orders and de-to be regifter- terminations fo to be made by the faid commiflioners, (hall be ed at Beverley, fet down in writing, tinder the hands and feals of fuch of the faid commiflioners as (hall make the (ame, and (hall be entered at length in the public office kept at Beverley, in and for the eaft riding of thp county of York 5 and the fame, or a true copy or copies thereof, certified as fuch, under the hand of the regifter of the faid office, or his deputy, (hall be taken, deemed, and adjudged good and fufficient proof in all courts of law or equity whatfoever.

Upon deathor XIII. And be it further enafted. That upon the death or refufal *i aft refufal to aft of any commiflioner hereby appointed, or hereaf-of any com- fCr to	the	furviving commiflioners, or any three or

other may be more of them, (hall and may, from time to time, eleft one chofen. other commiflioner in the room of every fuch commiflioner deceafed or refufing to aft; and every perfon fo elefted (hall have the fame authority, to all intents and puj-pofes, as if he h^d been pamed a commiijionjr in this aft.

XVI.	Pr*

765.] Anno fettb Georgii III. c.31.	173

XIV.	Provided always, and it }s hereby further enafted and Aft not to af-eclared. That nothing in this aft contained (hall extend, or be onftrued, adjudged, deemed, or taken, to revoke any will, or to	*

aake void, alter, annul, or any ways affeft any fettlement, mort-;age, incumbrance, or deed, which (hall have been executed in or before the fourteenth day of February one thoufand feven tundred and fixty fix, or any part thereof, fo as to prejudice tny perfon or perfons having any right or claim under the fame, nit of, upon, or affefting the ground whereon the prefent light-loufes Hand, or the faid light-houfes, or the duties granted by lie laid letters patents ; but that all fuch rites and claims on the Taid premifies and duties (hal! refpeftively be and remain a charge ind lien on the new light-houfes hereby direfted to be built, and on the duties hereby granted or continued; and the refpeftive (hares and interefts of the faid John AngeXl and Leonard Tbomp-/for, of and in the fame light-houfes, duties, and profits, (hall be fubjeft and liable to the fame ufes, trufts, charges, powers, provifoes, limitations, remainders, rents, annuities, Jervices, incumbrances, and demands, as their (hares and interefts of and in the faid prefent light-houfes, and the duties and profits granted by the (aid letters patents, would have been refpeftively fubjeft and liable to in cafe this aft had not been made; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XV.	Provided always, and be it further enafted. That no- Refemtionof thing herein contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend,

to deifeat, lefien, or prejudice, the right, title, and intereft of the manQr)	'

laid William Con/Iable, his heirs, and alfigns, as lord or lords * of the manor of Kilnfeay or as lord or lords of the feignory or dominion of HolderneJfey in the faid county of Torky except fo far only as the fame is or are hereby bound or affefted; any thing in this prefent aft to the contrary notwithftanding.

XVI.	Provided always, and be it further enafted by the aiulofthe authority aforefaid. That nothing herein contained (hall ex- trinity houfe. tend, or be conftrued to extend, to prejudice, leflfen, or defeat,

any of the powers, privileges, immunities, or jurifdiftions, of or belonging to the corporation of the trinity houfe of Deptford Strond.

XVII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Limitation of That if any aftion or fuit (hall be commenced againft any per- a&ions.

fon or perfons for any thing done or to be done in purfuance of this aft; that then, and in every fuch cafe, the aftion or fuit (hall be brought within fix calendar months next after the faft committed, and (hall be laid in the county of Tori and not elfe-where; and the defendant or defendants in fuch aftion or fuit, fb to be brought, (hall and may plead the general iflue, and give General iflue. this aft and the fpecial matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon: and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall become non-Anted, or (hall difeontinue, his, her, or their aftion or aftions, fuit or fuits; or if, upon demurrer, judgement (hall be given againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs; the defendant or defendants (hall and may recover treble cods, and have fuch remedy for Treble cofts# -	the

Anno fexto GeorgiI III. c.32.	[176$.

the fame a* any defendant or defendants (halt and may have in any cafes by law.

poblkkafti XVIII. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That this adt (hall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be a pub* lick adt; and be judicially taken notice of as fuch in all courts, and by all judges, juttices, and other perfons wbatfoever, with* out fpecially pleading the lame.

GAP. XXXII.

An a8 to extend an a& made in the fourth year of the of King George the Firft, i, An aft for the further preventing robbery, burglary, and other felonies, and for the more effectual tranfportation of felons and unlawful exporters of wool, and for declaring the law upon feme points relative to pirates; that part if Great Britain called Scotland, far as the faid ait relates to the more effectual tranfportation of felons •, and for amending and rendering more effeilual the laws for retraining mtdrburn, in forbidden in that part of the united kingdom.

Preamble, re- \X7^HERE AS	by anailfaffed in the fourth year of the

cUufc* ’ ™ King George the Fir ft,	An aft for further pre-

inadT4GC0.1. venting robbery, burglary, and other felonies, and for the more effedhial tranfportation of felons and unlawful exporters of wool, and for dedaring the law upon fome points relating to pirates, tertein proviftons and rules_are made and laid down for the more ef-\nffo\

1

feltual tranfportation of offenders to his Mojtjiy's colonies Hons in America,	by enabling the , before whom fuch perfons

, by

all contrail

are	conviHed, to	convey, transfer, and make over

nr of court, to the	perfon

the performance of fuch tranfportt

order of for ‘

or	perfons, who.

tranfportation, to him and them, and their heirs'and ajfgns 5 and fuch perfon or perfons fo con trailing oil aforefaid, his or their ajfgns, by virtue of fuch order of transfer, art declared to have a property and inter eft m the ftwice of fuch offenders, for fuch terms of years as is therein	; but, by an af-

ter claufe of the aforefaid ftatute, it is provided, that nothing in the faid alt contained Jbetdd extend, or be conjlrued to extend, to perfons as ffottld bit conviUtd or attainted in that part of Great Britain tailed Scotland, whereby the efftHual tranfportation of offenders frm that part of the united Kingdom is often difappointed, and the tolonies ana plantations' to which fuch offenders are are expofed to many dangers and inconveniencies, by having fuch offenders fet loefe amongfl them, without any perfon or perfons having a property or intertft tn their fervice, whereby they may be frm committing new crimes and offences in the fata colonies and plari-iations : for remedy whereof, be it enadted by the King’s molt excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefect parliament afiemblod, and by the authority of the fame, That

when-

765.] AnnofextoGfioRGil HI. c.32.	175

henfocver and fo often as any fentence of tranfportation (hall Court inScot. e pronounced and awarded, by any court in that part of Great n“unc?ne fen-\ritain called Scotland) againli any offender or offenders, it (hall tence of tranf-nd may be lawful for fuch court to convey, transfer, and make portation,maf ver, fuch offender or offenders, by order of court, to the ufe ®fcr >f any perlon or perfons who (hall contract for the performance uft^ftheconh! >f fuch tranfportation, to him and them, and their heirs and traitor for tbe rifigns, fo as he or they, fo contradting, may have a property performance ind intereft in the fervice of fuch offenders, for fuch and thcc of Aich tranf-ame term of years, as he or they might have had in the like portion, afe by an order of any court in that part of Great Britain called England.

H. And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That where Perfons con-any perfons do now (land convidted, or hereafter (hall be con- vidted of ca-vifted, of any crimes or offences whatfoever, by which death Pj**! 9^™^ by law may or ought to be inflidted; and his Majefty, his heirs, or fuccefiors, (hall be gracioufly pleafed to extend his royal do* upM eon-mercy to fuch offenders, upon the condition of tranfportation dition of to any part of America, and fuch intention of mercy be fignified tranfporta-by one of his Majefty’s principal fecretaries of ftate; it (hall and may be lawful to any court in that part of Great Britain called the court to Scotland^ having proper authority, to allow fuch offenders the allow the of-benefft of a pardon under the great feal, or under the fcai ap-pointed by the treaty of union to be kept in Scotland in place of ]Jnd ordera* the great feal, and to order and diredt the like transfer and con- like transfer veyance, to any perfon or perfons who will contradt for the per- to be made of formance of fuch tranfportation, and to his or their heirs and af- h,m t^?,e figns, of any fuch before mentioned offenders, in the fame man- {Je coorts ia* ner, and for the fame term of years, as any court in that part of England may Great Britain called England might have ordered and diredted in in tike cafes* the like cafe j and fuch pedbn or perfons fo contradting as afore-£ud, his or their afBgns, by virtue of fuch order or transfer as aforefaid, (hall have the like property and intereft in the fervice of fuch offenders, and for fuch term of years, as he or they would or might have had under the like order from any competent court in that part of Great Britain called England.

III. And whereas the laws now in force in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for preventing muirhurn in forbidden time, or/ found defective and ineffectual) whereby not only the garni) but aj/o many valuable woods and plantations have been dejiroyed: for remedy whereof, be it enadted by the authority aforefaid, That Penalty on no perfon or perfons (hall make muirbum, or fet fire to any perfons mak-heath or muir, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, from we muirbum, the lift day of March to the firft day of November in any aider the penalty of forty (hillings lawful money of Great Bri- or be. imt for the firft offence, five pounds like money for the fecond tween 31 offence, and ten pounds like money for the third and every March Sc * other eifience; one moiety of which penalties (hall belong to the Nor* year y* procurator fifeal, who (hall fue or profecute for the lame, and Application of the other moiety (hall be at the difpofal of the court before which the penalties, the offender or offenders (hall be convi<3cd, for fuch publick 6	ufes.

176

Anno lexto Georgii III. c.33.	[17^

ufes, within the parifh where the offence is committed, as they (hall think (it.

Xnwbat cafes	IV, And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That the

die tenant or tenant, poffeflor, or occupier of the ground, upon which fuch n^elUble to niuirburn (hall be made or difeovered within the forbidden time the Caul penal- aforefaid, (hall be deemed and taken to be guilty of the offence, ties.	and (hall be liable to the feveral penalties aforefaid, unlefs fuch

tenant, poffetfor, or occupier, (hall prove, to the fatisfa&ion of the court, that fuch fire was communicated from fome neighbouring ground; or was raifed upon his or her ground by fome other perfon not in his or her fervice or family.

Penalty not to	V. Provided always, That no perfon or perfons (hall be liable

take place but to any of the penalties hereby enaded, except for fuch offence eomiritte?af-or o™10®8 as fhall be committed after the thirty firft day of ter 31 March, March, one thoufand feven hundred and (ixty feven.

1767.	VI.	And be it enacted by the authority aforefaid. That the

Method of fu- feveral penalties aforefaid may be fued for and recovered before ing for and any two or more juftices of the peace, or before the (heriff of theoGoald^ t*lc county ^here the offence (hall be committed, fubjelt to pCD ”* fuch review as is competent by the law of Scotland in the like cafes.

CAP. XXXIII.

An alt to enable bis Majefty to exchange the lands of Fernan and Lix, in the county of Perth, for other lands belonging to the right honourable John earl of Breadalbane, in Pitkellony, in the faid county of Perth.

Preamble, re- \KT HEREAS by an aft of parliament made in the twenty citing nJ8t%s	V V fifth year of his late Majefty's reign, intituled, An aGt for

Qto. a. c. 41. annexing certain forfeited eftates to the crown unalienably, and for making fatisfa&ion to the lawful creditors thereupon; and to eftablifh a method of managing the fame, and applying the rents and profits thereof, for the better civilizing and improving the highlands of Scotland, and preventing diforders there for the future; the lands and eftates which belonged to John Drummond, taking upon kimfelf the flile and title of lord John Drummond, brother to James Drummond, taking upon himfelf the title of duke of Perth; and the lands of Alexander Robertfon of Strowan, were unalienably annexed to the imperial crown of thefe realms,for certain purpofes in the faid a ft mentioned: and whereas the lands ^/'Fernan, part of the annexed eftate ^Strowan, of the yearly rent offeventy eight pounds 1 twelve jhillingsy and eleven pence Jlerling, lie detached by them-felves at a diftance from the body of the eftate of Strowan, and arefitu-ated in the bofom of the eftate of John earl of Breadalbane, within a mile of Tavmouth, the principal reftdence of his family: and whereas the lands of Lix, part of the annexed eftate of Perth, oj the yearly rent of thirty four pounds^ fix pence, and tivo thirds of a penny Jlerling, lie contiguous to other parts of the faid earl's eftate: and whereas thefe two parcels of crown lands, all lying in the county of Perth, are not only detached from every part of the annexed eftates, but alfo feparated at a mfiderable diftance from them, and from each

other:

l77

*765*J .Anno fexto Gecrgii III. c.33.

tier : and whereas the faid John earl	Breadalbane /V proprietor

f certain parts of the eftate of Pitkellony, in the parifb of Mut-iill, and county of Perth (of greater value than the two parcels of nnexed lands above defer ibea) lying adjacent to, andalmojl fur round-i by, the Perth eflate, and moft commodioujly fituated for the better ccommodation of a village lately built upon that part of the faid e-ate: and whereas it would be of great benefit to bis Majefiy, and to the nnexed efiates, as well as to the find John earl of Breadalbane, that be faid lands of Fernan and Lix were exchanged for fuch parts of the date 0/Pitkellony, belonging to the faid John earl of Breadalbane,

S lie moft contiguous and convenient to the faid annexed efiate of ^crtli, allowing value for value: and whereas the faid exchange can-#/ be compleated, without the aid of parliament: may it therefore leafe your Majefty (upon the petition of the faid John earl of breadalbane) that it may be enadted; and be it enadted by the king’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and con-ent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this irefent parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame.

That it (hall and may be lawful to his Majefty, his heirs, and Hit Maiefty ucceflors, to give, grant, and difpone, unto the faid John earl cnahlea to •f Breadalbane, bis heirs and afligns, all and whole that part and f^o/BnSu onion of the lands and barony of Strowan, called The thirty dalbane the uri lands of Fernan, with the woods thereof, which formerly land* of F«*« donged to the deceafed Alexander Robertfon of Strowan, and "an and re now annexed to the crown, comprehending the particular owns and lands after mentioned; videlicet, The three merk ed, with the and of Tomentyvoir, the three merk land of Bel/inairn, the two teind* and nerk land of Corrichertow, the three merk land of Croftnaline, Pmincnt* he two merk land of Balmonocb, the five merk land of Borcland, thcrc°k he five merk land of Kinhyeallan, the five merk land of Stroan-'em and Margeroy, the two merk land of Lagfcrn, the brew-cat, maltbarn, and kiln of Taynaloan of Fernan, the mill of *ernan\ all and whole the teinds, great and fmall, of the faid thole lands above mentioned, all lying in the parifh of Ken-wre, and (heriffdom of Perth, with the whole parts and pertinents of all the aforefaid lands and others, by whatever name ailed or deferibed in the title deeds thereof: all and whole thofe tarts and portions of the lands and eftate of Perth, called The mis of Lix, extending to a nine merk land, and which for-ncrly belonged John Drummond, taking upon himfelf the ftile nd title of lord John Drummond, brother to James Drummond, a king upon himfelf the title of duke of Perth, and now annexed to the crown, comprehending the particular towns and lands ifter mentioned ; videlicet, The town* and lands of Wejler Lix, vith the croft thereof, the farm or lands of Middle Lix, the arm or lands of Eqfier Lix, with the pendicle thereof: and all Kid whole the teinds, great and fmall, of the faid whole lands ibovc mentioned, with the whole parts and pertinents of the £mfaid lands and others, by whatever name called or deferib-sA in the title deeds thereof, all lying in the parifh of Killine, md (heriffdom of Perth, heritably and irredeemably, in due and Vol. XXVII.	N	com-

178	Anno	fexto	Georgii	III.	C. 33.	[1765*

io exchange competent form, by way of excambion, and in exchange, for landi^Pit- f°^ow*ng Parts and portions of the faid eftate of Pitkelka?, kellony'be- belonging to the laid John earl of Breadalbane; videlicet. All and longing to the whole the ten merk land of the ward of Muthill, with the mea-laid earl. dow, wood, and wood lands, comprehending the park of ward, three parks in Muthill, and the lands of Laeroch, and all parti and pertinents of the feme: all and whole the lands of Pett or Petti Tenantry, extending to a two merk land of old extent, now commonly called Tenantry or Quarter lands of Pett, whereof a part is called Cairngrew, comprehending the well park, and all parts and pertinents of the fame: all and whole the lands of Pett Eafier and IVeJler, comprehending the lands commonly called Drumduie, Muirhoufe, Lurg, and Burnfide •, alfo compre* bending the Burn Park of Drumduie, pendicle of Burnfide of Drumduie, lint mill of Drumduie, Muirhead Roads, and Brodbeg% and all parts and pendicles of the fameall and whole thofe , parts of the town or village of Muthill, with the tenements of | houfes, woolfhops, yards, and crofts, lying therein (not already annexed to the crown) and contained in a difpofition thereof dated twentieth Auguft, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty four, and regiftrate in the books of council andieffion third day of February, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty fix, by Ra* bert Drummond of Pitkellony, to John Campbell efquire, calhier of the royal bank of Scotland; alfo all and whole the cuftoms or tolls of the markets or fairs held in the faid town of Muibillf together alfo with the tiend (heaves and other tiends, aswdl great as fmall, of the whole lands, tenement, and others above written, together with the whole premifles contained in the fold difpofition, by whatever name called or deferibed in the title deeds thereof: all lying within the pari(h of Muthill, and (he* riffdom of Perth5 amounting in all to the yearly rent of one hundred and fixty .five pounds, nineteen (hillings, eight pence* and one third of a penny fterling.

From the date And ** farther enadted by the authority aforefoid. That of fuch grant, from and after the date of fuch grant, fo to be made by his Ma-the recited aft jefty, his heirs, or fucceflors, of the faid lands of Fernan and of 15 Geo. 1. with the tiends and pertinents thereof, in exchange as a«* lates i^tbefe farefaid, the laid adt of the twenty fifth of his late Majefty, b lands, is re- far as it relates to thefe lands, (hall be, and the fame is hereby*, pealed; and repealed; and the faid lands of Fernan and Lix (hall, from the faid lands thenceforth, be difannexed from the imperial crown of thefe froni the6 realms; any thing in the faid adfc to the contrary notwithftand-crownj and fag* and that, from thenceforth, the aforefoid parts and por-the lands tions of the lands and eftate of Pitkellony, which (hall be given ghen in t0 his Majefty in exchange for thefe lands of Fernan and Lix an nexe^tothe afarcfa*d, (hall be, and the feme are hereby, annexed unalien* crown in lieu ably to the imperial crown of thefe realms, under all the con-thereof j ditions, provifions, and limitations, and to the fame purpofes.

and ufes, as contained in the forefeid adt of the twenty fifth of. his late Majefty, in the fame manner, and as effeftually, to all 1

intent* I

17>

1765.] Anno fexto Georgii III. c. 33.'

intents and purpofes, as if thefe parts and portions themfelves had thereby been fpecially and particularly annexed.

III.	And whereas the tenants and pojfejjors of the faid lands of Feman have, by ufage and cuftom, enjoyed and pojfejfed a privilege or fervitude of pajturing and grazing their cattle upon other parts of the faid eft ate of otrowan; and the tenants and pojfejfors of the lands of Lix have, in like manner, enjoyed and pojfejfed the privilege and fervitude of cutting wood, for the necejfary ujes of their farms and pojfffms, upon other parts of the ejlate of Perth; and the tenants and pojfejfors of the before-mentioned parts and portions of the eft ate ^Pitkellony [which are to be given in exchange as afore faid) have, by the like ujage and cuflom, become thirled or bound to the mill of Pitkellony,' commonly called the mill of Steps, for all grain or corn rmfei on thefe parts and portions: and it being proper and expedient tl&tt at carrying the faid exchange into execution f thefe and all other ftrvitudes Jbould be abolijhed and difcharged j be it therefore enadt-ed by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the date of ^ the nm the grant, fo to be made by his Majefty, his heirs, or fuccef- fpedtive prl-fott, of the faid lands of Ferrtan and Lix, in exchange as afore- vileges and fahl, not only the feveral privileges and fervittides immmediate- fsI7It“?Ci

ly herein before enumerated, but alfo all other privileges and byThe" iervkudes claimed or enjoyed by the tenants and pofleflors of tenants, &c. the faid lends of Feman and Lix, of and ftpon other parts of the of thefe lands laid annexed eftates of Strowan and Perth; and by the faid "e t0 ceafe John earl of Breadalbane and his tenants (for the remainder 0fth€reuP°n* the faid lands of Pitkellony and mill thereof) of and upon the tenants and pofleflors of thefe parts and portions of Pitkellony, then to be given in exchange as aforefaid; and by the tenants and pofleflors of the faid annexed eftates of Strowan and Perth, and of the parts and portions of Pitkellony, fo to be exchanged as aforefaid, of and upon the faid lands of Feman zx\d Lix, and remainder of Pitkellony; (hall from thenceforth ceafe and determine,. and be for ever after abolHhed and difeharged.

IV.	And whereas the value of the aforefaid parts and portions of theejlate of Pitkellony, fo to be exchanged as aforefaid, doth exceed the value of the faid lands r/Ternan and Lix, in the fum of three hundred and nineteen pounds, nine Jhillings, three pence, and one fixth

a pennyfterling; be it therefore ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful to his Majefty, his Satiifa&ion to hers, and fucceflors, by warrant under his or their lign manual, be made to the to order payment to be made out of the rents of tne faid an- ja^Kof Brea* aexed eftates, of the aforefaid fum of three hundred and nine- difference teen pounds, nine (hillings, three pence, and one fixth part of of value in the * a'penny, unto the faid John earl of Breadalbaney his heirs, and land* ex-aifigns, to compleat (with the aforefaid lands of Fernan and Lix) changed, the price or value of the parts and portions of the eftate of

fo to be exchanged as aforefaid. '

V.	Saving to all ana every perfon and perfons, bodies poli- Reftrvation tick and corporate, his, her, and their heirs, fucceflors, execu- of right*, fprp,. and adtniniftrators, (other than and except the King’s

rtflft Excellent majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, and the faid

N 2	J»bn

Anno fexto Georgii III. C.34.	[1765,

John carl of Breaialbane, his heirs, and fucceflors) all fuch eftates, rights, titles, intcrefts, claims, and demands, of, in, to, and out of, the lands and premises to be exchanged as afore-faid, as they, every or any of them, had before palling this ad, or (hould or might have had and enjoyed, in cafe this alt had never been made.

CAP. XXXIV.

An ad for widening feveral ftreets, lanes, ways, and pafTages, within the city of Briitol, ana for opening feveral new ftreets and paflages within the fame; and for explaining, amending, and enlarging, the poweo.of the feveral ads patted for paving, cleanfmg, lighting, watching, and regulating, the ftreets, and other places, within the laid city, ana liberties thereof.

Preamble. Corporation impowered to widen certain ftreets, and lay put others; and to treat ftr purchafe of premifles. Bodies politick, &c. impowered to fell and convey. If any refute to treat and fell, or cannot make a title $ the fame to be fettled by a jury. Jurors may be challenged. Witnefles may be examined on oath. Proceedings to be void, in cafe cor* poration omit to pay funis awarded within 3 months, or juftices negled tp lummon a jury. On payment of purchafe-money, premilTes to be conveyed. Mortgagees refuting to take in their mortgage-money, the (amt to be paid into the chamber of the city of Briftol. Receipts to be regtf-tered. Premifles thereupon vetted in the corporation. On application of perfons interefted, purchafe-money to be placed out at intereft. Mefne profits recoverable. Mortgagees, on payment or tender of mortgage-money and intereft, to convey. Tenants to quit on notice given : on re-fnfal, fheriffs, to deliver poftflion. Penalty on (heriffs, &c. not doing their duty. Money pavable to bodies corporate. Sec. to be re-invefted in ptir-chale of other eftates. St. Leonard's church, Sec. to be taken down. Corporation may fell overplus lands. Corporation may contrail for pur-chale of the premifles here mentioned. Width of the fhamblea, Scc. Truftces to fell overplus ground. St. Peter's crofs and pump to be removed : Perfons liable to repair the fame, are to repair the new. Lamps to be kept lighted from fun letting to fun riting. Contrails to be made yearly for lighting, and cleanfing, the ftreets. See. Parifh officers may prosecute for breach of contrail; except, See. Contrails not liable to ftamp duty. Parifh officers not to have any concern in contrails. On death or collators, executors to account. Diftrefs may be followed. Rates may be apportionedArrears may be levied; but former colle&or, &c.not thereby indemnified. Limitation of appeal. Paving to be under the in-fpellion of the furveyors of the highways; fubjeH to the direHion of the mayor. Sec. Surveyors may caufe gouts or fewers to be altered, ire. Expence thereof how to be defrayed. Houles unoccupied, how to be charged. Regulation refpe&ing ftreets made fince 12 Geo. 2. Carriage of goods limited. Exceptions. Power to prevent annoyances. Form of conviHion. Penalty on perfons interrupting the paflage through the ftreets, See. No materials to be worked up on the banks of the Froome, without leave. Power to regulate liens, Scc. and alter fpouts, See. Spouts, Scc. of publick buildings, by whom to be regulated. Upon pre-fentment of houfes, Sec. being in a ruinous condition, corporation to order them to be inclofed; owners to pay the charges. Houfes rebuilt, not to projell beyond the ftory pofts; ana to have party walls. Application of penalties and forfeitures. Orders not to be ouafned for want of form, nor removable by Certiorari. Perfons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter feflions. Penalties may be mitigated. Limitation of altioiu. General iffuc. Treble cells. Publick all.



Ahno fcxto Georoii III. c. 35.

lit

CAP. XXXV. hi m3 to continue an a8 made in the thirty feconi year of bis lete majefty King George the Second, for continuing, mending, explaining, and making more effeBual, an oSf node in the nineteenth year of his faid Majefty, more QeBually to prevent the frauds and abufes committed ib \ie admeafurement of coals, within the city and liberty of Weftminfter, and other places therein mentioned.

HE REAS the lows herein after-mentioned which have, by Preamble.

If experience, been found ufeful and beneficial\ are near expiring : it therefore pleaie your mod excellent Majefty, that it may ~~ded; and be it enaCted by the King’s mod excellent r, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiri-and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament af-

and by the authority of the fame. That fo much of an So much of in the nineteenth year of his late majefty King George the	*9	*•

, intituled. An aft more ejfeftuaUy to prevent the frauds and s committed in the admeafurement of coals within the city and Of of Weftminftcr, and that part of the duchy of Lancafter f thereto, and the feveral parijhes of Saint Giles in the Saint Mary le Bon, and Juch part of the parijb of Saint , Holborn, as lies in the county of Middlefex, which was mtinue in force from the twenty fourth day of September, thoufand feven hundred and forty fix, for three years ; which, by three fubfequent a£ts made in the twenty third, fixth, and thirty fecond years of his faid Majefty, was continued to the twenty fourth day of June, one thou-feven hundred and fixty fix, and from thence to the end of |ben next felfion of parliament; as was not altered by an as made n the thirty fecond year of his faid Majefty, intituled,

'mB ftr ntinuing, amending, explaining, and making more ef- 32 \ an aft made in the nineteenth year of his prefent Majefiy's intituled, An a& more effectually to prevent the frauds bofes committed in the admeafurement of coals within the tod liberty of IVeflminfier, and that part of the duchy of IJfar adjoining thereto, and the feveral parifhes of Saint m the Fields, Saint Mary le Bon, and fuch part of the pa-af Saint Andrew, Holborn, as lies in the county of Middlefex j life the faid laft-mentioned alt; which were to continue in together with to the faid twenty fourth of June, one thoufend feven hun- the laft men-and fixtjjftx, and from thence to the end of the then next	**•

of pari [lament, ftull be, and the fame are hereby further ltd, from the expiration thereof, until the twenty fourth *+Junc^ ijfa f-JSwr, one thouund feven hundred and eighty, and from tQ the end of the then next feflion of parliament.

*3

CAP,

tU

Anno fexto Georgii III. e.3 CAP. XXXVI.

1*7**

Preamble.

Penalty on cutting down! fpoil in g, carrying away, &c* ta the night-time, any oak or other timber trees;

or roots, Jhrubs, or plants, of 5 s. value, in any garden, nur-lery, or indef-ed ground; is felony.

Court impow-ered to tranf-port the offender for 7 years i

The aiders and abettors therein.

Ah aft for encouraging the cultivationf and for the better prefervation, of trees, roots, plants, and fbrubs.

WHEREAS divers perfons have, of late years, wilfully and maltcioufly cut down, barked, or otherwife defrayed, timber trees, and trees Jlanding for9 and likely to become, timer, growing as well in the feveralfor efts, chafes, and other open grounds, as in the woods, and plantations, and inclofed grounds, within this kingdom; to the great detriment of the owners of Juch trees, and to the dif-eouragement of planting in general, Jo beneficial to Great Britain: and whereas the difpofition of nurfery men to improvements in plants ing and gardening, through Great Britain, is alfo of great ufe to the publick; and many nurfery men, gardeners, and others, have collided and cultivated, at great expence, roots, fbrubs, and plants, of every country, and imported, cultivated, and exported, great quantities thereof, and do thereby fupport tbemftlves and many others of bis Majeffs fubjefts: and whereas many evil-difpofed perfons, well knowing the value of fuch roots, Jhrubs, and plants, have, of late years, frequently entered into nurferies, gardens, and other inclofed grounds in general, and of the nurfery men and gardeners in particular, and have dug up, taken, or carried away, out of fuch nurferies, gar-dens, and grounds, roots, Jhrubs, and plants, and likewife defrayed others on the fpot, to a very confiderable value: be it therefore enabled by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and ccnfent of the lords fpiritijal and temporal, and com* mons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the fecond day of June, one thoufand (even hundred and fixty fix, all and every perfon and perfons who (hall, in the night-time, lop, top, cut down, break, throw down, bark, burn, or otherwife fpoil or deftroy, or carry away, any oak, beach, a(h, elm, fir, chefnut, or afp, timber tree, or otner tree or trees (landing for timber, or likely to become timber, without the confent of the owner or owners thereof firft had and obtained; or (hall, in the night-time, pluck up, dig up, break, fpoil, or deftroy, or carry away, any root, (hrub, or plant, roots, (hrubs, or plants, of the value of five (hillings, and which (hall be growing, (landing, or being, in the garden ground, nurfery ground, or other inclofed ground, of any perfon or perfons whomfoever; (hall be deemed and con-ftrued to be guilty of felony; and every fuch perfon or perrons (hall be fubjefi and liable to the like pains and penalties as in cafes of felony; and the court, by and befdft whom fuch perfon or perfons (hall be tried, (hall, and herebyTiave authority to tranfport fuch perfon or perfons, for the fpace of feven years, to any of his Majefty’s plantations in America, in like manner as other felons are direded to bo tranfported by the laws and ftatutes of this realm: and all and every perfon and perfons who (hall be wilfully aiding, abetting, or aflifting, in (Qc(i cutting down, breaking, throwing down, barkingytum-

? .................' ’ ’ % *§>

1765.'] Anno fexto Georgii III. c. 37.	183

ing, or otherwife fpoiling or deftroying, or carrying away, any filch oak, beach, a(h, elm, fir, chefnut, or afp, timber tree, or a"d P*^"* other tree or trees (landing for timber, or likely to become tim- orrecdJefach ber, as aforefaid j or in fucb plucking up, digging up, cutting, r0ot», flirubs, braking, fpoiling, or deftroying, or carrying away, fuch root, or plants, (hrub, or plant, roots, (hrubs, or plants, as aforefaid, of the knowing the value aforefaid} or who (hall buy or receive fuch root, fhrub, or plant, roots, (hrubs, or plants, of the value aforefaid, know. at,ie to like * ing the lame to be ftolen j(hall be fubje& and liable to the fame ponithmenr,

Einifhment, as if he, (he, or they, had ftolen the fame; any a* thfy had w to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.	9™the

CAP. XXXVII.

Ah	to explain,	amend,	and render more effectual, an a£t

made in the fourth year of bis prefent Majejly's reign, for the better regulating of buildings, and to prevent mifcbiefs that may happen by fire, within the weekly bills of mortality, and other places therein mentioned.

YT/HEREAS fo much of the ait pajfed in the fourth year ^Preamble, re-YV the reign of his prefent majejly King George the Third, in- .Clt,"£ tided. An ad for the better regulating of buildings, and to matt.4Gco' 3. prevent mifehiefs that may happen by fire, within the weekly %

Mils bf mortality, and other places tnerein mentioned, as relates to pulling down or rebuilding of partitions or party walls be-tioetn boufe and boufe, enaJls, That fo much of the ait of parliament node in the eleventh year of the reign of his majejly King George he .Firft, as relates to party walls within the faid city and liberty of Weftminfter, or any parijh, precinit, or place, comprized within the welly bills of mortality, or within the feveral parijhes of Saint Vlaiy le Bone and Paddington, or within the parijhes of Chelfea md Saint Pancras, or either of them, in the county of Middlefex except the city of London and the liberties thereof and alfo except fbe party walls of houfes on fhe river of Thames below bridge) tnndd, from and after the pa fling of the Jaid 'aft of the fourth year f the reign of his prefent Majefty, extend, and be conjlrued, deemed\ md taken to extend, to all cafes whatfoever within the faid city and iberty ofWeftminfter, and the feveral parijhes, precinfts, and limits xforefaid, where it is or Jhould be necejfary to pull down and rebuild tny party wall, whether either of the adjoining houfes Jhould or Jhould tot bo, or require to be rebuilt, or new built: and that from and af-or the paffmg of the faid laft-mentioned atl, in cafe the major part f the workmen appointed in manner preferibed by the faid at7, made mi pajfed in the eleventh year, of the reign of his majejly King Scorge the Firjl, to view the party wall of any houfe or houfes, within the faid city of Weftminfter, and the feveral parijhes* pre-infis, and limits aforefaid, intended to be pulled down, Jhould not,

'within tbe%fpace of one calendar month next after fuch appointment, fgn a certificate in writing as by the faid lajl-mentioned all is re-fuirei, then, and in every fuch cafe, it Jhould and might be lawf 1 f for (try two or mm of bis Majejly s jufiices of the-peace

V is re±

awfuljM

i8*	Anno	fexto	Georgii	III.	c.37.	[1765.

city or county, refiding within or near the parijh, liberty, or precinft, where the houfe or houfes, having fuch party wall or wads intended to be pulled down, Jhould /land; and fuch two or more jujlices wen thereby authorized and required, upon fuch application to them for that purpofe made by the owner or occupier of either of the boufit between which the party wall fo propofed to be pulled down Jhould be, to name and appoint one other able workman to be added to the workmen appointed by virtue or in purfuance of the faid aft of the eleventh of George the Firjl\ and the workmen fo appointed by virtue and m purfuance of the faid la/l~ mentioned aft, and of the faid aft of the fourth of his prejent Majejly, or the major part of them, who Jhould meet for that purpofe (ten days notice having been given to, or left at the dwelling-bouje of each and every of them, of fuch intended meeting) Jhould view the party wall Jo propofed to be pulled down: and in cafe the major part of fuch workmen Jhould certify in writing, under their hands, that fuch party wall was defeftive and bad, and ought to be pulled down; then, and in fuch cafe, it Jhould and might be lawful to and for the owner or occupier of either of the faid adjoining houfts to caufe fuch party wall to be pulled down and , rebuilt; and he or /he Jhould have fuch remedy for recovering a moiety of the expences thereof, as in and by the faid aft of the eleventh year of his late majejly King George the Fir ft, was given or provided; Jubjeft nevertheless to Juch appeal to, and determination by, the juJUcet of the peace, as by the fame aft was direfted: and whereas, notwith-Jlanding the direftions of the faid recited afts, touching the pulling down ruinous, bad, and defeftive party walls, wilful and litigious perfons may endeavour to prevent the fame being done, by oppofmg the entry of the firjl builder into the houfe which adjoins to fuch party wall, in order to the flooring up the fame, for the purpofe of taking down the faid party wall; be it therefore enacted by the King's mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent Where, upon parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That * copy of a from and after the pafling of this a<5t, when the major part of IWercd^that a wor^mcn have certified in writing under their hands, party wallU*as aforefaid, that the party wall of any houfe or houfes within defective, and the faid city and liberty or IVeJlminJler, and the feveral parishes, ought to be precincts, and limits aforefaid, is defeftive and bad, and ought admiuance11* t0 ^ Pu^cc* down * then, and in every fuch cafe; if any owner fliaU be refufed or occupier of either of the houfes adjoining to fuch party wall into the ad* (hall, upon notice given of fuch certificate as aforefaid, by defining houfes, Jivering to him or her a copy thereof, or leaving the fame at the

to (hore up the fame,

or pull down fuch wall 1

the juftice, fore whom

place of his or her abode, refufe admittance to any builder or builders, his and their fervants or workmen, or other perfons employed, to (hore up fuch houfes, or to pull down fuch party wall; then, upon oath made by fuch builder or builders, his and their fervants or workman, or other perfons employed for the purpofes aforefaid, of the fervice of the copy of fuch certifi-in manner aforefaid, and of fuch refufal, before one or >rp juftice or juftices of the peace for the (aid county, city, or ty, it (hall and may be lawful for fuch juftice or juftices

before

the 1 dhate.

w

1765-] Anno fextoGEoRGii III. c 37.	185

before whom fuch oath or oaths (hall be made, and they are complaint of hereby required, by warrant or warrants under his or their ^11 be made [lands and feals, to authorize, and impower fuch builder ormaygranta 9 builders, his and their fervants or workmen, or other perfons, warrant of en-in the prefence of a conftable or other officer of the peace, at try, &c. my time after the end of fourteen days after a true copy of the Taid warrant (hall be left at the houfe in which fuch (horing is intended to be, between the hours of eight in the morning and four in the afternoon, to enter into and upon the houfe adjoining to fuch party wall, for the purpofe of (horing up fuch houfe, and pulling down fuch party wall; and if the outer door of fuch houfe (hall be (hut, and the owner or occupier thereof, or other perfon therein, (hall refufe to open the fame, being thereunto demanded, to break open fuch outer door, and remove any goods, furniture, (helves, or other matter or thing whatfo-ever, which (hall obftru6t the execution of the faid works re-fpe&ively; and from and after fuch entry as a fore (aid, it (hall and the work-and may be lawful to and for fuch builder or builders, their "P*11 may fervants or workmen, or other perfons employed by them, from time to time, to re-enter into and upon the laid premises, andCeed in the abide therein the ufual times of work, for the (horing up the execution of (aid houfe, and taking down fuch party wall, and rebuilding thethcir worlu feme: and if any fuch owner or occupier, or other perfon or Penalty of perfons, (hall in any manner obftrud or hinder the execution of obftruaing the faid works; every fuch owner or occupier, or other perfonthcm# or perfons, fo offending, (hall, for every fuch offence refpedtive-ly, forfeit the fum of live pounds; to be recovered and levied in like manner as the penalties are to be recovered and levied by the faid recited a<$t of the fourth year of his prefent Majefty.

II.	Provided always neverthelefs, That no builder or build- Jn ^ t cafef ers, or his or their workmen, fervants, or agents, or other per- entry may not fons, employed to build fuch party wall, or to fhore up fuch be made by houfe, (hall make any entry by virtue of' any fuch warrant virtue °f fuch from any juftice of the peace as aforefaid, unlefs feme generalwarrauU*

or quarter feffion of the peace for the county, city, or liberty, hath happened, after fuch certificate and notice thereof, ten days at the leaft before the figning (uch warrant by fuch juftice of the peace; nor in cafe any fuch certificate (hall have been quafhed at fuch general or quarter feflion.

III.	And whereas by the faid a6t of the fourth year of the Claufes in a# reign of his prefervt Majefty, it is enafted. That from and af-4Gco* S-ter the three calendar months therein mentioned, no timbers,

except the timbers of the girders and binding joifts, and the templets under the fame, (hall be laid into the party walls erefted or built within the faid city or liberty of Weftminjlery and the parifties, precin&s, and limits aforefaid; and that no timber of the roof be laid into fuch party walls, except the

{mrloins or kerb thereof; and that the ends of girders and bind-ng joifts, lying within fuch party walls, (hall not exceed nipe inches; and that none of the ends of the girders or bincfoig in adjoining tjoyfes Ihall meet or be laid oppoiite to <$ch

other -t

i$6 *	Anno	fcxto	Georcii	III.	c.37.	[1765.

other; and that the fides thereof (hall be at leaft fourteen inches diftant from each other; and that there (hall be nine inches at leaft of foliid brick work .left at or between the ends of all lentils, wall-plates, and bond timbers, which may or (hall be laid in or upon the walls of the fore and back fronts of all houfes which (hall adjoin to each other: and whereas it is found by experience, that the feveral rules, regulations, and directions, herein before recited, are inconvenient, and no Regulations to means of preventing the fpreading of fire; be it therefore beobferred enadted and declared by the authority aforefaid. That front with refpea to and after the palling of this adt, no timbers, except the tint-im^party ” ^>ers the girders, binding joifts, and the templets under walls j7 the fame, ana neceffary bond timbers, (hall be hud into the party walls eredted or built, or to be eredted or built, according to the dire&ions of the faid recited a£t of the fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, within the faid city or liberty of We} \minftery and the parifhes, precinfts, and limits afore* faid; and,that no timbers of the roof belaid into fuch party walls, except the purloins or kerb thereof; and that the ends of girders, and binding joifts, lying within fuch party walls, (hau not exceed nine inches; and that none of the ends of the girders, or binding joifts, in adjoining houfes, (hall meet, or be laid oppofite to each other; and that the fides thereof lhall be at leaft nine ioches diftant from each other; and that there (hall be nine inches at leaft of folid brick work at or between the ends and fides of all bond timbers; any law, ftatute, cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary thereof in any wife Penalty on notwithftanding : and that if any head builder, mafter brick-builder, &c. layer, or workman, (hall offend contrary to the true intent and not complying meaning of this prefent aft, he (hall be liable to all the penal-wkh the laid ties contained and comprized in the faid recited aft of the regulations. fourth year cf hi, prefent Majefty, to be fued for and recovered in manner in the (aid aft mentioned and declared.

Provi(ion,with IV. And be it further enafted. That from and after any refpea to a houfe or other building is erefted, any perfon who (hall build next ^^joining thereto, and make ufe ot the party wall thereof, ufe oTparty f°r laying in the timbers, or for any other purpofe whatsoever, walls by (hall pay to the perfon or perfons who hath the property in fuch adjoining wall, one half of the value of fuch wall, or of fo much thereof houfes. as fuch pcrfon> who (hall build next adjoining thereto, (hall make ufe of, according to fuch price for each rod thereof, as (hall be eftimated and determined by two indifferent perfons, one to be chofen by each party; and in cafe they differ in opinion thereabout, then the fame to be referred to one indifferent perfon, to be chofen by fuch arbitrators; and which value, when fo eftimated and determined, (hall be recovered and recoverable in like manner as the price of party walls is direfted to be recovered by the faid recited aft of the fourth year of the reign of his prefent Maieftjr.

Claufe in aft V, And whereas by the faid recited aft of the fourth year of bis 4 Geo. j.	prefent Majefty, a penalty of fifty pounds is infitfled upon the bead

fuilder9

187

jy65.]	Anno fexto GeoRG 11 III. c. 37;

builder, mafler bricklayer,	workmen, ntgleft to build

every houfe thereafter to be built, according to the directions of the faid recited aft, gne moiety thereof to be pend to the informer,	the

ether moiety to the poor of the parijb wherein fucb building Jhall be erected; yfaA penalty and penalties to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, fuit, or information, in any of his Majejlfs courts of record at Weftminfter: and whereas, fince the pafjing of the faid recited aCt, there has been a very great increafe of buildings within the limits aforefaid\ and man* of the boufes fo built, are not in every refpeft built according to the directions of the faid recited aCt\ whereby toe feveral owners and head builders thereof have incurred the faid penalties, and feveral perfons are informed againfl, and now under frofecutionfor the fame: and whereas, after conviction of perfons for the faid offences, and payment of the penalties inflicted by the Jaid aft, the parties fo offending may neverthelefs faffer the defects in fucb houfes to remain, inftead of amending the fame, and thereby in great eneafurefruftrate tie intent propofed by toe faid aft, for preventing mijehiefs from fire: and whereas the Jaid firft owners, bead builders, or workmen, of fuch houfes fo irregularly built, are wilting and de~ ftrous to make good the laid defects, whereby the intent of the faid aft would be fully anfwerea, provided they may be exemptedfrom the penalties already incurred thereby; be it therefore enadted by the authority aforefaid, That if any a&ion, bill, plaint, fuit, or information, Claufelbr exit and are now depending in any of his Majefty’s courts of re- cmPt“X* UP-cord at IVeJlminfler, or before any of his Majefty’s juftices the peace, againft any fuch firft owner, head builder, or work- firft owners man, for not having built fuch houfe or houfes conformable to and others the diredtions of the faid recited adfc; it (hall and may be law- *** P®* ful for the court where the feme (hall be refpedtively brought, curred and fuch court is hereby required, authorized, and impowered, not hanog on the application of fuch defendant or defendants, to make a built con-rule for the plaintiff or informer, in fuch adtion, bill, fuit, or information, to fet forth the particular defedt or irregu-	a&

larity complained of in the building fuch houfe or houfes; and of* Geo. if fuch defendant or defendants lnall thereupon enter into an agreement for making good the irregularities and defedts fo complained of, and rendering the building of fuch houfes conformable to the direction of the faid recited z&, within a certain time to be fpecified in fuch agreement, and (hall be defi-rous that fuch agreement (hould be made a rule of any of his Majefty’s courts of record; that then, fuch agreement being fo made, (hall and may, upon producing an affidavit of the execution thereof by the witnefles thereunto, or any of them, in the court of which the fame is agreed to be made a rule, and reading and filing the faid affidavit in court, be entered of record in fuch court; and a rule (hall thereupon be made by fuch court, that fuch defendant or defendants (hall, within a certain time to be limited and fpecified in fuch rule, make good the defedts and irregularities complained of, and render the building of fuch houfe or houfes conformable to the diredtion of the faid recited |St 5 and that fiich defendant or defendants (hall moreover pay

fuch

i

188

Upon conforming to the regulations of the ad, and the defe&s complained of being made good,

Defendant to be difeharged from the penalties.

This ad not to extend to the indemnification of per-fons, againft whom final judgement nas already been given.

From and after i June, 1766, head buildet*. See. ading contrary to the directions of the former or present ad, are made liable not only to the penalties incurred, but to makegood the defeds and irregularities of* which they (hall he con-vi&edj

Anno fexoo Georgii III. c. 37.	11765*

fuch cods as the faid court (hall dired and award; and alfo it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch juft ice or juftices of the peace, before whom any information or informations as afore-faid is or are now depending, and fuch juftice and juftices of the peace are hereby required, authorized, and impowered, on the application of any (irft owner, head builder, or workman, againft whom fuch information or informations (hall be given and laid, to accept and receive fuch agreement to make good the defeds and irregularities complained of, and to render the buildings of fuch houfes conformable to the directions of the faid recited ad.

VI.	And be it further enaded. That in every fuch cafe, it (hall and may be lawful for, and fuch court and juftices of the peace is and are hereby required, authorized, and impowered, on fuch firft owner, head builder, or workman, making appear to them refpediveiy, that the defeds and irregularities complained of are made good, and the building of fuch houfe or houfes rendered conformable to the diredion of the faid recited ad, according to his or their agreement entered into for that purpofe, to indemnify, free, and difeharge, every fuch defendant and defendants, of, from, and againft, all penalties and for* feitures incurred or to be incurred for or by reafon of not having originally built fuch party walls purfuant to the diredions of the faid ad, or for or by reafon of any other defed or irregularity, whereby fuch houfes are otherwise built than purfuant to fuch diredions; any thing in the faid ad contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

VII.	Provided always. That this ad, or any thing herein contained, (hall not extend, or be conftrued to extend, to indemnify any perfon againft whom final judgement (hall have been given in any adion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record, for any penalty incurred by having negleded to make fuch party walls, or, in any other refped, to build fuch houfes purfuant to the directions of the faid ad of the fourth year of his prefent Majefty.

VIII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That if any head builder or mafter bricklayer (hall, from and after the firft day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty fix, ered or build, or caufe to be ereded and built, any houfe or houfes within the faid city or liberty of IVeJiminJhr, and the parifhes, precinds, and limits aforefaid, contrary to the diredions of the faid recited ad, or of this prefent ad; then every fuch head builder or mafter bricklayer dial! not only pay the penalties whereof he or they (hall be convided, but alfo (hall, within the fpace of fix months next after his or their being convided of fuch offence in manner by the faid recited ad preferibed, make good all fuch defeds and irregularities whereof he or they (hall have been fo convided, and render the building of fuch houfe or houfes conformable to the diredions of the faid recited ad, or of this prefent ad: and in cafe fuch head builder or mailer bricklayer (hall not, within fix months after

fuel*

1765*]	Anno fextoGEORGii III. c.37.-	189

itch convi&ion, have made good fuch defers and irregularities, and rendered the building of fuch houfes conformable to the direftions of the (aid recited aft, or of this prefent aft ; and if they then, every fuch head builder, mafter bricklayer, or workman,

(hall forfeit the further fum of fifty pounds, to be applied as doTngthey aforefaid, and to be likewife levied and recovered in manner as forfeit more-by the faid recited aft is directed, and fo toties quoties, for every over 50I. &c.

Gx months that fuch defefts and irregularities (hall continue, and fuch houfe or houfes remain built otherwife than conformable to the directions of the faid recited aCt, or of this prefent aft.

IX.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid. Workman That if any workman or fervant to fuch head builder or mafter taking on bricklayer, (hall wilfully, carelefly, or negligently, and with- himfdf to aft out the direction, privity, or confent, of fuch head builder JP®1^ISafont or mafter bricklayer, do any thing toward the building of fuch Qf recked houfe or houfes, contrary to the directions of the faid recited aCt, or prefent aft, or of this prefent aCt, every fuch workman or fervant fo offend- forfeits 5I. ing, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of five pounds, to be paid to the informer; and if the fame (hall not be paid immediately upon his being convicted of fuch offence before one or more juftice or juftices of the peace for the faid. county of MiddUfex, or for the city and liberty of tVeftminJiir,	%

upon the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witnefles (which oath fuch juftice or juftices is and are hereby impow-ered to adminifter) or upon his own confeflion; then the of- and if not fender (hall, by warrant under the hand and feal of fuch juftice or juftices, be committed to the houfe of correction for theSccomrakted (pace of three months, without bail or mainprize, unlefs the for 3 months, (aid penalty (hall be fooner paid.

X.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, Limitations of That if any adtion (hall be brought, or fuit commenced, oraftionsand information given to any of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace informations for the faid county of MiddUfex, or city or liberty of JVeJlmin- and JUr, againft any perfon or perfons, for any thing done by any builders, firft owner, head builder, or head workman, contrary to the % . true intent and meaning of the faid recited ^Cts paffed in the

iixth and feventh years of the reign of her late majefty Queen Anne, and in the eleventh year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Firft, and in the fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, or of. this aft, fuch aftion, fuit, or inr formation, (hall be laid or brought within three months next after the faft done, and not afterwards.

XI.	And be it further cnafted by the authority aforefaid, Limitation of That if any aftion (hall be brought, or fuit commenced, aftions againft againft any perfon or perfons for any thing done in purfuance Pcrli)n8

p? the faid recited aft of the fourth year of his prefent Majefty, (JJ^frfoance Of of this aft, fuch aftion or fuit (hall be laid or brought within 0f act4Geo. 3. fix months next after the faft done, and not afterwards; and or of this aft, fhall be laid or brought in the county or place where the faft jrss committed, and not elfcwhqre; ?nd the defendant or de-6	'	fendants

igo	Anno fexto GAoRgii III. c. 38.	[1765,'

General ifliie. fen da nt* in fuch aftion may plead the general Hliie, and give this aft, and the fpecial matter in evidence, at any trial to be - had thereupon; and that the fame was done in purfuance and 1	by the authority of this aft: and if the fame fhall appear to

have been fo done, or if any aftion or fuit (hall not be brought within the time before limited, or (hall be brought in any other county or place than as aforefaid, then the jury (hall find for the defendant or defendants; or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall become nonfuited, or fuffer a difcdntinuance of his or their aftion or aftions, or if a verdift (hall paTs againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs, or if, upon demurrer, judgement (hall be given againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the laid

Treble coft*. defendant or defendants (hall have treble cofts, and (hall have fach remedy for recovering the fame, as any defendant or de-' fendants hath or have for cofts in any other cafes by law.

Pabfick aft. * XII. And it is hereby further enafted. That this aft (hall be deemed and taken to be a publick aft; and (hall be judicially taken notice of as fuch, by all judges, juftices, and all other perfons whatfoever, without fpecially pleading the fame.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An ail far rtpfHng the feveral duties	houfes, windows,

and tights; and far granting to bis	other duties

upon houfes,	windows, and .

Moft gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS fiver at rotes and duties were granted apart baufes, and	windows, or , by an off of parliament

in the twentieth year of the reign of bis late	King George

AftsoGeo.*.	Second, intituled, An aft for repealing the (everal rates and

* duties upon houfes, windows, or lights; and for granting to his Majefty other rates and duties upon houfes, windows, or lights ; ana for railing the fum of four millions four hundred thoufand pounds by annuities, to be charged on the faid rates or duties; and alfi by an all made in the thirty ftrjl year of the Aft 31 Gso. a. reign of his faid late Majefty, intituled. An aft for granting ro hit Majefty (everal rates and duties upon offices and penfions, and upon houfes, and upon’ windows, or lights; and for railing the ftim of five millions, by annuities and a lottery, to be chaiged on the (aid rates and duties : and whereas fiveral further rates and duties were granted upon windows, or lights, by another made in the fecond year of the reign of bis	Majefty, intituled. An

Aft a Geo. 3. aft for granting to his Majefty feveral rates and duties upon windows, or lights: and whereas the faid rates and duties do not bear in many rejpefls a proper proportion to each other, and the payment thereof hath been greatly evaded; we, your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjefts, the commons of Great Britain in parliament aflembled, do therefore think it will be for the advantage 61 the public to repeal the prefent rates and duties upon houfes, and windows, or lights; and to grant unto your Majefty the feveral new rates and duties heron after mentioned, to be applied*-ah

well

1765.] Anno fexto Georgii III. 0.38.	191

well to the ufes and purpofes which the faid rates and duties formerly granted are now applicable unto, as to make good to the fund commonly called the finking fund the payment of * any annuities which lludl be granted, in this prefent fclfion of parliament, towards railing the fupply for the fervice of the year one thouland feven hundred ana iixty fix, and charged upon fuch fund; and do moft humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be enabled; and be it enabled by the King's more excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent. parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame, That Fromam) affront and after the tenth day of O&obtr, one thoufand feven terioOdtober, hundred and fixty fix, all the rates and duties upon houfes, apd upon windows, or lights, granted by the faid three leveral ^hed J!t* C a efts of parliament, fhall ceafe, determine, and be no longer are to ceafe; paid, or payable; except only fuch monies as fhall have become (all arrears due in refped of the faid rates and duties aftelled at any time on thereof ex-or before the laid tenth day of Ofltber, one thouland feven hundred and fixty fix, and which lhall be in arrear and unpaid..

II.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, and in lieu That from and after the faid tenth day of	,	one thou- thereof the

fend feven hundred and fixty fix, there mail be charged, raifed, levied, and paid, unto his Majefty, his heirs, and fuccefiors, the tobepaidt leveral and refpedive rates and duties upon houfes, and upon windows, or lights, herein after mentioned j that is to fay,

For every dwelling-houfe inhabited, which now is or here- 3«. per annum after lhall be eroded within that part of Great Britain, called luTctwafch* England,the yearly fum of three (hillings.	habited withiw

For every dwelling-houfe inhabited, which now is or here- England; after lhall be eroded within that part of Great Britain called, and ss. per Seotbmd, the yearly fum of one (hilling.	annum jorall

And for every window or light, in eveiy dwelling-houfe in- m 8cot“ ■ habited, or to be inhabited, within and throughout the whole JmJ kingdom of Great Britain, which lhall contain feven windows, Hng-boufe* * or Oghts, and no more, the fum of two pence for each win- throughout dow, or light, in fuch houfe.	Great Britain,

For every window, or light, in every dwelling-houfe as afore- J1*117 wj“" faid, which lhall contain eight windows, or lights, and no	,

more, the yearly fum of fix pence for each window, or light, wit’h g win. in fuch houfe.	do»a,«Leacbr

For every window, or light, in every dwelling-houfe as ...	..

afurefeid, which lhall contain nine windows, or lights, and no 9101	*

■or, the. yearly fum of eight pence for each window, or light, in fuch houfe.

For every window, or light, in every dwelling-houfe as ^th 10—iod, ■brefeid, which lhall contain ten windows, or lights, and no more, the yearly fum of ten pence for each window, or lights h» fuch houfe.

For every window, or light, in every dwelling-houfe as with n—itr aferefeid, which lhall contain eleven windows, or Tights, and

no - ■

91

Anno fexto Geor<$ii III. c.38.	[1765.

no more, the yearly fum of one (hilling for each window, or light, in fuch houfe. with 11— 1 s. For cvcry window, or light, in every dwelling-houfe as afore-ad,	*	faid, which (hall contain twelve windows, or lights, and no

more, the yearly fum of one (hilling and two pence for each window, or light, in fuch houfe. with 13 — 11. For every window, or light, in every dwelling-houfe as afore-faid, which (hall contain thirteen windows, or lights, and no more, the yearly fum of one (hilling and four pence for each ‘	window,	or	light, in fuch houfe.

with 14 to 19 For every window, or light, in every dwelling-houfe as afore-—ss.^d. faid? which (hall contain fourteen, fifteen, (ixteen, feventeen, eighteen, or nineteen windows, or lights, and no more, the

irearly fum of one (hilling and fix pence for each window, or ight, in fuch houfe. with to—1 s. For every window, or light, in every dwelling-houfe as afore-7<t	faid,	which	(hall contain twenty windows, or lights, and no

more, the yearly fum of one (hilling and feven .pence for each window, or light, in fuch houfe. with u — 1s. ^or every w>ndow, or light, in every dwelling-houfe as afore-ad.	*	faid,	which	(hall contain twenty one windows, or lights, and no

more, the yearly fum of one (hilling and eight pence for each window, or light, in fuch houfe. with t»—1 #. For every window, or light, in every dwelling-houfe as afore-faid, which (hall contain twenty two windows, or lights, and no more, the yearly fum of one (hilling and nine pence for each window, or light, in fuch houfe. with 13w.1i. For every window, or light, in every dwelling-houfe as afore-iod.	faid,	which	(hall contain twenty three windows, or lights, and

no more, the yearly fum of one (hilling and ten pence for each window, or light, in fuch houfe. with 14—11. For every window, or light, in every dwelling-houfe as afore-11 d.	faid,	which	(hall contain twenty four windows, or lights, and

no more, the yearly fum of one (hilling and eleven pence for each window, or light, in fuch houfe. with 15 or And for every window, or light, in every dwelling-houfe as upwards, is. aforefaid, w^ich (hall contain twenty five windows, or lights, or each.	upwards,	the yearly fum of two (hillings for each window, or

light, in every fuch houfe.

Window tax to be paid, over and*’ above the duties on houfes.

Houfes in Scotland, with not more than &Pind(Mfs, .

exempted from the duty

III.	Provided neverthclcfs, and it is the true intent and meaning of this a&, That the faid feveral and refpe&ive yearly fums herein before charged upon every window, or light, contained in every fuch dwelling-houfe as aforefaid, (hall be paid over and above the faid refpedtivc duties of three (hillings, and one (hilling, upon houfes before mentioned.

IV.	Provided always. That no houfe or cottage in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, that has not more than five windows, or lights, (hall pay, or be liable to pay, the duty «£ one (hilling impofcd on each houfe by this prefent a&.

oq houfes,

V.	And

i7*5-] Anno fe*to Georgii III, c. 38.	193

V.	And be it further enadted and declared by the authority Rate* made aforefaid, That if any rate or afleffment hath been or (hall

made in purfuance of the faid former adts, or any of them, for ^ rclucft of railing all or any of the rates and duties thereby granted upon any timeaf-houfes, windows,, or lights, for and in refpedt of the quarter, terloO&ober, half year, or any other time, after the faid tenth day of Oftober, 1766> one thoufand feven hundred and fixty fix ; every fuch rate or afiefiment, fo far as the fame relates to the railing fuch rates and are declared duties in refpedt of fuch quarter, half year, or other term, after nu * the faid tenth day of Oftobcr, lhall be null and void.

VI.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. Rates to be That the rates and duties by this adt granted lhall be paid quar- paid quarter-terly, at the four moll ufual days of payment in the year ; that

is to fay. On the fifth day of January, the fifth day of April, the fifth day of July, and the tenth day of Oftober, by even and equal portions ; the firft payment thereof to be made upon the fifth day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty feven.

VII.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, Thefe rates That the laid feveral rates and duties by this adt impofed, and and duties, alfo the arrears of the rates and duties granted by the faid for-

mer adts, lhall be raifed, levied, collected, and paid, into his tobe patd into Majefty’s exchequer for the purpofes in this adt exprefled, in the exchequer, fuch and the like form and manner, and with fuch allowances, according to and under fuch penalties, forfeitures, and disabilities, and ac- tbVu-fei^c* cording to fuch rules, methods, and directions, as are prefcribed **rc cn m or appointed for railing, levying, collecting, and paying, the duties on houfes, and windows, or lights, in and by the faid adts of parliament made in the faid twentieth and thirty firft a0» 3* years of the reign of his faid late Majefty, and in the fecond Oe0‘ *" year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, and in arid by one other » Geo. j. adt of parliament made in the twentieth year of his faid late Majefty’s reign, intituled, An aft to enforce the execution of an aft *o Geo. a, of this feffion of parliament, for granting to his Majefly feveral rates and du-ies upon houfes, windows, or lights; and in and by an adt

parliament made in the twenty firft year of his faid late Ma- andu Geo. a* jelly's reign, intituled. An aft for explaining, amending, and further enforcing the execution of, an aft paffed in the lafl feffion of parliament, intituled. An adt for repealing the feveral rates and duties upon houfes, windows, and lights; and for granting to his Majefty other rates and duties upon houfes, windows, or lights; and for railing the fum of four millions four hundred thoufand pounds by annuities, to be charged on the faid rates or duties; and all and every the powers, authorities, rules, direc- Powers, See. tions, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things, now of the recited in force, and not hereby altered, contained in the faid five fe- a<^s extended veral adls of parliament, or any of them, for the railing, levy- t0 ing, colledling, and paying, the rates and duties thereby granted* (hall be in full force, and be du^y obferved, pradtifed, and put in execution, throughout the whole kingdom of Great Britain, for railing, levying, collecting, and paying, the feveral ratps.and duties upon houfes, and upon windows, or lights, by Vol. XXVII.	O	this

i£4

Comraiflion-

er* for the

this aft, on or before n Oft. 1766.

.Separate af-

turned by 13 Dec. 1766.

Surveyors to certify their

mitred as formerly.

Anno fexto Georgii III. c. 38.	[1765.

this aft granted, as effectually, to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame, or the like powers, authorities, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and re-enaCled in the body of this prefent ad.

VIJI And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefoid, That the commiflioners authorized for putting in execution tbc recited afts to five former uCts, or any of them, for all and every the re-exrrntionof fpc&»ve counties, (hires, ftewartries, ridings, cities, boroughs, cinque ports, towns, and places refpe&ively, within Gnat Bri-tain, (hall meet together at the mod ufual and common place of meeting within fuch counties, (hires, ftewartries, ridings, cities, boroughs, cinque ports, towns, and places respectively, within Great Britain, on or before the eleventh day of Oflobtr, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty lix \ and mall then divide themfelves to aCt in feparate diftriCts, and proceed in the execution of this prefent aCt, for aflefling, raifing, levying, and collecting, the duties hereby granted, in fuch and the fame manner, to all intents and purpofes, as are preferibed by the faid five former aCts, or any of them, with refpeft to the rates and duties thereby impofed, except fuch parts only of the faid aCts *5 are hereby altered.

IX.	Provided neverthelefs, and be it further enaCted by the (edmentstobe authority aforefaid. That feparate aflefTments (hall be made out, made out for for rajf,ng the duties hereby impofed, from the laid tenth day and m be «r- October, one thoqfand (even hundred and fixty fix, to the tihed and re- fixth day of Aprils one thoufand feven hundred and fixty feven ^ which afleflments (hall be certified by the afleflors, and returned by them to the faid commiflioners on or before the third day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty fix; and that the furveyors of the faid duties (hall and may, on or before tb^baU^ear's l^e twent,et^ day of February, one thoufand feven hundred and afoffment^by ^xtY feven* certify their furcharges, for raifing the faid duties ao Ftb. 1767. for the faid half year, to the faid commiflioners ; and that all Appeals to be appeals, in refpeCt to the laid half year’s aflefTments, (hall ^nd {‘-dbet.eeo may heard and determined between the fixth day of March% Aprn*jCi767* onc thoufand feven hundred and fixty feven, and the fourth Duplicates of day of April following; and that the faid commiflioners (hall theaffrflYnents caufe true duplicates of the faid aflefTments, for the faid half to be trani- year, to be made out, delivered, and tranfmitted, in fuch manner as is directed by any of the faid former aCts with refpcCt to . the duplicates of the aflefTments therein mentioned ; and that i^6Cr	^rom and a^er	day April, one thoufand feven hun-

feVta’ents tobe dred and fixty feven, the duties hereby granted (hall be afleffed made for the annually for one whole year, to commence from the fifth day whole, year, of April in each year.

Moni«arifing X- £“*ube it fimlier enafted by the authority aforeftid, by the former That all the monies which (hall have an fen by the rates and rates tobeap-duties granted by the Taid former aCts, upon houfes, and win-plied as the dows, or lights, and (hall be paid into the receipt of the ex-prefent. chequer, after the (aid tenth day of Qflobtr, one thoufand feven

hundred

1765-] Anno fexto Georgii III. c.38;	195

hundred and fixty fix, (hall be applied in fuch manner as the rates and duties hereby granted are direfted to be applied.

XI.	And be it further enaftcd by the authority aforefaid, 9**485 f> $d.

That from and after the faid tenth day of Oftobet, one thou - 3q- tobeyeir^ fand feven hundred and fixty fix, there (hall be referved andfetou[o?thefaid apart, at the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, and applied to ratet, to the the fund commonly called The General or Aggregate Fund, out finking fund-, of the rates and duties hereby granted, the yearly fum of ninety	th0

one thoufand four hundred and eighty five pounds, and fix thTreout pence, three farthings, in lieu of the like yearly fum, which by by virtue of the faid firft mentioned aft, made in the twentieth year of his act ao Geo, i, faid late Majefty’s reign, was directed to be fet apart and applied, in like manner, ouf of the rates and duties thereby granted, towards paying the feveral annuities, and other payments.

Charged on the faid fund, in fuch manner as is therein mentioned.

XII.	And whereas the rates and duties upon houfes and windows, rr lights, granted by the faid aft made in the thirty fir (I year of the 'iign of his faid late Majefiy, were together with certain other du-ieSj made a fund for payment of the annuities thereby efiablifhed; it i therefore necejfary that part of the rates and duties by this aft \ranted, Jbould be applied towar ds payment of the faid annuities, in

ten of the faid rates and duties; be it therefore enaftcd by the au- 91,117!. tof.' honty aforefaid. That from and after the faid tenth day of *d\*JK*

Oftober, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty fix, the yearly annuaHyC«t urn of ninety three thoufand two hundred and feventeen pounds, the exchequer en (hillings, one penny, and one (ixth part of a penny, being out of the faid he amount of the annual produce of the faid rates ana duties, Jatcs» . ipon a medium of fix years laft paft, (hall be alfo referved and ing the^n-^" et apart at the faid receipt of the exchequer, out of the rates nuities efta-nd duties hereby granted, and (hall be applied towards paying blifhed by ad he annuities eftabltfhed by the faid ad.	3* £*>• *•

XIII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. Surplus roo-fhat the refidue of the produce of the faid rates and duties (hall ^ed^nto the^ e carried to, and made part of, the fund commonly called The finking fund. nking fund, in lieu of fuch part of the rates and duties hereby spealed, as are applicable to fuch fund; and alfo towards mak-ig good to the fame fund, the payment of fuch annuities as lallbe charged thereupon by any aft of this feffion of parlia-icnt.

XIV. And whereas a certain annuity or yearly fum of feventy four oufamd three hundred and thirty four pounds, and eleven pence, was oat payable to the South Sea company, out of certain rates and duties >on tends, culm, and cinders, and upon certain former duties upon nfis ; which lafi mentioned dut ies were repealed by the faid aft made tie twentieth year of his faid late Majefiy s reign, and it was oreti provided^ That if the Jaid duties upon coals, culm, and cinders, ndabe at any time deficient to pay the faid annuity, that fuch delate} Jbould be made good out of the rates and duties thereby granted, d ly. this' aft repealed; be it therefore enafted by the authority Tteafury to ' (ffttidi That if the monies arifing into the faid receipt of ex- makegood oat

O 2	chequer	ot

1

19$	Anno	fcxtoGEORGii III. c. 39.	[1765.

inj fund, any chequer of or for the faid duties upon coals, culm, and cinders, {•JJjg °f (hall, at any time or times, from and after the faid tenth day of onawl/culm, Oftober, be deficient to anfwer to the faid South Sea company and cinders, fuch monies as (hall be payable in refpedt of the faid annuity or after 10 O&o- yearly fum ; in every fuch cafe it (hall and may be lawful for the ber, to pay commiflioners of his Majefty’s treafury, or any three or more I du^to th/ lhem, now being, or the high treasurer, or any three or South Sea more of the commiflioners of the treafury for the time being, company. and he and they is and are hereby refpedlively authorized and required to caufe fuch deficiencies to be made good out of the faid fund commonly called The finking fund, after paying, or referving fufficient to pav, all fuch monies as have been diredted by any former adt or adts of parliament to be paid out of the fame.	?

XV. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That if any perfon or perfons (hall, at any time or times, be, fued or profecuted for any thing by him or them done or executed in purfuance of this adt, or of any matter or thing in this adt contained, fuch perfon or perfons (hall and may plead the General iffue. general iflue, and give the fpecial matter in evidence, for his or their defence; and if, upon the trial, a verdidt (hall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall become nonfuited; then fuch defendant or defendants (hall have Treble cods, treble cofts to him or them awarded againft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs.

C AP. XXXIX.

An aft for raiftng the fum of one million five hundred thou-fand pounds, by way of annuities and a lottery, to U cbarged on the finking fund.

Preamble.

The fum of 1,500,0001.

framed i to e railed, viz. 900,0001. thereof by annuities, and 600,0001. by a lottery.

Natives or foreigners, who, in books opened at the bank.

Moft gracious Sovereign,	I

WE your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjedts, the j commons of Great Britain, in parliament affemblec^to- I wards railing the neceffary fupplies to defray your Majefty’s pub-lick expences, have freely refolved to give and grant unto your Majefty, the fum of one million five hundred thoufand pounds, to be raifed in manner followings that is to fay. The fum of nine hundred thoufand pounds by annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum; and the fum of fix hundred thoufand pounds by a lottery, to confift of fixty thoufand tickets, every blank to be of the value of fix pounds; the blanks and prizes to be attended with the like three pounds per centum annuities, in fuch manner and form as are herein after appointed; and do therefore moft humbly befeech your Majefty, that it may be enadted ; and be it enadted by the King’s moft excellent majefty,' by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That for or towards railing the faid fum of one million five hundred thoufand pounds, it (hall and may be lawful to and for all perfons, natives or fo-

reigners.

1765.] Anno fexto Georgii III. c. 39.	197

reigners, and bodies politick or corporate, who, in purfuance of have fubfcrib-the faid refolution, (hall have, on or before the eighth day °f May, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty fix, in books open- 9^o>000i. ed at the bank of England for that purpofe, tubfcribed and agreed * tG contribute to the payment of the faid fum of nine hundred thoufand pounds, and in purfuance of the faid refolution de-pofited with, or paid to, the caftlier or cafhiers of the governor o^theiTfub" * and company of the bank of England, for the time being, the fcription-mo-fum of fifteen pounds per centum, in part of the fums by them ney, Tubfcribed refpeftively, towards raifing the faid fum of nine hundred thoufand pounds, to advance and pay, and they, or their executors, adminifirators, fucceflors, and aflfigns, are hereby required to advance, and pay to the faid caftlier or caftliers are to pay the (who is and are hereby appointed the receiver or receivers, as remainder as well of fuch contributions, as of the contributions upon account herein direft-of the faid lottery, without any further or other warrant to be c<*« fued for, had, or obtained, in that behalf) the remainder of the feveral fums fo fubferibed towards the faid fum of nine hundred thoufand pounds, on or before the refpe&ive days, and in the proportions herein after limited.

II.	And, for raifing the faid fum of fix hundred thoufand The faidteon-pounds by way of lottery, be it further enafted by the autho- ?ril?uIt®r# riiy aforefaid, That the contributors to the faid fum of nine every* 60I. fo hundred thoufand pounds, who (hall have made fuch depofit as fubferibed, to aforefaid, or the executors, adminifirators, fucceflors, oraffigns, ♦ tickets io of fuch contributors, (hall, for every fixty pounds fo fubferibed tbc lQt^ry» and agreed to be contributed towards the faid laft mentioned

fum, be refpeftively intitled to four tickets in fuch lottery, upon payment of ten pounds for each ticket, on or before the refpec- paying 101. tive days, and in the proportions herein alfo after apointed.	for each tickst.

III.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. Remainder of That the contributors, or the executors, adminifirators, fuc- the fubferip-ceflors, or afiigns, of fuch contributors, who (hall have made tions towards fuch depofit as aforefaid of fifteen pounds per centum, in part of n^tle^ro^e the fums by therri Severally fubferibed, as a fecurity for making pa;(j. v\z, their future payments towards the faid fum of nine hundred thoufand pounas, (hall make the fame accordingly on or before

the refpeftive days, and in the proportions following; that is to fay. The further fum of ten pounds per centum per annum, be- *ol. per cent, ing part of the fum fo remaining, on or before the ninth day of | June» June*, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty fix; the further 17	5

fum of ten pounds per centum, other part thereof, on or before ,0b P*r cent, the fifteenth day of July then next following; the further fumbyi*JuIyi of fifteen pounds per centum, other part thereof, on or before the fifteenth day of Augujl then next following; the further fum y 5 s 5 of fifteen pounds per centum, other part thereof, on or before***1, Pfrccnt* the fifteenth day of September then next following; the further	>5ScPr*

film of fifteen pounds per centum, other part thereof, on or be- J5i. percent, fore the fifteenth day of Oftober then next following; and the by 150ft.and remaining fum of twenty pounds per centum, on or before the **!• percent, fifteenth day of November then next following j and that the ** NoVf

0 3	monies

19*	Anno fexto Georgii IIL c. 39:	^1765.

Subfcriptions monies to be paid by the laid contributors, or their executors, tobei>aidery ^miniftrators, fucceflbrs, or afligns, towards railing the faid viz. P * fum of fix hundred thoufand pounds by way of lottery, (hall be paid to the faid calhier or ealhiers on or before the refpedive days, and in the proportions following; that is to fay. The % per cent, fun* of twenty five poundsdrr centum of fuch monies, on or be-by 40 June; fore the twentieth day of Juney one thoufand feven hundred and 45I. per cent, fixty fix; the further fum of thirty five pounds per centum^ other by 15 July 5 part thereof, on or before the fifteenth day of July then next 40I percent f°^ow*ng > and the remaining fum of forty pounds per centum, by i/sept. * on or betore the fifteenth day of September then next following. Subfcribers to IV* And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That the faid fum the fevcral fubferibers or contributors, their executors, admini-of £00,0001. ftrators, fucceflbrs, and afligns, in refped of the faid fum of jumuity of a*l ninc hundred thoufand pounds, (hall be intitled to an annuity per cent. 3 after *he ratc three pounds per centum per annumy for and upon every one hundred pounds by them refpe&ivcly fubfcribed, advanced, and paid, towards the faid fum, redeemable by parliament ; which annuity (hall commence and be computed from the fifth day of 'January, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty fix; and that the faid fum of fix hundred thoufand pounds, to The6oo,«ool. be raifed by the faid lottery, lhall carry an annuity after the rate a^otte^^to^	t^rec Pounc*s Per centum p^r annum ^ redeemable by parliament \

carry an m- ar^ ^ mentioned annuity lhall commence and be com-reft of 31. puted from the fifth day of January, one thoufand feven hun-percent. dred and fixty feven ; and all the faid annuities lhall, from their to commence refpe6hve commencements, be paid by half yearly pay-S *an* ments, in even and equaljportions, on the fifth day of July, and Intereft on the fifth day of January, in every year, both fums to be paid half yearly, oil 5 July, & 5 January.

Subfcribcrs V. And ^11 farther enadled by the authority aforefaid. That paying the all fuch fubferibers or contributors, their executors, ad mini lira-whole oftheir tors, fucceflbrs, and afligns, paying in the whole of the fums by fubferiptions them refpedfively fubfcribed towards the faid fum of nine hundred thoufand pounds, on or before the thirteenth day of Gtfa-ber, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty fix; or paying in the whole of the refpedtive fums to be by them paid towards the faid lottery, on or before the fourteenth day of July next § (hall be allowed an intereft, by way of difeount, after the rate of three lottery, on or pounds per centum per annum, on the monies fo paid for com-to bellowed pleating their contributions refpe&ively, to be computed from intereft, by the day of compleating the fame, to the fifteenth day of Ne-way of dif- vember> one thoufand (even hundred and fixty fix, in refpedt of count, for the the monies fo paid for compleating fuch contributions to the lame.	faid fum of nine hundred thoufand pounds; and to the fifteenth

day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty fix, in relpedt of the monies fo paid for compleating fuch contributions to the faid lottery; which allowances (hall be paid by the faid calhier or ealhiers out of the monies fo contributed reipedHvdv, as foon as fuch fubferibers or contributors, their executors, acU. miniftrators, fucccflprs, or afligns, (hall have compleated fuch.

re-

Intereft to commence from 5 Jan 1766.

towards the annnities on or before 13 Oftober,

and to the

1765.] Anno fcxto Georgii III. c.39.	199

refpedive payments 5 and that all the contributors towards the faid lottery, their executors, adminiftrators, fucceffors, or afiigns, Tickets for paying in the whole of the money to be by them refpeflively the lottery to contributed towards the faid fum ot fix hundred thoufand pounds,be ddivered (hall have lottery tickets delivered to them to the amount of the completing* principal fum fo by them paid for the purchafe thereof; at the their fuWcrip-rate of ten pounds for each ticket, as foon as fuch tickets can tions. conveniently be made out.

VI.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. Annuities

That all the faid annuities (hall be transferable at the bank of made tranf-England.	fcrrable-

VII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Receipts to bt

That the cafhier or ca(hiers of the governor and company of the fPven for the bank of England, who (hall have received or (hall receive any	the

part of the faid contributions towards the faid fum of nine hun- fajd funj 0f dred thoufand pounds, (hall give a receipt or receipts in writing 900,000!.

to every fuch contributor for all fuch fums; and that fuch re- the fame are oeipf (hall be aflignable, by indorfement thereupon made, at any made tranf. time before the fifth day of December, one thoufand feven hun- fe|Tabl** dred and fixty fix, and no longer.

VIII.	Provided always. That fuch cafhier or cafhiers (hall Cafhier of the

give fecurity to the gooa liking of any three or more of the com- bank to give tniffioners of the treafury, or the high treafurer for the time be- kcunty *or ine, for duly anfwering and paying into the receipt of his Ma-	*

efty’s exchequer for the publick ufe, all the monies which he paying over it they hath or have already received, and (hall hereafter receive, the laid mo.’ rom time to time, of and for the faid fum of one million five’n,“,nto lb* sundred thoufand pounds, and for accounting duly for the fame,*cx \ cc,ucr* md for performance of the truft hereby in him and them re-

K>fed; and (hall, from time to time, pay all fuch monies as bon as he or they lhall receive the fame, or any part thereof,* ir within five’ days afterwards at the fartheft, into, and (hall tccount for the fame in, the exchequer, according to the due rourfe thereof; deducing thereout fuch fums as (hall have been said by him or them in purfuance of this aft; for which fums fo paid allowance (hall be made in his or their accounts.

IX.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Treafury to That it (hall and may be lawful.for three or more of the com-niffioners of the treafury, or the high treafurer for the time fCrvjCeS voted sting, to iffiie and apply, from time to time, all fuch fums of this feffion. money as (hall be fo paid into the receipt of his Majefty’s ex-

rhequer by the faid ca(hier or cafhiers, to fuch fervices as (hall hen have been voted by the commons of Great Britain in this prefent feflion of parliament.

X.	And be it further enalted by the authority aforefaid, Name* ofcon« That in the office of the accomptant general of tne governor

m

tnd company of the bank of England for the time being a book books t0 be sr books (hall be provided and kept, in which the names of the provided by mntribntors (hall be fairly entered; which book or books the the accompt-tid rdjpa&ive contributors, their refpeftive executors, admini- thcSSc-fcnotv fuedeflorsj and affigns, (hall and may, from time to	1

O 4	time,



200	Anno	fexto Georgii III. c. 39;	[1765.

tobeinfpe&ed time, and at all feafonable times, refort to and infpeft, without gratjs:	any	fee or charge \ and that the faid accomptant general (hall.

Duplicates to on or before the fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred intothe^u- aRd ^xty tranfmit an attefted duplicate, fairly written on paper, of the faid book or books into the office of the auditor of the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, there to remain for ever.

XI.	And be it further enabled by the authority afbreiaid, That fuch contributors duly paying their contribution-monies at or before the refpeftive times in this aft limited in that behalf, and their refpeftive executors, adminiftrators, fucceffors, and affigns, (hall have, receive, and enjoy, and be intitled, by

ditor's office of the exchequer.

Contributors, duly paying their contribution monies, intitled to a propor

tionable (hare virtue of this a<51, to have, receive, and enjoy, their proportion-able (hare of the faid annuities of three pounds per centum per annum by this aft granted, and (hall have good and fure interefts and eftates therein, fubjeft neverthelefs to redemption as is herein after mentioned; and that all the annuities by this aft granted, (hall be free from all taxes, charges, and impofitions, what-foever.

XII. Provided always, That in cafe any fuch contributors, who have already depofited with, or (hall hereafter pay to, the faid ca(hieror calhiers, any fum or Turns of money, at the times and in the manner before mentioned, in part of the fum or fums to be by them refpeftively contributed or paid towards the faid fum of nine hundred thoufand pounds, or their refpeftive executors, adminiftrators, fuccelTors, or affigns, (hall not advance and pay to the faid cafhier or calhiers the refidue of the fum or fums fo to be contributed or paid, at the times and in the manner before-mentioned; then, and in every fuch cafe, fo much of the refpeftive fum or fums as (hall have been aftual-

of the annuities;

and the (ame are to be tax-free j

but where the fums Tub. (bribed (hall not be duly jaid.

the depofit,

tec. is forfeit

thC PUb~ paid, in part thereof, to the faid cafhier or cafhiers, (hall be forfeited for the benefit of the publick; and all right and title to the faid annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, in refpeft thereof, (hall be extinguiftied ; any thing in this aft contained to the contrary thereof in any wife not* withftanding.

Credit to be XIII. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid,

fiven, in the That as foon as any contributprs, their executors, adminiftra* iook* at the tors, fucceffors, or affigns, (hall have compleated their pay-tribiitoVs com mcn,s the whole fum payable by them refpeftively towards pleating their the ^d °f n*ne hundred thoufand pounds, the principal payments to fpm or fums fo by them fubferibed and paid refpeftively, (hall the faid fum forthwith be, in thg books of the bank of England, placed to pf 900,000). . tjie crecjjt 0f fuch refpeftive contributors, their executors* ad-ipiniftrators, fucceffors, and affigns, competing fuch pay-ferfons, to ments refpeftively; and the perfons to whofe credit fuch prin-whofe credit cipal fpms (hall be fo placed, their refpeftiye executors, admi-* . niftrators, fucceffors, or afligns, (hall and may have power to nayaflign the affign and transfer the fame, or any part, (hare, or proportion

C

me



thereof, to any other perfon or perfons, body or bodies politick gf cprpopitp, ^h^tfofver, in tlje books pf thp bapk pf Jyifkvdi

and

i7*5-]

Anno fexto Georgii III. c.39.

aoz

and luch fums (hall carry an annuity after the rate of three the faid fums pounds per centum per annum, and (hall be taken and deemedto to be (lock transferrable, according to the true intent and mean-^eft^and be ing of this aft, until redemption thereof, in fuch manner as is deemed tranf-herein after mentioned.	ferrable ftock.

XIV.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, Annuities That all the annuities by this adt granted and made payable, in charged on refpedl of the faid fum of one million five hundred thoufand the jinking pounds, (hall, from the refpedtive commencements thereof, befund# charged and chargeable upon, and are hereby charged upon,

ahd made payable out of, the monies which (hall, from time to time, arife and be in the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, of or for the furplufles, excefles, overplus monies, and other revenues, compofing the fund commonly called TheJinkingfund, after paying or referving fufficient to pay all fuch (urns of money as have been diredted by any former adts of parliament to be paid out of the lame.

XV.	And, for eftablifhing a proper method for drawing the

faid lottery, be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, diredtors of That fuch perfons as the commiflioners of his Majefty’s treafu-'the lottery to ry, or any three or more of them now being, or the high trea- j* VP01"*** furer, or any three or more of the commiflioners of the treafury trca* for the time being, (hall nominate or appoint, (hall be managers and diredtors for preparing and delivering out tickets, and to overfee the drawing of lots, and to order, do, and perform, fuch other matters and things as are hereafter in and by this adt diredted and appointed by luch managers and diredtors to be done and performed j and tnat fuch managers or diredtors ftiall yvfetbod of meet together, from time to time, at feme publick office or the lottery place, for the execution of the powers and trufts in them re- books, pofed by this adt; and that the faid managers and diredtors, or fo many of them as (hall be prefent at any fuch meeting, or the major part of them, (hall caufe books to be prepared, in which every leaf (hall be divided or diftinguifhed into three columns ; and upon the innermoft of the faid three columns there (hall be printed fixty thoufand tickets, to be numbered, one, two, three, and fo onwards in an arithmetical progreflion, where the common excels is to be one, until they rife to and for the number of fixty thoufand $ and upon the middle column in every of the faid books (hall be printed fixty thoufand tickets of the fame breadth and form, and numbered in like manner; and in the extreme column of the faid books there (hall be printed a third rank or feries of tickets, of the fame number with thofe of the other two columns; which tickets (hall feverally be of an oblong figure, and in the faid books (hall be joined with oblique' lines, fiouri(hes, or devices, in fuch manner as the faid managers and diredtors, or the major part of them, (hall think mod fafe and convenient; and that every ticket in the third or tatreme column of the laid books (hall have written or printed (hereupon {befides the number of fuch ticket) words to this1



LOT-

aoa

Anno facto Georgii III. c. 39.*	[1

LOTTERY, Anno one tboufand /even hundred and

fixtyfix.

THIS Ticket will inti tie the bearer thereof to fix pounds, or to a better chance, in annuities, at the rate or three pounds her , eftabliihed by an ad of parliament made in tne fixth year of his Majefty’s reign, and transferable at the bank of England.

Manager* to XVI. And it is hereby enabled, That the faid managers and examine the directors, or fo many of them as (hall be prefent at fuch meet-book.i ing, or the major part of them then prefent, (hall carefully ex-and^eUrer am‘ne the faid- books, with the rickets therein, and take care them after to that the fame be contrived, numbered, and made, according to the calhiers of the true intent and meaning of this ad; and (hall delivef; or the bank, uk- caufe to be delivered, the fame books, and every or any of them, £r tK*^*-* 88 lhey ihall be examined, to the cafhier or calhiers of the go-* vernor and company of the batik of	,	taking	from	fuch

calhier or calhiers an acknowledgement in writing, under his of their hand or hands, importing his or their receipt of fuch book or books, and lb many tickets therein as (hall be delivered to him or them refpe&ively; and all and every fuch calhier or calhiers refpedively is and are hereby direded and required, from time to time, to cut out of the raid book or books fo to-be put into his or their cuftody, through the faid oblique lines, flouri(hes, or devices, indentwife, in the faid extreme columns,-fuch tickets as (hall be necefiary to be delivered to the fcveral perfons intitled thereto as aforefaid; which tickets the faid calhier or calhiers (hail fign with his or their Own name or names5 and he or they (hall permit the refpe&ive perfon or perfons fo intitled, if it be defired, to write his or her name or mark on the cor-refponding tickets in the fame book; and at the fame time the-faid calhier or calhiers (hall deliver to fuch perfon or perfons the ticket fo cut off, which he, file, or they, are to keep and: ufe for the better ascertaining and Securing the intereft which; be, (he, or they, his, her, or their executors, adminiftntors, fucceffors, or aiugns, (hall or may have in the faid annuities. Calhiers to XVII. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid,-return the That the faid calhier or calhiers, on or before the third day of books with Ofltber, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty fix, (hall re-de-Aereimiinder iiver t0 tj,e managers and directors, at their faid office of ** e.' place of meeting, all the faid books, and therein all the ticket* which the laid calhier or calhiers (hall not have cut out of the fame, and delivered to the perfons intitled thereto, as afore-’ laid; and (hall then and there alfo deliver to the faid manager* and directors a true and juft account in writing, under his of their hand or hands, of all fums of money accrued or come fa the hand* of fuch calhier or calhiers, by or for the tickets dew livered, or to be delivered, out purfuant to this id, and hot* the fame, or how much thereof, fball have been actually pah!

203

1765.] Anno ferco Georgii HI. c. 39.

by fuch cafhieror caftuers into the receipt of the exchequer for the purpofes herein mentioned.

XVIII.	And be it further enaded, That the £iid managers Tickets of the tod directors, or the major part of them, which (hall be prefent ®*ddle coat a meeting as aforefaid, (hall caufe all the tickets of the mid- roi?ed uo and die columns in the books made out with three columns, as a- fattened with forefaid, which (hall be delivered back to them, by or from the filk *

faid calhier or cadiiers as aforelaid, to be carefully rolled up and made faft with thread or (ilk ; and the faid managers or direct- ?nd cut off ors, or the major part of them as aforefaid, (hall, in their pre-fence, and in the prefence of fuch contributors or adventurers as marked with will be there, cauie all the (aid tickets, which are to be fo rolled the letter (A) up and made (aft as aforefaid, to be cut off indentwife through tb? faid oblique lines, flourifties, or devices, into a box to be prepared for that purpofe, and to be marked with the letter (A) which is prefently to be put up into another ftrong box, and to Box to be be locked with feve'n different locks and keys, to be kept by as locked up ta& many of the faid managers, and fealed with their seals, or foaled, the feals of feme of them, until the faid tickets are to be drawn, as is herein after mentioned ; and that the tickets in the firft or innermoft columns of the faid books, (hall remain ftill in the books for difeovering any miftake or fraud (if any (hould happen to be committed) contrary to the true meaning of this ad.

XIX.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. Books to be That the faid managers and directors, or the major part of prepared with them, which (hall be prefent at any meeting as aforefaid, (hall1 c?lui?n,£.°? alfo prepare, or caufe to be prepared, other books, in which Z:keti every leaf (hall be divided or diftinguiftied into two columns; to be printed* and upon the innermoft of thofe two columns there (hall be

girted fixty thoufand tickets, and upon the outermoft of the id two columns there (hall be printed fixty thoufand tickets, all which (hall be of equal length and breadth, as near as may be; which two columns in the faid books (hall be joined witn feme flourifh or device, through which the outermoft tickets may be cut off indentwife; and that eleven thoufand nine hundred and forty five tickets, part of thofe to be contained in the outermoft columns of the books laft-mentioned, (hall be, and be called the fortunate tickets, to which extraordinary benefits (haU belong, as is herein after mentioned; and the faid managers, and directors, or the major part of them, or fuch of them as (hall be prefent at a meeting as aforefaid, (hall caufe the faid fortunate tickets to be written upon, or otherwife expreffed, as well in figures as in words at length, in manner following; that is to (ay. Upon two of them feverally ten thoufand pounds prin- The number cipal money; upon two of them feverally five thoufand pounds and value of principal money ; upon every one of four of them feverally, the fortunate two thou&nd pounds principal money; upon every one of ten UcKct*# of them feverally, one thoufand pounds principal money; upon every one of twenty of them feverally, five hundred pounds principal money 5 upon every one of one hundred of them' fe-verally, one hundred pounds principal money; upon every one

of

204

Anno fexto Georgii III. c. 39/	[1765.

of two hundred and one of them feverally, fifty pounds principal money; upon every one of eleven thoufand fix hundred and fix of them feverally, twenty pounds principal money: which principal fums, fo to be written, or otherwife expreffed upon the faid fortunate tickets, together with five hundred ,	.	pounds principal money, to be allowed to the owner of the firft

Irft drawn* drawn ticket, and one thoufand pounds principal money to the ticket, and owner of the laft drawn ticket, over and above the benefits 10001. to the which may happen to belong to the two laft mentioned tickets, and, laft drawn, together with the fum of fix pounds which (hall be paid or allowed for and upon each blank or unfortunate , ticket of the faid lottery, will amount in the whole to the principal fum of fix hundred thoufand pounds, to be converted into annuities by virtue Tickets of the of this a£t in refpect of the faid lottery; and the faid managers outermoftco- and directors, or the major part of them, who (hall be prefent lumns of the a meeting as aforefaid, ftiall caufe all the faid tickets contained t^k^be c<* *n outermoft columns of the faid laft-mentioned books to rolled up and be, in the prefence of the faid managers and dire&ors, or the tied,	major part of them, which ftiall be prefent at a meeting as afore-

faid, and in the prefence of fuch contributors or adventurers as will then be there, to be carefully rolled up and fattened with and cut out thread or filk, and carefully cut out indentwife through the faid indentwife, flourifli or device, into another box, to be prepared for this pur-int°ic*d°* h P°k* 3nc* to be marked with the letter (B), which box (hall be thHetterfB) put into another ftrong box, and locked up with feven different Box to be locks and keys, to be kept by as many of the faid managers, locked up and and fealed up with their feals, or the feals of fome of them, un-fealed.	til thefe tickets (hall alfo be drawn in the manner and form here-

in after mentioned; and that the whole bufinefs of rolling up, and cutting off, and putting into the faid boxes the faid tickets, and locking up and foaling the faid boxes, (hall be performed by the faid managers and directors, or fuch of them as aforefaid, before the laft fix days immediately preceding the day by Publick no- this aft appointed for the drawing the faid lottery : and to the tice to be end every perfon concerned may be well aflured that the countergiven of part of the fame number wiih his or her ticket is put into the ting the nckl *X)X markcd w^b the letter (A) from whence the fame may be cts into the * drawn, and that other matters are done as hereby directed, fome boxes.	publick notification in print (hall be given of the precife time or

times of putting the faid tickets into the faid boxes, to the end that fuch adventurers, as (hall be minded to fee the fame done, may be prefent at the doing thereof.

Lottery to be- XX. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, gin drawing * That on or before the feventeenth day of November^ one thou-on 17 Nov. fand feven hundred and fixty fix, the faid managers and direc->76$.	tors (hall caufe the faid feveral boxes, with all the tickets there-

in, to be brought into the guildhall of the city of London, fo that the fame may be there, and placed on 2 table provided fop that purpofe, by nine of the clock in the forenoon of the fame • Method to be day 5 a^d (hall then and there feverally attend this fervice, and observed in	the two box$$ containing tl)e faid tickets, to be feverally

See,

1765-] Anno fexto Georgii III. c.39.	205

takfen out of the other two boxes, in which they (hall have been locked up; and the tickets or lots in the refpedtive innermoft boxes being, in the prefcnce of the faid managers and directors, or fuch of them as fhall be then prefent, and of fuch adventurers as will be there for the fatisfa&ion of themfelves, well (haken and mingled in each box diftin&ly; fome one indifferent and fit perfon, to be appointed and directed by the (aid ma- . nagers, or the major part of them, or fuch of them as (hall be then prefent, (hall take out and draw one ticket from the box where the faid numbered tickets (hall be as aforefaid put; and one other indifferent or fit perfon, to be appointed and dire&ed in like manner, (hall take out a ticket or lot from the box where the faid eleven thoufand nine hundred and forty five fortunate, and forty eight thoufand and fifty five blank tickets ihall be promifcuoufiv put as aforefaid; and immediately both the tickets fo drawn (nail be opened, and the number, as well of the fortunate as the blank ticket, (hall be named aloud ; and if the ticket taken or drawn from the box containing the fortunate and blank lots (hall appear to be a blank, then the numbered ticket fo drawn with the faid blank at the fame time drawn, fhall both be put upon one file; and if the ticket fo drawn or taken from the box containing the fortunate and blank lots (hall appear to be one of the fortunate tickets, then the principal fum written upon fuch fortunate ticket, whatfoever it be, (hall be entered by a clerk, which the faid managers, or the major part of them as aforefaid, (hall employ and overfee for this purpofe, into a book to be kept for entering the numbers coming up with the faid fortunate.tickets, and the principal fums whereunto they (hall be intitled refpedtivejy, and two of the faid managers fhall fet their names as witness to fuch entries; and the faid fortunate and numbered tickets fo drawn together, (hall be put upon'another file; and fo the faid drawing of the tickets (hall continue, by taking one ticket at a time out of each xbox, and with opening, naming aloud, and filing the fame, and by entering the fortunate lots in fuch method as is before mentioned, until the whole number of eleven thoufand nine hundred and forty five fortunate tickets, and one more for the laft drawn as aforefaid, (hall be completely drawn; and as the fame can- After each not be performed in one day’s time, the faid managers and di- day’* draw-re<ftors (hall caufe the boxes to be locked up and fealed in locked** manner as aforefaid, and adjourn till the next day, and fo from up an4 fealed. day to day, and every day (except Sundays, Cbriflmas-dayy thankf-giving and faft days; and then open the fame, and proceed as above, till the (aid whole number of eleven thoufand nine hundred and forty five fortunate tickets, and one more, (hall he completely drawn as aforefaid; and afterwards the faid numbered tickets fo drawn, with the fortunate tickets drawn againft the fame, (hall be and remain in a ftrong box locked up as aforefaid, and under the cuftody of the faid managers, gntil they (hall take them out to examine, adjuft, and fettle the property thereof.

XXT. Andy

to6

Numbers of the fortunate tickets, and the fums, to be printed. Difputes relating thereto, to be adjufted by the managers.

Penalty of forging tickets or certificates.

Felony.

Managers to be (Worn.

Anno fcxto GeoRgii in. C. 39.	[1765.

XXI.	Andy to the end the fortunate may know, whether ahfent or prejenty to'what degree they have been fo ; be it enafted, That the faid managers (hall, as foon as conveniently may be, after the faid drawing is over, caufe to be printed and publifhed the number of the tickets drawn againft each fortunate ticket, and the principal fum written on the fame; and if any contention or difpute (hall arife in the adjusting the property of the faid fortunate tickets, the major part of the faid managers agreeing therein, (hall determine to whom it doth or ought to belong: and if any perfon or perfons (hall forge or counterfeit any ticket or tickets, certificate or certificates, to be made forth by this aSt9 or alter any the number thereof, or utter, vend, barter, or difpofe of, or offer to difpofe of, any falfe, altered, forged, or counterfeit ticket or tickets, certificate or certificates, or SialJ bring any forged or counterfeit ticket or certificate, or any ticket or certificate the number whereof is altered (knowing the fame to be fuch) to the faid managers, or any of them, or to the calhier or cafhiers, or accomptant general of the bank of England for the time being, or to any other perfon or perfons whatfoever, with a fraudulent intention ; then every fuch perfon or perfons being thereof convifted in due form of law, (nail be adjudged a felon, and (hall fuffer death as in cafes of felony, without benefit of clergy: and the faid managers and directors, or any two or more of them, are hereby authorized, required, and impowered, to caufe any perfon or perfons bringing or uttering fuch forged or counterfeit ticket or tickets, certificate or certificates, as aforefaid, to be apprehended, and to commit him, her, or them, to his Majeftv’s gaol of Newgate, or to the common gaol of the county or place where fuch perfon or perfons (hall be fo apprehended, to be proceeded againft for the laid felony according to law.

XXII.	Provided always, and it is hereby enafted by the authority aforefaid. That every perfon that (nail be appointed as aforefaid to be a manager and direftor for putting this aft in execution, before his afting in fuch commiffion, (hall take the oath following; that is to fay,

I A. B. as a manager and director of the lottery to be drawn in purfuance of an aft of parliament made in the fixth year of bis Majeftfs reign, do fweary That I will faithfully execute the trujl re-pofed in me, and that I will not ufe any indirect art or means, or permit or direct any perfon to ufe any indireft art or means9 to obtain a prize or fortunote lot therein^for rnyfelf or any other perfon whatfoever ; and that I will do the utmojl of my endeavour to prevent any undue or ftnijier practice to be done by any perfon whatfoever; and that I will to the bed of my judgement, declare to whom any prize lot, or ticket^ of right does belongs according to the true intent and matting of the fend a&.

Which faid oath (ball and may be adminiftered by any two or more of the other managers and direftors.

XXID. Pro-

x7<>5‘]	Anno	fexto	Georgii	III.	c.	39.	1207

XXIII.	Provided always. That it (hall and may be lawful to Calhier, on

and for the laid cafhier or cafhiers, having given fecurity as receiving the aforefaid, at any time or times, before fuch cafhier or cafhiers Jefidu* *£*•*• (hall have received any book or books from the faid managers,	*

comprehending the faid fixty thoufand tickets as aforefaid, in

three columns as aforefaid, to receive from the faid contributors, or their executors, adminiftrators, fucceflors, or afligns, the monies to be by them refpe&ively contributed on account of the faid lottery at one intire payment, or in fuch proportions snd manner as aforefaid, before fuch cafhier or cafhiert (hall have received fuch book or books; and the faid cafhier or to given-cafhiers (hall give a note or receipt under his or their hand or ceipt* for the hands, for the fum or fums fo contributed 5 and (hall be ob- ^bearers Hged thereby, and by this ad, to give the bearer of every fuch intitl«a toon* note or receipt a ticket or tickets of the extream column of the lottery three columns book or books aforefaid, for every ten pounds fo ticket for contributed, paid, or anfwered, as foon as he or they (hall be enabled thereunto, by delivery of any fuch book or books to u ■* him or them from the (aid managers as aforefaid; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXIV.	Provided alfo. That in cafe any fuch contributor as Contributors

aforefaid, who (hall have advanced and paid down to fuch not making cafhier or cafhiers, a proportion of his, her, or their cod- 8°°d their fideration-money, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators,	tb

fucceflors, or afligns, do not advance and pay unto fuch cafhier t|,e ra^*w_ or cafhiers the remaining part of his, her, or their confideration* tery, within money fo to be paid in full for fuch tickets as aforefaid, on or the time* ti-before the times for paying thereof as aforefaid; that then, and fa* rteirdeT* in every fuch cafe, every fuch contributor (hall forfeit and lofe pofittf

to his. Majefty, for the ufe of the public, the proportion of his, her, or their purchafe-money which he, (he, or they, (hall have fo paid down as aforefaid; and in fuch cafe, no ticket or ticketa (hall be delivered out by the faid cafhier or cafhiers to fuch con* tributor or contributors making fuch default, but the ticket and tickets which (hould have been delivered to fuch contribute and contributors, had they paid the full money for the fame^

(hall be returned and delivered to the (aid managers and directors by the faid cafhier or cafhiers, together with the other tickets (if any) in the outermoft column of the book and books firft herein mentioned, and dire&ed to be prepared, which (hall not have been difpofed of to contributors as aforefaid, and fuch ticket and tickets, upon and for which defaults of pay- and the tick-ments (hall have been made as aforefaid, (hall be delivered into the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, with the other undif- aehveredbadc pofcd tickets (if any) there to be retained and kept as ca(h,and info the ex-to be ifiued, fold, and difpofed of, for the purpofes of this chequer, aft, as by the commiflioners of the treafury, or the high trea-furer for the time being, (hall be directed and appointed; and the faid contributor and contributors making fuch default^

(hall not have or receive, or be intitled to have or receive, anv benefit or advantage for or in refped of tbs money which

a	be*

fioners of the treafury.

Limitation of fate of chances, &c.

208	Anno	fcxto	GeoRGH III. c. 39.	[i76^

he, (he, or they, (hall have paid for or towards the purchafe of fuch ticket or tickets; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

Managers &c. XXV. Provided alfo, and it is hereby enadled by the autho-to be paid by rity aforefaid, That out of the monies compofing the faid fund, the comraif- commonly called The finking fundy it (hall and may be lawful to and for any three or more or the commiffioners of the treafury, or the high treafurer for the time being, to reward the faid managers and diredtors, and the clerks and officers to be employed by and under them, and any other officers and perfons that (hall and may be anyways employed in this affair, for their labour and pains, and to difcharge fuch incident expences as (hall neceflarily attend the execution of this a dt, in fuch manner as any three or more of the commiffioners of the treafury, or the high treafurer for the time being, (hall, from time to time, think fit and reafonable in that behalf; any thing in this adfc contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXVI.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, That no perfon or perfons (hall fell the chance or chances of any ticket or tickets in the faid lottery, or any (hare or (hares of any ticket or tickets in the faid lottery, for a day or part of a day, or for a longer time lefs than the whole time of drawing the lottery then to come; or (hall receive any money whatfo-ever in confideration of the repayment of any fum or fums of money, in cafe any ticket or tickets in the faid lottery (hall prove fortunate; or (hall lay any wager relating to the drawing of any ticket or tickets in the faid lottery either as to the time of fuch ticket or tickets being drawn, or whether fuch ticket or tickets be drawn fortunate or unfortunate; and all and every perfon and perfons who (hall offend in any of the faid matters, (hall forfeit and pay treble the fum and (urns of money which (hall have been received by fuch perfon and perfons, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this adt; to be recovered by adtion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of xecord at If^efiminfier; in which no effoin, protedlion, privilege, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed; one moiety whereof to be for the ufe of his Ma-jefty, his heirs, or fucceffors, and the other moiety to be paid to the perfon or perfons who (hall fue for the fame; and every fuch fale, wager, or contradl, and every agreement relating thereto, (hall be, and is hereby declared null and void.

Perfons felling XXVII. And be it further enadted by the authority afore-fliares in * faid, That if any perfon or perfons (hall keep any office or offices, or (hall print or publifti any fcheme or propolal, for receiving any fum or fums of money in conftderation of any intereft to be granted for the fame, in any ticket or tickets la the faid lottery, whereof fuch perfon or perfons (hall not then be adlually poffefled, or in confideration of any fum or fums of money to be repaid, in cafe any ticket, or number of tickets, in the faid lottery, which (hall not be in the adual pofleflion of fuch perfon or perfons, (hall prove fortunate or unfortunate; all

and

Penalty.

tickets of which they are not poflefled.

l7<>5-] Anno fexto Georgii IIT. c. 39.

and every fuch perfon and perfons (hall forfeit and pay the fum of five hundred pounds; to be recovered by a&ion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at TVeJlminJier; in which no efToin, protection, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed; one moiety whereof to be for the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs, and fucceb-fors, and the other moiety to be paid to the perfon or perfons who (hall fue for the fame; and alfo (hall fuffer three months imprifonment without bail or mainprize.

XXVIII.	And be it further enacted by the authority afore-faid. That if any offence againft this adt, or any of the alts rf parliament made in this kingdom for preventing private md unlawful lotteries, (hall be committed in Ireland, the of-ender (hall incur the like penalty and punilhment, to be in-lidted in like manner as if the offence was committed in this lingdom; and1 that fuch penalties as, by this adt, or any of he faid adts, are dire&ed to be recovered in any of his Majeffy’s :ourts of record at Weflminjler, (hall, in cafe of offences com-nitted againft this adbor any of the faid adts in Ireland, be re-rovered in any of his Majefty’s courts of record in Dublin.

XXIX.	And to the end that all and every the payments, as well ipon the fortunate as upon the unfortunate tickets, may be more eafily xfeertenned, fettled, and adjufted, for the perfons who fhall become ntitlei thereunto; be it further enadted by the authority afore-aid, That as foon as conveniently may be after the drawing A the faid lottery (hall be completed and ended, all and every the faid tickets to be given out as aforefaid, (hall be exchanged for certificates to be figned by fuch of the faid managers as (hall be appointed for that purpofe.

XXX.	And be it further enadted, That fuch of the faid

managers as any three or more of the commiflioners of the treafury, or the high treafurer for the time being, (hall appoint to take in the faid tickets, and deliver out the faid certificates for and in lieu thereof, (hall give timely notice, by advertifement to be printed and publilhed in manner as they (hall think fit, of the days and times for taking in the faid tickets, and delivering out the faid certificates, for and in lieu of the fame; and every perfon’s certificate (hall be numbered in courfe, according to their bringing their tickets to the managers fo to be appointed for exchanging the fame; to which purpofe, fuch managers (hall enter, or caufe to be entered, into a book or books to be by them kept for that purpofe, the name of every perfon who fhall bring anv ticket or tickets to be exchanged for fuch certificate or certificates, and the number or numbers of the ticket or tickets which (hall be fo brought by fuch perfon or perfons, the value in principal money payable thereupon, and the day of the month, and the year of our Lord, when the fame was fo brought; which book and books (hall lie open in the office to be appointed for taking in the faid tickets to be exchanged for fuch certificates, for all perfons. concerned to perufe; all which certifi-- Vol. XXVII.	P	cates

209

forfeit 5001.

Offences committed in Ireland againft afts for preventing unlawful lotteries, declared to be puniih-able,

and may be fued for in Dublin.

1

After t^e drawing of . the lottery, the tickets to be exchanged for certificates.

Managers to

give notice of the time foF taking in the tickets, and delivering out the certificates, &c.

Books to be kept for entering perfoni names,

and the number of their tickets, &c.

Certificates to be figned, &c.

fums in the certificates.

Alignments may be made of the faid fums. See.

i 10	Anno fexto GcoRGit III. c. 39:	[1765.

cates (hall be figned by the managers fo to be appointed, or the major part of them, and be directed to the accomptant general of the bank of England for the time being.

Accomptant XXXI. And be it further enabled by the authority aforebid, general to That the faid accomptant general of the bank of England for give credit for the time being, to whom the faid certificates are to be direfted the pnnapal ag aforefaid (hall, upon receiving and taking in the faid certificates, or any of them, give credit to the perfons named therein, in a book or books to be by him provided and kept, for the principal Turns contained in every fuch certificate; and the per* Tons to whole credit fuch principal fums (hall be entered in the laid book or books, his, her, or their executors, adminiftnrtors, fucceflors, and afligns, (hall and may have power to afixgn or transfer the fame, or any part, lhare, or proportion thereof, to any other perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate whatever, in books to be prepared and kept by the faid accomptant general; and the faid principal fums fo afiigned or transferred mall carry the faid annuity of three pounds per centum per an-tium, and (hall be taken and deemed to be (lock transferrable by virtue of this aft, until the redemption thereof in manner herein to mentioned; and the (aid accountant general of the bank of Mnoened0 and	f°r	tltne being, is hereby authorized and direded

notes to be to cancel and file the certificates, as they (hall, from time to given in lieu time, be received and taken in by him; and to give the perfons thereof. bringing in the fame a note under his hand, teftifying the principal money for which they (hall have credit in the faid book or books, by reafon or means of the certificates fo received, taken in, ana cancelled as aforefaid, and of the annuities attending the fame.

Bank to em- XXXII. And, for the more effeftual execution of this aft, ploy a chief b# it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That the faid clerk and ac- governor and company of the bank of England, and their fuc-countant ge. ccflbrs, (hall, from time to time, until the faid annuities (hall be redeemed, appoint or employ one or more fufficient perfon or perfons within their office in the city of London to be their chief or firft cafhier or cafhiers, and one other fufficient perfon withiA the fame office to be their accountant general; and that fo much of the monies, from time to time, and at any time, arifing or being in the receipt of the exchequer of or for the furplufTes, excelles, overplus monies, and other revenues cotn-pofing the fund, commonly called The Jinking fund’, as (hall be «cierk,for pay- fufficient, from time to time, to anfwer the half-yearly pay-^nVin.^e. ments of the faid annuities, (hall (after paying, or reserving fufficient to pay, all fuch fums of money as, before the pafling of this aft, [hall have been direfted by any former afts of parliament to be paid out of the faid fund) by order of the commif-fioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them, or the high treafurer for the time being, without any further or other warrant to be fued far, had, or obtained, in that behalf, be iffiied and paid at the fold receipt of exchequer to the faid firft or chief cafhicr or calhiers of the faid governor and company

neral.

Monies to be ifTued out of the finking fund, from time to time, to the fiid

annuities;

17Anno feicto Georgii tIL 0*39*	'fcri

of the bank of England and their focceflbrs for the time being*

by way of impreft and upon account, for the payment of the

find annuities ; and that fuch cafhier or caihiers so whom the whoiitoap«

Cud monies (hall, from time to time, be iflued, (hall, from time

to time, without delay, apply and pay the lame accordingly, and renter an

and render his or their accounts thereof according to the due account

courfe of the exchequer.	thereof.

XXXIII.	And it is hereby alfo enaded, That the faid ac- Accountant

oountant general for the time being (hall, from time to time, £*”5™*t0 in* infped and examine all receipts and payments of the faid cafhier 2iptslan?" or caihiers, and the vouchers relating thereunto, in order to payments, prevent any fraud, negligence, or delay.	with the

XXXIV.	And be it further enabled by the authority afore- ▼ouchers. faid. That all perfons and corporations intitled to any of theAnnl“Jicf (aid annuities, and their executors, adminiftrators, fucceffors,

and affigns, refpe&ively, and all perfons and corporations law-	9

folly claiming under them, (hall have good, fore, abfolute, and indefeasible eftates and interefts in the fame, according to the lessor and true meaning of this ad, and (hall be poflefled thereof as of a perfonal eftate, which (hall not be defccndable to heirs, nor liable to any foreign attachment by the cuftom of Loads*, or otherwife; any law, cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary not-urithftanding.

XXXV.	And be it further enaded by the authority afore-bid, That all the monies to which any perfon or perfons (hall be intitled by virtue of this ad, in refped of any fom advanced or contributed towards the faid fom of nine hundred thoufand pounds, on which the faid annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum, (hall be attending, and the principal ferns to be determined by the drawing of the faid lottery, to be attended with annuities after the like rate, (hall be added to and ^ made part of the joint ftock of annuites transferable at the j0^nt bank of Englandt into which the feveral Turns carrying an in- transferable tereft after the fame rate were converted by certain ads of par- at the bank* liaoient, made in the twenty fifth, twenty eighth, and twenty

ninth, years of his late Majefty’s reign, and by feveral other

ids; fobjed, neverthelefs, to redemption by parliament, in fubjed to ra-

fuch manner and upon fuch notice as in the faid ad made in demptioo,

Che twenty fifth year of his faid late Majefty’s reign is direded, in refped of the feveral and refpedive foms, or any part thereof, for which the feveral and refpedive annuities therein mentioned, or any of them, are payable; and that all and every per-bn and perfons, and corporations, whatfoever, in proportion to the money to which he, (he, or they, (hall be intitled as afore-aid, (hall have, and be deemed to have, a proportional intereft ind Glare in the faid joint ftock of annuities.

XXXVI.	And be it further enaded by the authority afore-Transfer ind. That books (hall be conftantly kept by the faid accountant

pnerai for the time being, wherein all alignments or transfers ^^nunt if all films advanced or contributed towards the faid fom of gfnfr*\t line hundred thoufand pounds, and of aH (urns determined

P2	-	and

xn

Method of

transferring

liock.

Anno fexto Georgii III. c. 39.	[	1765.

and afcertained by the drawing of the faid lottery, (hall be entered and regiftered; which entries (hall be conceived in proper words for that purpofe, and (hall be figned by the party or parties making fuch aiCgnmcnts or transfers; or, if any fitch party or parties be abfent, by his, her, or their attorney or attomies thereunto lawfully authorized, by writing under his, her, or their hand and feal, or hands and feals, to be attefted by two or move credible witne(Tes; and that the perfon or perfons to whom fuch transfer (hall be made, (hall rcfpe&ively underwrite his, her, or their acceptance thereof; and that no other method of afiigning or transferring any part of the faid annuities or principal fums (hall be good and available in law ; and that no (lamp duties whatfoever (hall be charged on the faid transfers, or aoy of them.

■ Annuities de-vifcabte by will.

Entry to be made of fuch daufe in the will.

Treafuiy to pay all incident charges attending the execution of this a& i

and to make an allowance to the cafhier, and account* ant general$

to be at the difpofal of the governor and company of the bank.

XXXVII.	Provided always. That all perfons poflcfied of any eftate, (hare, or intereft, in the faid annuities, may devife the fame by will; but that no payment (hall be made upon any fuch devife, until fo much of the laid will as relates to fuch eftate, (hare, or intereft, be entered in the office of the faid governor and company; and that in default of fuch transfer or devife, fuch (hare, eftate, or intereft, (hall go to the executors, adminiftrators, or fucceftbrs.

XXXVIII.	Provided always, and be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That the commiifioners of the treal’ury, or any three or more of them, or the high treafurer for the time being, (hall have power, and he and they is and arc hereby authorize to defray fuch incidental charges as (hall neceflarily attend the execution of this a<ft, in fuch manner as to him or them (hall feem juft and reafonable, out of the furplulTcs, excefles, overplus monies, and other revenues, compofmg the fund commonly called Toe finking fund \ and alfo to appoint fuch allowances as he or they (hall think proper, out of the faid fund, for the fervice, pains, and labour, of the faid calhier or cafhiers in receiving, paying, and accounting for, the faid contributions and the faid annuities; and for the fervice, pains, and labour of the faid accountant general, for performing the truft hereby repofed in him : all which allowances to be made as aforefaid in refpetft of the fervice, pains, and labour, of any officer or officers of the faid governor and company, (hall be for the ufe and benefit of the faid governor and company, and at their difpofal only.

Bank to continue a corporation till thefe annuities be redeemed; See.

. XXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That the faid governor and company of the bank of England, and their lucceflbrs, notwithftanding the redemption of all or any of their own funds in purfuance of the ads for efiablifhing the fame, or any of them, (hall continue a corporation for the purpofes of this ad, until all the faid annuities (hall be redeemed by parliament; and that the faid govern nor and company of the bank of Englandj or any member thereof, (hall not incur any difability for or by reafon of these doing any. matter.or thingjn purfuance of this. ad. .	.	.	.

6	.	XL.	Awl

1765*] Anno fcxto Georgii III. c.40'.	.213

XL. And be it further enaCted, That no fee, reward, or No fee to be*

Eatuity whatfoever, (hall be demanded or taken of any of his taken for ce-* ajefty’s fubjeCh, for receiving or paying the faid contribution- p^yi'nl’the monies, or ajy of them, or for any tallies or receipts concern- contr&ution-ing the fame, or for iffping the monies for paying the faid an- monies, annuities, or any of them, or for any transfer ot any fum, great nuities, &c. or fnsall, to be made in purfuance of this aft; upon pain that any offender, or perfon offending by taking or demanding any fuch fee, reward, or gratuity, (hall, for every fuch offence, for-feit the fum of twenty pounds to the party aggrieved, with fun®"j^n ** 0 cods of fuit j to be recovered by a&ion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at Weft-minfter; wherein no effoin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, injunction, or order of reftraint, or any more than one imparlance, (hall be granted or allowed.	<

XLL And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid.

That if any perfon or per Tons (hall be fued, molefted, or- pro-fecuted, for any thing done by virtue or in purfuance of this aft, fuch perfon or perfons (hall and may plead the general Gcncr** ifliie, and give this aCt, and the fpeciai matter, in evidence, in his, her, or their defence or defencesj and if afterwards a verdiCt (hall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall difeontinue his, her, or their aCiion or

Eofecution, or be nonfuited, or judgement (hall be given againft m, her, or them, upon demurrer or otherwife j then fuch de-Pendant or defendants (hall have treble cofts awarded to himj Treb^c co^» her, or them, againft any fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. XL.

An aS for explaining and amending fucb part of an a3 made in the third year of the reign of bis prefent Majeftyas relates to certain duties on wines imported; for the more eajy collecting, and effectually fecuring, the ftamp duties for copies of court rolls \ for relief of perfons who have omitted to infert in indentures, or other writings, the full fum agreed to be paid with clerks, apprentices, and other fer-vants \ for amending fucb parts of two aCls made in the laft fejjion of parliament, as relate to certain Eaft India goods, and bugles, exported to Africa\ for permitting a certain quantity of wheat, barley, oats, meal, and flour, to be exported from Great Britain to the ifle of Man, for the fife of the inhabitants there \ for allowing the exportation if certain quantities of coals, free from the payment of the duty granted by an aCl made in the laft fejjion of parliament, to the iflands of Jerfey, Guernfey, and Alderney j and for obviating certain doubts with reJpeCI to the importation of oats and oat-meaU under the authority of an 0 made in this prefent fejjion of parliament.

P3	WHEREAS

314

Preamble, inciting claufes in act ]Gto.3»

& aft « J*c. ?

I

Anno fexto GeoRGH III. c. 4.0.	f 1765.	'

WH E REAS	by an a£t of	pmade in third I

of tbt	reigk if bis	prefent Mojefty, intituled. An aA At	,

granting to his Majtfty feveral additional duties upon wines itt> t ported mto this kingdom, and certain duties upoh all cyder and ; perry j and for railing the fum of three millions five hUhdred , thoufand pounds, by way of annuities and lotteries, to to charged on the (aid duties) it is,	things,

That frm and after tbt thirty firfi day vf Match, out	■

fcven hundred and fixly	three, ever end aU fubfidies if tenet!

and poundage, and ail ether	fuhftditsadditional , and tttepifititks

tyhatfcever due tr payable for aU wines and vinegar imported 1 Great Britain, by any ail or aits oparliament then in force, tiers Iball be railed, levied, colleflid, and paid unit bis Majejty, his heirs, and	fetdcejfm(before landing tbttttf) tbt additional itnpefitm

rates, or duties following, without any	tr	dedtittitH	I

for drawback tn reexportation afterwards j that is to fay, for every I - ton of French wine and French vinegar whitb Jball imporki I into this kingdom, the fum of eight pounds, and fo after that tote j for iany greater or leffer quantity 5 and alfo for every ton if all other 1 Vrines and vinegar fo imported into this kingdom, the fum of four J founds, and fo after that rate for any greater or leffer quantity j tie j fame to be raifed, levied\ collided, paid, and recovered, in futh Aft- I ner and form, and by fiuh ways, means, and methods, and under fiui penalties and forfeitures (except as to difcmnU and drawbacks afori-faid) as Ore mentioned and txpreffei in the all of parliament made Hi pqffid in the firfi year of the reign of bis late majejly King Jama , the Second, intituled. An aft for granting hit Mtjefty an imposition upon all wines and vinegar imported between the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand fix hundred and eighty five, and the twenty fecond day of yunr, one thouflmd fix hundred and ninety three, tr in any other alt or oRs of forth-ment, by which the faid impofirions, rates, and duties, upon » wints and vinegar vdportei, were continued and made perpetual: ani qohereas by the Jaid recited all of the third year of the reign of bis prefent Majejly, it is alfo dialled. That no merchant /hall, in refptB of the duties htipofed by that aft, be allowed twelve pounds per centum, or have any allowance for leakage, upon any wines imptrul ikto this kingdom, unkfs fuch wine be imported direltiy frm tbt fountry or place of the growth of the faid wine, or the ufual pert or place of ids firft Jbipping\ except Madeira wines imported into this kingdom from any of his Majefty's plantations in America: find whereas the faid refpeltive duties of eight pounds and four founds per ton, impofed upon wines by the Jaid recited all, acvt peen colleltcd and paid, without any difeount or dciuHion inwards, according to the true intent and meaning of the faid all: and xvbfreas feme doubts and quefiions have nevertheless been lately made, whether 4h$ before mentioned allowance* of twelve pounds per centum for (eakage, Jhould be dedulfed out of the faid duties for fuch wanes as were imported direRly from the country or place of the growth ef the faid wine: for the obviating and clearing of which doubts, Wtb regard as well to tbt timepajl as to cmt> und for tbt acquitting.

2*5

1 Anno fexto GeoRGU III. c. 40.

difcbarging, and indemnifying, all perfons whatfosver, who have any way afttd, or been concerned in, /A* charging, collecting, paying, or receivingy thefaid refpeftbe duties of eight pounds and four pounds per /M impofed upon wines by the Jatd recited aft, or who jbatt be concerned or Min the charging, collecting, paying,	receiving,	the

fame for the future, dm/ for the fupporting and ejlablijbmg the fund h the faid aft of parliament intended to be created, for the fecuring fuch annuities as Jhould be purchafed purfuant to the faid aft of parliament ; and for the explanation of the faid aft; may it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be enacted; and be it cradled and declared by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with'the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and tem~ poral, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflTembled, and	.

by the authority of the fame,*That the faid additional duties of jutiei'of eight pounds for every ton of French wine, and four pounds for % \m per ton every ton of all other wines, imported into this kingdom, given on French and granted by the faid recited aft of parliament, made and wi,iei> *nd pafled in the third year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, ^ from and after the thirty firft day of March, one thoufand (even wjnes> grant* hundred and fixty three, were by the faid alt intended, and (hall ed by the re. be, and ought to be paid, and payable to his Majefty, bis c,ted of heirs, and mcceflors, for the ufes and purpofes in the faid alt Jiarcd^o he" exprefled, without any difeount or dedultion inwards; and all intended to perfons whatfoever wno have been concerned, or who have be paid with-aAed in the charging, collelting, paying, or receiving, the faid out any dif-refpeltive duties of eight pounds and four pounds impofed on wines by the faid recited ad as afoo^iid, are and (hall refpec- w * lively, Dy virtue of this alt, be acquitted and discharged, and indemnified in refpelt thereof.

II.	And be it further enalted by the authority aforefaid, So much of That fo much of the faid recited alt of the third year of his lhc f"d a£t, prefent Majefty’s reign, as relates to the allowance of twelve pounds per centum for leakage, out of the faid duties of eight txl^per pounds and four pounds per ton, by the faid alt impofed on cent, in re. wines imported direlily from the place of their growth, (hall fpc^t of be, and is hereby repealed, and annulled, and made void, to

all intents and purpofes whatfoever.	pca c ’

III.	And whereas by a claufe in an aft of parliament made in the Ciaufe in aft laft feffion of this prefent parliament, and in the fifth year of his pre- of 5 Geo. 3. fent Majefty* s reign, intituled. An alt for altering the (lamp duties

upon admiflions into corporations or companies, and for further fecuring and improving the ftamp duties in Great Britain, reciting. That by an aft of parliament made in the tenth year of the reign of her late majejly Spueen Anne, for laying feveral duties upon foot, and for other purpofes therein mentioned, a ftamp duty of two (billings and three pence, among other duties, is laid on every jkin or piece of vellum or parchment, or Jhett or piece of paper, upon which fbould be ingrojfed or written any furrender of, or admittance to, any copyhold land or tenement, within thofe parts of Great Britain called Jttigland, Wales, and the town of Berwick upon Tweed, or any grant or leafe by copy of court roll, or any other copy of the court nil

P*

Intention of the recited ad, with re* fpeft to the time meant for delivering copies of court rolls. Officer of the court not liable to forfeit, if the copies be delivered within a year.

Further time allowed to perfotu who

Anno fexto Georgii III. C.40W	[*765.

ef any honor or manor within the fame parts of Great Britain, or any of them (other than and except the original furrender to the uft of a will, and the court roll, or book, wherein the proceedings of the court are entered or inrollei) and reciting, That great frauds had been committed in the faid duty, by ftevjards and others receiving the fame, together with their own fees, without ever making out or delivering the faid copies ; and, for preventing the fame for the future, it was and is declared and enabled, That from and after the fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty fives if any Jleward or other officer of any copyhold court jbculd demand, take, or receive, from any perfon whatfoever, any fee or fees for any fuch furrender, admittance, grant, or leafe, or any other copy of any court roll, without at the jame time demanding and receiving the Jlamp duty due thereon, and delivering fuch furrendery or admittance, grant, or leafe, or copy, to the perfon intitled thereto; then, and in every fuch cafe, every fuch jleward or other officer /hall, for every fuch offence* forfeit and pay the fum of ten pounds: and whereas the faid clauje bath been found to be attended with great inconvenience, in regard to the time oj delivering the copies of every furrender, admittance, grant, or leafe, which is impofftble to be done at the court in which fuch bufinefs is tranfaded; for remedy whereof, be it declared and enabled by the authority aforefaid. That the intention of the faid claufe, and the time meant thereby for delivering the copy of fuch furrender, admittance, grant, or leafe, was, as foon as the fame could be properly prepared and made out after the receiving the fee or fees and (lamp duty thereon, and not at the time, or immediately upon, receiving the fame.

IV.	And, for the preventing any doubts in regard thereto for the future, be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the feventh day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty fix, every fuch Reward or other officer of any fuch copyhold court (hall be obliged to deliver the copy of fuch furrender, admittance, grant, or leafe, to the perfon intitled thereto, or to fome perfon authorized by him or her to receive the fame; and if no perfon (hall be fo authorized, then to the bailiff’ of the manor, for the ufe of fuch perfon, within one year from the holding fuch refpedive court; and (hall not incur the faid forfeiture or penalty inffi&ed by the faid claufe for not delivering the fame, till after the expiration of one year from the day of holding fuch court; any thing in the faid firft recited ad to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

V.	And, for relief of all per fins who have omitted to infer t and write, in words at length, in indentures or other writings which contain the covenants, articles, ccntrads, or agreements, relating to the fervice of any clerk, apprentice, or fervant, the full fum or fums of money, or any part thereof, received, or in any wife diredly or indt-redly given, paid, or agreed, or contraded for, with, or in relation to, every fuch clerk, apprentice, or fervant, as aforefaid; be it therefore ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, Tnat upon -payment of the rates and duties upon the monies, or fuch part of the monies [q omitted to be inferteil and written, in words at

length

1765.] Anno fextoGEORGii III. c.40.	217*

length, in fuch indentures or other writings as aforefaid, on or .have omitted before the twenty ninth day of September, one thoufand feven to infer* in hundred and fixty fix, to fuch perfon or perfons to whom the indentures, or fame ought to be paid, of which timely notice is to be given in the London Gazette; the fame indentures or other writings fhall agreed to be be good and availably in law or equity, and may be given in paid with evidence in any court whatfoever; and the clerks, apprentices, clerks.» aP-or fervants therein named, fhall be capable of following and oJhw'^anti' exercifing their refjpedlive intended trade or employment, in the and to pay * fame manner as they could have done in^cafe the full fum or the duties, fums received or agreed for, as aforefaid, had been inferted; and the perfons who have incurred any penalties by the omiflion aforefaid, (hall be acquitted and difeharged of and from the faid penalties; any thing in any former adf of parliament to the contrary notwithftanding.	.	;

VI.	And whereas by an aft pajfed in the fifth year of the reign Clauft in * ' of his prefent Majefiy, intituled, An adt for granting to' his Ma- afts of 5 Geo.., jefty certain duties on the exportation of coals; and of feveral J* .. i Eaft India goods; and upon policies of affurancc for retaining, upon the exportation of white callicoes and muflins, a further pan of the duties paid on the importation thereof; and for obviating a doubt with refpedt to ftamp duties impofed upon deeds by two former adts; it is amongfi other things enaCled, That upon, toe entry of any wrought filksy hengals, and fluffs mixed with filk or berba of the manufacture of Perfia, China, or Eaft India, or calli-toes painted, dyedy printed) orfiained thereof or exportation tp Africa; the bond which is now by law required to be given for the due exportation of fuch goods y Jhall be with further condition, that the fame* fhall be there landed accordingly, and not in any other part or place beyond the feas; and that the bonds fo as aforefaid entered intoy fhall not be delivered up or difeharged until proof is made in the manner directed by the faid recited aCl\ which proof is required to be made within eighteen months from the date of fuch bonds: and whereas by Aft 5 Geo. j. another aCl pajfed in the fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majefiy, intituled, An adt for more effedtually fupplying the export trade of this kingdom to Africa, with fuch coarfe printed callicoes, and other goods of the produdt or manufacture of the Eaft Jndies9 or other places beyond the Cape of Good Hopey as. are prohibited to be worn and ufed in Great Britain; for encouraging the importation of bugles into this kingdom; for the better fupply of the export trade thereof; and for difeontinuinz the bounty payable in Great Britain, and all bounties and allow-, ances in Ireland, upon the exportation of corn, grain, malt, meal, and flour, from thence to the Ifie of Man; it is (amongfi other things) enaCled, That if any bugles, which fhall be warehoused in purfuance of that aCly fhall be delivered for exportation to foreign partly the fame fhall be fubjeCl to the like fecurity9 regulations, and reflriCJionSf as Eaft India goods prohibited to be worn or ufed in Great Britain are now by law liable to: and whereas it is allcdged) that the time limited by the fir ft recited aCl of parliament) for making tJk proof thereby required within eighteen months, for Juch of the

afore-

Gonditfcns, npoa which any ot the

bmre* mentioned goods may be removed from one port of Great Britain

Sil	Anna	fexto Georgii m. c.40.	[1765*

«	afire faid goods as Jball be landed in Africa, is too Jbort, and the

obliging the majler, mate, purfer, or other perfon, having charge of tie Jbipy to make the oath as is therein directed, at the port where fiuh fecwrity JhaU be entered into, may fubjefl the proprietors and exporters of fuch goods to great difficulties and inconvenience, fuch fecurity having been hitherto taken only at the port of London, though the goods are frequently exported from various out-ports of this kingdom: for remedy whereof, and to give all fitting encouragement to this branch of bufinefs, be it enadted by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the twentieth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty fix, in every cafe where the owner or proprietor of any of the goods before mentioned (hall defire to remove the fame from one port of Great Britain to any other port within the fame kingdom, in order to to^oUwr^in ** ^om thence exported to Africa, it (hall and may be lawful older to be for the warehouse keeper, or other proper officer of tne cuftoms, exported from in whofe cuftody the fame (hall be lodged, to pack up and fe-thence to cure fuch goods under his or their feal or feals of office ; and before the fame (hall be taken out of the warehoufe or ware-houfes in which they (hall have been depofited, one bond (hall be entered into, with fufficient fecurity to his Majefty, his heirs* and fucceflors, in double the value of fuch goods, that the fame, and every part thereof, (hall be well and truly delivered, without alteration, into the cuftody and pofieflion of the collector and comptroller of the cuftoms for the time being at fome other port of this kingdom to be named and expreflfca in fuch bond} and to produce a certificate, under the hands and feats ‘ of fuch collector and comptroller, that fuch goods have been to delivered into their cuftody and pofieflion, within three months from the date of each refpedtive bopd, to the com-mifltoners of the cuftoms, or to the principal officers of the cuftoms, at the port where fuch bond (hall have been given; and fuch goods (nail not be afterwards taken out of the cuftody of fuch collector and comptroller, until one other bond (hall be entered into by the merchant exporter, with fufficient fecurity to his Majefty, his heirs, and fucceflors, in double the value of the faid goods, that the fame, and every part thereof, (hall (the danger of the Teas excepted} be well and truly exported to, and landed in, fome part of the coaft of Africa, and not in any other part or place beyond the Teas.

Bond not to VII. And it is further enadted, That no bond, which hath be discharged, been or (hall be entered into for the exportation of any of the goods before mentioned to Africa, in purfuance of this or the ot the faid * before recited adts of parliament, (hall be difeharged or delivered goods being up, until proof is made by the oath of the matter, mate, purfer, f^Jylajjded, or other perfon, having charge of the (hip or veflel during the voyage in which fuch goods were exported, that the faid goods, *	9	* and every part thereof, were fairly landed or difpofed of in or

on fome part of the coaft of Africa; and that no part thereof bad been re-landed in any part of Great Britain, or the illands of Guemfey, Jerfey, Alderney> Sark, or Man, or any other part 4	or

2l£

X765J Anno fetto GeorGii III. c. 40.

or place beyond the leas; and by the oath of the merchant exporter (if living) that, to the beft of his, her, or their knowledge and belief, fuch goods had been difpofed of at the place or places mentioned in the oath of fuch mailer, mate, purfer, or other perfon, having the charge of fuch (hip or veil'd during the voyage j which proof fhall be made within three years from Proof to be the date of each reipeftive bond, before the collector and comp- made **lbin 3 troller, or other princijpal officer of the cuftoms at the port lor thereof the time being where luch laft mentioned bond (hall be entered the bond} into, who are hereby refpeftively impowered to adminifter the fame; and in Cafe no fuch certificate (hall be produced, or proof othenrift ike made as aforefaid, within the refpeftivc times before limited, it bond may be fhall and may be lawful for the refpeftive comtniffioners ofPut‘n<ult* the cuftoms in Greet Britain to caufe fuch bonds, or either of them, to be put in fuit, unlefs they fhall find fufficient caufe to forbear the 'fame; any law, cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

VIII.	And whereas by an alt pajfed in this prefent feffien of ctxuft fa an parliament,	intituled, An aft to prohibit the exportation of com, aft of Ms

grain, malt, meal, flour, bread, bifeuit, and ftarch, for a limited <*®on* time; it	was,	amngfl other things,	tnadtd.That no perfon or

fins	whatfoever, at any time or times before the twenty fixtb day of

Auguft, one tboufand feven hundred and	,	Jbouli	,	or

tarry out of or	fnm the kingdoms of Great Britain or Ireland, any

fwt	of corny	grain, malty mealy riiwr,	breadbifeuit, orforth, tender

the penalties and forfeitures therein mentioned; but with fevered provifionsand fivings in the faid ad contained: and whereas the inhabitants	of the ft of Man have, for feveral years laji ,

bun fuppliei with conjtderable quantities of corn, meal, and , from Great Britain and Ireland, and they are now in great want thereof, no provifion or faving having been made in the faid ad fir fipplying them therewith', be it therefore enabled by the authority aforefaid. That the faid recited aft, or any thing Claufe for per-therein contained, (hall not extend to any wheat, barley, oats, mining cer. meal, or flour, to be tranfported out of or from the ports of Southampton or Exeter only, unto the faid ifle of Man, for the °t[^rea only ufe of the inhabitants of the faid ifiand; fo as the ex- grain, &c. to porter, before the lading of fuch wheat, barley, oats, meal, or be exported flour, or laying the fame on board, do become bound, with from SouttV Other fufficient fecurity, in treble the value thereof, which the Exeter"for the cuftomcr or comptroller of either of the faid ports refpeftively u(e of the in-ftath hereby power to take in his Majefty’s name, and to his habitant* of Msjefty’s ufe, and for which fecurity no fee or reward fhall be of

Siveft or taken, that fuch wheat, barley, oats, meal, or flour, M*B* nil be landed in the faid ifle of Man (the dangers of the feas only excepted) for the ufe of the inhabitants there, and fhall not be landed or fold in any other parts whatfeever; and to return the like certificates of the landing the fame there, as are by the faid aft required on the exportation of the faid commodities to the Britijb colonies in America, and within the time for that purpofe therein mentioned; and fo as the whole quantity of.whole qnan-

■ r	wheat,	bty not to ex-

ceed *>500. quarters.

Anrto fexto Gfioftcfti III. €.40.	[1765-

wheat, barley, oats, meal, or flour, which at any time or times after the parting this aft, and before the faid twenty fixth day of Augujl, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty fix, (hall be (hipped at both the faid ports for the faid ifle of Man as afore* (aid, (hall not exceed in the whole two thoufand five hundred quarters; one moiety whereof to be exported at the faid port of Southampton, and the other moiety thereof to be exported at the faid port of Exeter; any thing in the faid recited aft to the contrary notwithftanding.

IX.	And whereas by an aft made in the lajl fejffion of parliament, an additional duty of four /hillings was granted to his Majefiy, his heirs, and fucceffors, from the fifth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five*> for every chaldron of coals, Newcaftle mea-fare, which Jfhould be /hipped for exportation to any part beyond the fees, except to Ireland, the Ifle of Man, or the Britifh dominions in America: and whereas it is found expedient to permit certain quantities of coals to be annually exported to the ifiands of Jerfey, Guernfey, and Alderney, for the ufe and confumption of bis Ma-to be annually Jefa's frijefts ln the faid ifiands, and of the ca/kett lights^ free of exported from faid additional duty\ be it therefore enafted by the authority Newcaftle and aforefaid. That from and after the twentieth day of June, one Sic thoufand feven hundred and fixty fix, it (hall and may be Jerfey^Guem-	t0	an^ f°r inhabitants of the faid iflands refpec-

fey, and Al- rively, to export and tranfport the feveral quantities of coals demey, with- herein after-mentioned, free of the faid additional duty of four °“t	(hillings	for every chaldron, out of. and from the ports of New*

dut/impofed cafl* anc* &wanfea, in the feveral proportions, to the faid ifles

Cltufe in aft 5 Geo. i-

Claufe for permitting certain quantifies of coals

&

the recited Of JerJ*y> Guernfey, and Alderney refpeftively, as are herein after-mentioned 5 fo as the perfon or perfons who (hall (hip fuch coals do, before the (hipping thereof, deliver unto the colleftor and comptroller of the cuftoms of the faid ports of Ncwcajlli and Swanfea refpeftively (out of which the faid coals are to be exported; a writing under the feal or feals of the refpeftive governors of the laid ifles of Jerfey, Guernfey, and Alderney (into which the faid coals are to be tranfported) or of his or their deputy or deputies refpeftively; which writing (hall ex-prefs the name of the party appointed to export, or caufe to be exported, out of the faid ports of Ncwcafile and Swanfea, or one of them, fo many chaldrons of coals, exprefling the number thereof, to the fame iile, to be ufed or con fumed therein, or in fome of the members or parts thereof, or in the cafkct lights ; and that fuch party fo authorized and appointed to export, or caufe to be exported, fuch coals, hath, before the making and fealing of that writing, entered into fufiicient bond for his Majefty’s ufe, in the penalty of twenty pounds for every chaldron of fuch coals, for the due landing of the faid coals accordingly (the danger of the feas only excepted.)

X. Ana, to the intent that the quantity of coals to be exported out of the ports ^/'Newcaftle and Swanfea aforefaid, into the faid ifles% or any of them9 in any one year (accounting the year to begin from the faid twentieth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred andfixtj

fix)

221

1765#]	.	Anno	fexto	Georgii III. c.40.

fix) may not exceed the quantities herein after fpecified \ be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That the governors of the laid i(lands of Jerfey, Guernfey, and Alderney refpcftively, or their fefpeftive deputy or deputies, for whom they will anfwer,

(hall not make to any perfon or perfons any fuch writing or writings as before fpecified, to authorize and appoint him or them to fetch, export, or tranfport, into the faid iflands of Jer-fey, Guerhfey, and Alderney refpeftively, in one year, to be accounted as aforefaid, any greater quantity of coals, or in any other proportions, out of and from the faid ports of Newcajile • and Swanfea refpcftively, than are herein after limited and ex-prefled ; that is to fay. Into the faid ifle of Jerfey, out of the Specification faid port of Newcajile, three hundred and fifty chaldrons, New- of the quart-eajlle meafure, and out of the faid port of Swanfea, one hun- tity and pro-died and fifty fuch chaldrons, and no more; into the faid ifle{^fs^rom the of Guernfey, out of the (aid port of Newcajile, one thoufand fuch (v^ collieries, chaldrons, and out of the faid port of Swanfea, one hundred allowed to be and fifty fuch chaldrons, and no more 5 and into the faid ifle of cxP<?f;ted to Alderney, out of the faid port of Newcajile, one hundred and ten fuch chaldrons, and out of the faid port of Swanfea, ten rciPccnTC,/# fuch chaldrons, and no more.

XI.	And it is hereby further enafted by the authority afore- Officer at the faid. That the collector and comptroller of the cufloms of the

faid ports of Newcajile and Swanfea refpeftively, (hall keep a swanfea to true account of all the faid quantities of coals io by them per- keep accounts mitted to be loaden by virtue of this aft, and (hall not permit thereof, and any greater quantities of coals to be fo loaded than are by this not Pcnnit aapreferibed, in any one year, to any of the faid iflands re-fpeftively, free of the faid duty of four (hillings per chaldron, be loaded upon the penalty of the forfeiture of twenty pounds for every without pay-chaldron ; one moiety thereof to the King’s majefty, his heirs, ingduty, oo and fucceflors, and the other moiety to him or them that will ^ fue for the fame, in any court of record; wherein no efloin, protection, or wager of law, (hall be allowed.

XII.	And whereas feveral doubts have arif n with refpeft to the importation of oats ana oat-meal into this kingdom, under the authority of an afl made in this prefent fejjion of parliament, intituled,

An aft for allowing the importation of oats and oat-meal into this kingdom, for a limited time, duty-free ; therefore, for obviating all doubts in relation thereto, be it further enafted and declared by the authority aforefaid. That by the faid aft it was 0^, and intended to authorize any perfon or perfons whatfoever to im- oat.meal, deport into Great Britain, in any (hip or veflel navigated according flared to be to law, at any time or times before the twenty ninth day of Scptem-	Jjjj^

her, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty fix, unlefs a (horter feflion, to be term (hall be fixed for that purpofe by any aft to be pafled in this imported du-feifion of parliament, any quantity of oats or oat-meal, without *y

the payment of any fubfidy, cuftom, duty, or impofition what-footer 1 any thing in any former or other aft or afts of parliament to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

CAP.

... A

722

Anno fcxtx) Georgn III. c. 41.	[176$.

CAP. XLI.

<t# for granting to bis	a	certain	fum of map

out of the Jinking fund, and for applying certain mum therein mentioned for the of the year one tboufani feven hundred and fixty fix} and for further appropriating the fupplies granted in	of	parliament.

Moft gracious Sovereign,

Preamble. \KT y°ur Maiefty’s 010ft dutiful and loyal fubjeAs, the Yt commons or Great Britain in parliament strembled, to* wards railing the neceflary Aipplies which we have cheantdly . granted to your Majefty in this Crflson of parliament, have re-lolved to give and grant to your Majefty the t>m herein after mentioned : and do therefore moft humbly befeech your Maje* fty, that it may be enabled; and be it enaAed by the King's mod excellent Majefty, by and with the advjee and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefeot 'Kuool.	Parliament aflembfed, and by the authority of the fame. That

granted out of by or out of fiich monies as have arifen, and fhall or may arife, the finking from time to time, and be and remain in the receipt of the ex* ftosd* chequer, of the furplufles, excefies, overplus monies, and other cunxnt yean reveiuie* eompofing the fund commonly called The jinking fond*

1	’	after payiog, or referving fuflkient to pay, all (och turns of mor

ney as have been directed by any former a# or aAs of parliament to he paid out of the fame, there (hall and may he ifiued and applied for and towards (baking good the fupply granted to his Majefty for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hun>-dred and fi*iy fix, a fum not exceeding two millions one hupr tobe ifiiiedbjr dred and fifty thoufand pounds; and the commiffi oners of hi* aecor'dinglir Majplty’s treafury now or for the time being, or any three or * Y’ more of them, or the high treafurer for the time being, are or is hereby authorized and impowered to iffue and apply the fame accordingly.

Treafurv im-	whereas the fum of four hundred thirty nine thoufand

poweredto	fi0* hundred and eighty fix , and two pence

raife the faid farthing, did	arife in the rec of the exchequer on the fifth day of

lum, or any April, tne thoufand feven hundred and	,	towards	making

fyloanY or ^ fa^ fum °f two m one funked and fifty thoufand exchequer pounds; and it may be expedient to the fum of one feven bills, op the hundred ten thoufandfour hundred anfithirteen pounds, three JbiUingt credit of the and nine pence three farthings, being the refidue of the faid fum of finking fund; millions one hundred and fifty thoufand pounds, by loans or exchequer bills, in manner herein after mentioned; be it therefore en* •Aed by the authority aforefaid. That in cafe the faid commif-fioners of his Majefty’s treafury, now or for the time being, or any three or more of them, or the high treasurer for the time being, lb all think it advifeable to raife the faid fum of one nail--lion feven hundred ten thoufand four hundred and thirteen pounds, three (hillings, and nine pence three farthings, or any part thereof, by loans or exchequer bills, in manner herein after

men*

Anno fexto Georgii III. c. 41.

mentioned} that it (hall and may be lawful to and for any per* ton or perfons, natives or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate, to advance or lend to his Majefty, at the receipt of his Majefty^s exchequer, any fum or fums of money not exceeding the (aid fum or one million (even hundred ten thouland four hundred . and thirteen pounds, three (hillings, and nine pence three farthings, upon the credit of thefaid furplufles, excefles, and overplus monies, or other revenues competing the (inking fund, and to have and receive intereft for the forbearance of the money lent; fo as fuch loans be allowed to be made by the faid com-miflioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them now or for the time being, or the high treafurer for the time being, who are or is hereby authorized to iffue his or their warrants for that purpofe, as fad as fuch loans (hall be wanted for the publick lervice; and moreover, that no money to be lent upon the fecurity of this a <51 (hall be rated or a defied to any tax or afle Ament whatfoever.

111.	And be it further enaded, That all and eveiy perfon or a|)(] t0 perfons who (hall lend any money upon the credit of this ad as uiiie, of aforefaid, and pay the fame into the receipt of the exchequer, with orders lhall immediately have a tally of loan flruck for the fame, and repayment an order for his, her, or their repayment, bearing the lame date with his, her, or their tally; in or upon which order (hall be the ,ntereg * alfo contained a warrant for payment of intereft for the for- thereof to be -bearance thereof, and to be paid every three months, until the paid quarter-repayment of the principal; and all fuch orders for repayment of money fo to be lent, (hall be regiftered in courfe, according °^****® !* to the dates refpedively; and that all and every per ion andper-	*

Tons lhall be paid in courfe, according as their orders (hall land regiftered in the faid regifter books, fo as the perfon or perfons, natives or foreigners, bis, her, or their executors, adtniniftra-tora, or afligns, who (hall have bis, her, or their order or orders, firft entered in the faid books of regifter, (hall be taken and accounted to be the firft perfon or perfons to be paid out of the faid furpluftes, excefles, and overplus monies, or other revenues ; and he, (he, or they, who (hall have his, her, or their order or orders next entered, (hall be taken and accounted to be the fecond perfon to be paid, and fo fucceflively and in courfej and that the monies to come in of or for the (aid (ur-plufles, excefles, and overplus monies, or other revenues com-poling the (inking fund as aforefaid, (hall be in the fame order liable to the iatisfa&ion of the faid refpedive perfons, and body or bodies politick or corporate, their executors, admmiftrators, fucceflors, or afligns tefpedively, without any undue preference of one before another, and not otherwife} and (hall not be di- Ho undue verted or divertible to any other ufe, intent, or purpofe what-foever (other than fuch tiles and purpofesas are appointed fay j ,j nnm any other a& or a&sof parliament in that behalf u aforefaid) aor feetobo and that no fee, reward, or gratuity, diredtty or indire&ly, tafcfoj (hall be demanded or taken of any of his Majefty** fubjafis, for providing or making of any fuch books or rcgjfters, or any entries.

a»4	Anno fexto GeorGH III. C.4*.	[1765;

tries, views, or fearches, in or for payment of money lent, or on forfeiture the intereft thereof as aforefaid, by any of his Majefty’s officer of treble da- or officers, their clerks or deputies, on pain of payment of flugC#ftWJth	damages	to the party grieved, by the party offending,

©	Cf0	8*r	fall c°fts blit ; or the officer himfelf take or demand

due^ieler-1111*	anY ^uch fce or reward, then to lofe his place alfo: and if any

ence in point undue preference of one before another (hall be made, either in of regiftry or point of regiftry or payment, contrary to the true meaning of payment; this adt, by any fuch officer or Officers; then the party offending fhall be liable, by adtionof debt, or on the cafe, to pay the value of the debt, with full cofts of fuit, to the party grieved, and (hall be forejudged of his place or office; and if any fuch preference be unduly made, by any his deputy or clerk, without direction or privity of his mafter, then fuch deputy or clerk only (hall be liable to fuch adtion, debt, damages, and cofts, and fhall be for ever after incapable of his office or place : and in cafe the auditor of the receipt (hall not diredt the (aid orders of loan, or the clerk of the pells record, or the teller make payment upon fuch orders, according to each perfon’s due place and order as before diredted; then he or they (hall be adjudged to forfeit, and the refpedtive deputies and clerks therein offending, to be liable to fuch adtion, debt, damages, and cofts, in fuch manner as aforefaid ; all which faid penalties, forfeitures, damages, and cofts, to be incurred by any the officers of the exchequer, or any their deputies or clerks, lhall and may be to be recover- recovered by adhon of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any cd in any of cf his Majefty’s courts of record at JVeJIminJler ; wherein no recordat* °* c^fain» protedtion, privilege, wager of law, injundfion, or order Wettminfter. of reftraint, fhall be in any wife granted or allowed.

No undue IV. Provided always, and it is declared, That if it (hall preference, happen that feveral tallies of loan or orders for payment as afore-which of the fai^ bear jate^ or be brought the fame day to the auditor of der*Cbroiight receipt to be regiftered, then it (hall be interpreted no un-the fame day, due preference which of thofe be entered firft, fo as he enters are entered them all the fame day.

faft» ' V. Provided alfo. That it (hall not be interpreted any undue quent orders preference, to incur any penalty in point of payment, if the au-are paid be- ditor direfl, and the clerk of the pells record, and the tellers do fore others pay fubfequent orders, to perfons that come and demand their not brought in monies, and bring their orders, before other perfons that did courie; not come to take their monies, and bring their orders in courfe, fo as money fo ns there be fo much money referved as will fatisfy precedent bereferved for orders, which (hall not be otherwife difpofed of, but kept for the precedent them; intereft upon loan being to ceafe from the time the mo-orders. ncy js fQ referved and kept in bank for them.

Powerofaf- Vi. And be it further enadled. That all and every perfom fignment, and and perfons to whom any money (hall be due for loans to be re-jnetbod of giftered by virtue of this adf, after order entered in the book of regifter as aforefaid, his, her, -or their executors, adminiftrators, .or affigns,: by proper words of affignment to be indorfed and written upoji his/her, or their order, may aflign aqd transfer .1	'	his.

1765.3	Anno fexto Georgii III. c.41.'	2*5

11s, her, or their right, title, intereft, and benefit of fuch >rder, to any other; which being notified in the office of the uditor of the receipt aforefaid, and an entry or memorial thereof alfo made in the book of regifter aforelaid for orders (which he officers (hall, upon requeft, without fee go* charge, accord-ngly make) (hall intitle fuch affignec, his, her, or their execu-ors, adminiftrators, fucceiTors, and affigns, to the benefit there-f, and payment thereon; and fuch affignee may in like manor affign again, and fo toties quoties; and afterwards it (hall ot be in the power of fuch perfon or perfons, who hath or have aade fuch alignment, to make void, releafe, or difeharge, the ime, or any monies thereby due, or any part thereof.

VII.	And to the end there may be no want or failure of a certain scot, not to exceed in the whole the faid fum of one million feven hun-rid and ten thoufand four hundred and thirteen pounds, three Jbillings, nd nine pence three farthings, to be raifed either by fuch loans as firefaid, or by iffuing exchequer bills as is herein after -mentioned, or f both or either of ihofe ways or means, for the publick fervice \ be

: farther enaded by the authority aforefaid. That in cafe the if it (hall be ommiffioners of his Majefty’s treafury, or any three or more of judged more iem now or for the time being, or the high treafurer for the advrfcabltftjp me being, (hall judge it more advifeable to raife the faid fum f one million feven hundred and ten thoufand four hundred (um by ex-nd thirteen pounds, three (hillings, and nine pence three far- chequer bills, lings, or any part thereof, by exchequer bills, inftead of fuch initead of >ans as aforefaid, that then he or they refpedively is or are loan,t ereby authorized and impowered at any time or times to pre-arc and make, or caufe to be prepared and made, at the ex-hequer, any number of new exchequer bills, for any fum or ims of money, not exceeding in the whole the faid fum of ne million feven hundred and ten thoufand four hundred and lirteen pounds, three (hillings, and nine pence three farthings,

>gether with fuch loans aforefaid, in the fame or like manner,

>rm, or order, and according to the fame or like rules and di-rdions, as in and by a certain ad of this prefent feffion of arliament, intituled. An aft for continuing and granting to his lajejly certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the rviu of the year one thoufand feven hundred and fixty fix, are en-fted and preferibed concerning the exchequer bills to be made 1 purfuance of the faid ad.

VIII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, AU advan-"hat all and every the claufes, provifoes, powers, privileges, tages and pe-ivantages, penalties, forfeitures, and difabilities, contained in n"t,es“l

ic (aid laft-mentioned ad, relating to the loans or exchequer {hisfcffion re-ills authorized to be made by the fame ad (except fuch claufes jating to loans 1 do charge the fame on the taxes granted by the fairie ad, and or exchequer icept fuch claufes as limit the rate of intereft to be paid for the bills ^ rbearance of money lent on the credit of the faid ad) (hall be bemadefortn, tfyjpd and extended to the exchequer bills to be paid in pur- extended to" * aoce of this ad, as fully and effedually, to all intents and this ad. irpofes, as if the Uid exchequer bills had been originally au-Voii. XXVII.	Q.	thorized	J

tiS

Anno fexto Georg n III. c. 41.

[176 S.

The faid exchequer bills intereft, and

thorized by the faid laft-mentioned a<ft, or as if the faid feveril claufes or provifoes had been particularly repeated and re-enadted in the body of this prefent adt.	1

IX.	And be it enadted by the authority aforefaid. That all the exchequer bills, which (hall be made in purfuance of this adt, and the intereft, premium, rate, and charges incident to, tobep#udMtor attending the fame, (hall be and are hereby charged and of the linking chargeable upon, and (hall be repaid and borne by and out of, the fund.	growing produce of the faid furplufies, exceffes, and overplus

monies, or other revenues compofing the finking fund (except fuch monies of the faid finking fund as are appropriated to any particular ufe or ufes by any former or other adt or adts of parliament in that behalf) and luch monies of the faid finking fund lhall and may be iflued and applied as foon as the fame can be regularly dated and afeertained, for and towards the paying off, cancelling, and difeharging fuch exchequer bills, intereft, premium, rate, or charges, until the whole of them (hall be paid off, cancelled, and difeharged, or money fufiicient for that purpose be kept and referved in the exchequer, to be payable on demand to the refpedtive proprietors thereof, lank autho- X. And be it declared and further enadted by the authority riied to lend aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful for the governor and 'the laid fum, company of the bank of England to advance or lend to his Ma-jefty in like manner at the receipt of the exchequer, upon the credit of loan granted by this adt, any fum or fums of money, not -exceeding in the whole the fum of one million feven hundred and ten thoufand four hundred and thirteen pounds, three (hillings, and nine pence three farthings; any thing in an ad made in the fifth and (ixth years of the reign of King Wiliam rot with ft and- and Queen Alary ^ intituled, An aft far granting to their Majt-ing a^t 5 & 6flies feveral rates and duties upon tonnage of jhips and vcjfcls, and Will. & Mary * upon beery ale> and other liquors; for fccuring certain recompencti and advantages in the faid aft mentioned to fuch per fans as Jhall voluntarily advance the fum of one million five hundred thoufand pounds towards carrying on the war againjl France, to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

XI. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That the fum of eighty thoufand pounds remaining in the re-the exchequer cciPl t^ie chequer, granted to his Majefty in the laft feflion for pay and ’ of parliament, upon account, for defraying the charge of the cloathing for pay and cloathing of the militia for one year, beginning the the militia,	twenty fifth day of Marchy one thoufand feven hundred and fixty

, gth-C	®vc 5 anc* a^° a ^um not cxcceding one hundred and eighty one

181000I. pay- thoufand pounds, of the monies agreed to be paid by a convene able for main- tion between his Majefty and the French king, concluded-and tenance of the figned at London the twenty feventh of February, one thoufand French pri- feven hundred and fixty five, for the maintenance of the late loners;	French prifoners of war; and alfo fuch of the monies remain*

^	ing in the receipt of the exchequer for the difpofition of ptHb*

on GumSene- mcnt» as fh*M be paid into the faid receipt on ortofoffc tbt gx and Gum fifth day of Aprils out thoufand feven hundred and fixty feven, X/sfbk |	2	of

The film of 8o,oool. remaining in

Anno IcKto Georgii III. 0.41.	(	227

of the produce of the duties charged by an a<5t made in the laft

jeflion of parliament upon the importation and exportation of

Gum Senega and Gum Arabic^ (hall and may be ifiued and ap- tobeiffued

plied at the faid receipt, for and towards making good the faid

(upply j and the commifiioners of his Majefty’s treafury now or kid tupply,

for the time beingr, or any three or more of them, or the high

treafurer for the time being, are or is hereby authorized and im-

powered to iiTue and apply the fame accordingly.

XII.	And be it further enadfed by the authority aforefaid, *,3*11, 141.

That a fum not exceeding two thoufand three hundred and 10d. x eighth twenty one pounds, fourteen (hillings, ten pence, and one fevin^o^tht eighth part of a penny, be granted to his Majefty out of the charge of 1 monies or favings remaining of the grant in the lad feffion of independant parliament, for defraying the charge of three independant com- companie* of panies of foot, to be raifed for his Majefty’s fervice, on the

coafl of Africa, and for provifions for the fame, for the year one &c?tobe thoufand feven hundred and fixty five, towards maintaining his iifued towards Majefty’s forces and garrifons in the plantations and Africa, in- the (aid fup-eluding thofe in garrifon at Minorca and Gibraltar, and for pro- Pty* vifions for the forces in North America, Nova Scotia, Newfound-w Gibraltar, the ceded i(lands, and Africa, for the year one thoufand feven hundred and llxty fix; and the comtnUfioners of his Majefty’s treafury now or for the time being, or any three or more of them, or the high treafurer for the time being, are or is hereby authorized and impowered to iffue and apply the lame accordingly.

XIII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, s0i000^

That a fum not exceeding fixty thoufand pounds, of fuch mo- nie* unappro-nies remaining in the receipt of the exchequer for the difpofition priated, in the of parliament, and as (hall be paid into the faid receipt on or

before the fifth day of April, one thoufand feven hundred and (h^\ be paid fixty feven, of the produce of fuch of the duties granted or \n before s continued by an a& made in the fourth year of his prefent Ma- April, 1767,of jetty’s reign, as were thereby directed to be referved in the ex- ll'e dut'c* chequer to be difpofed of by parliament, towards defraying the necefiary expences of defending, protecting, and fecurtng, the wards the Briiijb colonies and plantations in Americ, be ifiued and ap- charge of it* plied towards maintaining his Majefty’s forces and garrifons in fending the the plantations, and for proviftons for the forces in North Amt- America'^ riea, Nova Scotia, Newfoundland, and the ceded iftands, for the be applied in year one thoufand feven hundred and fixty fix j and the com- like manner, miffioners of his Majefty’s treafury now or for the time being, or any three or more of them, or the high treafurer for the time being, are or is hereby authorized and impowered to iffue and apply the fame accordingly.

XIV.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, 74.777b 14s. That a Gam not exceeding feventy four thoufand feven hundred favings of o&y and feventy feven pounds, fourteen (hillings, be granted to his the Majefty, out of the monies or favings arifing from the pay of orcc*>

the land forces, in the hands of the paymafters general of his Majefty’s land forces, towards defraying the extraordinary ex-

Q 2peaces

228	Anno	fexto	GeorGII III. C. 41:	[1765.

pences of his Majcfty’s land forces, and other fervices incurred* to the twenty fourth day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty fix, and not provided for by parliament; and the commifTioners of his Majefty’s treafury now or for the time being, or any three or more of them, or the high treafurer for th'c time being, are 6r is hereby authorized ana impowered to ifluc and apply the fame accordingly.

XV.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That the fum of one thoufand one hundred and fixty feven pounds, and ten (hillings, remaining uniflued of the monies granted in the laft feflion of parliament, upon account, towards enabling the governors and guardians of the hofpital for the maintenance and education of expofed and deferted young children, to maintain and educate, or to place out as apprentices, fuch children as were received into the faid hofpital on or before the twenty fifth day of Marchy one thoufand feven hundred and fixty, from the thirty firft day of December, one thoufand feven

the governor* hundred and fixty four inclufive, to thirty firft day of Denmbery and guardians one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five inclufive, be granted o^afTdeduo to Majefty, upon account, towards further enabling the faid governors and guardians to maintain and educate fuch children, from the thirty firft day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five exclufive, to the thirty firft day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty fix inclufive, and that fuch fum (hall be iflued and paid without fee or reward, or any dedu&ion whatloever; and the commiffioners of his Majefty’s treafury now or for the time being, or any three or more of them, or the high treafurer for the time being, are or is hereby authorized and impowered to iflue and apply the fame accordingly.

XVI.	Provided always, and it is hereby enabled by the authority aforefaid. That all the monies coming into the exchequer, either by loans or exchequer bills, upon one acSfc of this feflion of parliament, intituled. An a61 for continuing and grant*

to be applied accordingly.

1,167!. 10s. unapplied of

ed to the

Foundling

Hofpital,

to be paid to

tions.

Appropriation of the fupplies.

The monies

ariling by the 'mg to his Majcjly certain duties upon malty munty cyder, and perrjy malt tax, for tjJ£ fervice of the xcar one thou!and feven hundred and fixty fix ;

for the fervice of the year one theuju and fo much money, if any (uc

Land tax,

any fuch be, of the duties thereby granted, as (hall arife or remain after all the loans or exchequer bills, made or to be made on the fame a<5f, and all the intcrcft, premium, rate, and charges thereon, and the charges thereby allowable for raifing the faid duties, (hall be fatisfied, or money fufficient (hall be referved in the exchequer to fatisfy and dif-charge the fame; and alfo all the monies coming into the exchequer, either by loans or exchequer bills, upon one other aft of this telfion of parliament, intituled, An c6f for granting, an aid to his Majejly by a land taxy to be raifed in Great Britain, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and fixty fix ; and fo much money, if any fuch be, of the tax thereby granted, as (hall a-rife or remain after all the loans or exchequer bills made or to be made on the fame *6t, and all the intereft, premium rate,and charges thereon, and the charges allowable thereby for nrifing the faid

land

1765.] Anno fexto Georgii III. 0.41.	229

land lax, (hall be fatisfied, or money fufficient (hall bereferved in the exchequer to fatisfy and difcharge the fame ; and aifo the fum of one million eight hundred thoufand pounds granted by one other a<5t of this teflion of parliament, intituled. An aft for Loans raiftng a certain Jum of money by loans or exchequer bids, for the 9 fervice of the year one thoufand feven Imndred and fixty fix; and alfo all the monies coming into the exchequer by contributions for annuities and a lottery, granted by one other act of this lottery &c. feflion of parliament, intituled, An at1 for raiftng the fum of one 9 million five hundred thoufand pounds by way of annuities and a lottery, to be charged on the finking fund; and alfo the faid turn ofan(j otj,cr eighty thoufand pounds, remaining in the receipt of the exche- fumsremain-quer, granted to his Majefty in the laft feflion of parliament, ing in the ex-upon account, for defraying the charge of the pay and cloath- £he<Ju^^5-ing of the militia, for one year, beginning the twenty fifth day thfVeveral of March, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five; and alio fUms before the faid fum not exceeding one hundred and eighty one thou- granted and * fand pounds, of the monies agreed to be paid by a convention between his Majefty and the French king, concluded and figned at London the twenty feventh day of February, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five, for the maintenance of the late French prifoners of war ; and alfo fuch of the faid monies of the produce of the duties charged by an a<5l made in the laft feflion of parliament, upon the importation and exportation of Gum Senega and Gum Arabic; and alfo the faid fum not exceeding two millions one hundred and fifty thoufand pounds, by this ad granted, put of fuch monies as have arifen, and (hall or may arife, of the furplufles, excefles, or overplus monies, and other revenues, compofing the fund commonly called The Jinking fund9 (hall be further appropriated, and are hereby appropriated, and (hall be ifliied and applied for and towards the feveral ufes and purpofes herein after exprefled, together with the refidue of the monies arifing from the fale of French prizes taken before the with the refi-declaration of the late war, which his Majefty declared in a mod duc ?*“th* gracious fpeech to his parliament, that he had directed, for the ™g™rom die cafe of his fubje&s, to be applied to the public fervice; and alfo Qf French fuch fum or fums as his Majefty, according to his mod gracious prizes taken intentions exprefled in the fame fpeech, (hall dircCt, for thebcfol^ further eafe of his fubjeCts, to be alfo applied to the public fer-	0

vice, out of the monies which have arifen, or (hail arife, by and fuch fums the (ale of lands belonging to his Majefty in the iftands of the as (hall arife Wejl Indies, which were ceded to his Majefty by the late treaty byjal?

j - . ,	-	-	,	,	.	e	ceded iilandij

XVII.	And it is hereby alfo enacted by the authority afore- V1S. out 0fthe (aid. That out of all or any the aids or fupplies provided as jn gene. afore&id, there (hall and may be iflued and applied any fum or ral,i,$i*,*83l. fums of money not exceeding one million five hundred twenty 6s. 3d. to-two thoufand two hundred eighty three pounds, fix (hillings, ^|ces hmia and three pence, for or towards the naval fervices herein after ratified, particularly exprefled (that is to fay) For or towards visuals.

Wages, wear and tear of the navy, and the victualling thereof,

Q.3	per-

*30

t,*oo,cool, towards pay-ing oft the debt of the navy*

180,445!. 198.

Anno fexto Georoii III. c. 41.	[	1	y6$.

performed and to be performed; and for or towards lea in the office of ordnance, performed and to be performed; and for or towards defraying the ordinary of his Majefty’s navy, and for half pay to fea and marine officers; and for or towards maintaining four thoufand two hundred and eighty {even marines; and for or towards the buildings, rebuildings, and repairs, of his Majefly’s (hips, docks, building Ihips, wharfs, and (lore-houfes, for the year one thoufand feven hundred and fixty

XVIII.	And it is hereby alfo enabled by the authority

laid, That out of all or any the aids or fupplies	there

(hall and may be ifTued and applied any fum or Turns of money, not exceeding one million two hundred thoufand pounds, towards paying off and difeharging the debt of the navy.

XIX.	And it is hereby alfo enabled by the authority afore- ,

3d. torthe of* laid. That out of all or any the aids or fupplies aforefaid, there fice of ord-	(hall and may be ifTued and applied any fum or fums of money,

nans*.	not exceeding one hundred and eighty thoufand four hundred

forty five pounds, nineteen (hillings, and three pence, for the charge of the office of ordnance for land fervice, for the year one thoufand feven hundred and fixty fix.

S$,o6il. <». XX. And it is hereby alfo enacted by the authority aforefaid,

• d. to thefaid "That out of all or any the aids or fupplies aforefaid, there (lull viVesperform-ant* may '^uc<^ a*>d applied any fum or fums of money, not ed 1765. not exceeding thirty five thoufand and fixty one pounds, fix /hillings, provided tor. and two pence, for defraying the expence of fervices performed by the office of ordnance for land fervice, and not provided for by parliament, in the year one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five.

aXI. And it is hereby alfo enabled by the authority aforefaid, That out of all or any the aids or fupplies aforefaid, rhere

19s. 8d. to-

fo^l^n!rd an<* may	anc*	applied	any	fum or fums of money

other fervice* not exceeding one million nine hundred twenty three thoufand in genual j three hundred and thirteen pounds, nineteen (hillings, and eight pence, for and towards maintaining his Majefty’s land forces and other fervices herein after more particularly exprefled ; that is to fay, any fum or fums of money not exceeding fix hundred of which and ®vc th°u^an^ fi* hundred and eight pounds, ninereen (hil-605,608!* 19s. lings, and nine pence, for defraying the charge of feventeen 91I, for guards thoufand three hundred and fix effective men, commi/Iioned and git ri ferns an(j non-commiffioned officers included, and including two tain Gucinfey thoufand five hundred and thirteen invalids, for guards, garri-and Jerley i * fons, and other his Majefty*s land forces in Great Britain, Guern* fry, and ftrfey, for the year one thoufand feven hundred and Si«,i8)l. 6*. fixty fix; and any fum or fums of money not exceeding three «1. halfpenny, hundred thirty two thoufand one hundred eighty three pound*9 fix fhillings, and five pence halfpenny, towards further mato-fifth^plama- ta,n^ng his Majefty’s forces and garrifons in the plantations and tions, and A. Africa, including thofe in garrifon at Minorca and Gibraltar, and frica, Minor- for provifions for the forces in North America, Nava Scotia, New* ca? *n Gib"a fMidland, Gibraltar, the ceded ifiands, and Africa, for the year ^ovikons tor onc t^10u^a^ feven hundred and fixty fix; and any fum or fums



Anno fexto Gborgii III. c. 41.'

2Jt

of money not exceeding fevep thoufand nine hundred ninety the fqrcvi three pounds, eleven (hillings, four pence, for defraying thea*>roa{*} charge of the difference of pay between the Britijh and Irijb e- ?>M31, flablilhment of two troops ot light dragoons, and of fix regi- thedif^ ments of foot, ferving in the IJle of Man> at Gibraltar, Minor- ference of pay ta9 and the ceded iflands, for the year one thoufand feven hun- between the dred and fixty fix ; and any fum or fums of money not exceeding eleven thoufand two hundred ninety one pounds, eight (hillings, ^nte 1 and fix pence halfpenny, for the pay of the general and general troops in the ftaff officers in Great Britain, for the year one thoufend feven Ifle of Man, . hundred and fixty fix; and any fum or fums of money not ex- Gibraltar, Mi-ccedingone hundred and fifty thoufand pounds, upon account, ”cded iflandsj for defraying the charge of the pay and cloathing of the militia 1. g s. * for one year, beginning the twenty fifth day of March, one 6d. iq. for thoufand feven hundred and fixty fix; and any fum or fums ofgcneraj money not exceeding one hundred and thirty eight thoufand fix ^nc^ .fta“ hundred and feventy four pounds, upon account bf the reduced l5o)0#Jl. to-officers of his Majefty’s land forces and marines, for the year wards pay and one thoufand feven hundred and fixty fix ; and any fum or fums cloathing 'the of money not exceeding five thoufand feven hundred and eighteen “g ’6ia ?j to pounds, fix (hillings, and eight pence, for defraying the charge the reduced of full pay to officers reduced, with the tenth company of fe- officers of the veral battalions reduced from ten to nine companies, and who ,and forces remained on half-pay at the twenty fourth day of December, one and thoufand feven hundred and fixty five, for the year one thou- ^reduced fand feven hundred and fixty fix ; and any fum or fums of mo- officers with* ney not exceeding one thoufand fix hundred and fourteen pounds, iu the 10th for the paying of penfions to the widows of fuch reduced cers of his Majefty’s land forces and marines, as died upon the [aiions • cftablifhment of half-pay in Great Britain, and who were mar- 1,6141* to the ried to them before the twenty fifth day of December% one thou- penfions of of-fand feven hundred and fixteen, for the year one thoufand feven ficers widows j hundred and fixty fix; and any fum or (urns of money not ex- 109,875!. i6t. ceeding one hundred and nine thoufand eight hundred feventy 8d. to the out. five pounds, fixteen (hillings, and eight pence, upon account, towards defraying the charge of out-penfioners of Chelfea Hof pjt![| }ea pital9 for the year one thoufand feven hundred and fixty lix; and ^>0ool. to any fum or fums of money not exceeding fifty thoufand pounds, the landgrave on account, to enable his Majefty to compleat the payment of?f HefTeCaflel$ one hundred and fifty thoufand pounds, ftipulated by treaty toJJfC^{i3^,oa be paid to the landgrave of Hejfe Cajfel9 in extin&ion of all mauds under the title of reafonable fuccour, or otherwise; and404,310!. 161. any fum or fums of money not exceeding four hundred and four fid. *q. extra-thoufand three hundred and ten pounds, fixteen (hillings, and ordinary c*-fix pence three farthings, towards further defraying the extra- fand7orces, e ordinary expences of his Majefty’s land forces, and other fer- and other Cervices incurred to the twenty fourth day of January, one thou-vices, not pro-land feven hundred and fixty fix, and not provided for by par-for* .foment; and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding oneIO$>043|-13|# hundred and fix thoufand and forty three pounds, thirteen (liil- 8d! 1 q. to- * lines, and eight pence farthing, upon account, to enable his wards dif-•	0,4	Majefty	chaigmg the

*3*

unfatitfted claims in Germany |

Anno fcxto Georgii III. c. 4tI £1765.

Majefty to difcharge fuch unfatisfied claims and demands, for expcnces incurred’during the late war in Germany, as appear to be due by the reports of the commiffiohcrs appointed by his Majefty for examining and ftating fuch claims and demands. 1,000,000 J. XXII. And it is hereby alfo enadted by the authority afore* towards pay- faid, That out of all or any the aids or fupplies aforefaid, there ingo^ exrhe- (hall and may be ifliied and applied any fum or fums of money,

ing an agreement with the governor and company of the hank of England,/^ raifing certainfums of money towards thefupply for thefervicc of the year one thoufund feven hundred andfixty four; andfor more ef-fequally preventing the forging powers to tranfer fuch flock, or re-ccive Juch dividends or annuities as are therein mentioned, and the fraudulent perfsnating the owners thereof $ and charged upon the firft aids to be granted by parliament for the fervicc of the year Soo,oool. to- one thoufand feven hundred and fixty fix ; and any fum or fums wards paying of money, not exceeding eight hundred thoufand pounds, for c?c^lv'jlllcl paying off and difeharging the exchequer bills, made out by purfuantto an v,rtue an a& Puffed in the laft feflionof parliament, intituled, a61 of the	An aid for raifing a certain fum of money by leans or exchequer bill<,

lait fcllion j	for the fervicc of the year one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five,

and charged upon the firft aids to be granted in this feflion of parliament.

4,8661. 3*. $d. XXIII. And it is hereby alfo ena&ed by the authority afore-for lu poor ting faid, That out of all or any the aids or fupplies aforefaid, there blUhmenfof an<* may ^UC(^ an^ applied any fum or fums of money, No/aScotia; not exceeding four thoufand eight hundred and fixty fix pounds, three (hillings, and five pence, upon account, for maintaining and fupporting the civil eflablifhment of his Majeftv’s colony of • Nova S(otiay for the year one thoufand feven hundred and fixty 8,oo8l. t%s.7<? fix ; and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding eight thou-for funrlry ex- fand and eight pounds, twelve (hillings, and feven pence, upon j^^hVre^n^ account °f fundry expences, for the fervice of Nova Scotia, in former years, the years one thoufand feven hundred and fifty, one thoufand not provided feven hundred and fifty one, one thoufand (even hundred and f°ri	fifty two, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty two, and one

thoufand feven hundred and fixty three, and not provided for 3;q861 forthe by parliament; and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding raento^Geor !^rce thoufand nine hundred and eighty fix pounds, upon ac-gia.	’ count, for defraying the charges of the civil eftablifhment of his

Majefty’s colony of Georgia, and other incidental expences attending the fame, from the twenty fourth day of Juney one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five, to the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty fix ; and any 5,*Sol.forthe fum or fums of money, not exceeding five thoufand two hun-civil eftablijfo- fire(| an<j fifty p0unds> upon account, for defraying the charges Florida j *	chril eftablifhment of his Majefty’s colony of Eafl Florida,

and other incidental expences attending the lame, from the twenty fourth day of Juqe9 one thoufand fevep hundred and



*33

*765*] Annafcrto Georgii III. c.41.

fixty five, to the twenty fourth day of Jtme9 one thoufand feven hundred and fixty fix; and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding five thoufand three hundred pounds, upon account, for defraying the charges of the civil eftablifhment of his Majefty’s colony of Wejl Florida, and other incidental expcnces attending the fame, from the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty nve, to the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty fix; and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding one thoufand feven hundred and eighty four pounds, and four (hillings, upon account, for defraying the expence attending general furveys of America % his Majefty’s dominions in North America, for the year one thoufand feven hundred and fixty fix.

XXIV.	And it is hereby alfo enacted by the authority afore- 13,0001. for faid. That out of all or any the aids or fupplies aforefaid, there the forts and /hall and maybe ifTued.and applied any fum or fums of money, fettlemenu w not exceeding thirteen thoufand pounds, to be employed in maintaining and fupporting the Britijb forts and fettlements on ^ African the coaft of Africa, under the direction of the committee of company 1 merchants trading to Africa ; and any fum or fums of money, 5,550].

not exceeding five thoufand five hundred and fifty pounds, upon chutes of the account, for defraying the charges of the civil eftablifhment of his Majefty’s government of Senegambia, for the year one thou-land feven hundred and fixty fix.

XXV.	And it is hereby alfo enacted by the authority afore- 3*,7*51. to laid. That out of all or any the aids or fupplies aforefaid, there the foundling Ihall and may be ifiued and applied any fum or fums of money, bofpitaL not exceeding thirty two thoufand feven hundred and twenty

five pounds, upon account, towards further enabling the governors and guardians of the hofpital for the maintenance and education of expofed and deferted young children, to maintain and educate fuch children as were received into the faid hofpital, on or before the twenty fifth day of Marcb9 one thoufand feven hundred and fixty, from the thirty firft day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five, cxclufive, to the thirty firft day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty fix, inclufive; and that the faid fum be iflued and paid for the ufe of the faid hofpital, without fee or reward, or any deduction whatfoever; and any fum or fums of money, not ex- «,oool. to the ceeding two thoufand pounds, towards enabling the trufteis of Britifti Mu-the Britijb Mufaum to carry on the execution of the truft re- f*uni* pofed in them by parliament.

XXVI.	And it is hereby alfo enafled by the authority afore- 45>S6ih Cud, That out of all or any the aids or fupplies aforefaid, there Jl^cVto the /hall and may be iflued and applied any fum or fums of money, finking fund not exceeding forty five thoufand five hundred fixty one pounds, the deficiency feven (hillings, and ten pence halfpenny, to replace to the fink- of the duties .ing fund the like fum paid out of the fame, to make good the deficiency on the fifth day of Jufy9 one thoufand feven hundred J^ndowsi and fixty five, of the feveral rates and duties upon offices and ptnlions, and upon houfes, and upon windows or lights, which

were

5,300!. for the civil eftablifti-ment of Weft Florida;

1,7*41* 4^.' towards expence of general

r.----1 ;n

*34

Anna fexto Georgii HI. c. 41.	[*7<>5*

were made a fund bv an aft of the thirty firft year of the reign of his late Majefty for paying annuities at the bank of England^ in refped of five millions borrowed towards the fupply granted inj nJ for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and fifty 6 d. to replace eight; and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding twenty to the (inking nine thoufand two hundred and eleven pounds, twelve (hillings, fund, the de- and pence, to replace to the finking fund the like fum paid additional ^ out	^amc» t0	ma^c good the deficiency on the tenth day

duties upon	of Oflobcr, one thoufand (even hundred and fixty five, of tho

wines import- feveral additional duties upon wines imported into this king-edj and upon dotn; and certain duties upon all cyder and perry which were cyder and	made a	fund by an	aeft of the third year of the reign of his

p **	prefent	Majefty, for	paying annuities in refpeeft of three millions

live hundred thoufand pounds, borrowed towards the fupply granted for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred *». and fixty three; and any fum or funis of money, not exceeding nfthTfin^in^onc hundred thirty nine thoufand three hundred forty two fund the an"g pounds, two (hillings, and four pence, to replace to the finking nuitiet grant- fund the like fum imied thereout, for paying annuities after the ed in refpc& rate of four pounds per centum for the year, ended the twenty SST* ninth day of Srpttmbtr, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty bills,	five, which were granted in refpeeft of certain navy, victualling,

cancelled; and tranfport bills, and ordnance debentures, delivered in and cancelled purfuant to an act paffed in the third year of the reign 4,(991. 14s. of his prefent Majefty; and any fum or fums of money, not 9d. iq. to re- exceeding four thoufand eight hundred and ninety eight pounds, place to*1* fourteen (hillings, and nine pence halfpenny, to replace to the charges of filing the like fum iflued thereout, for paying the charges management, of management of the faid annuities for two years and one half, &c.	due the twenty ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hun-

9,7081.17s. dred and fixty five; and any fum or fums of money, not ex-7d. 3q. to re- ceeding eight thoufand feven hundred and eight pounds, feven-?nl^n%und tcen flings, and feven pence three farthings, to replace to the monies the finking fund the like fum ilfiicd thereout, to difeharge from iiTiied thereout the twenty ninth day of September> one thoufand feven hundred to difeharge and fixty five, to the twenty fifth day of December following, the amides &c annuities attending fuch part of the joint flock eftabliftied by 9	'	an act made in the third year of the reign of his prefent

Majefty, in rcfpect of feveral navy, victualling, and tranfport bills, and ordnance debentures, as was redeemed in purfuance 292,8181. of an act made in the laft feflion of parliament; and any fum mike Cood theor ^ums °* money> not exceeding two hundred ninety two defici«icyof thoufand eight hundred and twenty eight pounds, and four the grants for pence farthing, to make good the deficiency of the grants for the laft year, the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five.

Thefe aids to XXVII. And it is hereby further enacted bv the authority be applied to aforefaid, That the (aid aids and fupplies provided as aforefaid, wo other uies. not ^ ;(fUC(j or applied to any ufe, intent, or purpofe whatfoever, other than the ufea and purpofes before mentioned, or for the feveral deficiencies, or other payments directed to be

fatisfied

1765-] Anno fexto Georgii III. c.41.	235

fatisfied thereout by any aft or afts, or any particular claufe or claufes for that purpofe contained in any other aft or afts of this prefect feffion of parliament.

XXVIII.	Andy as to the /aid fup of one hundred thirty eight thcufand fix hundred and Jeventy four pounds, by this aft appro-printed, on account of half-pay as aforejaid, it is hereby enafted

and declared by the authority aforelaid, That the rules herein Rd* h« •

after prefcribed (hall be duly obferved in the application of the the!7™McL

faid half-pay; that is to fay. That no perfon (hall have or re- t;on ofthe

ceive any part of the fame, who was a minor and under the half-pay*

age of fixteen years at the time when the regiment, troop, or ,

company, in which he ferved, was reduced; that no perfon

ihall have or receive any part of the (ame, except fuch perfon

who did aftual fervice in fome regiment, troop, or company;

that no perfon having any other place or employment of profit,

civil or military, under his Majefty, (hall have or receive any

part of the faid half-pay; that no chaplain of any garrifon or

regiment, who has any ecclefiaftical benefice in Great Britain

or Ireland, (hall have or receive any part of the faid half-pay$

that no perfon (hall have or receive any part of the fame, who

has refigned his commiflion, and has had no commifiion fince;

that no part of the fame (hall be allowed to any perfon, by

virtue of any warrant or appointment, except to filch perfons

as Would have been otherwife intitled to the fame, as reduced

officers; and that no part of the (ame (hall be allowed to

any of the officers of the five regiments of dragoons, and eight

regiments of foot, lately di(banded in Ireland\ except to fuch as

were lately taken off the eftabliftunent of half-pay in Great

Britain.

XXIX.	And whereas by an aft of parliament made in the fifth Recital of year of his prefent Majeflys reign% intituled, An aft. for granting claufe* in aft to his Majefty a certain fum of money out of the finking fund; 5 Gco*S* for applying certain monies therefti mentioned for the fervice

of the year one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five; for further appropriating the fupplies granted in this feffion of parliament ; for allowing to the receivers general of the duties on offices and employments in Scotland a reward for their trouble; and for allowing further time to fuch perfons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attomies and folicitors; the feveral /applies which had been granted to his prefent Majefiyy as is therein mentioned\ were appropriated to the feveral ufes and purpojes therein exprtffed \ amongfl which, any fum or fums of money, not exceeding one hundred and thirty five thoufand fix hundred and fix pounds, twelve Jbil-Bngs, and fix pencey was appropriated to be paid to the reduced officers of his Majefty's landforces and marines, for the year one thou-fund feven hundred and fixty five; fubjeft nevertbelefs to fuch rules to be obferved in the application of the Jaid half pay y as in and by the aforefaid aft were prefcribed in that behalf: now it is hereby provided, enafted, and declared, by the authority aforefaid. That to be h modi of the faid fum of one hundred and thirty five thoufand

tion of the furplut of the ievei al fums of 135,6061. 12 s. 6 d. appropriated in >765, to the payment of reduced officers.

Rules to be obferved with tefpeft to the film appropriated to the reduced officers of the tenth com-panics.

Preamble.

Aft of 4 Geo. 3.C.J9.

further continued to 24 June, 1773.

Anno fcxtoGEORGli III. c.42.	[1765.

fix hundred and fix pounds, twelve (hillings, and fix pence, as is or ihall be more than fufficient to fatisfy the faid reduced officers, according to the rules prefcribed by the faid aft to be obferved in the application thereof, or any part of fuch overplus, (hall .and may be difpofed of to fuch officers who are maimed or have loft their limbs in the late wars, or fuch others as, by realbn of their long fervice or otherwife, his Majefty fliall judge to be proper obje&s of charity, or to the widows or children of fuch officers, according to fuch warrant or warrants, under his Majefty’s royal fign manual, as (hall be figned in that behalf; any thing in this a St pr the faid former a& to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXX. Andy as to the faid fum of five thoufand /even hundred and eighteen pounds,fix /billings, ana eight pence, by this aft appropriated for defraying the charge of full pay to officers reduced, with the tenth company of feveral battalions, reduced from ten to nine companies as afore]aid> it is hereby enacted by the authority* aforefaid, That the fame (hall be ifiued and applied for or towards payment of the refpeftive officers of the feveral battalions in which the before mentioned officers were reduced, in fuch manner as if fuch battalions had continued to confift of ten companies, and no fuch reduction had been made.

CAP. XLII. jin afl to continue an aft made in the fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for importing fait from Europe, into the province of Quebec in America, for a limited time.

WHEREAS the law herein after mentioned, which hath by experience been found ufeful and beneficial, is near expiring; may it therefore pleafe your Majefty, that it may be enacted; and be it enafted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confcnt of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That an a<5fc made in the fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, for importing fait from Europe into the province of Quebec in America, for a limited time, which was to continue in force from the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty four, for the term of one year, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament, (hall be, and the fame is hereby further continued from the expiration thereof, until the twenty fourth day'of June.> one thoufand feven hundred and feventy three, and from thence to the end pf the then next feffion of parliament.

CAP.

1765.] Anno fexto Georgii III. c. 43.	*37

CAP. XLIII.

An ad for explaining, amending,	further enforcing, the

execution of two Jeroerol ads, one made in the twenty fixtb year of his late Majefiy, and the other in the fifth year of his prefent Mojefty's reign, for the amendment and prefer-vation of the publick highways and turnpike roads of this kingdom •, and for obliging mortgagees taking pcjfejfion of toll-gates on turnpike roads, and toll gatherers appointed by them, to account.

WHEREAS by an aft made in the twenty fixlh year of bis Preamble, re-late Majejiy, intituled* An adt for the amendment and ating clan fee prefervation of the publick highways and turnpike roads of this ina6t kingdom, and for the more effectual execution of the laws re- J^*5Sgw”3. lating thereto; it was, amongfi other things cnaded, That from c. 3*. and after the twenty ninth day of September, one thoufund feven hundred and fifty four, it Jhould not be lawful for any waggon or . wain ivhatfoever {other than and except as therein is excepted) to travel, pafs, or be drawn upon any turnpike road\ unlefs the fellies of the wheels of every fucb waggon or wain refpedively Jhould be of the breadth or gauge of nine inches from fide to fide at the leaf, and that every owner or owners of fuch waggon and wain, driven, drawnf or conveyed, in or upon any turnpike road, contrary to the directions, , tenor, or true meaning of the faid ad, Jhould\ for every fuch offence, . forfeit and pay the fum of five pounds, to be recovered and applied in Juch manner as thefaid ad (tired s, or other wife, Jhould forfeit and lofe one of the horjes or be ofts of draught drawing fuch waggon, not being the Jbaft or thill horfe, together with all gears, bridles, halters, and accoutrements, to fuch horfe or beafi of draught refpedively belonging, to the foie ufe and benefit of the perfon or perfons who Jhould feize or difirain tbe fame; with a provfo, that nothing in the faid ad Jhould extend, or be confirued to extend, to any waggon drawn by lefs than five horfts or bcafis of draught: and whereas, nctwith-Jtanding the diredions in the faid ad, feveral trufiees or cmmijfioncrs of turnpike roads, and fevcral gate-keepers or toll gatherers by them appointed, have permitted waggons and other four wheel carriages, having the fellies of the wheels thereof of a lej's breadth than nine inches, to be drawn and to pafs on turnpike roads and through turnpike-gates or bars, with more than four horfes; be it therefore enadted by the King's mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritua! and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the autho-. rity of the fame, That the truftees or commiflioners of every Commiflioa-turnpike-road, or any five or more of them, (hall, at their firft meeting after the fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred are'eauired, and fixty fix, give particular and exprefs orders and diredlions at incur firft* in writing, to every toll-gatherer or gate-keeper on the refpec- meeting after "five roads under the care and direction of fuch truftees or com* ^u|y*17669 miffioners, that they do not permit or fuffer any waggon or ten wder^to

other the toil ga:

238	Anno facto Georgii III. C. 43,	[1765.

therers, not to other four wheel carriage, having the fellies of the wheels of permit wag- jcfs breadth than nine inches, to be drawn on fuch tumpike-four wheel *** roads > and that if any toll, gatherer or gate-keeper (hall permit carriage*, or fuffer any waggon or other four wheel carriage, having the with wheel* fellies of the wheels thereof of lefs breadth than nine inches, 9 d aru* ^rawn ty more than ^our horfes, to be drawn or to pais and drawn by 0X1 anY turnpike road witltin the view or with the knowledge more than 4 7 of fucn gate-keeper or toll-gatherer, or to pafs through any horfe*, to paf*, toll-gate or bar without feizing or diftraining one of the horfes without fciz- drawing the fame, not being the (haft or thill horfe, together borfo,e&c. C whh gears* bridles, halters, and accoutrements, to fuch horfe and deliver refpediively belonging, and delivering the fame into the cuftody the feme to of the conftable or other pari(h officer $ and applying to a the conftable, juftice or juftices of the peace for his or their precept to fuch and apply to COnftable or other parifh officer, to deliver the fame to fuch liia for Eate“*ccePcr or toll-gathdrcr feizing or diftraining the fame, to deUverbigup and for his and their own ufe and benefit, in the manner the the feme) faid adt diredts; (hall forfeit and pay for eveiy fuch offence the forfeit* 40*. to fum of forty Shillings; to be recovered in a luminary manner, the informer, before one juftice of the peace, to and for the ufc and benefit of the perfon or perfons who (hall inform againft fuch gate-keeper or toll-gatherer.

Partieul	Provided	always.	That	nothing	in	this	adt,	or	the ad

carriage*1®*- herein before recited, (hall extend to any fuch waggon, or other emptedT	four wheel carriage, laden with one block of marble or ftone, or

one piece of timber, or one piece of ordnance.

CUufe in adt III. And whereas by an aft made in the fifth year of his prefati 5 Geo. 3.0.38, Myefty, intituled, An adt to continue part of an adt made in the thirtieth year of the reign of his late majefty King Georg* the Second, intituled. An at1 to render more effectual the fevered laws now in being for the amendment and prefervation of the publick highways and turnpike roads of this kingdom; and for making further provifions for the prefervation of the faid roads; it was, amongft other things enabled, That from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and ftxty five, the trufiees appointed, or to be appointed, by any aft of parliament pajfed, or to be pajfed, for making, repairing, or amending, any turnpike road, or any perfon authorized and appointed by tbem,Jtould, during the time aforefaid, permit and fufiftr ell waggons and wains, having the axle trees thereof of fuch different lengths, that the dijhnce from wheel to wheel of one pair of the faid wheels be not mete than four feet two inches, to be meafured at the ground; and that the difiance frem \vhccl to wheel of the other pair thereof Jhculd be fuch, that the fort and hind wheels of fuch waggons and wains Jkoula roll a furface of, at leaf, fixteen inches wide on each fide of the Jaid waggons and wains; and having the fellies of the wheels thereof of the ireadth of nine inches at the bottom or foie thereof j to pafs upon any turnpike road, and through any toll-gate or bar, upon paying only fo much of the tolls and duties as Jhould not exceed one half of the full toll or .duty payable, or by the faid aft intended to be paid, for all waggons ar wains laving the fellies of the wheels of the breadth or gauge of

nine

1765.]	Anno fextoGeorgii HI. c. 43.	>239

frjwf from fide to fide* or for the horfes or beaft of draught drawing the fame, and not rolling a furface of fixteen inches, in the manner herein before fet forth: and whereas it would be for the pre-fervation of turnpike reads, and for the conveniency of pajfengers travelling thereon in coaches and carriages, or on horfeback, if the diflame from wheel to wheel, of either pair of the wheels of any broad wheeled waggons or wains, /hould, not be mere than four feet two inches \ and that the defiance from wheel to wheel of the other pair thereof Jhould be fuck, that the fore and hind wheels of fuck waggons and wains Jhould roll only one Jingle furface or path, on either fide of fuch waggons and wains, offixteen inches wide j be it After c Julf, further enacted by the authority aforcfaid, That no perfons *7^, uicti palling upon any turnpike road, or through any toll-gate ca™a5« °nlf or bar thereon, with any waggons or wains, (hall be al-the «temp-t0 lowed the benefit or exemption herein before recited, except tions granted fuch waggons or wains (hall have the axle trees of fuch differ- by the recited eqt lengths, that the diftance from wheel to wheel, of either a* ^ pair of the (aid wheels, be not more than four feet two inches, tUnce and feV-to be meafured at the ground; and that the diftance from wheel lies of their to wheel of the other pair thereof, (hall be fuch, that the fore wheels made and hind wheels of fuch waggons and wains (hall roll only one amjhrnwbte Angle furface or path of iixteen inches wide, at the lea ft, on each fide of fuch waggons and wains; and no perfons down* driving any waggons or wains which (hall roll two different or feparate furfaces or paths, or both or either fide of fuch waggons or wains, although the fellies of the wheels thereof (hall be of the breadth of nine inches, (hall, after the fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and (ixty fix, be allowed the laid benefit or exemption; any thing in the faid alt to the contrary notwithftanding.

IV.	And whereas provifion was made in the faid aft, that no per- Recital of fin Jhould make, or caufe to be made, any hedge or other fence on any another daufe turnpike road, not inclofed on both fidts, within the diflame of thirty in the (aid feet; or Jhould plough or break up the foil of any land or ground™' within the difiance of fifteen feet from the middle or center of any turnpike road; and if any per fin Jhould plough or break up the foil of any land or ground within the difiance offifteen feetfrom the middle or center of any turnpike road, fuch per Jon Jhould forfeit the film of forty Jhillings; but no penalty was laid on fuch perfon as Jhould make, or caufe to be made, fuch hedge or fence as aforej'aid, other than the expence of taking down the fame; and it was not declared or directed thereby how the penalty laid on fuch perfons fi ploughing or breaking up the foil as aforcfaid, when recovered, Jhould be applied, or to whom the fame Jhould be paid \ by reafon whereof the find provifions have not been effectual for the purpofes thereby intended* be it therefore further enalted by the authority afore- The penalty faid. That from and after the pafiing of this alt, if any perfon of 40s. on <fliall’make, or caufe to be made, any hedge or other fence on pcrions mater near any turnpike road, not inclofed on both (ides, within the diftance of thirty feet from the middle or center of fuch any turnpike turnpike road, fuch perfon (befides being liable to have the road, not ia-*	fame	doled on both

240	Anno fexto Georgii III. c. 43.	[1^65.

lides, within Tame taken down, as by the faid a& is diredted) {hall forfeit the jlo feet di- fum of forty (hillings, to be recovered in the fame manner as stance of the jn tjjC	js	ciire<Sked»	with	refpcdt	to the penalty thereby

xoadT ° C	on perfons fo ploughing or breaking up the foil as

and on perfons aforefaid ; and alfo that the faid penalties, and each of them, plougjung or when recovered, (hall be applied, paid, and belong, to the per-breaking up fon or perfons refpedhvelv upon whofe information fuch penal-withfiM1”feet t*cs» or Clther of them, mall be recovered, of the center of the road, how to be recovered and applied.

V.	And whereas it hath happened, or may happen, that mortgagees of the tolls or duties already granted, or that may be hereafter granted, by any aft of parliament made or to be made for the making any turnpike road, have taken or may take pojfeffton of the toll-gates or bars, with an intent to repay tbemfclves the monies lent ,	on, or advanced for, the ufe of fuch roads by fuch mortgagees:

and whereas there is not, at prefent, any proper and fpeedy means of bringing fuch mortgagees to account for the monies they have re-ceived, or may receive, at fuch toll-gates or bars; be it therefore anytoH^ate*, cna&ec* ty the authority aforefaid, That all and every mortgage to account gcc an^ mortgagees that hath taken or been in pofleffion of upon oath to any toll-gate or bar fet up or eredted on any turnpike road, the truftees (hall, after the fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred afier	an<* **xty	fourteen	days	after	he, (he, or they,

notice from g frail have received notice in writing from the trufiees or com-themforthe miflioners of fuch turnpike road, or any five of them, render purpofe; upon oath, to be adminiftered and taken by and before one iuf-tice of the peace, or any one truftee or commifiioner of nich turnpike road (which oath fuch juftice, trufiee, or commif-fioner, is hereby authorized and impowered to adminifter) a true and exadt account in writing to fuch trufiees or coo)-mifiioners, or to any perfon appointed by them, or any five of them, to be named in fuch notice, of all monies received by fuch mortgagee or mortgagees, or by any other perfon or perfons, for his, her, or their ufe and benefit, or by his, her, or their authority, at fuch toll-gate or bar, and of what he, (he, or they, have expended in keeping the fame; and that all and every mortgagee and mortgagees of fuch tolls, taking or being in the poflefiion of any toll-gate or bar after the faid fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and lixty fix, (hall, within fourteen days after fuch notice in writing from fuch trufiees or commifiioners, or any five of them, render a like account, upon oath, to be fwom before one juftice of the peace, or one trufiee or commifiioner of fuch turnpike road, in writing (which oath fuch juftice, trufiee, or commifiioner, is hereby authorized and impowered to adminifter) to fuch truftees or commifiioners, or to any perfon appointed by them, or any five of them, to be named in fuch notice, of all monies by them received, or by any perfon or perfons for their ufe or benefit, or by his, her, or their authority, at fuch toll-gate or bar, not before accounted for, and of the fum or fums he, (he, or they, have expended in keeping the lame 5 and in cafe he, foe, or they,

in

1765-] Anno fexto Georgii III. C.43;	241

in either cafe refpe&ively, (hall negledt to render luch account when required, in the manner herein directed, he, (he, or they, (hall feverally forfeit and pay to the faid truftces or com- °n forfeiture miflioners, for every refufal, neglect, or omiflion to render * fuch account, the fum of five pounds; to be recovered bytobe recover-the faid truftees or commiflioners, or any five or more of ed in a fum-them, or by the treafurer or clerk to fuch truftees or com- maryway, miflioners, in a fummary manner, before one juftice of the anj jic(j to peace; and, when recovered, (hall be applied to the ufe of the uie of the the refpe&ive road or roads whereon fuch toll-gate or bar (hall road, be placed.

VI.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid,

That the gate-keeper or toll-gatherer of every fuch toll-gate

or bar (hall, when required by notice in writing from the	-f

laid truftees or commiflioners, or any five or more pf them, to account*up-render upon oath, to be adminiftered by and taken before on oath, when any one juftice of the peace, truftee or commiflioner of fuch required by turnpike road (which oath fuch juftice, truftee, or commif- (rom fioner, is hereby authorized and impowered to adminifter) a ah monies r<£ true and exact account in writing to the faid truftees or com- ceived not be-miftioners, or to any perfon to be named in fuch notice ap- fore account-pointed by them, or any five of them, of all monies received	f°r>

by him, her, or them, at fuch toll-gate or bar, not before	.	-

accounted for, under the penalty of twenty (hillings for every	*	°

luch offence or negleft; to be recovered in a fummary man- to be recover-ner before any one juftice of the peace, and applied to the «d in a fuiu-ufe of the relpecftive road on which fuch toll-gate (hall be ma!7 placed.	ua^p0f	10

VII.	Provided always, That fuch gate keeper or toll-gatherer the road;

(hall not hereby be obliged to account oftener than once in every ^ut js not fourteen days.	obliged to ac-

VIII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, count oftener

That if any fuch mortgagee or mortgagees (hall keep pofleflion j.han..0I?ce a of any toll-gate or bar by him, her, or themfelves, or by any °rtnlfi '	•

other perfon or perfons on his, her, or their behalf, and receive {^2n?pof-the tolls or duties thereat, after fuch mortgagee or mortgagees feffion ffter hall have received the full fum or fums of money due on their receiving his *efpe6Hve mortgage or mortgages, and the intereft thereof; fuch debt with in-xiortgagee or mortgagees (hall forfeit and pay, as a penalty, to *erc /

:hc faid truftees or commiflioners, double the fum or fums of the tb* lu* C money he, (he, or they, (hall have received over and above the money^re-* fum or fums of money due on fuch mortgage or mortgages, ceived, and and the intereft thereof, with treble cofts o? (uit; to be reco- intereft, with irered by the faid truftees or commiflioners, or by the treafurer t^1? coft$ or clerk to fuch truftees or commiflioners, by a&ion of debt, 0 m bill, plaint,, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts uf record at IViJlmmfterj and when recovered (hall be applied (6 the ufe of the refpe&ive road or roads on which fuch toll-	4

jato or bar (hall be placed.

j IX. And whereas by fevtral afls of parliament for the amendment mdjrffervation of the public highways and turnpike re#ds of this rVoi. XXVir:	R	'	‘	king-

24*	Anno	fexto GrorGii III. 6.44.	f 1 jr6j.

kingdom, the perfons guilty of froeral offences again]} the /aid ads are fubjeft to the forfeiture of one of the horfes or beafts drawing the waggon, cart, or carriage, of fuch offender, with all geers, bridles, Convictions baiters, and accoutrements, to fuch horje or beaft belonging, upon proof for offences	0/ the offence upon oath before one jujlice of the peace \

againft the fuch horfe or other beajl to be immediately delivered to the perfon or turnpike afts, perfons who feized or dijlrained the fame, to and for his and their n^lt^is the*" own ufe benefit: and whereas doubts have arifen whether the forfeiture of P&f0* diftraining is a competent witnefs for the proof of fuch offence-, one of the	for removing of fuch doubts, be it further enacted by the authority

horfes, is to aforefaid, That from and after the fifth day of July, one thou-be upon the fan(j feven hundred and fixty fix, no fuch convidtion (hall be vitneAes not ^ or ma<*e unlefs upon the oath of one or more credible wit-interefted. nefs or witnefles not interefted in fuch feizure.

A I. th X. And be it further enafted, That if any perfon or perfona quarter fcf- C ^ink him, ^er» or themfelves, aggrieved by the determi-2ons allowed, nation of any juftice of the peace, he, ihe, or they, may appeal to the then next general quarter feflion of the peace, who (hall No Certiorari finally determine the matter of fuch appeal, and allow fuch to be againft cofts not exceeding forty (hillings to either party as fuch feflion their determi- (hall think fit 5 on which determination no Certiorari (hall lie nation. or brought.

iTrufteea may XL And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, a a as juftices That any truftee or commiflioner of any turnpike road appoint-hi all matters ed, or to be appointed, by virtue of any a£t now or hereafter to relatinu totheb, made, may a<ft as a juftice of the peace in hearing and de-whicb they are tern™n'nS °^nccs> and all other matters, relating to mch road, tiuftecs. in as full and ample a manner as if he was not commiflioner oc / truftee; any law, cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary notwith-ftanding.

CAP. XLIV.

An aft to continue feveral laws therein mentioned relating t§ the allowing a drawback of the duties upon the exportation of copper bars imported; to the encouragement of tbt ,	jtlk	manufactures \ and for taking off feveral duties on

merchandize exported, and reducing other duties 5 to tin premium upon mafts, yards, and bowfprits, tar, pitch, and turpentineto the encouraging the growth of coffee in his Majcfty's plantations in America-, to the Jeaeringtbi ,	duties	upon foreign made fail cloth, and charging foreign

made fails with a duty, and for enlarging the times, limited for executing and performing feveral proviftons, powers, and direftions, in afts of this feffton of parliament•

gamble. TJTT'HERE A S the laws herein after mentioned, which have by r V experience, been found ifeful amt beneficial, are near expiring i may it therefore pleafe your moll excellent Majefty,that it may be ena&ed', and be it ena&ed by the King's moft-excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords (pM*

tuai

1765*] Anno fexto Georgii III. 0.44^	•	243

tual and temporal* and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That a claufe in Claufe in adt an a & made in the ninth and tenth years of the reign of his 9 J 10W1II.3. late maiefty King William the Third, intituled. An aft to fettle continued* by tbt trade to Africa, for allowing, during a limited time, a draw- feveral fubfe-back of the duties upon the exportation of copper bars import- quent att«, cd 5 and which claufe was to continue in force for the term of thirteen years, and from thence to the end of the then nqxt feffion of parliament; and which claufe, after the expiration thereof, was, by an aCt made in the twelfth year of the reign of her majefty Queen Anney revived and continued; and alfo a and a prehrifb provifo in the lall mentioned a<ft contained, that no drawback ^jch lhould be allowed on the exportation of any copper but fuch as alfcTcon-bad been, or fhould be, imported from the Eajl Indies and the tinued by coaft of Barbary only; and which faid claufe and provifo, by feveral ifubfe-feveral fubfequent adls of the thirteenth year of the reign of his cl'lcnt late majefty King George the Firft, and of the fifteenth, twenty fixth, and thirty fecond years of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, were continued until the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty fix, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament ; (hall be, and the fame are hereby further continued from %n further the expiration thereof, until the twenty fourth day of Juney one continued to thoufand feven hundred and feventy four, and from thence to2*JUnc* W* the end of the then next feffion of parliament.

II. And be St further ena&cd by the authority aforefaid, Certaindaufes That fo much of an aCt made in the eighth year of the reign in aASGeo.x* °f hi« late majefty King Georg*the Firft, for the encouragement^^ of the uJk manufactures of this kingdom, and ror taking oft (tvm\ fubfe. feveral duties on merchandizes exported, and for reducing the quent duties upon bever (kins, pepper, mace, cloves, and nutmegs, imported, and for importation of all furs of the product of the Britijb plantations, into this kingdom only ; and that the two corporations of aflurance, on any (bits brought on their policies, (hall be liable only to finglc damages and cofts of fuir, as rtlates to the encouragement of the filk manufactures of this kingdom, and to the taking off feveral duties on merchandizes exported, which was to continue in force for three years, from the'twenty fifth day of March% one thoufand feven hundred and twenty two, and from thence to the end of the then next fef-fion of parliament; and which by feveral fubfequent -adls made in the eleventh yCar of the reign of his late majefty King George the Firft, and in the fecond, eighth, fifteenth, twentieth, twenty fixth, and thirty fecond years of the reign of his late majefty King Giorge the Second, hath been continued until the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and (ixty fix,

Mod from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament | (hall be, and the fame is hereby further continued from are further the expiration thereof, until the faid twenty fourth day of Junr> con£j^u€d to 00c thou&rid feven hundred and feventy four, and from fhencq e> *774* to the end of the then next'feffion of parliament.

JU

111. ArA

244	Anno	fexto	G£oroxi	III. c. 44/	[176$..

Certain clan fes	And	hc	lt	furt,ier	enacted	by	the	authority	aforefaid,

in adl s Geu.a. That fo much of an a ft made in the fecond year of the reign which were of his late majsftv King George the Second, for the better precontinued by fervation of,his Majefty’s woods u\ America, and for the en-^lent aS* couragcment °f the importation of naval (lores from thence,

* and to encourage the importation of marts, yards, and bow-fprits, from that part of Great Britain called Scotland, as relates to the premiums upon marts, yards, and bowfprits, tar, pitch, ar.«i turpentine, which was to continue in force from the twenty ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and twenty nine, for the term of thirteen years, and to the end of the then next feflion of parliament; and which by feveral fubfequent acts made in the thirteenth and twenty fourth years of his faid late Majefty’s reign, was further continued until the twenty fifth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and fifty one, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament; and which by another aft made in the twenty fifth year of the reign of his faid late Majefty, was amended, and further continued until the twenty fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and fifty eight; and which by another aft made iti the thirty fecond year of the reign of his faid late Majefty, was further continued until the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty fix, and from

c^'nuiedto t*ience t0 t*lc cn^ °f ^en next feflion of parliament; (hall a^unef 1774. ke> an(l the feme hereby further continued from the expiration thereof, until the faid twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy four, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament, wh^cli^was **	And	be	it	further	enafted	by	the authority aforefaid,

^ntinu(SSby That an aft made in the fifth year ot the reign of his late ma-feveral fubfe- jefty King George the Second, for encouraging the growth of quent a£h, coffee in his Majefty’s plantations i\\ Am.rica, which was to continue in force from the twenty fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and thirty five, until the twenty fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and thirty nine, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament ; and which by feveral fubfequent ads made in the eleventh, nineteenth, twenty fifth, and thirty fecond years of his faid late Majefty’s reign, was further continued from the expiration thereof, until the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty fix, and from thence to the is further con-end of the then next feflion of parliament (except fuch part t.nued (except thereof as relates to the importation and exportation of foreign nie^mporta-10 c°hec into, a°d from, the Britijh colonies and plantations in rion ana ex America) (hall be, and the fame is hereby further continued parrationof from the expiration thereof, until the faid twenty fourth day of . ofFce) to *4 June, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy four, and from June, 1774. t[iencc to thc end of the then next feflion of parliament. Adi9Geo.i. V. And be it further enafted by the authority aforcfaidi which was That an aft made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his connau y ^ majcfty f^ing George the Second, for the more efffaSual •	fccuring

1765.] Anno fexto Georgii III. c. 44.	245

fecuring the duties now payable on foreign made fail cloth im-feveral fubfe-ported into this kingdom ; and for charging all foreign made quent fails with a duty; and for explaining a doubt concerning (hips being obliged at their firft fetting out to fea to be furnifhed with One compleat fet of fails made of Britijh fail cloth, which was to continue in force from the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and forty fix, for the term of feven

!rears, and from thence to the end of the then feffion of par-iament ; and which by rwo fubfeqyent ads made in the twenty*' fixth and thirty fecond years of the reign of his faid late Ma-jefty, was further continued until the twenty fourth day of Jwei one thoufand feven hundred and fixty fix, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament; (hall be, and is further the fame is hereby further continued from the expiration there- cont,nwcd to of, until the faid twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven14 Junc> l774* hundred and feventy four, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament.

VI. And whereas by one or more aft or afts of tbit prefent feffion of parliament, feveral provifions, powers, authorities, mat* terSy and things, therein contained, have been, are, or may be, re-fuiredy direftid, or authorized, to be executed, done, or performed, on or before the day or days of puffing or putting into execution fuch aft or afts, whereby the good purpofes thereby intended may be defeated 5 be it therefore enaded by the authority aforefaid, That The tjmei \\m in cafe any ad or ads of parliament hath or have paflW), or mited tor ex-Jhall pafs, during this prefent feffion of parliament, whereby ecuting and any provilion, power, or authority, or any matter or thing, hath ^cJ^r|mlro^. been, is, or (hall be, direded, required, or authorized, to bCf^”p^^c^ executed, done, cr performed, on or before any day or days and diredi- * which hath’or have been, is, arc, or (hall be, the day or days ons, in ads of of the palling, or the day or days of the putting the faid ad or ads into execution, or which hath, is, or (hall have, elapfed, before the palling or putting into execution any fuch ad or ads refpedively, or which cannot be executed, done, and performed, as therein is mentioned; then, and in each and every fuch cafe, all fuch provifions, powers, authorities, matters, and things, as have been, are, or (hail be, authorized, direded, or required, to be executed, done, or performed, on or before the day or days refpedively limited in every fuch ad, (hall be, and are hereby authorized, direded, and required, to be executed, art enlarged done, and performed, oA or before the day five weeks next af- to the day 5 ter the end of this prefent feflion of parliament, by the perfons WxCC,cs^cxtd refpedively who, in every fuch ad refpedively, have been, are, this feffion • or (hall be, authorized, direded, or required, to execute, do,	*

or perform, the fame, on or before the day or days therein limited; and all fuch provifions, powers, authorities, matters, and things, as have been, are, or (hall be, authorized, direded, or required, to be executed, done, or performed, on or helpre the refpedive day or days limited in every fuch ad refpcc-threly, may be, and are hereby authorized, direded, and required, to be executed, done, or performed, on or before the

R 3	day

things, being then executed,

346	Anno fexto Gegrgii III. c. 45.	{1765.

day five weeks next after the end of this prefent feffion of par* Jiament, by the perfons refpedtively who have been, or (hall be, and the faid authorized, dire&ed, or required, to execute, do, or perform, fi?nsapo«Mire ^*me: anc*	Pr0Vlfi°nss powers, authorities, matters,

matters!and ’ and things, fo executed, done, and performed, on or. before the day hve weeks next after the end of this prefont feffion, (hall be as valid and effe&ual, and (hall be fo deemed and taken, to all intents and purpofes, as if the lame had been are declared executed, done, and performed, on or before the day or days ^obe valid and limited in every fuch act refpedtively; any thing herein eon-fffeftuul. tained to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. XLV, fin aft for allowing a bounty on the exportation of BritHh made cordage ; and for difeontinuing the drawbacks upon foreign rough hemp exported.

frpwbile, "TXT HE RE AS the wealth and profperity of this kingdom doth * V V very much depend upon the improvement of its manufacture^ and the exportation thereof \ which exportation oughty by all proper mans, to he encouraged, for the more comfortable fupport of greet numbers of his Majejly's fubjeCis employed in the making or working of fucb manufactures, and for the enlargement of the commerce of Great Britain: and whereas the manufacture of hemp into cordage basy of late years, been greatly improved in this kingdom; and there is reafon to believe, that the exportation of fuch cordage into foreign parts would confiderably increafey if fome allowance was made upon the ex-portation thereof: may it therefore plcafe your Majefty, that it may be enabled; and be it ena&ed by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parlia* ment aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the firft day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty fix, during the term of five years, and from thence 5 years, a to the end of the then next feflion of parliament, there (hall bounty of % s. ^ pajd or allowed for and upon every hundred weight, con-lowed^pon * ta‘^ng one hundred and twelve pounds weight avoirdupois, every cwt of of cordage, wrought up and manufa&ured in Great Britain pordagema- from foreign rough hemp, or hemp of the growth of Great rufadtured in Qritainy except hemp of the growth or produce of the Britijb fromVoreign Colonies or plantations in America^ which (hall be really and roueji hemp, truly exported out of this kingdom to parts beyond the Teas prtfritifh (except the ifle of Man) by way of merchandize, and fo in Iwp (th.at °* proportion for any greater or leuer quantity thereof, by way eofom^x^11 bounty, the fum of two (hillings and four pence three pepted) ex- farthings; which faid allowance or bounty (hall be paid and ported as mer-anfwcred to the perfon or perfons fo exporting the fame, by chandizc to $he cuftomer or collector of the cuftoms, with the privity of ferafPPVUi the comptroller of the port from whence the fame (hall bo exported, on a debenture to be made forth by the (aid cuftomer or collector, according to the entry of the goods and the (hip-fing thereof, verified by th$ for&crj w4 qgtfr m*de by the

4	eiportff

from and after 1 July,

1766, daring

the term of

*47

exporter or manufacturer thereof, on the entry or debenture

before the cuftomer, or collector or comptroller of fuch port,

that the faid cordage is of Britijb manufacture, and made from

hemp imported from foreign parts, or from hemp of the growth

of Great Britain, and not from hemp of the growth or produce

of the Britijb colonies or plantations in America; and exported,

or intended to be exported, to parts beyond the feas, and not

relanded, or intended to be relanded, in any part of Great

Britain, or the ifle of Man\ the exporter with one or more the exporter

perfon or perfons firft giving fufficient fccurity to the faid 6*“”-

cuftomer or collector of the port, in a penalty of the value cxSitatfon

of the goods (which fecurity the faid cuftomer or collector ihcwf.

is hereby impowered to take in the name, and to the ufe,

of his Majefty, his heirs, and fucceflors) that fuch cordage

fo (hipped, or intended to be (hipped, or any part thereof,

(hall not be relanded, or brought on (hore again, in any port or place of Great Britain, or the ifle of Man\ and fuch fecurity (hall be difeharged in the manner hereafter mention* ed; that is to fay, for fuch of the faid goods as (hall be enr tered for, or landed in, the kingdom of Ireland, the iflands of Guernfey^ Jerfey^ Alderney y or Sark, the condition of the bond Condition of (hall be,. to bring in a certificate in difeharge thereof within the bond, fix months from the date of the bond; and within eighteen months for fuch of the faid goods as (hall be entered for, or landed in, any of his Majefty’s plantations in America or Africa; and within thirty months for fuch of the faid goods as mail be entered for, or landed in, any port or place at or beyond the Cape of Good Hope: which faid certificate for fuch Certificate by cordage as aforeiaid as (hall be landed in any port or place whom to be where any officer or officers of his Majefty’s cuftoms (hall befiSnc<*« refident, (hall be figned by the proper officer or officers of his Majefty’s cuftoms there, importing that fuch goods were there landed, teftifying the landing thereof j and for fuch cordnge as aforetaid as (nail be entered for the iflands of Jet fey, Giurnfey%

Aldemc fyor Sark, (hall be figned by the proper officer or officers of his Majefty’s cuftoms, if any fuch officer or officers (hall be refiding in thofe iflands refpe&ively; and for want of fuch officer refiding there, then by the governor of thofe iflands, or the deputy governor thereof refpe&ively ; and for fuch cordage as aforefaid as (hall be entered for any other foreign port or place* to bring a certificate under the common feal of the chief ma-giftrate in fuch port or place, or under the hands and feals of two. known Britijb merchants then being at fuch port or place, that fuch cordage was there landed; or fuch bond or bonds lhall be difeharged, upon proof, in either of the faid cafes, that fuch goods were taken by enemies, or periflied in the feas; the examination and proof thereof being left to the judgement of the commiffioners of the cuftoms in England or Scotland refpec-tively for the time being.

" II. Andy for the better printing frauds in the entering the faid Officer ma/ goods to the prejudice of the revenue, be jt further ena&cd by the	«*•

R4

autho-



248

Anno fexto Georgii III.

c. 45.	[1765.

authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for any fcarcher, or other proper officer of the cuftoms, after the entry of any of the faid goods, and before or after the (hipping thereof, to open, and ftridtly examine, any bale, quoil, or other package, as now by law they may do, to fee if the goods are repacking the right entered; and if, on fuch examination, the fame (hall be fame, it no found to be right entered, the officer (hall, at his own charge, fraud appear, caiJfe the famc t0 ^ rcpacked to the fatisfatftion of the exporter; charge?which	charge	ihall be allowed to the faid officer by the com-

is to be allow- millioners of the cuftoms, if they think it rcafonable ; but in ed by the cafe the faid officer (hall find goods, or any part thereof, entered commsflioners under a wrong denomination, or to be lefs in quantity than ex-ftoms* LU" Pre^ in the exporter’s indorfement upon the entry of fuch hut if anv cordage, whereby his Majefty would have been defrauded in the fraud appear, allowance to be paid on the exportation of fuch goods, contrary the goods are to the true intent and meaning of this aall fuch goods, fo forfeit'd* with wrong entered, (hall be forfeited, and may be feized, and the exporter or owner of fuch goods (hall alfo forfeit the value thereof, to be profecured and divided as herein after mentioned.

III.	Provided always, and be it further enaefted by the author rity aforefaid, That if any difpute (hall arile concerning the faid cordage; that is to fay, whether the fame was-made in Great Britain, or is intitled to the bounty granted by this adt, the Onus probandi (hall lie on the exporter, claimer, or owner thereof, and not on the officer.

Onusptobamii to lie on the exporter.

IV.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That if any of the faid cordage (hipped to be exported, for which allowance is hereby made, (hall be relanded or unfhipped in any port or place in Great Britain, or the IJle of Man, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this ad, without the licence of one or more of the principal officers of fuch port or place firft had and obtained, or unlefs it be in cafe of diftrefs, to fave the faid goods from periihing; the goods (over and above the penalty of the bond to be levied and recovered to his Ma-jefty’s ufe as aforefaid) and treble the value of fuch goods, (hall

bond and * ^	(°r^c‘te^	a°d	and (hall and may be profecutcd, recover-

treble value. ed, and divided, in the manner herein after mentioned.

The bounty V. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, to be paid out That the faid allowance (hall and maybe paid by the refpedlive of the duties cuftomcr or collector, out of any money i A his hands arifing from cuftoms or other duties upon hemp imported, or to be imported, from parts beyond the feas; and the money fo paid (hail be accepted of in his or their account as fo much paid to his Majefty, and he and they is, are, and (hall be, difeharged and in cafe of thereof accordingly; and in cafe any collector of the cuftoms warn of mo- in any out port in South Britain, or of any port in North Britain, ihall not have money fufficient in his hands to pay fuch bounty, that then every fuch collector (hall, if thereunto required, forthwith, without fee or reward, give to the perfon or perfons in-tilled to Inch bounty, a certificate under his baud, attefted by

tbo

treble the value.

In difputes whether the

foods are of iritilh manufacture, anti-tied to the bounty, the

If the goods be relanded without licence, ■

unlefs in cafe of diftrefs, they are forfeited, together with the

upon hemp imported, by the customer or collector j

ucy, he is to give a certificate for the feme, &C.

17^5*3 Anno fcxto Georgii III. c.45.	249

the comptroller, certifying to the commiffioners of Jiis Majefty’s cuftoms in London, if fuch cordage is exported from any port. . in that part of Great Britain called England, or to the commif-fioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms at Edinburgh, if fuch cordage is exported from any port in that part of Great Britain called .

Siotland, that he hath not money in his bands fufticient to pay the faid bounty, and alfo what is due for the feme to fuch per-(bn or perfons; and upon producing fuch certificate, and the	.	.

debenture of the cordage exported, the faid refpedtive commiffioners of the cuftoms mall caufe to be paid, without fee or reward* by the receiver general, or cafhier of the cuftoms at London or Edinburgh refpedtively, to the perfon or perfons producing every fuch certificate and debenture, the fum or Turns of money fo certified to be due, out of the monies ariflng froiri any of the duties, revenues, and cuftoms, under the management of fuch refpedtive commiffioners; and if the receiver general, or cafhier of the cuftoms at Edinburgh* (hall not hav$ money fufticient in his hands to. pay the bounty fo certified to be due, the commiffioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms at Edinburgh^ or any three of them, (hall forthwith, without fee or reward, give fuch exporter, or feller for exportation, a certifi- . cate certifying the fame to the commiffioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms at London, which certificates being affixed to the debentures for'the bounty of the* faid cordage fo exported, and being produced to the faid commiffioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms at-London, they the faid commiffioners are hereby au* thorized and required, on demand by fuch exporter or feller Tor exportation, or other perfon legally authorized to receive the fame, that (hall bring fuch certificate and debenture, to caufe , the money thereby certified to be due to be paid by the receiver general, or cafhier of the cuftoms, without fee or reward, out of the monies that (hall be in his hands arifing from any pf the duties, revenues, and cuftoms, payable on foreign 'rough hemp, under the management of the faid commiffioners at London.

■ VI. Provided always, and be it enatSed by the authority afore- Bounty not to faid. That the bounty intended to be given by this a(hall extend to not extend to cordage re-manufa<ftured from any fort of old cables, old ropes, or old cordage whatfoever, commonly called cor afic" Twice laved cordage.

VII.	Provided alfo, and be it further enadted by the authority {Tpon aforefaid, That in cafe any of the cuftoms or other duties now demption, or payable on the importation of foreign rough hemp, (hall, during ceafing of the

. the continuance of this adt, be redeemed, or otherwife ceafe to duties» be payable, fo much of the allowance to be made on the ex- a pr0portioa-portation of the cordage before-mentioned (hall be abated, as able abate-Ihall bear a proportion to the cuftoms or duties fo redeemed, ment to be or that (hall ceafe to be payable on rough hemp ; any thing r^de °* ^ herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.	unty*

VIII.	And, for the further encouragement of the exportation of Drawback al-urdsgo mnufaftured in Great Britain; be it further enabled by lowed by any

' *	the	former	a&a	on

*50	Anno fezto Georgii III. c. 46.	[1765.

exportation of the authority aforefaid, That the drawback which by any a<3 foreign^rou|h or afts Df parliament is allowed and made payable upon the emp ’ exportation of foreign rough hemp from this kingdom, (hall, from and after the palling of this ad, ceafe, determine, and be no longer paid or payable.

Recovery and IX. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, application of That the feveral penalties and forfeitures in this ad men-Ibcfriture*. tioned, (hall and may be profecuted and determined by bill, plaint, or information, in any of bis Majefty’s courts of re-• cord at tVeftminfter, or in the court of exchequer at Edinburgh refpedively, wherein no efloin, protedion, privilege, wager of law, or more than one imparlance (hall be allowed ; ana one moiety of the laid penalties and forfeitures (hall be to the ufe of the King’s majefty, and the other moiety to fuch officer or officers of the cuftoms as (hall fue for or profecute for the fame.

Limitation of X. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, actions. That if any adion or .fuit (hall be commenced againft any perfon or perfons for any thing done in purfuance of this ad, the defendant or defendants in fuch adion or fuit may General iffue. plead the general iffiie, and give this ad and the fpecial matter in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuance and by the authority of this ad; and if it (hall appear fo to have been done, the jury (hall find for the defendant or defendants; or if the plaintiff (hall be nonfuited, or difcontinue his adion after the defendant or defendants (hall have appeared; or if judgement be given upon any verdid or demurrer againft the plaintiff, the Treble cods, defendant or defendants (hall and may recover treble eofts, and have the like remedy for the fame, as the defendant or de> fendants hath or have in other cafes by law.

CAP. XLVI.

An aft for explaining part of an aft made in the fecondyear of the reign of bis prefent	relating to the removal

for borne consumption of fpirits made for exportation; for laying an additional duty upon tbe importation crapes and tiffanies-, for allowing tbe exportation of a certain quantity of	gum fenegaand gum arabic to Ireland,	free of

duty, for tbe ufe of tbe manufafturers there-, for permitting tbe importation into this	from	tbe	Ifle	of

Man, of a certain quantity of bugles -, and for altering certain regulations relating to tbe tonnage of Jhips exporting and importing fpirits.

Preamble, re- \\f HEREAS/yj claufe in an ail of parliament	in the

cjtwgclaufein V V ftcond year of the reign of his	,	An

•ft »Geo.). for more cffedually preventing the exceffive ufe of fpirituous liquors for home con(umption, by laying additional duties upon ipitits made in Great Britaint or imported into the feme -, and

tor

*5«

for better regulating and encouraging the exportation of Briti/h made fpirits 5 and for fecuring the payment of the duties upon fpirituous liquors; it was, amongft ether things, provided and entiled, That if any di/tiUtr or difiitlers for exportation, after he,/he, or they have depofitea arty fpirits made for exportation (whether raw or rectified) in manner as by the faid aft is directed, in a warehoufe or warehoufes, Jhould be defirous of tiling any fucb fpirits for home qonfumption, and Jhould fignify fuch his, her, or their defire to the eommijjioners of excifi for the time being, it Jhould and might be lawful for the faid eommijjioners, or any two of them, to dir eft the quantity of fpirits fo defired to be taken out of fuch warehoufe or ware-bou/es, and delivered to fuch diftiller or difiiUers, he, /he, or they, having fir ft duly paid to the proper officer of excife appointed to receive the duties on low wines and fpirits, the fum of forty pounds ten Ihillings for each ton of fuch fpirits of the Jlrength they were taken into fuch warehoufe, videlicet, One to fix under hydrometer proof: and whereas doubts have arifen whether, by virtue of the above recited claufe, any fpirits made for exportation, other than fpirits made from corn, may be delivered out of fuch warehoufe or warehoufes to be ufed for home confumption, on payment of forty pounds ten /billings for each ton thereof: now, for obviating fuch doubts for the future, may it pleafe your Majefty, that it may be enabled and declared; and be it enabled and declared by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the . lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent par-liament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the cited daufe " power granted by the laid recited claufe to remove fpirits made declared to for exportation from fuch warehoufes, to be ufed for home con- to fuch fumption, on payment of forty pounds ten (hillings for each ton ^r^ade from of fuch fpirits, was intended to extend to fuch fpirits as are corn, malt, or made from corn, malt, or melafles, and to fuch fpirits only. mclailes.

II.	Provided always, That no lefs quantity than a ton of fuch Not lets than

fpirits (hall be taken out of any fuch warehoufe, at any one v ton to be time, for home confumption.	ta,5cn °_ut at

III.	And whereas the laying an additional duty on fill crapes and hJlTTcon-

tiffames of the manufacture of Italy, may encourage the manufacture fumption. of Juch crapes and tiffanies m this kingdom; be it enadted by the	,	r

authority aforefaid. That from and after the firft day of Augujl, ter^Auguit* one thoufand feven hundred and fixty fix, there (hall be paid 1766, an ad * to his Majefty, his heirs, and fucceffors, for every pound weight ditionalduty of filk crapes and tiffanies of the manufacture of Italy imported of j7$* 6td* into Great Britain (each pound containing fixteen ounces) the p|J*c on fum of feventeen lhillings and lix pence, over and above all aii Italian filk other rates and duties by any adl or adts of parliament impofed crapes and thereupon; and that the faid additional duty by this adt grant- tiffanies im-ed, (hall be raifed, levied, colledled, and paid, in fuch manner port *.

as the duties now payable upon (ilk crapes and tiffanies of the manufadture of Italy, have been raifed, levied, collcdted, and paid ; and all monies which (hall and may arife out of the faid additional duty, (hall be carried to, and made part of, the fund fPX) iponly called The finking fund j and the fame (hall be deemed

<u4

«52

the monies to be carried into, and made part of the linking fund.

A drawback of one half of the additional duty to he allowed upon the exportation thereof.

From and after 14 June, 1766, liberty given to export to Ireland any quantity of gum fenega or gum arable, not exceeding 30 tons in any one year; licence being tirtt had from the treafury;

and the ex-'

curity for the due landiqg, fee* thereof,

Anno fcxto Georgii III. c. 46.	[176$.

and taken to be part of the fame finking fund, and (hall be if-fued and applied to fuch ufes and purpofes as the feveral excefles, furplufles, or overplus monies, compofing the finking fund, are or may be iflued and applied; and all provifions of or in every &Ct, law or ftatute, now in force for raifing, levying, collecting, and paying, the duties already impofed on filk crapes and tiffanies of the manufacture of Itafy% (hall be in full force, and (hall be put in execution, for raifing, levying, collecting, and paying, the additional duty by this aCt granted, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame had been particularly repeated and re-enaCted in this aCt.

IV.	Provided always, and be it further cnaCted by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the faid firft day of Auguft, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty fix, upon the exportation tof fuch filk crapes and tiffanies, which (hall have paid the faid duty by this act impofed, there (hall be allowed a drawback of one half of the faid additional duty of feventecn (hillings and fix pence upon every pound weight of fuch crapes and tiffanies fo exported (each pound containing fixteen ounces) which faid drawback (hal! be made or allowed according to fuch rules and methods as drawbacks are allowed by any law now in force relating to the cuftoms on the exportation of fuch filk crapes and tiffanies.

V.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the fourteenth day of Juney one thoufand feven hundred and fixty fix, it (hall and may be lawful to and for any of his Majefty’s fubjeCts, being natives of Great Britain or Ireland, to export from Great Britain to Ireland, to be ufed in the linen manufactures of that kingdom, any quantity of gum fenega or gum arabic, fo that the whole quantity to be exported of both the faid gums, do not exceed thirty tons weight avoirdupois in any one year, without paying any cuftom or duty for or upon the exportation thereof; provided notice be firft given to the com mi (Tinners of his Majefty’s treafury, or the lord high treafurer for the time being, of the quantity of fuch gums refpeClively fo intended to be exported, with the name of the (hip and mafter in which the fame is to be laden, and the port in Ireland to which the fame is intended to be carried $ and a licence for that purpofe is taken under the hands of the faid commiffioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them, or the faid high treafurer for the time being, which licence he or they is and are hereby refpectively authorized and impowered to grant; any law, cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary notwith-ftanding.

VI.	And it is hereby further enaClcd by the authority afbre-faid, That, before any fuch gums refpeCtively (hall be (hipped or laden on board any (hip or veffel in Great Britain, to be exported to Ireland, by virtue of fuch licence as aforefaid, the exporter (ball give bond, with fufficient fecurity, to his Majefty, his heirs, and fucceflors, in the fum of three pounds and ten (hillings for every hundred weight of fqcb gums refpeCtively*

253

1765.] Anno fexto Georgii HI. c.46.

that the fame, and every part thereof, (hall (the danger of the Teas excepted) be well and truly exported to, and landed at fome port in, the kingdom of Ireland, to be named and exprefled in fuch bond ; and, upon landing, be immediately lodged and fe- andwarehoufi-cured in fuch warehoufe belonging to his Majefty, his heirs, ing the fame; and fucceflors, as the commiflioners of his Majefty’s revenue in Ireland, or any three or more of them for the time being, (hall dire&and appoint; and to produce, within twelve months from andproduciag the date of each refpedlive bond, to the commiflioners of the ^ cuftoms, or the principal officers of the cuftoms; at the port months, where fuch bond (hall have been given, a certificate under the hands and feals of the collector and comptroller, or other principal officers of the cuftoms, at the port where fuch gums re-ljpc<ftively (hall be landed and fecured, that the fame have been fo landed and delivered into their cuftody and pofleflion ; and the faid gums (hall not be afterwards taken .out of fuch ware- Gums not to houfe, until the owner or proprietor of fuch gums refpetftively b* ^ (hall -have given bond, with fufficient fecurity, to his Majefty, warehoufe? * his heirs, and fucceflors, in the fum of fifty pounds for every till bond and hundred weight of fuch gums refpe&ively, not to export the fecurity be lame again from the kingdom of Ireland\ but to ufc, fell, or dif- Siven n<*to pofe of, the fame in or tor the linen manufactures of the faid thc kingdom, and for no other ufe or purpofe whatfoever; and that but to ufe or he will not fell fuch gums for any greater price than he paid for difpofe of the the fame; which laft mentioned bond (hall continue in force for |?mc tbe one year from and after the date thereof; and in cafe no fraud	"

lhall appear within that time, it (hall and may be lawful for the the kingdom, commiflioners of his Majefty’s revenue in Ireland, or any three &c. or more of them, to direct the faid bond to be delivered up and cancelled.

VIJ. And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, Commiffion-That it (hall and maybe lawful for the commiflioners of the ersofthecu-cuftoms in that part of Great Britain called England, or any ftoms impow-three or more of them, at any time before the twenty firft day of Jufyy one thoufand feven hundred and fixty fix, but no longer, fmp0rt a c°r. to grant licence without fee or reward, in fuch cafes as they tain quantity lhall think proper, to any perfon or perfons to import into any of bugles from port in England, from the IJIe of Many in Britijb (hips navi gat-	°*

ed according to law, any quantity of bugles, not exceeding in an’ the whole twenty five thoufand pounds weight avoirdupois, which were imported into the faid IJIe of Man before the firft day of Marcby one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five; fo as notice be given to the faid commiflioners of the quantities and package of fuch bugles fo intended to be imported, together with the marks and numbers thereof, with the name of the (hip and mafter in which the fame are intended to be laden, and the port into which they are intended to be brought, and proof be made by oath of tne proprietor (or if the proprietor be a Quaker, by his affirmation) and by the oath of one other credible perfon, of the time when the bugles, for which fuch licence is defired, were imported into the (aid IJIe of Man.

z	VIII.	And

*54

Upon entry of the buglet, the licence for importation to be delivered up.

Bugles liable to duties, dec.

Claufes in two atitof 33 Geo, a*

Ad 33 Geo.*

& 5 Geo. 3.

From and after *4. June, 1766, B'itilh made fpirits allowed to be exported 5 and rums and fpirits of the Britifh fugar plantations, to be exported, or imported, in veflels not lefs than 70 tons bur-tbcJL

Anno fexto Georgii III. c. 46.	[ 1765,

VIII.	And be it further enaded, That upon entry of any fuch bugles, the licence granted for importing the fame (hall be delivered up by the matter, or other perfon taking charge of the veflel, to the colle&or or other principal officer of the cu-ftoms at the port of importation, to be by fuch officer tranfmit-ted to the faid com miffi oners of the cuftoms to be cancelled ? and the faid bugles (hall be liable to the fame duties, rettridions, and regulations, in all refpeds* as bugles imported into Greet Britain from foreign parts are now liable to by law ; any law* cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary notwithftanding.

IX.	And whereas by an aft made in the thirty third year of his late majejly King George the Second* intituled* An ad for preventing the excefTivc ufc of fpirituous liquors, by laying additional duties thereon; for (hortening the prohibition of making low wines and fpirits from wheat, barley, malt, or other grain, and from meal, flour, and bran; and for encouraging the exportation of Briti/h jnade fpirits; and for more effectually Teeming the duties payable upon fpirits, and preventing the fraudulent relanding or importation thereof; the exportation* as merchandize* of Britilh made fpirits is limited to vejfcls of one hundred tons at the leaf: and whereas by another aft made in the faid thirty third year erf his faid Majejly* intituled* An ad for encouraging the exportation of rum and fpirits of the growth, produce, and manufacture, of the Britijh lugar plantations, from this kingdom, and of Britijh fpirits made from mclafles ; the exportation of rum and fpirits from this kingdom* as merchandize* of the growth% producey and manufacture, of tbs Britifh fugar plantations* is alfo limited to vejfels of one hundred tons at the leaf: and whereas by an aft mail in the (afl jijjion of parliament* intituled, An ad for the better fe-curing, and further improvement, of the revenues of cuttoms, excife, inland and fait duties; and for encouraging the lineit manufadure of the Iflc of Man \ and for allowing the importation of feveral goods the produce and manufadure of the faid Bland, under certain reftridions and regulations ; the importation into this kingdom of any foreign fpirits is limited to vejfels of om hundred tons at the leajl: and whereas it would be of great convenience to trade and navigation if fuch exportation to certain places* and fuch importation, were to be allowed in vejfels of lefs burthen than one hundred tons; be it therefore further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the twenty fourth day of June4 one thoufand feven hundred and fixty hx, any Britijh made fpirits may be exported as merchandize from this kingdom to Africa and Newfoundland* in any veflel not being of lefs burthen than feventy tons; and any rum and fpirits of the growth, produce, and manufadure, of the Britijh fugar plantations, may be exported from this kingdom as merchandize to Africa*. Irelaui* and Newfoundland, in any veflels not being of lefs burthen than feventy tons; and that any rum or other fpirits of the growth and manufadure of the Britijh fugar plantations, maybe imported or brought into this kingdom in any veflel of not lets burthen than feventy tons; all which exportation and importation

ty65.] Anno fexto GeoroIi IH. c. 4/v	'45^

tion (hall, in all other refpedts, be made under and fubje& to the powers, authorities, rules, regulations, limitations, reftric-tions, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things, in the £ud ads contained refpedively, and not otherwife.

CAP. XLVII.

An aSt for laying additional duties on certain Jpirits imported; and for prolonging the time allowed by law for lodging and keeping in wareboufes rum and Jpirits imported.

WHEREAS the importation of foreign brandy, and Jpirits Preamble hath of late confukrably increafed, to the prejudice of the trade of bis Majeftfs dominions: therefore we, your Majefty's mod dutiful and loyal fubjeds, the commons or Great Britain, in parliament aflembled* mod humbly befeech your Majedy, that it may be ena&cd ; and be it ena&ed by the King’s mod excellent majedy, by and with the advice and confpnt of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from The following and after the fird day of july^ one thoufand feven hundred and additional du-fixty fix, there (hall be raifed, levied, colle&ed, and paid unto ties on foreign his Majedy, tyis heirs, and fucceflors, throughout the kingdom of Great Britain, the following additional rates and duties of ptacefronfand excife herein after mentioned; that is to fay. For every gallon after 1 July, of (ingle brandy, fpirits, or aqua vitae, imported into Great Bri- 1766; tain from beyond the feas, not being the produce of the Britijb	per

colonies or plantations, to be paid by the importer before land- ^^e^nui-ing, fix pence; and for every gallon of brandy, fpirits, or aqua vitae, above proof, commonly called double brandy, imported in- & ?*. per gal-to Great Britain from beyond the feas, not being the produce of Ion on double the Britijb colonies or plantations, to be paid by the importer	be*

before landing, one (hilling.	...	foi?landing/

II.	And for the better afeertaining, chargings collecting, rai/ingy levying* and fecuring, the faid additional rates and duties, ana preventingfrauds therein; be it further enabled by the authority a-forefaid. That fuch of the rates and duties as are hereby impofed^phedotiew to upon the faid fpirituous liquors imported into England, Wales> t* under the or the town of Berwick upon Tweedy (hall be under the receipt receipt and and management of the commiffioners and officers of his Maje- management fly’s revenue of excife in England for the time being; and that °\2[* con^iMt filch of the faid rates and duties as are hereby impofed upon ^ce^f the faid fpirltuoys liquors imported into Scotland, (hall be tin- exrift > der the receipt and management of the commiffioners and officers of excife in Scotland for the time being ; and the faid refpe&ivo> oommtffioners, or the major part of them, have hereby power, by cotnmiffion under their refpedtive hands and feals, to confti-tote end appoint under them fuch officers as (hall be neceflary-hft M behalfj and that alt tl>e monies arifing by the faid addi- aad to be paid tional’rates and duties in Great Britain, or any part thereof (the into the ex* geceflary charges of raifing and accounting for the lame except- che¥*?9 «d) Qua, tnm tmo to umc, be paid iqto the yeccip^^hU |^r^ti“ ^

J

256	Anno fextoGEORGil III. C.47.'	[1765.

Majcfty’s exchequer at Wtfiminjhr., and (hall be applied in fuch manner as the duties laid on brandy, fpirits, and aqua vitae, by an adt made in the thirty third year of the reign of his late Ma-jefty King George the Second, for preventing the exceflive ufe of fpirituous liquors, by laying additional duties thereon, and for other purpofes, are now appropriated and applied, and to be af- III. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid,. ried”and fe" ^at the additional rates and duties by this adl granted, curedfas the afeertained, charged, colledled, raifed, levied, and fecured, former dutict in fuch and the fame manner, and under fuch regulations, and upon the fiid with fuch powers and authorities, as are granted, preferibed, liquors. and appointed, by any act or adts of parliament now in force, with refpedt to the rates and duties formerly granted upon the importation of the faid fpirituous liquors.

Recital of	IV. And whereas by an aft pajfedin the fifteenth year of the reign of

daufes in aft his late majefiy King George the Second, to impower the importers or 15 Geo. a.	proprietors of rum or fpirits of the Britifh fugarplantations,	to land

the fame before payment of the duties of excife charged thereon, and to lodge the fame in warehoufes at their own expence, and for other purpofes, it was enabled, That from and after the twenty ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and forty two, all fuch rum or fpirits of the growth, produce, or manufacture, of the Bri-ti(h fugar plantations, as Jhould be imported into the kingdom of Great Britain direflly from the faid fugar plantations, or any of them, upon the entry thereof might forthwith, and before payment of all or any part of the duty of excife charged upon the fame, be landed from on board the fhip or veffel in which the fame Jhould be ft imported, and carried and put into fuch wareheufe or warehoufes as Jhould be for that purpofe provided (at the charge of the refpeCHve proprietor or proprietors, importer or importers, of fuch rum or fpi-rits) and Jhould be approved of by the commiffoners of excife, or the major part of them, for the time being, upon the proprietor or proprietors, importer or importers, of fuch rum or fpirits that Jhould be fo landed, firjl giving (at his or their charge and cxpence) his or their bond, or other good and fivfficicnt fecurity, which the commiff oners or' other proper officers of the excife were thereby required and impower-ed to tale, for payment of all and every the duties of excife which rum or fpirits was charged with, and liable to pay, as foots as the fame Jhould be fold, in cafe the fame Jhould be fold within fix months from and after the time the fame jhould be fo landed and put into warehoufes 'as aforefaid; and in cafe the fume Jhould not he fold within the faid fix months, then to pay the fame at the end of fuch fix months; fuch duty of excife to be computed according to the gage of fuch rum or fpirits, to be taken at the time the fame Jhould'be J&> landed and lodged in warehoufes as aforefaid: and it is in and bytb*>

,	faid	oft further tnafted, That in cafe fuch rum or fpirits. fbonldf

after landed, be permitted or fuff ere d to remain in fuch warihouftofl warehoufes, in which the fame Jhould be ft lodged for tbeparpoftt aforefaid, for any time exceeding the fpace of fix months after the fame Jhould be fo landed and lodged in fuch wareheufe as a for Amis and the importer or proprietor, or other perftn or porfim by ttmjm

them

765.] Anno fexto GeoRGH III. C.47.	257

hem appointed, Jhould not, within the J'aid fix months, pay, <?r 0 fo paid, to the collector or receiver of the excife duties appointed to eceive the fame, all and every the duties of excife to which the fime vere fubjeft and liable; and jhould omit to procure or bring fitch cer- ' ificate, therein before directed to be had and made,from Juch collec-or or receiver to Jucb warehoufe keeper or zvarehouje keepers, and to be officer of excife attending the fame, of the payment of the Jaid futies of excife within the time aforefaid; that then it Jhould and night be lawful to and for the /aid tommijfioners of excife, or the najor part of them, for the time being, to aired and order fuch rum r fpirits, Jo lodged in fuch warehoufe or warehoufes, for which the rasd duties Jhould not be paid within the time aforefaid, to be put up to ole at publick cant or auction to the bejl bidder or bidders for the fame\ mi that the money arifeng by fuch fale Jhould, in the firjt place, be applied in difeharge of the duties payable thereon, and the charges at-ending fuch warehoufe or warehoufes, and alfo the expence of fuch ale j and the furplus of the monies fo arifing by fuch fale (if any) fter payment of the faid duties and charges, Jhould go and be paid to be proprietor or importer of the faid rum and fpirits who fo landed nd Ipdged the fame in the faid warehoufe: and whereas it may tend 0 the encouragement of the importation and re-exportation of rum or bints of the growth, produce, or manufacture, of the British fugar Carnations into and from this kingdom, and be of greater eafe to the roprietor or importer of the fame, if the faid term of fix months, y the faid aft given and granted for fuch rum or fpirits Jo to be vanhoufed in the manner by the faid aft direfted, be enlarged to a mger time j be it therefore enafted by the authority aforefaid, The term 0f* That from and after the firft day of July, one thoufand feven 6 months Kindred and fixty fix, the faid term of fix months, fo given and granted by the panted in and by the faid aft of the fifteenth year of his late recited aft, ^ naiefty King George the Second above recited, (hall be extended mo enlarged to the fpace of twelve calendar months for the Britifh fugar purpofes in the faid aft mentioned, under the fame provitions plantations to and regulations, and with fuch powers and authorities, as are bewarehouf-granted, preferibed, or appointed, in and by the faid recited aft, j^nt or any other aft or afts of parliament now in force, with refpeft duties of ex-to the landing and warehoufing of rum or fpirits of the growth, cife, after 1 produce, or manufafture, o£ the Britijh fugar plantations into the kingdom of Great Britain.	™

V.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid.

That if any perfon or perfons (hall be fued, molefted, or pro-fecutcd, for any tiling done by virtue or in purfuance of this aft, fuch perfon or perfons (hall and may plead the general ifiue. General iffue. and give this aft, and the fpecial matter in evidence, in his or their defence orldefences; and if afterwards a verdift (hall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs fhall difeontinue his or their aftion or aftions, or be nonfuited} or judgement (hall be given againft him, her, or them, upon demurrer, orotherwife, then fuch defendant or defendants (hall have treble cofts awarded to him, her, or them, againft any Treble Cofti. filch plaintiff or plaintiffs.	.	.

Vbr.XXV It	S’"	CAP,

258	Anno	fexto Georgii III. c.48.	[1765*

CAP. XLVIlI.

An alt for the letter prefervation of timber treA, and of woods and underwoods; and for the further prefervation of roots, Jhrubsy and plants.

Preamble.	*117 HERE A S the prefervation of timber trees, or trees Ukelj

VV to become timber, is of great confequence to this kingdom; may it therefore pleafe your Majeftv, that it may be enadted; and be it enadled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal and commons, in this prefent parliament aiTembled, and by the Proman'daf- authority of the fame. That from and after the twenty fourth ter 14 June, day Qf June, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty fix, every convi^edof1 P^011 w^° lhall wilfully cut or break down, bark, burn, pluck damaging UP» 1<>P» top, crop, or otherwife deface, damage, fpoil, or de-deftroying, or ftroy, or carry away, any timber tree or trees, or trees likely to carrying away become timber, or any part thereof, or the lops or tops there-Stei^or without the confent of the owner or owners thereof firft had the lops or	and obtained, or, in any of his Majefty*s forefts or chafes,

tops thereof, without the confent of the furveyor or furveyors, or his or their without con- deputy or deputies, or perfon or perfons intruded with the care owner &c	^f the fame, and (hall be thereof convicted upon the oath of one

* 9	or more credible witnefs or witnefles, before any one or more of

his Majefty’s juftices of the peace for the county, city, riding, divifion, diftridt, or place, wherein fuch offence (hall have been committed, (hall, for the firft offence, forfeit and pay fuch fum forfeit, for the of money, not exceeding twenty pounds, as to fuch juftice or *! t bflfee?* juftices (nail feem meet, together with the charges previous to aol.^with til? an<* attending fuch convidlion, to be afeertained by fuch juftice charges at- or juftices who (hall convidl the offender; and upon non-pay* tending; ment thereof, fuch juftice or juftices (hall commit the offender and on non- the common gaol Qf the county or place where the offence to\>e commit- lhall he committed, there to remain without bail or mainprize ted for not - for any time not exceeding twelve months, nor lefs than fir more than 11, months, or until the penalty and charges (hall be paid; and if nor lefs than 6 any perfon f0 convidfed (hall be guilty ot the like offence a fecond • forlhe'fecond l*mc> anc* lhall he thereof convidted in like manner, fuch per-offence, a fum fon (hall forfeit and pay fuch fum of money, not exceeding thirty not exceeding pounds, as to fuch juftice or juftices (hall feem meet, together 301. See.	with the charges previous to and attending fuch convidtion, to

be afeertained by fuch juftice or juftices who (hall convidl the and on non- offender; and upon non-payment thereof, fuch juftice or juftices payment, are (hall commit the offender to the common gaol of the county or to be commit- place where the offence (hall be committed, there to remain more than 18 whh°ut hail or mainprize for any time not exceeding eighteen nor lefs than * months, nor lefs than twelve months, or until the penalty and it months; charges (hall be paid ; and if any perfon fo convidted (hall be Mdforthe guilty of the like offence a third time, and (hall be thereof con-areto betrjmf-	*n 1®* manner, fuch perfon lhall be deemed guilty of fe-

ported for 7 lony, and the court, by and before whom fiich perfon mail be years. tried, lhall and hereby hath authority to tnuifport fuch perfon

• or

2

*59

176$.] Anno fexto Georoii III. c. 48.

>r perfons, for the fpace of feven years, to any of his Majefty’s >lan tar ions in America, in like manner as other felons are di-■efteid to be tranfported by the laws and ftatutes of this realm.

II.	And be it enacted by the authority aforefaid. That all What trees >ak, beech, chefnut, wallnut, a(h, elm, cedar, fir, afp, lime, ycamore, and birch trees, (hall be deemed and taken to be

imber trees within the true meaning and provifion of this alt. meaning of

III.	And whereas many idle and disorderly perfons have, of late the aft. wr;, made a practice of plucking or digging up, cuttings fpoiling,

nr defraying) and taking or carrying away, divers and fundry forts of +ootS) Jhrubs, and plants (many of which are of great value) out of he fields, nurferies, gardens, and garden grounds, and other cultivated lands, of divers of his Majejlys fubjefts; be it therefore snafted by the authority aforeuid, That from and after the Perfons cocj} twenty fourth day of June9 one thoufand feven hundred and °f lixty fix, all and every perfon who (hall pluck uo, or cut, fpoil,	”{?•

or deftroy, or take or carry away, any root, (hrub, or plant, taking away, roots, (hrubs, or plants, out of the fields, nurferies, gardens, any root, ar garden grounds, or other cultivated lands, of any perfon or (hrub, or perfons wbomfoever, without the confent of the owner or own-?rs thereof firft had and obtained, and (hall be thereof convidted yated ground, jpon the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witnefles, be-ore any one or more credible witnefs or witnefles, before any me or more juftice or juftices of the peace for the county, city, iding, divifion, diftridt, or place, wherein fuch offence (hall save been committed, (hall, for the firft offence, forfeit and pay forfeit, for the uch fum orfumsof moneyas to fuch juftice or juftices (hall lft offence, ecm meet, not exceeding forty (hillings, together with thc cJ^dinK^os. rharge previous to and attending fuch convidtion, to be afeer- wjth tbeS4° * ained by fuch juftice or juftices who (hall convift the faid of- charges! endcr; and \f any perfon fo convicted (hall again commit the for tne zdof-»ke offence, and mail be thereof convidted in manner aforefaid, fence, a fum !iich perfon and perfons being fo convidted (hall, for fuch fe- exceeding Wind offence, forfeit and pay fuch fum of money as to the .faid [uftice or juftices (hall feem meet, not exceeding five pounds,	*

together with the charges previous to and attending the con vidhon of fuch offender; and if* any perfon fo before conviftcd, (hall and fa ^ a third time commit the like offence, and (hall be thereof con- 3d offence, are vidted, fudi perfon fo convidted (hall, for fuch third offence, to be tranf-be deemed guilty of felony, and the court, before whom fuch Porlcd tor 7 perfon (hall be tried, (hall and hereby hath authority to tranf- year51' port fuch perfon, for the fpace of feven years, to any of his Majcfty’s plantations in America, in like manner as other felons are dire&cd to be tranfported by the laws and ftatutes of this realm.

IV.	And whereas many idle and diforderly perfons have of late fears made a practice of going into the woods, underwoods, ,and Shod grounds, of divers of his Majefiy's fubjefts, and there cut, and tarried away, great quantities of young wood, of various kinds, for making of poles and walking flicks, and for various other ufes; and9 m beech, and other woods and underwoods, under pretence of getting

S 2	fire-

266

Anno fmo GeoRGII III. 0.48.	[176^

fjreiuooJ, have cut down, houghed, fplit off* or otherwife damaged or dejtroyid the growth of the jbid woods and underwoods, to the great injury and damage of the lawful oivners thereof: end whereas . the laws now in being are not found fufficient to remedy the aforefaid ■ p f	evils$ be it therefore cna&ed by the authority aforelaid, That

vifted^o^cut- a^ an(* evcry perfon and perfons who, from and after the twen-tingrdamag- tv fourth day of Junc> onethoufand feven hundred and fixty fix, ing, or taking (nail go into the woods, underwoods, or wood grounds, of any any of his Majcfty's fubjedts, not being the lawful owner or owners deTvood Un" thereof, and (hall there cut, lop, top, or fpoil, fplit down or pole*, fticks, damage, or otherwife deftroy, any kind of wood or underwood, &c.	poles, (ticks of wood, green (tubs, or young trees, or carry or

or (hall have convcy away t*ie fame; or (hall have in his, her, or their cu-anv^fuch in (tody, any Kind of wood, underwood, poles, (ticks of wood, tlv.ii cuftody, green (tubs, or young trees, and (hall not give a fatisfadloryac-w rhout being count how he, (he, or they, came by the fame, and (hall be cunnt?atMw- t^erco^ convidted before any one or more of his faid Majefty’s tJ-iiy ior the juftices of the peace, on the oath of one or more credible witnefs f:^;	or witnefles ; (hall, for the firft offence, forfeit and pay imme-

U'l thc diately on convidtion, any fum not exceeding the fum of forty idlings, together with the charges previous to and attending cxhiding40s. fuch convidtion, to be afeertained by the faid juftice or juftices v/.u the who (hall convidt the offender or offenders: and if any perJon 1 argesj or perfons (hall commit any of the offences aforefaid a lecond ofttiice any time, and (hall be thereof again convidted in manner aforefaid; fum'not ex- he, ftie, or they, (hall forfeit and pay any fum riot exceeding crewing 5I. the fum of five pounds, together with the charges previous to with the and attending fuch conviction, to be afeertained as aforefaid: andTorthe d an<* ^ anY Pcr^on or P^fons fhsdl commit any of the offences offence^ a re to aforefaid a third time ; that then fuch perfon and perfons, beine be punifhed as duly convidted thereof according to law, (hall he deemed and incorrigible adjudged an incorrigible rogue or rogues, and lhaM be punithed ro&uc#- as fuch.

Power given V. And be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That his to juitices of Majefty’s juftices of the peace for the refpe&ive counties, cities, put th^aft0, r^*n8s» divifions, or places, wherein any of the offences commir-execurioiL tCc* againft this adt (hall be done, are hereby authorized to put this adt in execution, and to adminifter an oath to any fuch credible witnefs or witnefles.

VI.	And whereas the mifchiefs intended by this aft to be prevented may be evaded on account of the offender's not being able to pay down the fum forfeited, and charges incurred thereby; fuch offenders Jrt-quently having no goods or other chatties, whereon tie fame can be levied ; therefore be it enadted, That it (hall and may be lawful Where the re- ^or jl,^*ce or juftices, unlcfs the refpcclive forfeitures (hall (peftive for- be paid down upon convidtion forthwith, where not otherwife ' feitures (hall diredted by this adt, by warrant under his or their hands and not be paid fcajs commit fuch offender or offenders for the firft offence, to viaion^the*1' t^lc h°ufe of corredlion for one month, to hard labour, and to be offenders may once whipped there; and for the fecond offence, where nor other-be committed wife directed by this ad>, to the houfe of correction for three to hard la-	months,

>5*3 A«no fexto Georgii III. c.48.	261

iths, to hard labour, and to be whipped there once in every bow; for the

of the (kid three months.	,ft off*Ice

t month, and

once whipped i and for the »d offence for 3 months, and to be thrice whipped.

II.	And he-it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, Perfons hin. it it any perfon or perfons (hall, at any time, hinder, or at- ^"§11 ^o*’ ft to prevent, the feizing or fecuring any perfon employed pr^^tfreiz-irrying away any fuch timber or other trees; every fuch per- mg offenders, fo hindering, or attempting to prevent, fuch feizing or fe- forfeit 10I. to ig, fhall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum thc

en pounds to the perfon or perfons who (hall convidt fuch Jhemj 8 ider : and if the faid fum be not immediately paid on con- and if not paid on, the perfon or perfons fo convidted (hall be, by the ju- down, are to or juftices before whom he, (he, or they, (hall be convidted, mined to the houfe of corredtion, to hard labour, for any n° t ex^mg not exceeding fix calendar months.	6 months.

III.	And be it further enadted, That one moiety of all and Application

f the forfeitures herein before diredted to be paid in purfuance of forfeitures is adt, and not otherwife diredted, fhall go to the informer, dJJ^cdtobe :he other moiety to the perfon or perfons aggrieved.	applied.

[. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, Conviaionsto

t the convidtion and convidtions of all and every offender ** ccrtifie^ to

offenders againft this adt, fhall be certified by the jufticeor

:es of the peace before whom the fame fhall be made, to the Sons,

general quarter feflions of the peace, to be filed amangft

ecords of the faid feflions; and that fuch convidtion (hall

ifly written on parchment or paper in the following form

ords (as the cafe fhall happen) or in any other form of	1

Is to the like effedt; that is to fay.

it•

| T5 E it remembered, That on the J -D	in	the	year

day of^prm of co*> A. B. was,

upon the complaint of C. D. convifled before of the jufiices of the peace for	in	purfuance

of an aft paffed in the fixth year of the reign of his ma~ jefty King George the Third, for as the cafe fhall be.

Given under	hand and feal

the day and year above written.

:h faid convidtion fhall be good and effedtual in law to all

ts and purpofes; and fhall not be quafhed, fet afide, or Conviaion

ged void or infufficient, for want of any form or words not liable to

oever; nor to be liable to be removed by Certiorari into his **

fly’s court of King's Bench, but fhall be deemed and taken ™ra"0 be ^ #

final to all intents and purpofes whatfoever.	moved.

S3

CAP.

262	Anno	fcxto	Georgn III. c. 49.'	[1765.

CAP. XLIX.

An ad for opening andeftablijbin certain parts in of Jamaica and Dominica, for the more free importation and exportation of certain goods and merchandizes j for granting certain duties to defray the expences of opening maintaining, fecuring, and	, fucb ports; for

afcertaining the duties to be paid upon the importation of goods from the faid ijland of Dominica into this kingdom; and for fecuring the duties upon goods imported from the faid ijland into any other Britifh colory.

Preamble. "IX/HEREAS the appointing of proper and convenient ports V V in Jome of the Britifh colonies in America, for the more free importation and exportation of feveral goods and merchandizes, under certain rejlriftions and limitations, may be productive of con-fiderable advantages to the manufactures of Great Britain, tend ts the improvement of the revenue thereof and be a means of increajing and extending the trade and navigation of all his Majcjly's dominions: may it therefore plcafe your Majefty, that it may be enaded; 1 From and af- an° ^e ** enabled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and ter i Nov. with the advice and confcntof the lords fpiritual and temporal, 1766, liberty and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the given to im- authority of the fame. That from and after the firft day of No-^rri*gnone- vember, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty fix, live cattle, decked velTels, and all manner of goods and commodities, the growth or pro-live cattle, and duce of any colony or plantation in America not under the do-aUmanner of minion of his Majefty, his heirs, and fucceflfors, except tobacco, produce of may he imported into the ports called Prime Ruperts Bay and any American Rofeatt, in the ifland of Dominica, from any foreign colony or colony, not plantation in America, in any foreign (loop, fchooner, or other veflel whatfoever, not having more than one deck; any law, intolSnd’ cu?Tom’ °r.u(age’ *° thf contrary notwithftanding. of Dominica j II. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforefaid, and into the That from and after the faid firft day of November, one thou-poits of Ja- fand feven hundred and fixty fix, live cattle, and all manner of ^ood* *» are S0°^s anc* commodities, the growth or produce of any colony fere partfeu- or plantation in America not under the dominion of his Maje-larly enumc- fty, his heirs, 3nd fucc\flors, except fugars, coffee, pimento, rated, except- ginger, mclafl’cs, and tobacco, may, in like manner, be import-e^#	ed into the ports of King lion, Savannah, La Mar, Montego Bcy%

and Santa Lucca, in the'ifiand of Jamaica, from any foreign co- | lony or plantation in America, in any foreign (loop, fchooner, or other veffel whatfoever, not having more than one deck; any law, cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary notwithftanding.

But no foreign	III* Provided always, and be it further enadfed by the autho-

manufactures rity aforefaid. That nothing in this aQt contained (hall extend, «nay be im- Qr be conftrued to extend to allow any manufadlures from any thetfidd,nt0 colony or plantation in America not under the dominion of his iOamU, on Majefty, his heirs, and fijcceffi*rs, tQ be brought or imported

im

1765.] Anno fexto Georgii III. c.49.	263

into the faid iflands of Dominica or Jamaica ; but that all fuch forfeiture of manufactures fo brought and imported, (hall be forfeited, to-gether with the lhip or veflel in which the fame (hall be imported, with the tackle, apparel, and furniture thereof; to be feized by any officer or officers of his Majelty’s cuftoms, and profecuted in fuch manner as herein after is exprcfled.

IV.	And it is hereby further enaCted by the authority afore- Cemingoods-

faid. That from and after the firft day of September, one thou-	°*

fand feven hundred and fixty fix, no copper ore, cotton wool, pi^Ut£n«, ginger, fuftic, or other dying woods, hemp, indico, melafles, prohibited to beaver (kins, or other furrs, fugar, cocoa, coffee, pimento, hides imported and (kins, pot and pearl affies, raw filk, or whale fins, of the ijeV'dUUnL growth, production, or manufacture, of any Britijb colony or plantation in America% (hall be imported into the faid iflands of 1766, Dominica or Jamaica, or either of them, upon any pretence 0n forfeiture whatfoever, upon forfeiture thereof, with the (hip or veflel in of the goods which the fame (hall be imported j to be feized by any officer

of the cuftoms, and profecuted as herein after is exprefled.

V.	And it is hereby further enaCted by the authority afore- Negroes im-faid. That it (hall and may be lawful, from and after the faid

firft day of November, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty fix, inBritifh fhipst to. export from the faid ports in Dominica and Jamaica, to any may be ex- 9 foreign colony or plantation in America, in any foreign (loop, ported again fchooner, or other veflel whatfoever, not having more than one m deck, negroes brought into the faid ports in Britijb built (hipsM navigated according to law, and all manner of goods and mer- u mayallBri* chandizes whatfoever which (hall be legally imported into the t5fh commo-faid ports from Great Britain and Ireland, and from the Britijb colonies or plantations in America; except mafts, yards,	as

fprits, pitch, tar, turpentine, and tobacco; and alfo except fuch are here men-iron as (hall be brought from the Britijb colonies in America; honed, any law, cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary in any wife not-withftanding.

VI.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enaCted by the Doubts, with authority aforefaid, That if there (hall be any doubt whether refpea to the fuch goods, fo intended to be exported, have been legally im-

ported into the faid illands of Dominica and Jamaica; the le- tionsJTobe gality of fuch importation (hall be made appear to the fatisfac- cleared up by tion "of the collector, or other principal officer of the cuftoms, the oath of at the port of exportation, by the oath of the exporter or pro- exPorter* prietor of fuch goods, before the fame are fuffered to be (hipped * for exportation.

VII.	Provided neverthelefs, and it is hereby further enadted Wool, and by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the faid firft day <*h*J

ot November, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty fix, all 3 forSni wool, cotton wool, indico, cocliineal, fuftic, and all manner of growth, upon dying drugs or woods, drugs ufed in medicine, hair, furrs, hides exportation and (kins, pot and pearl afhes, whale fins, and raw filk, of the fromwjtwrrf growth and produce of any foreign colony or plantation, (hall, t0 be upon the exportation thereof from either of the faid iflands of imported di-Doainica or Jamaica, be imported directly from thence into reaiy into

S	4	Great ****** Brit****

. 264	Anno fexto Georgii III, c.49.	[ 1765.

under the re- Great Britain, under the like fccurites, penalties, and forfeitures, Th cft*“ as are particularly mentioned in two acts of parliament made in ia, and a», ” twelfth, and in the twenty fecond and twenty third yearsof and 13 Car. a. the reign of King Charles the Second, the former intituled. An oft for the encouraging and increafxng of flipping and navigation, and the latter intituled. An aft to prevent the planting of tobacco in England, and for regulating the plantation trade, or either of them, with reipedt to the goods in thofe adis particularly enumerated ; any law, cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary notwith-ftanding.

too goods to VIII- And it is hereby further enadted by the authority afore-bc exported faid9 That from and after the faid lirft day of November, one ca°to an°^art t^loulant^ feven hundred and fixty fix, no goods whatfoever (hall of Europe” or may exported from the faid ifland of Dominica to any part north of Cape of Europe to the northward of Cape Finifterrey except to Great Finifterre, ex- Britain ; and fuch goods (hall be there landed, under the fame Britain-^ere fccuril‘cs» regulations, and rcftrictions, and fubjedl to the fame they are to be penalties and forfeitures, as are mentioned in an adt made in the landed under twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, the regula- Jn Gfl for the encouraging and incrcafmg of flipping and naviga-Car 2 tlon 9 or any fubfcquent act now in force With refpedl to the goods 1	'	*'	in fuch adt particularly enumerated.

Sugar import- IX. Provided always, and it is hereby enadted by the autho-ed into Dorai" rity aforefaid. That from and after the laid lint day of November, ex” rteSfro onc t^ou^n<* ^cvcn hundred and fixty fix, it (hall and may be thenw to any* lawful to export, from the faid ports before mentioned in the foreign parts faid ifland of Dominica, any fu^ar which (hall have been import-ofEurope	cd into the fame, to any foreign parts of Europe to the fouth-

fouthward of warcj 0f Qape Finifterrc, in fuch veflcls only, and under fuch felt^ under curi^es> regulations, and rcftridlions, and fubjedt to the fame certain regu- penalties and forfeitures, as fjgar of the growth and produce of lations. any of the Britijh colonies or plantations in America may now be exported from fuch colonies or plantations to fuch foreign parts; any thing in this adt contained to the contrary notwithftanding. No veil'd with X. And it is hereby further enadted by the authority afore-goods of the faid, That from and after the faid firft day of November, one produce of the thoufand feven hundred and fixty fix, it (hall not be lawful for Aive	any Aup or whatfoever, which (hall load or take on board

cepted) may*" at l^c fa,d ifland of Dominica any goods, being the produce of proceed from that part of America commonly called The If'eft Indies (live cat-ftomir.ica to tie excepted) to proceed to any other ifland in the IVeJl Indies the	^ich now is, or hereafter may be, under the dominion of his

Welt India Majeftv, his heirs, and fucceflors, on any pretence whatfoever iflands, except (adtual diftrefs excepted) in which cafe the matter or other per-in cafe of foil having command or charge of fuch fhip or veflel (hall, in diftrefsj twelve hours after his arrival, report the fame, in writing, to the port is to be colleclor, or the chief officer of the cuftoms, together with the Jprthwith name of his vellel, and where bound, and at the fame time denude to the liver in to fuch officer a jurt and true account of his lading; and c^m-houfe (hall not, upon any pretence whatfoever, take on board any nor may ukt ^id ot or merchandize (needful provifions for bis voyage.

765.]	Anqofexto Georgii	HI. c.49.	165

»r neceflaries for repairs, excepted, for which he (hall firft ob- "tygP°d* °*

ain a permit from fuch officer) and in cafe any fuch matter, or1*0*”* thci:c»

lerfon having charge of fuch (hip or veffcl, (hall load, or fuffer

o be loaded, any kind of goods or merchandizes (except as be-

ore excepted) or, not being in diftrefs, ihall, contrary to the

ntent of this aft, come into any Britijh ifland in the IVeJl Indies;

iich (hip or vcffel, together with all her guns, tackle, furni- on forfeiture

lire, and ammunition, and all goods whatfoever on board of °f*llc

ler, (hall be forfeited, and (hall and may be feized and profe- an s° *'

ruted by any officer of his Majefty’s cuftoms, in fuch manner as

herein after is exprefled.

XI.	And it is hereby further enafted by the authority afore- n0 go^ 0f

Taid, That from and after the faid firft day of November, one the growth or thoufand feven hundred and fixty fix, no goods or commodities manufe&ure of the growth, production, or manufafture of Europe,, or the EaS^In^ Eqft Indies or other places beyond the Cape o f Good Hopty (hall,	ra‘ay

upon any pretence whatfoever, be exported from the faid ifland be exported of Dominica to any Britijb colony or plantation in America, on from Domini-forfeiture of fuch goods, and the (hiporveffel in which the fatpe gritilhA-fhall be fo exported, with all her guns, tackle, furniture, and merman co- ~ ammunition ; to be feized by any officer or officers of the cu- ionics,

(toms, and profecuted in the manner herein after exprefled. on forfeiture

XII.	And whereas it is necejfary that provifion Jhould be made for ®^ccl^dg defraying the expenses which may be incurred in carrying into execu- a

tton the directions and provifms of this afl, and for maintaining,

[ecuringy and. improvingy the faid ports; therefore we, your Ma-jefty’s mod dutiful and loyal fubjefts, the commons of Great Britain in parliament aflcmbled, do moft humbly hefeech your Majefty, that it may be enafted, and be it enafted by the au- Duty to be thorjty aforefaid, That from and after the faid firft day of No- paid on ex-vembfTy one thoufand feven hundred and fixty fix, there (hall be portation of railed, levied, collefted, and paid, unto his Majeftv, his heirs, and lucceflbrs, a dutv of one pound ten (hillings for and upon fe]s fom Ja-every negroe which (nail be exported in any foreign (hip or vef- maica; fel out of or from the faid ifland of Jamaica; and the like duty and u n 5m-of one pound ten (hillings for and upon every negroe which portation of (hall be imported into the faid ifland of Dominica ; and alfo the negroes into following duties for and upon the goods and merchandizes here- Dominica* in after mentioned, which (hall be imported into the faid ifland of Dominica; that is to fay,	imported into

Dominica.

For every barrel of beef and pork, fix pence.

For every firkin of butter, fix pence.

For every hundred weight avoirdupois of fugar, fix pence.

Foe every hundred weight avoirdupois of cocoa, two (hillings.

For every hundred weight avoirdupois of coffee, fix pence.

And after thofe rates for any greater or lefler quantity of fuch goods and merchandizes refpeftively.

XIII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. Duties to be That all the faid duties (hall be deemed and taken to be fterling deemed as

money fterling mo-

266	Anno	fexto Georgii III. c.49.	[1765.

ney of Great money of Great Britain, and be received to the amount of the Britain i value which fuch nominal fums bear in Great Britain \ and that at the rate of fuch monies may be received and taken according to the pro-5 s. 6 d. per portion and value of five (hillings and fix pencethe ounce in filver; oz* ver* and that the faid duties (hall be raifed, levied, collected, paid, and recovered in the fame manner and form, and by fuch rules, ways, and means, and under fach penalties and forfeitures, as any other duties now payable to his Majefty upon goods imported into, or exported from, the Britijb colonies or plantations in America, may be refpedively raifed, levied, collected, paid, and recovered, by any ad or ads of parliament now in A iicati f ^orce > an<* 'ha* the monies which (hall arife by the faid duties themonies10* (cxcept the neceflary charges of railing, collecting, levying, re-mrifing by the covering, anfwering, and accounting for, the fame) (hall be applied ftid duties, and difpofed of, from time to time, in fuch manner ashis Majefty (hall, by any warrant or warrants under his royal fign manual, countersigned by the high treafurer, or any three or more of the commiffioners of the treafury for the time being, dired and appoint, for defraying the expences of carrying into execution the purpofes of this ad, and for maintaining, fecuring, and improving, the faid ports; and if any overplus (hall remain of the monies arifing by the faid duties, after defraying fuch expences as aforefaid, the fame (hall be paid into the receipt of his Ma-jefty’s exchequer at IVeftminJier, and be there referved to be, from time to time, difpofed of by parliament, towards defraying the neceflary expences of defending, proteding, and fecuring, the Britijb colonies and plantations in America.

Ko other du- XIV. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, tics to be paid That from and after the faid firft day of November, one thou-f°*	fand feven hundred and fixty fix, no duties (hall be paid, other

wtedhito1" ^an as are kere*n before mentioned, for or in refped of Dominica, any goods the growth or produd of any foreign colony or than thole be-plantation in America, which (hall be imported into any luch fore mention- port in the faid ifland of Dominica (except fuch - duties as have except upon been, or lhall be, impofed, by any ad of this prefent feflion of melanes and parliament, upon melafles and fyrups imported into any Britijb fymps. colony or plantation in America) any law, cuftom, or ulage, to the contrary notwithftanding.

After 1 Jan. XV. And it is hereby further enaded by the authority afore-1767^11 Ame- faid. That from and after the firft day of January, one thoufand ricangoods feven hundred and fixty feven, all goods and commodities of ^eatBritain0 American produce, which (hall be imported into Great Britain from Domini- from the faid ifland of Dominica (except fuch quantities of fugar ca,	and rum as (hall be imported by certificate as herein after men-

certificated tionecl) (hall be deemed and taken to be goods and commodi-Mr^cxcepted;tlcs	growth, produce, or manufacture, of foreign colo-

are made lia-’ nics or plantations, and (hall be liable to the fame duties, regu-hie to the fame lations, and redactions, penalties and forfeitures, in all refpeCts, duties, &c. as the jike goods of the growth, produce, or manufacture, of anv French colony or plantation would be liable to by law. colonies. %Vl. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority

afore-

1765.]	Anno fexto GeoRGII III. c. 49:	267

aforefaid, That from and after the faid firft day of January, Licence to inu one thoufand feven hundred and fixty feven, it (nail be lawful portcertifiat-to import from the faid ifland of Dominica, in Britijb built vef- fu J^7rom fels navigated according to law, into Great Britain, any fugar Dominica*un-or rum, upon payment of the like duties and cuftoms as are der certain now payable upon the importation of fugar and rum refpec- conditions lively ot the growth, produce, or manufacture, of the Britijb colonies or plantatipns in America; and fuch goods (hall, in all other refpeds, be liable to the fame rules, regulations, and re- ■

{trillions, as Britijb fugar and rum are now liable to by law 5 provided the perfon loading fuch fugar and rum on board any {hip or veflel in the faid ifland of Dominica (hall, before the clearing out of the fame, prove to the fatisfaltion of the colledor, or other principal officer of the cuftoms, at the loading port, that the faid goods bona fide grew, or were produced ana manufadured in the faid iflana of Dominica, by the oath of the grower, maker, or (hipper of fuch goods, or his or their known agent or faltor, exprefling in words at length, and not in figures, the quality of the goods fo (hipped, with the number and denomination of the packages; which oath (hall be adrai-niftered by fuch colledor, or other principal officer of the cuftoms, and figned in his prefence by the perfon proving the fads; and the colledor, or other principal officer of the cuftoms, before whom fuch proof (hall be made, (hall thereupon grant to the mafter, or other perfon having the charge of the (hip or veflel, a certificate, under his hand and feal of office (without fee or reward) of his having received fuch proof purfuant to thediredions of this ad; which certificate (hall exprels the quality of the goods (hipped 6n board fuch (hip or veuel, with the number and denomination of the packages; and upon the arrival of fuch (hip or veflel into any port in this kingdom, the mafter, or other perfon taking the charge or command of fuch fhip or veflel, (hall, at the time he makes bis report of his caigo, deliver the faid certificate to the colledor, or other principal officer of the cuftoms, in fuch port, and make oath before him, that the goods fo reported are the fame that are mentioned in the faid certificate.

XVII.	And it is hereby further enaded by the authority No goods of aforefaid, That from and after the faid firft day of November, American one thoufand feven hundred and fixty fix, no goods or commo- produccjiable dities whatfoever of American produce, liable to the payment of

any duty on importation into any Britijb colony or plantation ^^BritM!! ° on the continent of America, (hall be imported there, from the colony from faid ifland of Dominica, without a certificate, to be produced Dominica, and proved in the manner before direded, fpecifying whether	a	ccr‘

fuch goods are the growth or produce of any foreign or Britijb forfeiture colony or plantation, on forfeiture of fuch goods, and the veflel of the goods in which the fame (hall be imported; to be fcized and profe- *nd veflel. cuted as herein after is direded.

XVIII.	And be it further enaded by the authority afore- ^plication /aid. That the monies arifing by the faid duties upon the pL^bleupon

V	impor-F *	**

*68

Anno fextp Georgii HI. c.49.

[*765*

importation of importation into this kingdom, from the faid ports in the ifland *** Freat &om*n*ca* fuch g°o3s and merchandizes as are herein be* Britain from ^orc directed to be deemed and taken to be of French or foreign Dominica* as produce, (hall (except the neceflary charges of railing, collect-are deemed of ing, recovering, paying, and accounting, for the (ame) be paid French or fo- ;nto the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, and be applied and reign produce,	Qf to fuch Qfes as thc juties upon fuch foreign goods

are now applicable unta Duties payable XIX. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enaded upon impor- by the authority aforefaid. That the importer or proprietor of Srtified goods9a? 80<k1s ^ commodities liable to the payment of any duties legally import-to his Majefty, his heirs, or fucceflbrs, which (hall be lawfully ed from Do- imported from the faid ifland of Dominica into Great Britain, after the (aid firft day of January, one thouiand feven hundred and fixty feven, without any fuch certificate as is herein before mentioned, (hall and may, upon the importation thereof, pay down in ready money to the collector of his Majefty’s cuftoms, only three pence per hundred weight avoirdupois upon fugars fo imported; and only one half of the old fubfidy granted by the ad of tonnage and poundage, made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, upon all other goods; which faid refpedive duties (hall not be afterwards drawn back or repaid upon the exportation of fuch fugars, and other goods; provided the fame (hall, upon landing, be immediately lodged and fecured under the King’s locks, in warehoufes provided at the foie expence of the importer or proprietor thereof, with the privity and approbation, and under the care and in-fpedion, of the commiffioners or principal officers of the cuftoms for the port where fuch fugars, and other goods, (hall be inland to be de-; pone<j> and (hall not be delivered out of any fuch wnrehoufe fli* ex porta- ** ^ut uP°n the following conditions; that is to fay,, if fuch tion.uponcer- fugars, or other goods, or any part thereof, (hall be delivered for exportation to foreign parts, the owner or exporter thereof, together with one other fufficient perfon, (hall enter into bond to his Majefty, his heirs, and fucceflbrs, in treble the amount of the full duties which would be due and payable for fuch fugars, or other goods, if the fame were confumcd in this kingdom; with condition that no part of fuch fugars, and other goods, (hall he relanded in Great Britain or Ireland, or any of the dominions belonging to the crown of Great Britain; which bonds (hall be difeharged in the fame manner as the bonds given for the due exportation of prohibited Eajl India goods are difeharged by any law now in force.

XX.	y/ndj the better to prevent the relanding fuch fugars, or other goods, be it further ena&ed by the authority aforelaid. That if any fuch fugars, or other goods, (hall be relanded or unfhipped to he relanded contrary to this ad, the fame, together with the boats, lighters, or any other veflels, horfes, or other cattle and carriages whatsoever, which may be employed or made ufe of in the removal, carriage, or conveyance thereof, as alfo the (hip or veflel from which the fame (hall be unloaded, together with 5	her

minica;

viz. upon fugars; upon other goods.

No drawback to be allowed on exportation ;

Sugars and goods to be warehoufed,

tain condi tious,

If fuch fugars or goods be relanded or unihipped contrary to this at\, they are forfeited, with the vef-k\ and earn

1765.] Anno fexto GEoROli III. 0.49*	269

her furniture and apparel, (hall be forfeited, and (hall and may ages employ-be feized by any officer or officers of the cuftoms; and all and ed therein -9 every perfon or perfons who (hall be affiffing, or otherwife con and perfcns ceraed in the unfhipping or relanding fuch fugars, or other concerned

Sods, or to whofe hands the fame (hall knowingly coine after treble e unfhipping thereof, (hall forfeit treble the value of fuchva UCa fugars and other goods; which faid penalties and forfeitures (hall and may be profecuted, fued for, recovered, and divided, in fuch manner and form, and by fuch rules and regulations, as penalties and forfeitures infli&ed for unfhipping prohibited or uncuftoined goods in this kingdom may be profecuted, fued for, recovered, and divided, by any law now in force.

XXI.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enadted by Veffel, on the authority aforefaid, That no fuch fugars, or other goods, which (hall be (hipped, or permitted to be (hipped or loaden, for re-	be

exportation from Great Britain, on board any (hip or veffel of Supped for re-lefs burthen than feventy tons; to be afeertained by the fame exportation, rules and dimenfions, as the tonnage of (hips importing brandy to be un-and other fpirits into this kingdom is to be afeertained, by an ^t7h®^ns adt made in the iixth year of the reign of King George the Firft, {^be afeer-intituled. An aft for preventing frauds and abvfes in the public re- tained purfu-vtnues of excife, cujioms, Jlamp duties, poll office, and houfe money. ant to a6k

XXII.	And it is hereby further enadted by the authority forefaid, That if any fuch fugars, or other goods, (hall be taken out of any warehoufe wherein the fame (hall be fecured as afore- taken out for faid, in order to be ufed in this kingdom ; the perfon or peffons, borne con-fo taking out the fame, (hall firft pay up the remainder of the fumption, duties which would have been due and payable upon the im- remainder portation of the like fugars or other goods, of the growth or tobe paid^&c. production of the French colonies or plantations in America, in- p to this kingdom ; and they (hall, in all other refpedts, be liable to the fame reftridtions and regulations as fuch French fugars and goods would have been fubjedt and liable to if this adt had not been made.

XXIII.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, if they fhall That if fuch fugars or goods lhall not be either exported, or the be neither ex-foil duties paid for the fame, within twelve calendar months Port«d»l.lorthc from the importation thereof, but (hall then continue and be wUhm ftill remaining in the faid warehoufes; in fuch cafe, it (hall and a year, may be lawful for the commiflioners of the cuftoms for the cuitom-houfe tirte being, or any three or more of them, to caufe the faid fu- |nay |cU thc gars, or other goods, fo remaining, to be publickly fold by amc* audtion, or inch of candle, to the bed bidder; and the money and j the arifing by fuch fale, to be applied firft in difeharge of the duties, monies in dif-and the expences of fuch fales; and the overplus, if any, to be charge of the paid to the importer or proprietor of fuch fugars or goods, or duties and other perfons authorized to receive the fame.	charge,

XXIV.	And for the better and more effectual preventing the importation of foreign fugars into this kingdom, from the faid ijland of jDominica, under pretence that the fame are the growth and t>ro-•duu of that ijland j be it further enacted by thc authority afore-

laid.

270	Anno fexto Georgii IIL c. 49*	[1765,

Foreign fugars faid, That from and after the firft day of November, one thou* imported into fan(j feven hundred and fixty feven, all foreign fugars which be waureh^^ fhaJl be imported into the faid ifland of Dominica, mail, upon ed s	landing,	be	immediately depofited in warehoufes, provided at

the foie expence of the importer or proprietor thereof, with the privity and approbation, and under the care and infpedtion of the collector, or other principal officer of the cuftoms, at the port where fuch fugars (hall be landed, and (hall be there fc-cured, under the feparate locks of fuch officer and the proprietor, and before be- till the (ame (hall be (hipped for re-exportation; and before fuch ing delivered fugars are delivered out for exportation to Great Britain* every tetionto^reatca^ ** marked, in fuch manner as the commiflioners of Britain, to be his Majefty’s cuftoms in England (hall think proper to diredt, to marked by the denote that fuch fugars are foreign, and have been warehoufed: cuftom-houfe and if any foreign fugars (hall, after the faid firft day of No-on forfeiture	one	thouland feven hundred and fixty feven, De landed

thereof. in the faid ifland of Dominica without being fo warehoufed, or (hall be (hipped for exportation to Great Britain without being marked in the manner before diredted, the fame (hall be forfeited ; and (hall and may be feized by any officer of the cuftoms, and profecuted as herein after is diredted.

Penalty on XXV. And it is hereby further enadted by the authority a-officers exadt-- forefaid. That no duty of gunpowder, nor any fee or reward ing or taking whatfoever (hall be demanded, taken, or received, by any of-fce».	ficer or officers whatfoever, in the faid iftands of Dominica and

Jamaica* for any entry, cocquet, clearance, or paflport, of or for any foreign (hip or veflel; or for any goods imported into, or exported from, the faid iftands, in (uch foreign (hip or veflel, in purfuance of this adt, under the like pains and penalties, as are inflidted upon officers exalting and receiving greater fees than are allowed by an adt made in the laft feflionof parliament, for more effectually fecuring and encouraging the trade of his Majefty’s American dominions, and for other purpofes in the faid adt mentioned.

Recoveiyand XXVI. And be it further enadted by the authority afore-application of faid. That all penalties and forfeitures inflidted by this adt, penalties and which (hall be incurred in America, (hall and may be profecut-AmericaT ,n ^ue<* ^or» recovered, and divided there, in the fame manner and form, by the lame rules and regulations, in all refpedts, as any other forfeitures or penalties inflidted by any other adt of parliament for offences againft the laws relating to the cuftoms or trade of his Majefty’s colonies, may, by any adt or adts of parliament now in force, be profecuted, fued for, recovered, and divided.

Adt to conti. XXVII. And it is hereby further enadted and declared. That nuein force this adt lhall continue in force, to the firft day of November*ont fo i Nov. 1773* thoufand feven hundred and feventy three, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament.

CAP.

1765.] Anno fexto.GEORGii III. c. 50.	271

CAP. L.

An aB for allowing the conveyance, from the ports of Southampton and Portfmouth to the port of Cowes in the ijle of Wight, of goods not liable to duty on exportation, or prohibited to be exported, and of Jheep and cattle between the faid ports, without cocquets being taken, or bonds entered into for that purpofe *, and for extending an aft made in the twenty ninth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, for taking affidavits in the country, to be made ufe of in the courts of King’s Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer, to the ifle of Man ; and for appointing ports and places for Jhippingand landing goods in the faid ijland.

°f the preambfc.

and other laws now in forcey no goods, wares, or merchandizes, can be Jhipped or put on board to be carried forth to the open fea^ from any forty creek, or member in Great Britain, to be landed at any other place of this realm, without a fufferance or warrant from the officers , of the cufloms, and a cocquet taken out for fetch goods, and a bond entered into for the due delivery and difcnarge thereof: and whereas the taking out fuch cocquet j, and entering into fetch bonds, for goods that ore not prohibited to be exported, nor liable to any duties upon exportation, which are flipped at the ports of Southampton and Portfmouth to be carried to the ijle of Wight, and for live CQttle fent to mi from the faid ifland, is attended with great trouble and expence to the inhabitants and traders of the faid ifland> and the farmers and graziers in the county of Southampton : therefore to remedy this inconvenience for the future, may it pleafe your Majefty that From and af-it may be enadted; and be it enatted by the King’s mod excel-tcr * Jylyt lent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords *7^ fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament keying from" aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and the port* of after the firft day of July, one thoufaod feven hundred and fixty Southampton fix, no cocquet or bond fhall be required by any officer or offi-	Jj*to the

cers of the cuftoms, or others, from the mafter or owner of any 0f Cowes hoy, veflel, or boat, or any other perfon, for carrying or con- m the ifle of veying any kind of goods, wares, or merchandizes, from the Wight, good* faid ports of Southampton and Portfmouth to the port of Cowes in Sutyon exf the ifle of Wight, which are or (hall not be prohibited to be ex- portation, or ported from Great Britain to foreign parts, nor liable to any prohibited to cuftom or duty to his Majefty, his heirs, or fucceflbrs, on the f* «xpocted; exportation thereof; nor (hall any fuch cocquet or bond be re-quired for carrying or conveying (heep, provided the fame be without coc-carried in open boats or hoys, nor any other kind of live cattle quets taken, (horfes and lambs excepted) between the faid port of Cowes and or bondenter-the faid ports of Southampton and Portfmouth, or either of them;	^

any law, ufage, or cuftom, to the contrary thereof in any wife piulw> notwithstanding.	*

■	II.	And

Claufe in aft 5 Geo. a.

Anno ferto Georgii III. c. 50. C* 7^5-

II. And whereas by an aft made in the lafl fejjion of parliament, intituled, An aft for more effectually preventing the mifchiefs arifing to the revenue and commerce of Great Britain and Ire* land, from the illicit and clandeftine trade to and from the ifle of Man, it is, amongfl other things, enafted, That the fevcral offences therein defcribed may be enquired of, examined, beard, and determined, in any county within this kingdom, in futh manner and form, and by the fame rules, regulations, and rtjlriftions, as if the

fame offences had been therein committed: and whereas it is neceffarj, in order to carry the intention of the faid oft into effeftual execution, that feme proper per fen or perfons refiient in the ife of Man fbould be impowered to take affidavits in the faid if and, concerning cattfes or other

Powers grant, ed by act 19 Car. x. for taking affidavits, See.

extended to the ifle ot Man,

Power given to appoint ports and places for fbip ping and land< ang goods in the ifle of Man j

to be under the regulations, penalties! and for*

rcn or perfons refident in the ife of Man fbould be A	„ 'davits in the faid if and, concerning cattfes or other

matters whicbmay be depending, or do in any wife relate to any proceedings which may be had in purfuance of the faid aft, in any of the courts in Great Britain ; be it therefore further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the firft day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty fix, an aft made in the twenty ninth year of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An aft for taking affidavits in the country to be made ufe of in the courts of King’s Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer, and all the powers therein contained, (hall extend, and the fame is and are hereby declared to extend, to the ifle of Man, in as • full and ample manner, to all intents and purpofes, as if the faid ifle of Man had been exprefly named in the faid lad recited aft of parliament \ any law, cuffom, or ulage, to the contrary notwithftanding.

III.	And whereas the afeertaining the ports, members, and creels in the ife of Man, where goods and merchandizes may be exported and imported, and the froeral quays, wharfs, and other places, when the fame may be laden or put on board any flnp or veffel for tranfpor-lotion, or unladen or unf lipped upon importation, may tend greatly to the increafxng of his Mqjefly s revenues of cufloms and exeije, and to the benefit of the fair traders of this kingdom and Ireland ; be it therefore enafted by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the firft day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty fix, the King’s majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, (hall and may, from time to time, by commifiion or commiflions from the court of Exchequer in England, aflign and appoint all fuch ports, members, creeks, and places, in the faid ifle of Man, as (hall be lawful for the landing, difeharging, lading, or (hipping of any goods, wares, or merchandizes, into or from the faid ifle of Alan; and by virtue thereof to fet down and appoint the ex* tents, bounds, and limits of every fuch port, member, creek, quay, wharf, or place, in the faid ifland ; after which appointment fo made, all goods, wares, and merchandizes whatsoever, imported into, exported from, or carried coaftwife on the (kid ifland, (hall be landed and difeharged, laden and (hipped, at fuch ports, members, creeks, quays, wharfs, and places, in the like manner, and under the like pains, penalties, and foifeitures, as are mentioned in an aft made in* the fourteenth year of the reign of King Chari*: the Second, intituled. An aft for prevent-

'	ing

1

iy6$.] Anno fe*to Gfiondii III: c.£i.	273

ing frauds, and regulating abufes* in his Majeflfs cuflmSy or in ftltom, men-any other ad of parliament in force in Great Britain, with re- tlo]J5£in fped to goods, wares, and merchandizes, landed and difcharg- 14	'	*'	c*

ed, (hipped and Jaden, in this kingdom; to be fued for, pro-fecuted, .and divided, in like manner as other penalties and forfeitures incurred in the faid ifle of Man may be fued for, pro-fecuted, and divided, by virtue of an ad made in the lad feffion Penalties to be of parliament, intituled. An aft for more effectually preventing the mifehiefs ariftng to the revenue and commerce of Great Britain and qc(J * Ireland, from the illicit and clandejline trade to and from the ijte of dirc&ed. Man.

CAP. LI.

An aH for indemnifying perfons who have incurred certain penalties inflicted by an aft of the Iqfi fejfton of parliament* for granting certain flamp duties in the Britifti colonies and plantations in America; and for making valid all in-ftruments executed or inrolled there on unftamped paper* vellum, or parchment.

WH E REAS by an ad made in the loft feffion of parliament> Preamble, re.

intituled, An ad for granting and applying certain damp f cJ?ufca duties, and other duties, in the Britijh colonies and plantations maa5Gco* 3* in America, towards further defraying the expenccs of defending, protecting, and fecuring, the fame; and for amending fuch parts of the feveral ads of parliament relating to the trade and revenues of the faid colonies and plantations, as dired the man** ner of determining and recovering the penalties and forfeitures therein mentioned; certain flamp duties were granted throughout the colonies and plantations in America, which then were, or thereafter might be* under the dominion of his Majtfly, his Inks* and fuc-iijjors; Which faid flamp duties were to take place from and after the fir ft day of November, one tboufand feven hundred and fixty five : and whereas by another ad made in this prejent fejfton of parliament,	6 Oeo*	3.

intituled* An ad to repeal an ad made in the laft feffion of parliament, intituled, An aCl for granting and applying certain Jlamp duties* and other duties, in the Britifh colonies and plantations in America, towards further defraying the expences of defending, pro-tiding* and fecuring, the fame; andfor amending fuch parts of the fevtral ads of parliament relating to the trade and revenues of the faid colonies and plantations* as dired the manner of determining and recovering the penalties and forfeitures therein mentioned; the faid firfl mentioned aCt was repealed, from and after the firfl day of June, one tboufand feven hundred and fixty fix: and whereas it may have happened* fince the pafftng of the faid firfl mentioned aCt> that perfons refuting in* or rejerting to, the faid colonies or plantations, may not have been able to procure paper\ vellum, or parchment* duly flamped* as required by the faid aCl; and that fuch perfons, for want of the fame* and other perfons reftding elfewhere by reafon thereof may have committed many offences, contrary to the directions, and true intent mod mooning* of the faid aCt\ or may have neglected to do what by *Vol. XXVII.	T	tba

*74	Anno	fcxto Georgii III. c. 51.	[*765*

the faid aft is required; whereby fucb perfons have incurred fevercl penalties and forfeitures by the /aid aft infliftcd: therefore, for quieting the minds of his Majefty’s fubjects, and for preventing any incoilvcniencies that might otherwife happen; be it enacted by the King’s moil excellent Majefty, by and with the ad-,	vice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and com-

t^gnuit^f mons* *n this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the autho-fbr all offences rity of the fame. That all and every perfon and perfons what-and neglc&s foever, who have committed any offence or offences (not being fclony) contrary t0 thediredions, and true intent and meaning, c'gco! j.^not the kid ac*> or have negleded to do any matter or thing rebeing felony 5 quired by the faid ad, (hall be, and he, me, and they, is and are indemnified from all penalties and forfeitures which lie, fhe, where final or they, may have incurred for fuch offence or offences, (not judgement being felony; negled or neglecls, where final judgement (hall IhalT not have not have been given.

been given. H. And whereas it was, by the faid firjl mentioned aft, enallti. That no matter or thing whatfoever, by the faid aft charged with the payment of a duty, fhould be pleaded or given in evidence, or admitted, within the faid colonies and plantations, to be good, ufefnk or available, in law or equity, unlefs the fame fhould be marled ot fiamped, in purfuanee of the faid aft, with the refpefttve duty then-by charged, or with an higher duty: and whereas it may have happend 4hat many deeds, injiruments, and other matters and things, by reajk that fiamped paper, vellum, or parchment, was not to be proem, may have been figned, fealed, or otherways executed, entered, or i-roUed, in the faid colonies and plantations, upon unfiampei paper, vellum, or parchment, and by reafon thereof, cannot be pleaded if given in evidence, or admitted to be good, ufiful, or available, i law cr equity: and whereas by the faid aft being repealed, there ft-mains no provifion for making the faid deeds, injiruments, matters, and things, pleadable, or to be given in evidence, or admijjible as good, AU deeds and tifeful, or available, in law or equity, which may be attended with inftjumcnts, many inconveniencin', be it therefore enaded by the authority a-&c. executed, forefaid, That all and every deed, inftrumenr, or other matter inrolled’ °in or thing* figned, fealed, or otherways executed, entered, orin-the faid’colo- rolled, in the faid colonies and plantations, during the conti-nies,	nuance	of the faid ad, upon undamped paper, vellum, or

during the parchment, (hall and may, from and after the pafling of this therecited^^ he admitted and allowed in evidence in any court whatfo-uponunflamp* ever; and (hall be as valid and effedual as if the proper (lamps ed paper, &c. had been impreffed thereon at the time of the figning, (eating, aie declared to or other execution, or entry or inrollment thereof; any thing effectual.3" l'ic a<^ t0 *he contrary notwithftanding.

Anno fexto GeorgiiIII. c.52.	275

CAP. LII.

An aft for repealing certain duties, in the Bricifh colonies and plantations, granted by federal ails of parliament \ and alfo the duties impofed by an ait made in the laft fef Jton of parliament upon certain Eaft India goods exported from Great Britain; and for granting other duties injtead thereof; and for further encouraging, regulating, and fe-curing, feveral branches of the trade of this kingdom, and the Britilh dominions in America*

WHEREAS the feveral duties herein after mentioned, im- Preamble.

pofed by certain ails of parliament to be raifed in the Britilh colonies and plantations in America, have been attended with great mconvenicncies to the trade of his Majejly's dominions j and it is therefore netejfary that the fame Jhould be difeontinued, and that other du~ etas' Jhould be granted in lieu thereof: we, your Majefty's molt dutiful and loyal fubjelU, the commons of Great Britain in

Eliament a (Tern bled, do therefore mod humbly befeech your ijefty, that it may be ena&ed; and be it enabled by the King's mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice ana confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That Repeal of cer-■11 the duties impofed by any alt or alts of parliament upon tain duties in mehfles or fymps of the growth, prodult, or manufalture, ofAmerica, up* any foreign American colony or plantation, imported into any Britijh colony or plantation in America; and alfo the duties im- fyrupsj pofed by an all made in the twenty fifth year of the reign of King Charles the Second (for the encouragement of the Greenland and Eajltand trades, and for the better fecuring the plantation trade) upon fugar, of the growth, production, and manu- R -fodure, of the Britijh plantations in America, which fhould bebn 1 ugar* laoen there; and alfo the duties impofed by an all made in the fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty for granting certain duties in the Britijh colonies and plantations in America, and for other purpofes in the faid alt mentioned, upon coffee and upon Bri-aod pimento, of the growth and produce of any Britijh colony tifh coffee and or plantation in America, which fhould be fhipped to be carried pimento j out from thence, except to Great Britain, (hall, from and after the firft day of November, one thoufand feven hundred and lixty fix, ceafe, determine, and be no longer paid*

IL And be it further enaHed by the authority aforefaid, That an(j Upon cer-the feveral duties impofed by the laft mentioned alt upon wrought tain Eaft India filks, bengalls, and fluffs mixed with lilk. or herba, of the ma- goods, cam-nufalture of Pcrfia, China, or Eajl India, and upon callicoes p^nch^awns, painted, dyed, printed, or ftained there, and upon foreign linen exported from fcloth, called Cambrici, and upon French lawns, imported into any GreatBritain; Britijh colony or plantation in America, from Great Britain, (hall, bom and after the firft day of OBober, one thoufand feven bundled and fixty fix, ccafe, determine, and be no longer paid.

III. And be k further enadted by the authority aforefaid,

T 2	That

and upon coals; and certain Eaft India goods, &c.

the bond to be given on exportation ofEatt India

Anno fexto Georgii III. c. 52;	[1765.

That the duties impofed by an aft made in the lad feflion of parliament, for granting to his Majefty certain duties upon coals; and of feveral Eajl India goods, and for other purpofes in the faid adt mentioned, upon all wrought filks, bengalls, and fluffs mixed with filk or herba, of the manufacture of Perfia, China, or Eajl India, and upon callicoes printed, dyed, painred, or itained there, which mall be (hipped for exportation from Great Britain to any part beyond the feas, except to Africa, or the Britijh dominions in America, (hall, from and after the firrt day Dutiettoceafeof ^tegujly one thoufand feven hundred and fixty fix, ceafe, de-on 1 Aug. 1766. termine, and be no longer paid; and from thenceforth fo much Condition of t*le kft recited adf as directs, that upon the entiy of any Eajl India goods herein before mentioned for exportation to the Britijh dominions in America, the bond for the due exportation of fuch goods (hall be with further condition, that the time goods to the ^all bc l^ere lanc*ed accordingly, and not in any other port or Britifh Ame- place beyond the feas; and to produce a certificate within eighteen rican domini- months under the hands and feals of the collector, or other prin-ons*	cipal officer of the cuftoms refiding at the port or place in the

Britijh dominions in America, for iuch of the faid goods as (hall be landed there, teftifying the landing thereof, (hall be, and the fame is hereby declared to be repealed.

And from and IV. And be it further enaCted by the authority afbrefaid, 1^66 & That from and after the faid firfl day of November, one them-lowing duties fend fcven hundred and fixty fix, there (hall be railed, levied, are to*take collected, and paid, unto his Majefty, his heirs, and fuccefiors, place in lieu the feveral and refpeCtive rates and duties herein after mention-cd> *hat is to fay,

on melafles	For every gallon (wine-meafure) of melafles and fyrups,

and fyrups,	which (hall be imported or brought (except as is herein after

mentioned) into any colony or plantation in America, which now is, or hereafter may be, under the dominion of his Majefty, his heirs, and fuccefiors, one penny.

Coffee,	For	every hundred weight avoirdupois of coffee, of the growth

and produce of any Britijh colony or plantation in America* which (hall be imported or brought from thence into any other Briti/i colony or plantation in America, feven (hillings, and pimento. And for every pound weight avoirdupois of fuch Britijh pimento, which ihall, in like manner, be imported or brought into any fuch Britijh colony or plantation, one halfpenny; ex-Exception, cept only fuch Britijh coffee and pimento as (hall be warehoufed under the regulations and reftriCVions herein after mentioned; and after thofe rates for any greater or lefs quantity of fuch gpods refpcCtivcly.

Certified me*

V. Provided always, and it is hereby further enaCted by the laflew and fy- authority aforefaid, That the duty herein before granted upon rupc from Do* mc|a(fes or fyrups, (hall not be charged or payable upon any melafles or fyrups imported into any Britijh colony or plant* tien on the continent of America from the iiland of Demmice,

far

. rupc

‘ unities not fhargsable.

*77

17^5-J Anno fexto Georgii III. c.52.

for which a certificate (hall be produced upon the importation thereof, to the colle&or or other principal officer of the cuftoms at the port of importation, under the hand and feal of office of the collector, or other principal officer of the cuftoms at the port of exportation in Dominica, certifying that the faid duty hath been there paid for fuch melafles or fyrups ; any tiling herein before contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

VI.	And be it further enaCled by the authority aforefaid, From and af-That from and after the firft day of Augujly one thoufand feven ter 1 Aug. hundred and fixty fix, there (hall be alfo railed, levied, colleCt- dIt1onainfubfi ed, and paid, unto his Majefty, his heirs, and fucceflors, for Jtytobe paid* and upon all wrought filks, bengalls, and fluffs mixed with filk for filk Eaft or herba of the manufacture of Perfiay China, or Eaft India; and India goods; upon all callicoes printed, dyed, painted, or ftainedthere, which *nd upo?iS|* fhall have been publickly fold in Great Britain on or before the u^idmGreat

1 firft day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty fix; ex- Britain before cept for fuch of the aforefaid goods as (hall be exported to Afri* 1 June, 1766; ftj, as herein after mentioned; a further and additional fubfidy thofcexported of twelve pence for every twenty (hillings of the true and real cepted'^viz'd. value of fuch goods, to be afcertained by the oath or affirma- per cent, ad * tion of the owner or proprietor thereof, before the colle&or of valorem, upon his Majefty’s cuftoms for the port where fuch goods (hall be oatl1 °* warehoufed; provided the faid fubfidy (hall be paid down to Jf fuch collector in ready money, without any deduction or allow- $ept. J7u j ance whatfoever, on or before the firft day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty fix; but if the owner or pro-if otherwifo/ prietor of fuch goods fhall not chufe to pay down the faid fubfidy according to' for fuch goods before that time, then the fame (hall be paid JhcSof^t^S down in ready money to the collector of the cuftoms for the publick Tales, port where fuch goods (hall be fecured, according to the grofs price or value of fuch goods at which the fame were fold at the publick legal Tales thereof in this kingdom, without any deduction or allowance whatfoever, before fuch goods (hall be taken out of any warehoufe wherein the fame fhall be fecured in this kingdom.

VII.	Provided always, and it is hereby enaCted and declared. Duty not to

That this aCt fhall not extend to charge fuch of the before men- t0 tioned goods with this duty, which have been fold as aforefaid j^ne*" before the faid firft day ot June, one thoufand feven hundred %766*znd * and fixty fix, as (hall be hereafter exported from this kingdom which fhall be to Africa.	exported to

• VIII. And it is hereby further enaCled by the authority afore-Africa*

(aid. That There (hall be alfo raifed, levied, collcCled, and paid, Additional unto his Majefty, his heirs, and fucceiTors, for and upon all dutic* upon wrought filks, bengalls, and fluffs mixed with filk or herba the manufacture of Perfia, China, or Eaft Indiay and upon all fhC company1* callicoes printed, dyed, painted, or ftained there, which (hall befalet after publickly fold in Great Britain after the faid firft day of June^l^i ,7WI one thoufand feven hundred and fixty fix, over and above any other duty now payable for the fame, the like fum of twelve pence for every twenty (hillings of the true and real value of

T j	fuch

27S	Anno	fexto	Georgii III. c.	{1765.

fuch goods, according to the grofs price at which the fame (hall be fold at the public legal Tales thereof in this kingdom ; which to be paid by faid fubfidy Hull be paid and fecurcd by the united company of tanA”IWC°m mcrc^ants ot England trading to the Eajl Indies for fuch of the pan**	faid goods as Hull be fo fold at the faid company’s falcs, in the

fame manner and form, and by the fame rules and regulations, as the duties now payable upon unrated Eajl India goods are paid and fecured by the faid united company, by virtue of an purfuant to act made in the fecond and third yean of the reign of Queen adt » 5c 3 An. jnne^ intituled. An aft for granting to her Majejly an additional fubfidy of tonnage and poundage for three years; and for laying a further duty upon French wines condemned as lawful prtze ; and for afeertaining the values of unrated goods imported from the Eaft In- I Duty at other dies: and for fuch of the Taid goods as lhall, after the faid firft j falei to be	day of June% be fold at any other public legal fale in this king»

paid by the	dom, the faid fubfidy (hall be paid down in ready money to the

proprietor. coueftor 0f the cuftoms at the port where fuch goods (hall be fold, without any deduction or allowance whatloever by the purchafer or proprietor of fuch goods; and the faid fubfidy (hall not be afterwards repaid or drawn back upon the exportation of the fame goods, except to Africa, as is herein after mentioned. Drawback al- IX. Provided always, and it is hereby further enadedbythe lowed upon authority aforefaid. That for fuch of the faid goods herein after of «nain°{n- menti°ned, and no other, which (hall be fold as aforefaid at thl dia goods to" fries of the faid united company, after the faid firft day of Jm% Africa. one thoufand feven hundred ana iixty fix, and (hall be exported from this kingdom to Africa, the exporter (hall be repaid a drawback or allowance of the duty paid in purfuance of this a&, of twelve pence for every twenty (hillings of the value of fuch goods according to the refpeftive rates and values herein after exprefied; that is to fay.

Enumeration A,Iei>r.s> the	twc,vc	fll1!llin8s	5	^jutapants,	the	piece,

of the laid	twenty millings; byrampants, the piece, fifteen millings; blue

goods.	long cloth, the piece, forty (hillings; brawles, the piece,

four lhillmgs ; calJaway pores, the piece, fifteen (hillings; cu(h-taes, the piece, twelve (hillings; coopes, the piece, twelve (hillings; chints, the piece, fifteen (hillings; chelloes, the piece, fixteen (hillings ; cotton romals, the piece, ten (hillings ; Guinea Huffs’, the piece, four (hillings; nicamees fmall, the piece, twelve (hillings; nicamees large, the piece, fixteen (hillings; neganepants, the piece, twenty (hillings; photaes, the piece, fifteen lhillings; fartra gundies, the piece, twenty (hillings; tapfcils, the piece, fixteen (hillings.

The fiid And fuch goods (hall, in all other refpe<5h, be liable to the fame goods to be fecurities, regulations, reftrittions, penalties, and forfeitures, as nibjeft to the tjic fame	are	novv	liable to by law.

tions. S X. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That Duties upon ^rom anc* a^ter the faid firft day of Angufl, one thoufand tom\ cambricks and hundred and fixty fix, there (hall be alfo raifed, levied) colled*

1755.] Anno fcxto Georgii III. c. 52.	279

ed, and paid, unto his Majefty, his heirs, and fucceflbrs, for French U*ns and upon every piece of foreign linen doth called cambrick, three (hillings; and for and upon every piece of French lawns, three Am (hillings; which (hall be refpcCtivcly (hipped for exportation from Great Britain to any colony or plantation in America, that now is, or hereafter may be, under the dominion of his Maje-his heirs, and fucceflbrs; which faid duties (hall be ahb paid down in ready money to the collector of thccuftoms, without any allowance or deduction whatfoever, by the owner or proprietor of fuch goods, before the fame (hall be taken out of any warehoufe or warehoufes, wherein the fame (hall be fecurcd in this kingdom.

XI.	And it is hereby declared and enaCted, That every piece How the faid of cambrick and French lawns intended to be charged with the duties ar* to duty herein before mentioned, (hall contain thirteen ells each, beafeertamed. and (hall pay duty for the fame in that proportion for any greater or lefs quantity, according to the fum herein before charged

upon each piece of fuch goods refpeCtively.

XII.	And it is hereby further enaCted by the authority afore- Duties on laid. That the aforefaid rates and duties charged by this a£t up- melafTes and On mclafles and fyrups, coffee and pimento, imported into any [ake^sfter-Britijb American colony or plantation, (hall be deemed and taken |jng money ~ to be fterling money of Great Britain, and be received to the amount of the value which luch nominal fums bear in Great

Britain5 and that fuch monies may be received and taken ac- at5s. 6d. per cording to the proportion and value of five (hillings and fix pence oz. in filver. the ounce in lilver: and that the faid rates and duties (hall be Method of lo* raifed, levied, and collected, paid, and recovered, in the fame covefin^he" manner and form, and by fuch rules, ways, and means, and fad duties, under fuch penalties and forfeitures, as any other duties now payable to his Majefty upon goods imported into the faid colonies or plantations, are or may be raifed, levied, collected, paid, and recovered, by any aCt or alts of parliament now in force, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purpofes, as if the feve-ral claufes, powers, directions, penalties, and forfeitures, relating thereto, were particularly repeated and again enaCted in the tody of this prefeni a Cl: and that all the monies that (hall arife Duties to be by the faid duties (except the neceflary charges of railing, col- exchequer110 leCting, levying, recovering, anfwering, paying, and accounting and referred for, the fame) fhall be paid into the receipt of his Majeny’s ex- for the future Chequer, and (hall be entered feparate and apart from all other difpofnion of monies paid or payable to his Majefty, his heirs, or fucceflbrs, Pai,iaracnt* and (hall be there referved to be from time to time difpofed of by parliament, towards defraying the neceflary expences of defending, protecting, and fecuring, the Britijb colonies and plan-tions in America.

XIII.	And it is hereby further enaCted by the authority afore- Duties on Eaft (aid. That the monies atifing by the feveral rates and duties India goods to by this ad irapofed upon wrought filks, bcngalls, and fluffs h® paid into mixed with (ilk or herba, of the manufacture of Perfta, China, thcwlc‘ie<luar» (H Baft /aJigf and upon callicoes printed, dyed, painted, or

T4	ftained

Anno fexto Georgii III. c. 52;

[1765.

and carried into the finking fund, to-

ftained there, except the neceffary charges of railing, collecting, recovering, paying, and accounting for, the fame; (hall, from time to time, be paid into the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, diftindUy and apart from all other branches of the pub-lick revenue; and (hall be carried to, and made part of, the fund commonly called The finking fund, towards making good wards paying the annuities payable in refpedt of certain navy, victualling, and annuities in tranfport bills, charged upon the faid fund by an adt made in to thc laft feffion of parliament.

Condition of XIV. And it is hereby further enadted by the authority a-bondi upon forefaid. That from and after the firft day of Augufty onethou-exportation of fand feven hundred and fixty fix, upon the entry of any cam-cambncks, or bricks or French lawns for exportation to any place beyond the to places be”** ^as’ cxccPt to f°mc Britijh colony or plantation in AmeritCy the yond Teas, * bond which is now by law required to be given for the due ex-other than the portation of fuch goods (hall be, with further condition not to Britifh planta- reland the fame in any part of the Britijh dominions in America. *,on,’	XV.	Provided	always,	and	it	is	hereby enabled and declared

^aidfo^ kv authoriry aforefaid. That no duty whatfoever (hall be tifli coffee^or Pa^ f°r anY Britifh coffee or pimento, which, from and after pimento, im« the faid firft day of November one thoufand feven hundred and ported after fixty fix, (hall be imported or brought into any Britifh colonyor *nto°a ,7!6*’ planlatl°n in America 5 provided the fame (hall, upon landing t?(h°American thereof, he immediately dcpofited in warehoufes provided at the colony, foie expence of the importer or proprietor of fuch coffee and provided the pimento, with the privity and approbation, and under the care h feT wvc* anc* *nlPe<^l°n> °f the collector and comptroller, or other prin-aouea« ^ipal officer of thecuftoms, at the port or place where fuch goods (hall be imported, and (hall be fecured under the feparate end (hipped	l°c^s °f fuch officers, and the proprietor ; and (hall, within the

for exporta- fpace of twelve calendar months from thc landing and ware-tion within 1* houling the fame, be (hipped dire£tly from thence for exporta-months; tion, either to Great Britainy or to i'ome other Britijh colony or plantation in Americay under the like fecurities and reftridions as are now required by law for the fame.

XVI.	And it is hereby further enaefted by the authority afbre-faid, That from and after the faid firft day of November, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty fix, no duty whatfoever (hall be paid for any foreign fugars, npr for any foreign coffee or in-dico, which, from and after the faid firft day of November one thoufand feven hundred and fixty fix, (hall be imported or brought into any Britifh colony or plantation on the continent

fprovided the of America; provided fuch goods fliali, upon landing thereof. Uine be ware- bc immediately dcpofited and fccurcd in fuch warehoufes, ana hou e , jn the manner herein before mentioned ; and (hall, within the and (hipped fpace of twelve calendar months from the landing and ware-wnthln i* fouling the kme, be (hipped from thence for exportation, as months, under herein after is exprefied ; that is to fay. Upon condition that the conditions fuch fugars (hall be exported either diredtiy to Great Britainy or «nd regula- to fome other part of Europe to the fouthward of Gape Finijlerrty puffedCrC CX '^der the ^ purities, regulations, wd reAritfion*, penalties.

nor for any foreign fugars, coffee, or iodicoj

765*] Anno fexto Georoii III. c. 52.	*8i

nd forfeitures, as Britijb fugars may be fo carried and export-id from any Britijb colony or plantation in America, by virtue if any law now in force ; and provided alfo, that fuch foreign ndico (hall be exported to Great Britain only under the like ccurities, regulations, and reftriftions, penalties, and forfeitures, as are particularly mentioned and exprefled in any aft of xarliament now in force, with refpeft to indico of the growth >r produce of any Britijb colony or plantation; and provided hat, before fuch foreign coffee mall be taken out of fuch ware-loufe for exportation, the exporter (hall become bound with efficient fecurity in the penalty of five pounds for every hundred weight of fuch coifee, that the fame, and every part thereof, (hall be really and truly exported, according to the entry, and not brought back again or relanded in any part of the Britijb dominions in America; which bond the colieftor and comptroller, or other principal officers of the cufioms at the port from whence fuch foreign coffee (hall be intended to be exported, are hereby authorized and required to take, in the name, and to the u(e, of his Majefty, his heirs, and fucceflors; and the faid bond, with refpeft to fuch coffee as (hall be ex- Goodiltoef ported to Great Britain, Ireland, or to any other place under the	• vcn ia

dominion of his Majefty, his heirs, or fucceflors, where cuftom- thJe cafes, houfe officers are or may be eftablifhed, (hall be with further condition, to return a certificate within eighteen kalendar months from the date of fuch bond from the colieftor and comptroller, or other principal officer of the cuftoms, at fuch port or place, that fuch coffee has been there landed accordingly ; and with refpeft to fuch coffee as (hall be exported to any place not under the dominion of his Majefty, or where no fuch officers are appointed, fuch bond (hall continue in force for two years from the date thereof; and in cafe no fraud (hall appear within that time, it (hall be lawful for the commiflioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms in England, or any four or more of them, to direft the faid bond to be cancelled and delivered up.

XVII.	And it is hereby further enafted. That if the import- if fuch wars*

er or proprietor of any fuch goods as (hall be warehoufed as a- houfed goods forefaid, (hall not pay the duties due for the fame, nor export	** .

fuch goods within twelve calendar months as aforefaid, it mall	months!"

be lawful for the colieftor and comptroller, or other principal no/the duties officer of the cuftoms, at the port or place where fuch goods piid 1

(hall be fecured, to caufe the fame to be publickly fold to the thc cuftom-beft advantage; and the money arifing by fuch fale (hall be, the firft place, applied in difeharge of the duties due and paya- ancj app|y th0 ble for fuch goods, and the charges attending the expence of monies indif-fuch fale; and the furplus of the money fo arifing by fuch fale charge of"the (if any) after payment of the faid duties, and charges, (hall be paid to the importer or proprietor who fo landed and ware-	* 9

houfed fuch goods, or to fuch other perfon as (hall be duly authorized to receive the fame.

XVIII.	And it is hereby further enafted by the authority Licence given ifertfaid, That from and after the faid firft day of November, to imyort^dn-

4	00c	cotton

theBritifh Weft Indies, in ftiipe navi-f accoi ‘ mg to law.

28a	Anno	fcxto Georgii III. c. 52.	[1765.

wool, or indi- one thoufand feven hundred and fixty fix, it (hall and may be BToduce°huon kwful ^or p**fon or perfons to import any cotton woof, or p - ■ — indico, of foreign produce or manufacture, into any Britijb ifland in that part of America commonly called the IVeJi Indies ,	in any (hip or vcffel that may lawfully trade to and from the

m to Uwrd" ^id Britijb iflands, navigated according to law, without pay-™	*	ment of any duty or other impofition whatsoever for fuch

goods; any law, cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary notwitb* (landing.

No duty to be XIa. And it is hereby further enadled by the authority a-nc* on exoo	That from and after the (aid firft day of November, one

ration trom thoufand feven hundred and fixty fix, no duty or other ixnpo-thence of any fition whatfbever (hall be paid, in any Britijb colony or plants-cotton wool, tion in America, for any fort of cotton wool, exported from thence; any law, cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary notwith-fianding.

Licence given, XX. And be it further enabled by the authority afore&id, from and after That from and after the firft day of July, one thoufand feven to import into hundred and fixty fix, it (lull and may be lawful to and for any Goat Britain, perfon or perfons to import and bring into Great Britain, in in British built Britijb built (hips or veffcls navigated according to law, from any port or place whatfoever, any fort of cotton wool, without

duty-free.

Entry to be made at the port of importation of fiich cotton wool and in

paying any fubfidy, cuftom, or other duty, whatfoever, for the fame; any law, cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary notwitb*. Handing.

XXL Provided neverthelefs, and it is hereby further cnadted, That a due entry of fuch cotton wool, and Indice, (hall be made in the refpedtive cuftom-houfe belonging to the port where fuch goods (hall be imported, either in the Wejl Indies, or Great Britain, in the fame manner and form, and exprefiing the an?the eoods ?uant^t,cs thereof, as was ufed and pradtifed before the making to be landed °f this adl; and the faid goods (hall be landed in the prefence in prefcnce of of the proper officer appointed for that purpofe; otherwife fuch the officer j goods (hall be liable to the payment of the fame duties, as otherwife to wouid have been due and payable for the fame if this adl had not been made.

XXII. And, in order to promote and encourage the growth of coffee and cocoa nuts in the Britith dominions in America, and the importation of fuch goods into Great Britain, to be exported from thence into foreign parts; and to eafe the merchants and dealers therein from the difficulty of paying the full duties for the fame when v	k. imported for that purpofe; be it further enacted by the authority

paid forany af°rcfaid. That from and after the faid firft day of July, one Britifli coffee; thoufand feven hundred and fixty fix, no duty or cuftom (hail be paid for any coffee of the growth or produce of any Britijb colony or plantation in America, nor for any foreign coffee which (hall.have been warehoufed upon the continent of America, which (hall be imported diredly from fuch places refpedively into Great Britain, in the manner requited by this or any adl now in force, nor for any Britijb or foreign cocoa nuts imported into Great Britain, other than one half of the old fubfidy granted by

the

pay the ic-cuftomed duties.

nor for an foreign coW, warehoufed in America, imported from thence directly into Great Britain;

1765.] Anno fexto Georgii III. 0.52,	283

the adt of tonnage and poundage, made in the twelfth year of nor for cocoa King Charles the Second, which (hall be paid down in ready nutiimported# jnoney, and (hall not be afterwards drawn back or repaid upon the exportation of the fame goods; provided fuch coffee and fubfidy ; cocoa nuts (hall, immediately upon landing, be fecured in ware- provided fuch houfes, purfuant to the directions of an aft made in the tenth coffee and ' year of the reign of King George the Firft, for repealing certain bTwaiSoufed duties therein mentioned payable upon coffee, tea, cocoa nuts,UpJJ, |anS chocolate, and cocoa pafte imported, and for granting certain and befubjeft* inland duties in lieu thereof, and for other purpofes in the faid on being taken adt mentioned* and fuch coffee and cocoa nuts fo warehoufed5ut?t0 (hall, in all other refpe&s, be fubjedt to the like duties, reftric- guiation* efta« tions, and regulations, if taken out for home confumption; and blifhed by adt to the like fecurities, regulations, and reftridtions, if taken out 10 Geo. i, for exportation, as coffee and cocoa nuts warehoufed in purfu-ance of that adt are liable to bv any law now in force.

XXIII.	And it is hereby further enadted by the authority From and af-aforefaid, That from and after the firft day of January, one ter 1 Jan. 1767, thoufand feven hundred and fixty feven, all fugars which fhall be imported into Great Britain, from any part of the Britijb Britilh colo-colonies or plantations on the continent of America, (hall be nies in Ame-deemed and taken to be French fugars; and the importer orricai.a,‘^°** proprietor (hall, upon the importation thereof, paydown ready money, to the colledlor of his Majefty’s cuftoms, only and to*	%

three pence per hundred weight avoirdupois for fuch fugars, duty 0f sL which (hall not be afterwards drawn back or repaid upon the per cwt. exportation of the fame goods; provided fuch fugars (hall,and to be upon landing, be immediately lodged and fecured under the warchouted. King’s locks, in warehoufes provided at the foie expence of theuponland,1,®,| importer or proprietor of fuch goods, with the privity and approbation, and under the care and infpe&ion, of the commif-fioners or principal officers of the cuftoms for the port where fuch goods (hall be imported; and (hall not be delivered out of and not deli-any fuch warehoufe but upon the following conditions; that isvc«d out for to fay, if fuch fugars, or any part thereof, (hall be delivered for ^rtatn1<J£r. exportation to foreign parts, the owner or exporter thereof, to- ta*jn gether with one other fufficient perfon, (hall enter into bond to tioraw His Majefty, his heirs, and fucceflors, in treble the amount of the full duties which would be due and payable for fuch fugars if the dune were con fumed in this kingdom, with condition that no part of fuch fugar (hall be relanded in Great Britain or Ireland, or any of the dominions belonging to the crown of Qreat Britain; which bonds (hall be difeharged in the fame manner as the bonds given for the due exportation of prohibited

rugars, be jf fuch. thority afore (aid. That if any fuch fuzars (ball be goods (hall be relanded, or unfhipped to be relanded, contrary reUnded, «r to this aft, the fame, together with the boats, lighters, or anY pther veflels, horfes, carts, or other cattle or carriages, which COnfrary to gw be employed or made ufe of is the removal# carriage, or tbu aft, they. .	• '	con*	are liable to

284	Anno	fexto Georgii III. c.52.'	£176$!

forfeiture, to- conveyance, of fuch goods, as alfo the Chip or vcflel from which gather with fuch fugar (hall be unloaded, together with her furniture and ireffcl, hoiies, apparci# foa|i bc forfeited, and fhall and may be feized bv any officer or officers of the cuftoms ; and all and every perfon or and the per- perfons who fhall be aflifting, or otherwife concerned in the unions affifiUig, lhipping or relanding fuch goods, or to whofe hands the fame &c. forfeit ihall knowingly come after the unfhipping thereof, fhall forfeit treble the value of fuch goods; which faid penalties and forfeitures fhall and may be profecuted, filed for, recovered, and divided, in fuch manner and form, and by fuch rules and regulations, as penalties and forfeitures inflidted for unfhipping prohibited or uncuftomed goods in this kingdom may be profecuted, fued for, recovered, and divided, by any law now in •	force.

VefTels, in XXV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enadted ^ by the authority aforefaid. That no fuch fugars fhall he (hipped, loaded tor ex-or permitted to be fhipped or loaden for re exportation from portation, not Great Britain, on board any fhip or veffel of lefs burden than to be under	feventy tons, to be afeertained by the fame rules and dimen-

70 tons.	fions as tjic tonnage of fhips importing brandy and other fpirits

into this kingdom is to be afeertained, by an adl made in the fixth year of the reign of King George the Firft, for preventing frauds and abufes in the publick revenues of excife, cuftoms, (lamp duties, poft office, and houfe money.

Sugars taken XXVI. And it is hereby further enadted by the authority confUilintion af°rc^a^> That if any fuch fugars (hall be taken out of any are to'pay the warehoufe, wherein the fame (hall be fecured as aforefaid, in full duties,&c. order to be ufed in this kingdom; the perfon or perfons fo taking out the fame, (hall firft pay up the remainder of the duties which would have been due and payable upon the importation of French fugars into this kingdom ; and they (hall, in all other refpedts, be liable to the fame reftridtions and regulations, as French fugars would have been fubjedt and liable to, if this adl had not been. made.

If the fugars fhall remain warehoufcd without being exported, nor the full duties paid within 12 months,

the cuftom-houfe may make Tale thereof, and apply the mo* flies m clif-chargeof the The duties upon cam-bricks and

french lawns.

XXVII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enadted, That if fuch fugars (hall not be either exported, or the full duties paid for the fame, within twelve calendar months from the importation thereof, but (hall then continue and be dill remaining in the faid warehoufes; in fuch cafe, it (hall and may be lawful for the commiffioncrs of the cuftoms for the time being, or any three or more of them, to caufe the faid goods fo remaining, to be publickly fold, by audtion or inch of candle, to the beft bidder; and the money arifing by fuch fale to be applied firft in difeharge of the faid duties and the expences of fuch fales, and the overplus (if any) to be paid to the importer or proprietor of fuch goods, or other perfons authorized to receive the fame, duties and charges.

XXVm. And be it further enadted by the authority afore, faid. That the monies arifing by the faid duties by this adt im-pofed upon cambricks and French lawns; and alia by fuch part

of

1765.] Anno fexto Georgii III. c.	*8g

of the .duties hereby alfo impofed upon fugars imported from aid the ad-any Britijb colony or plantation on the continent of America, as	f~m

fhall exceed the duties now payable upon fugars fo imported (except the neceffary charges of railing, collecting, recovering,!^ paying, and accounting tor the fame; fhall be, from time to ^exchequer, time, paid into the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer diftinftly diftinft from and apart from all other branches of the publidc revenue, a?1 othwdo-and be referved in the faid receipt for the difpofition of par-^^forSe liament.	difpofition of

XXIX. And whereas by the herein before recited aft made in the parliament. fourth year of the reign of his prefent Majejiy, it is, amongjl other Claufes in aft things, enaftedy That before any molajfes or fyrups Jhall be laden 6n* Geo. 3. board any Jhip or vejfel in arty of the Britifh colonies or plantations in America, as of the growth or produft thereof proof fhall be made where fuch melajfes or fyrups grew or were produced and manufactured in the manner direftcd by the faid aft: and whereas by the	sGeo» j1

recited aft> and by another aft made in the laft fefjion of parliament, for more ejfeftually ft curing and encouraging the trade of bis Majeftfs American dominions, and for other purpofes in the faid aft mentioned, it ts% amongjl other things, enafted> That for every Jhip or vejfel that Jball fet fail from any of the faid Britifh colonies or plantations in America, bond and fecurity Jball he given9 with condition, that in cafe any foreign melajfes or fyrups Jball be laden on board fuch Jhip or vejfel> the fame Jball be brought to fome of bis Majejiy's colonies or plantations in America, or to Great Britain, under the penalties and forfeitures in the faid afts exprejfed: and whereas the duty upon Ffom and ^ foreign melajfes or fyrups imported into the Britifh colonies in ^tTnot. America are now reduced; and all melajfes and Jyrups, Britifh as i7S6, To much well as foreign, are made fubjeft to the fame duty; be it therefore of the recited enafted by the authority aforefaid. That from and after theafts “rclat* faid firft day of November, one thouiand feven hundred and certificate fixty fix, fo much of the faid recited afts as relate to any proof refpeftjng or certificate with refpeft to the growth, produce, or manufac- Britifh mature, of Britijb melafies or fyrups, or any bond to be entered laffcs> fr* into with refpeft to foreign melafies or fyrups, fhall be, and the ^*£0^ with lame is hereby declared to be, repealed.	refpeft to fo-

reign melafles and fyrups, is repealed.

XXX.	And whereas by an aft made in the twelfth year of the ciaufe in aft reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An aft for cncourag- i» Car. a, ing and increafing of (hipping and navigation, andfeveral fubje* quent afts of parliament which are now in force 9 it is9 amongjl other things, enafted9 That for every Jhip or vejfel which Jball load any commodities, in tbofe afts particularly enumerated, at any Britifh plantation, being the growth, produft or manufafture thereof bonds Jball be given, with one Jurety9 to the value of one tboufand pounds if the Jhip be of left burthen than one hundred tons9 and of the fum of two thoufand pounds if the jbhp be of greater burthen, that the fame commodities Jball be brought by fuch Jhip or vejfel to fome other Britifh plantation, or to fame port in Great Britain : now, in order more ejfeftually to prevent fuch goods Mug privately carried from any Britifh colony or plantation i*

Aroericj

1

a8 6

given at the ports in Ame rica, for all non-enume-rated goods laden on board any veflel.

Condition of Ibe bond.

Anno fexto GeoRGII III. C. 52.	[176$.

America into foreign parts of Europe in vejfeh that dear out with non-enumtratid goods, as well as to prevent the clandejiine importation of foreign European goods into the faii Britifh colonies\ Fran and if- be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the firft day of January>, one thoufand fevcn hundred and curity to be' ^xty fcven, bond and fecurity, in the like penalty, (hall alfo be given to the collector, or other principal officer of the cuftoms, at any port or place in any of the Briti/b American colonies or plantations, with one furety bcfides the matter of every (hip or veflel that (hall lade or take on board there any goods not par* ticularlv enumerated in the faid ads, with condition, that fuch goods (nail not be landed at any part of Europe to the northward of Cape Finijierre, except in Great Britain; which bond (hall be difcharged in the manner hereafter mentioned; that is to fay, for fuch of the faid goods as (hall be entered for, or landed in, Great Britain, the condition of the bond (hall be, to bring a certificate in difcharge thereof within eighteen months from the date of fuch bond, and within fix months for fuch of the faid goods as (hall be entered for, or landed in, any of the Britijb colonies or plantations in America; which refpedtive certificates (hall be under the hands and feals of the collector and comptroller, or other principal officer of the cuttoms, rriident at the port or place where fuch goods (hall be landed, teftifying the landing thereof; and for fuch of the faid goods as (hall be entered for, or landed at, any other place where the fame may be legally landed, to bring the like certificate within twelve months, under the common feal of the chief magiftrate, or under the hands and feals of two known Britifh merchants re-fiding there, or fuch bond or bonds (hall be difcharged, in either of the faid cafes, by proof upon oath made by credible perfons, that the faid goods were taken by enemies, or perifhed in the feas: and if any fuch non-enumerated goods (hall be goods (hall be laden on board any fuch (hip or veflel in any Britijb colony or blwd before Potation m America before fuch bond (hall be given, the goods fo laden, together with the (hip or veflel, and her furniture, (hall be forfeited, and (hall and may be feized by any officer of the cuttoms, and profecuted in fuch manner as any other forfeiture againft the laws of the revenue may be profecuted.

XXXI.	Provided always, and it is hereby declared and ena<3-

«...	by ^e authority aforeiaid. That nothing herein before con-

refpeft to vef- tained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to veflels which fels bound to (hall be bona fide bound to fome of the ports of Spain within the

bay of Bifutj.

Spain within the bay of Bifcay.

XXXII.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority afora faid. That if any altion or fuit (hall be commenced, either in Great Britain or America, againft any perfon or perfons for any thing done in ourfuance of this or any alt of parliament relating to his Majefty’s cuftoms, the defendant or defendants in fuch altion or fuit may plead the general iffue, and give the faid alts, and the Jpecial matter, in evidence, at any trial to be

had

If any fuch

bond given, they ere forfeited, with the veflel.

Limitation of this aft, with

General iflip.

1765.] Anno facto GeorgiiIII. c. 53.	a

had thereupon, and that the fame was done in porfuance, and

by the authority, of fuch aft: and if it (hall appear fo to have

been done, the jury (hail find for the defendant or defendants ;

and if the plaintiff (hall be nonfuited, or difeontinue his aftion

after the defendant or defendants (hall have appeared; or if

judgement (hall be given, upon any verdift or demurrer, againft

the plaintiff; the defendant or defendants (hall recover treble TrtWceofis.

coifs, and have the like remedy for the feme as defendants have

in other cafes by law.

CAP. LIII.

An aft for altering the oath of abjuration and the ajjurance-, and for amending fo much of an aft of the feventv year of her late majefty Queen Anne, intituled, An aft for the improvement of die union of the two kingdoms, as, after the time therein limited, requires the delivery of certain lifts and copies therein mentioned to perfons indebted of high treafon, or mifprifion cf treafon.

WHEREAS by an aft paffed in the ftrftyear of the reign ^Preamble, re-bis late majefty King Georee the rirjt, intituled. An	Joc^V.

for the further fecurity of his Majefty’s perfon and government, and the fucceffion of the crown in the heirs of the late

Erincefs Sophia, being proteftants; and for extinguiftiing the opes of the pretended prince of Wales, and his open and fecret abettors; it is, amengft other things, enabled,, That all and every perfen and perfons therein mentioned, within Great Britain, and the Several tftands of Jerfey and Guernfey, Jhould take and fubferibe the oath of abjuration therein mentioned; and all and every perfon and perfons therein mentioned within Scotland, Jhould alfo fubferibe the affurame therein mentioned; in the manner, at the times and places, and under the pains and penalties, in the faid aft ex-prejfed: and whereas by an aft paffed in the fifth year of the reign and aft 5 Gee* of his faid late Majefty, intituled. An aft for making more effec- «. tual the laws appointing the oaths, for fecurity of the govern-" meat, to be taken by the minifters and preachers in churches and meeting-houfes in Scotland, it is enafted. That all and every perfon and perfons therein mentioned, in Scotland, Jhould Jubfcribe the ajfurance in the above mentioned aft contained, and alfo take and fubferibe the oath of abjuration therein direfled to be taken, in Beu of the oath of abjuration formerly required by law, in the manner^ at the times and places, atid under the penalties and difabilities, in tie faid aft provided: and whereas by the death of the perfon’who pretended to be prince of Wales during the life of the kite King James, and, fence his deceafe, pretended to be, and took upon himfelf the fide and title of. King of England, by the name of James tie Third, or . of Scotland, by the name of James the Eighth, or the fide and title of King of Great Britain, it is become necejjary te make feme alt ere non in the oath of abjuration, and’ the ajfurance, contained in the faid alts above mentioned: be it therefore declared and From and of-ifed by the King9! moft excellent majefty, by .and with the

7	ad ” of	ab\uca£ioa

28ft	Anno	fextoGEORGH III. c.53.	[1765.

^.red to be advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and r^tcd aft* commons> m this prcfcnt parliament aflembled, and by the to be admi- «uthority of the fame. That from and after the fourth day of niftered in the June* one thoufand feven hundred and fixty fix, the oath of ab-following juration in the faid aft above mentioned, be adminiftered in form.	fuCh manner and form as is herein after fct down and pre-

scribed; (that is to fay)

The form, T	trub	an<* fincerib acknowledge* profefs* tefify* and

JL declare* in my confience* before God and the worlds That our fovereign lord King George is lawful and rightful King of this realm* and all other his Majeflys dominions and countries thereunto belonging. And I do folemnly and Jincerely declare, That I do believe* in my confcience, That not any of the defendants of the per-fon who pretended to be prince of Wales during the life of the late King James the Second* and* Juice his deceafe, pretended to be* and took upon himfelf the file and title of Ktng of England, by the name of James the Third* or of Scotland, by the name of Janies the Eighth* or the file and title of King of Great Britain, hath any right or title whatfoever to tie crown of this realm, or any other the dominions thereunto belonging: and I do renounce, refute* and abjure, any allegiance or obedience to any of them. Am f do fwear, That / will bear faith and true allegiance to his Majtfy King George, and him will defend to the utmof of my power* againfl all traiterous confpiracies and, attempts whatfoever, which Jball be made againf his per fon* crown* or dignity. And I will do my utmof endeavour to difclofe and make known to bis Majefly* and his JucceJfors* all treafons and traiterous confpiracies which I fall know to be againfl him* or any of them. And I do faithfully pro-mife* to the utmoft of my power* to fupport* maintain* and defend* the fuccejfion of the crown* againf the defendants of the faid James, and againf all other perfcns whatfoever* which Jucceffon, by an a&* intituled* An aft for the further limitation of the crown, and better fecuring the rights and liberties of the fubjeft, is and fands limited to the princefs Sophia, eleftorefs and dutchefs dowager of Hanover, and the heirs of her body being protefants. Atsd all thefe things I do plainly ana fnccrely acknowledge and fwear* according to thefe exprefs words by me fpoken* and according to the plain common J'enfe and unierfaniing of the fame words* without any equivocation* mental evafion* or fecret refervation whatfoever. And I do make this recognition* acknowledgement* abjuration* renunciation* and promife* heartily* willingly, and truly* upon the true faith of a

. . f a	chriftian.

And from and

niters, June, And that from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one 1766, the af- thoufand feven hundred and fixty fix, the afiurance, in the recited aft to ^ firft-tnentioned aft contained, be adminiftered in fuefa be adminiiter-manner and form as is herein after fet down and preferibed; ed in the fol. that is to fay, lowing form.

«...	T A.B. do, in the finurity my heart, ajfert, acknowledge,

.”rm’	A and dtdart) That hit MaKing George is the onlyintqfid

tad

1765*1 Anno fexto Georgii III. c.53.	289

end undoubtedfovereign of this realm, as well de jure, that is, of tight Ki.ig, as de fafto, that is, in the pojfijjion and exercife of the government. And therefore I do promife and fwear, That I will with heart and hand, life and goods, maintain and defend his right, title, and government, againft the defeendants of the perfon who pretended to be prince of Wales during the life of the late King James, and, ftnee his deceafe, pretended to be, and took upon himfelf the Jiile and title of King of England, by the name of James the Third, or of Scotland, by the name of James the Eighth, or the file and title of King of Great Britain, and their adherents, and all ether enemies who, either by open or fecret attempts, Jhall difturb #r difquiet his Majefty in the pojfejjion and exercife thereof

And that all and every perfon and perfons who are enjoyned The faid oath; and required to adminifter, take, or fubferibe, the oath of abju- and afl^rance, ration, and the affurancc, in the faid above mentioned	j

contained, (hall refpe&ively adminilter, take, and fubferibe, the ^ fJbfcrib-oath of abjuration, and fubferibe the aflurance, according to the ed, within the form herein fet down and preferibed, in fuch courts, within time* *«d in fuch time limited, in fuch manner, and with due obforvance of ^ ^b^the the fame requifites, and with benefit of the fame favings, provi- recited aks foes, and indemnities, as by the faid alts above mentioned, or are directed, by any other adts, or any part of them, now fublilting, are di-redtedfand enadted; and in cafe of negledt or refufal, he or they (hall be fubjedt and liable to the fame penalties and difabilities as, by the laws and (latute9 afore faid, are enadted.

II* And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That prQm . ^ from and after the firft day of Auguft, one thoufcnd feven hun~ ter ” Auguft, dred and lixty fix, the fame oath of abjuration by this adt ap- i766,tbeTame pointed to be taken in Great Britain, (hall be the oath of abju- oath of abjuration to be taken in the kingdom of Ireland, and the reft of his ”£ion.t0j Majofty’s dominions, and no other; and that the benefit of the £nd”ami **" indemnities given by the faid firft mentioned adt of the firft other bis Ma« year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Firft, (hall domi-continue and be in force, as to the faid kingdom of Ireland, in J^on,‘ -. like manner as if this adt had never been made; any thing demnities herein contained to the contrary in any wife notwfthftanding, granted by

a ft of 1 Geo. i. to be in force in Ireland.

III. And whereas by an aft pajfei in the feventh year of the a	f	.	«

reign of her late majejly $hteen Anne, intituled. An adt for im-	Ann.m	*

provine the union of the two kingdoms, it is enabled, Tlmt from 7 and after the deceafe of the perfon who pretended to be prince of Wales during the life of the late King James, and, fuice his deceafe, pretended to be King of Great Britain, and at the end bf toe term of three years after the immediate fucceffm to the crown upon the demife of her faid late Majefty JbovU take effeti, taken any perfon is indtiled for high treafon, or mijjprifm of treafon, csBftof the witmJJ'es that Jhall be produced on the trial for proving the faid sudsftment, and of the jury, mentioning the names, frofeft^on, and tlace of abode, of the faid wilneffes and jurors, be we given, at the fame time that the copy of the indiflment is deliver-Tol. XXVII.	U	ed,

396

Recited aft not to extend to indiftments for counterfeiting the coin, privy feal, privy fignet, or other indiftments of high treafon, See.

Preamble.

Anno fexto Georgii III. 0.54.	[1765.

ed, to the party indiSled ; and that copies of all indi&ments for the offences afore/aid, with fuch lifts, jhall be delivered to the party in* aifted ten days before the trials and in prefence of two or more credible witnejfes; be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That hothinf* contained in the faid recited aft, (hall any wavs extend to any mdiftmtnt of high treafon for counterfeiting his Maje-fty’s coin, the great feal oir privy feal, his lign manual, or pnvv fignet, or to any indiftment of nigh treafon, or to any proceedings thereupon againft any offender or offenders who, by any aft or afts now in force, is and are to be indifted, arraigned, tried, and convifted, by fuch like evidence, and in fuch manner, as is ufed and allowed againft offenders for counterfeiting his Majefty’s coin.

CAP. LIV.

An a£l for putting the road from Clarges Street to Hyde Park Comer, and from the foutb end of Park Lane to the north fide of Hertford Street, in the parifh of Saint George Hanover Square, in the county of Middlefex, now under the direSion of the a Sis for repairing the roads in the parifhes of Kenfington, Chelfea, Fulham, and Saint George Hanover Square, in the county of Middlefex, under the management of the commfftoners for paving, cleanfmg, and lighting, the fquares, fireets, lanes, and other places in Weftminfter.

WHEREAS by feveral aSls of parliament made in tht twelfth year of the reign of King George the /Vr/?, and tht fourteenth year of the reign of his late majejly King George the Second, for repairing the roads in the parifhes of Kenfington, Chelfea, and Fulham, and other parifhes therein mentioned m tie county ^/“Middlefex; and for repairing fome other roads in the parifh of Saint George Hanover Square, and the faid parifhes ef Kenfington and Chelfea; the roads leading from the end of Clarges Street to the prefent turnpike gate near Hyde Park Comer, and from the foutb end of Park Lane to the north fide of Hertford Street, in the faid parifh of Saint George Hanover Square, are, amongft other roads therein deferibed, dircSled to be repaired: ad whereas it would be of publick utility if the faid roads leading from the end of Clarges Street to the prefent turnpike-gate near Hyde Paik Corner, and from the fouth end of Park Lane to the nerd fide of Hertford Street, were put under the direSiion and management of the emmifftoners for putting in execution the feveral aSls of parliament for paving, cteanfing, and lighting, the fquares, ftreetSi haul, tend other places, within the city and liberty of Weftminfter, the parifbes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint George the Martyr Saint George Bloomfbury, that part of the tariff) Saint Andrew's Hoi bourn which hes in the county ^Middlefex, the feveri liberties of the Rolls and Savoy, and that part of the duteby if Lancafter which lies in the county 4/Middlefex, and for prevmibq 3	... amtymutt

291

1765.] Anno (exto Georgii III. c. 54*

mnoyances therein, and for ether purpofes in the fend alts mentioned; r nda proper annual allowance made for the fame to the faid ioners, out of the monies to arife by virtue	the faid aits of the

welfth year of the reign of King George the	and the fourteenth

1tar of the reign of his late majejly King Geoige the Second, and of any \uture ail or ails for repairing roads in the jaid	Kenfing-

on, Chelfea, and Fulham : may it therefore pleafe your Maje-ty, that it may be enadted j and be it enadted by the King’s ooft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of be lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent tarliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That rom and after the palling of this adt, fo much of the faid adts with refpeft if the twelfth year of the reign of King George the Firft, and to the Clarges he fourteenth year of the reign of his late majefty King George he Secona, as relates to repairing the faid roads leading from *c* re*>ealea * he end of Clarges Street to the prefent turnpike-gate near Hyde *ark Corner, and from the fouth end of Park Lane to the north ide of Hertford Street, in the faid parifh of Saint George Hanover 'quart, thall be, and the fame is hereby repealed.

II.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, an*fth* ro*<* fhat from and after the palling of this adt, the faid roads

eading from the end of Clarges Street to the prefent turnpike- for paving, ate near Hyde Park Copier, and from the fouth end of Park 'me to the north fide of Hertford Street, in the faid parifh of cant George Hanover Square, (hall be under the care, manage-tent, and diredtion, of the faid commifiioners for paving, leanfing, and lighting, the fquares, ftreets, lanes, and other laces within the city and liberty of Wejlminjler, and other ■laces in the faid feveral adts mentioned.

III.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. An annual ’hat in order to enable the faid commifiioners ettcdtually to fu«n tobepaid ave, deanfe, light, keep in repair, and regulate, the faid roads to the «wru* ading from the end of Clarges Street to the prefent turnpike- miffionen.* ate near Hyde Park Corner, and from the fouth end of Park

ant to the north fide of Hertford Street, in the faid parifh of tint George Hanover Square, the truftees for the time being to le laid ads of the twelfth year of the reign of King George the irft, and the fourteenth year of the reign of his late majefty ling George the Second, and to any future adt or adts .of par-ament for repairing the feveral roads in the parifhes of n, Chelfea, and Fulham, in the county of	by the faid

fts dircdled to be repaired, or any five or more of them, (hall ay, or caufe to be paid, yearly and every year, during the con-ntunce of the faid adts of the twelfth year of the reign of King ■oorge the Firft, and the fourteenth year of the reign of his late lajoty King George the Second, and of any future adt or adts F parliament for repairing the fame roads in the parifhes of onfington, Chelfea, and Fulham, to the faid commifiioners for Bttmg iri execution the feveral adts of parliament for paving, eanfing, and lighting, the fquares, ftreets, lanes, and other laces, m the faid adts mentioned, or any three or more pf them, f to fucb perfon or perfons as (hall be by them authorized and

U 2	ap-

a$z	Anno	fcxto	Georgii	III.	c. 54.	[1765

appointed to receive the fame, the fum of one thoufand pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, free from all deductions what-foever, by four even or equal quarterly payments in the year; that is to fay, the feall of Saint Michael the Archangel, the birth our Lord Cbrifty the annunciation of the blefled Virgin Mary> and the nativity of Saint John the Bapti/l; the firft payment to begin and be made on the feaft day of Saint Michael the Archangel now next enfuing, which will be in the year one thouland (even hundred and fixtv fix: and if the laid payments, or any part or parts thereof, mall be behind and unpaid for the fpace of fourteen days after the fame fhall become due, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid commifiioners, or for fuch perfon or perfons as they, or any three or more of them, (hall, by writing under their hands and feals, appoint, to feize and take pofiefijon of any turnpike-gate or gates upon any part or parts of the laid roads, and to collect and receive the tolls by the faid ads, any or either of them, authorized to be taken thereat, until the fum or fums fo remaining due and unpaid, and all reafbn-able charges attending fuch feizure, collection, and reception, fhall be fully paid, fatisfied, and difeharged, and no longer. Annual fum IV. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, to be applied That the faid annual fum of one thoufand pounds mall be ap-jn paving,etc* by the faid commilfioners in paving, cleanfmg, lighting, repairing, and regulating, the faid roads leading from the end of Clarges Street to the prefent turnpike-gate near Hyde Park Corner, and from the fouth end of Park Street to the north fide of Hertford Street, in the faid parilh of Saint George Hanover 1Square, in the laid county of Middlefex% and the feveral other fquares, llreers, lanes, and places, under the care and management of the faid commilfioners, and to and for no other pur-pofc whatloevcr.

Tmpowering V. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That the commit- the faid commilfioners, or any three or more of them, may, fowe^t°eb0r an(* are hereby empowered, from time to time, to borrow and w m ^ take up at interefi any fum or fums of money upon the credit jo( the faid annual fum of one thoufand pounds, fo to be paid by virtue of this aCt to the faid commifiioners for putting in execution the feveral ads of parliament for paving, cleaniing, and lighting, the iquares, ftreets, lanes, and other places, in the laid ads mentioned, in manner aforefaid; and to aflign over and convey the fame, or any part or parts thereof, by any writing or writings under their hands and feals ; the charges of fuch afiignments and conveyances to be paid out of the faid annual fum of one thoufand pounds, to any perfon or perlbns who (hall advance or lend their monies thereon, as a fecurity or t> * curities for the feveral fums that (hall be borrowed, and the tute-reft thereof as aforefaid ; and copies of all fuch afligiunente and conveyances (hall be entered in a book or books to be kept fir that purpofe by the clerk or treafurer to the laid commiffioocn: and all and every perfon and perfons to whom any fuch afljgn* ment or conveyance (hall be made as aforefaid, is and am h

1765.] Anno fexto Georgii III. c.54.	299

by impowered, from time to time, by afiignment under his, her,

or their hand or hands, to be indorfed on the back of bis, her,

or their fecurity, or by any other writing or writings tinder his,

her, or their hand and feal, or hands and ieals, which, (hall be

executed in the prefence of two or more credible witnefleSj to

affign over or transfer his, her, or their right to the principal

or intereft money thereby fecured, to any perlon or pcrfons

whomsoever; all which affignments or transfers (hall be pro-'

duced and notified to the clerk or treafurer within thirty days

after the date thereof, who (hall caufe an entry to be made of

fuch alignments, containing the date, names of the parties,

and fums of money therein mentioned to be afligned and trant*

fcrred, in the faid book or books to be kept for entering the faid'

original alignments; for which the clerk or trealiirer (hall be

paid the fum of two (hillings and fix pence, and no more;' and

which faid book or books mall and may, at all feaibnable times,

he perufed and infpected without any fee or reward; and after.

fuch entry made, fuch afiignment or transfer (hall intitle inch

affignee, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, and affigns,

to the benefit thereof and payment thereon; and fuch affignee

may, in fuch manner, affign or transfer again, and fo tries

ruoties y and it (hall not be in the power of any perion who (hall

nave made fuch afiignment or transfer, to make void, rcleafe^

jr difeharge the fame, or any monies thereon due; and that nor

preference (hall be given to any perfon or perfons advancing any

fum or fums of money upon the credit of this ad, in refped to

the priority of advancing fuch fum or fum?, but that all perfons

to whom any mortgages or afiignments (hall be made as afore-

(aid, (hall, in proportion to the fum or fums therein mention*

cd, be creditors in equal degree one with another.

VI.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefiud, For paying the

That the expences of paffing this a A (hall be paid out of the the J^P*”*** Gift monies to be raifed by virtue of this a&.	of	*	e

VII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforelaid, For continu-

That in cafe the term of the faid ads of the twelfth year of in.S1 turn-King George the Firft, and the fourteenth year of his late Ma-	*

jelly, (hall not be further continued by a St of parliament, from tolls, in cafe the expiration of the prefent fubfifting term thereof; it (hall and the turnpike may be lawful for the faid commifiioners, or any three or more *&» (hall not of them, immediately after the expiration of fuch prefent fub- ** cont,nuw*# Gfting term, to caufe any gate to be erected or continued at or

near the place where the prefent turnpike (lands at Hyde Park Comery and to take and receive the refpedive tolls, authorized by the faid ads to be taken and received, *t the faid turnpike, id manner, and under the penalties, authorities, and indemni* ties, in the faid ads mentioned, and to apply the fame in paving, deanfing, lighting, repairing, and regulating, the faid roads leading from the end of Clarges Street to the prefent turnpike ntc near Hyde Park Corner, and from the louth end of Park Mil tp the north fide of Hertford Street, in the faid parifh of Saint George Hanover Square.

U3	VJII. And

»

294

FubBckaft.

Anno fexto Georgii III. c. 55—62.	[ 1765.

Vlir. And be it further enafted by the authority afbrefeid, That this aft fhall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be, a publick aft} and (hall be judicially taken notice of as fuch by all judges, juftices, and other perrons, without fpecially pleading the fame.

CAP. LV.

An	aft to enable Thomas Kymer	to	mate a navigable cut

or canal from Little Gwenaraeth River, near the town of Kid-wely, to the Great Foreft and Pwll Llygpd, in the aunty of Carmarthen.

CAP. LVI.

An aft for	repairing■,	widening, and keeping the road lead-

ing from Tunbridge Wells, in the county of Kent, to the croft ways near Maresfield Street, in the county of Suffex.

CAP. LVII.

An aft for enlarging the terms and powers of two one of the twelfth of King George the Firjf, and the other of the fourteenth of bis late	Majefly, for repairing the road from Horfley Upright

Gate to the top of Kingfdown Hill, in the county of Wilts; andfor amending	feveral roads near or adjoining to the faid road.

CAP. LVin.

An aft for enlarging the term and powers of an aft of the fourth year of his late	Majefly for repairing the road from Godftone, in

the county of Surrey, to Highgate, in the parifb of Eaft Grinded, in the county of Suffex.

CAP. LIX.

An aft for repairing and widening the road from Beverley, by Molf-croft, to Kendell-houfe; and from Molfcroft toBainton Balk, m the county of York.

CAP. LX.

An aft for difcontinuing the ufe of feveral roads leading into and aver Fifherwick Park, in the county of Stafford ; and for building and maintaining a publick bridge crofs the river Tame, at or near Elford Mill Ford, in the faid county; and for repairings and keeping in	repair, the road from fuch	bridge to Hademore Gate,

in the road leading through Whittington to Litchfield.

CAP. LXI.

An aft for the better regulation of pilots for the condufting of flips and vejfels into and out of the port Liverpool.

CAP. LXII.

An aft to enlarge and continue the term and powers granted by an aft faffed in the fourteenth year of the reign of his late	King

George the Second, intituled, An aft for repairing the roads from Doncafler through Ferry Bridge, to the fouth fide of Tad-cajier Crofs ,\ and allb from Ferry Bridge to Weatberbi; and from thence to Borough Bridge, in the county of Tort; as to fomuch of the Jiud aft os relates to the faid roads from Dooc^fter through Ferry Bridge, to the fouth fido of Tadcsjfter Crofs.

CAP*

a 95

1765.] Anno fexto Georoii HI. c. 63—71.

CAP. LXIII.

An	ad for the fupportand preferva of the	church of

Folkeftone, and the lower part of the town of Folkeftone, in

the county of Kent.

CAP. LXIV.

An	ad for the bettor maintaining, regulating, and employing, the

poor vnthin the parijb of Saint Botolph, Aldgate, in the city of London.

CAP. LXV.

An ad to enlarge the term and powers of an ali made in the twenty fifth year of King George the Second, for repairing the roads from the north end of Mailing-Street, the town of Lewes, and other roads in the county of Sufiex j for amending the road from the Broil Park Gate, to the weft end of the turnpike road leading from the turnpike road on Hum Green, through the parijhes of Etchingham and Burwalh; and from the faid Broil

■' Park Gate to the town of Battell in the find county.

CAP. LXVI.

An ad for building a bridge croft the river Thames, from Batteries in the county of Surry, to Chelfea in the county of Middlefex.

CAP. LXVH.

'An ad for repairing and widening the road firm Bawtry, in the county of York, toEaft Markham common, in the county of Nottingham, and frm Little Drayton to Twiford Bridge, in the faid county.

CAP. LXVIII.

An ad for repairing and widening the road from the Crofs or Market Place in the town of Wimbpme Minfter, to the Crofe or

• Market Place in the town of Blandford Forum, in the county of Dorfet.

CAP. LXIX.

An ad for repairing, widening, and keeping in repair, the road lead-, ing from Cromford Bridge, in the county of Derby, to the turnpike road at or near Langley Mill, in the faid county.

CAP. LXX.

An ad to remove and regulate tie publick markets in the city of Bath; for widening certainfireets, ways, and pajfages, within the faid city, and the liberties and prtcinds thereof, and for opening certain new fireets and ways within the fame-, for better paving, cleanfing, lighting, watching, and regulating the fireets, lanes, ways, and pajfages there, to remove all	nuifanc	and

4o prevent the fame for the future-, and for better /applying the inhabitants of the faid city, liberties, and precinds, with water.

CAP. LXXI.

An alf for enlarging the term and powers granted by an ad poffed in fhe twenty fourth year of his latemajefiy King George the Second, ' for repairing fevcral roads h the county of Bucks, far as the

Anno facto Georgii HI, 0,72—80.	11765.

fame relates to the road between the town of Wendover and the town of Buckingham.

CAP. LXXII.

An ad for the'reKef and employment of the poor, and for repairing the	highways, paving,	cleanftng, lighting, and watching, theJtretts

and other places in the town and of Richmond, in the county of Surrey5 and for removing and preventing annoyances, obftruitions., andincroachmentstherein; and for Jbutting up a read from the bite borfe fern at Kew to Weft Sheene Lane near Richmond Green; ana for amending and keeping in repair the road from Kew Bridge to Richmond.

CAP. LXXUI.

An	oClfor repairing the road from the burgh Lauder, in

of Berwick,	to and through Kelfo, in the Jbirt of Roxburgh,

to the Marchbum.

CAP. LXXIV.

An	aCl to render more effectual an aCt made in the third year of bis

prejent Majefy's reign, for maintaining, regulating, and employing the poor within the parijb of Saint Mary, Whitechapel, in the county of Middlefex.

CAP. LXXV.

An aCt to render more effectual an aCl pafftd in the lad feffton of parliament, for rebuilding the parijb church of Alnaflows on the Wall, in the city of London ; and for rebuilding the houfe belonging to the reClorof the faid	paj and for purchafmg fevered

pieces of ground ana tenements thereon, to render the paffages to \ and from the feud church and houfe more commodious,

C AP. LXXVI.

An aS to enable the governor and. company of the bank of England

to pur chafe certain houfes and ground contiguous and near to. the bank; and for making certain avenues leading thereto more ' modious.

CAP. LXXVII.

An aCt for repairing and widening the Jlone bridge in the town if Shrewsbury.

CAP. LXXVIII.

An ad for making and continuing navigable the river Stort, in the counties of Hertford and Eflcx.

CAP. LXXIX.

An a£t for repairing and widening the road from Aft) borne to Sudbury ; and from Sudbury to Yoxall Bridge; from the turnpike road upon Hatton Moor to Tutbury, in the counties Derby and Stafford.

CAP. LXXX.

An a ff for repaying and widening the roads from Brimmingtone*/ ChcftcrfieicL in the county of Derby, aver the High Moors, to the feveral	pueet'therein mentioned.

CAP.

1765.] Anno fexto Georgii III. c. 81—8*;	iSf

CAP. LXXXI.

An	ad for further continuing the duty of one farthing per

on	coals, granted	by an ad of theJirJl year of h^ueen Anne, and

revived and continued	by an ad ofthe eighth George the

Second, for improving and repairing the piers and harbour of Whitby, in the county of York, and for better regulating the Jhipping there.

CAP. LXXXII.

An alt to enlarge the term and powers of an ad made in the	x

firth year	of King	George thrSecond,for repairing feveral roads

leading into the city of Glafgow, fo far as the fame relates to the diftrids of roads from Inchbelly Bridge to Glafgow $ and from Glafgow to Redburn Bridge.} and for altering and afcertaimng the courfe of the lajl mentioned difirid of road.

CAP. LXXXin.

An ad for enlarging the term and powers offo much of two ads made in the ti ulfthyear of the reign of AUfg George the ', and in the twelfth ytar of the reign of KingXjtorgt the Second, for repairing the road froth Spittlegate Hill, in the county of "Lincoln, to Little Drayton, In the county of Nottingham, as relates to the road from Spittlegate Hill to Bofton Bridge, in the county of Lincoln.

CAP. LXXXIV.

An ad for repairing and widening the road leading from

turnpike road at Haverhill to Red Crofs, in the patrijb of Shcl-ford, in the county Cambridge.

CAP. LXXXV.

An ad for repairing the road from the turnpike at Tunbridge Wells, in the county of Kent, to Ringles Crofs, near Uckfidd, in the county of Sudcx.

CAP. LXXXVI.

An ad for repairing and widening the road from the prefent turnpike road in the parijh of Hurfley, in the county of Southampton, through the borough of Andover, to the town of Newbury, in the county of Series} and from Newbury to Chilton Pond and Newtown River.

CAP LXXXVII.

An ad for repairing and widening the roadfrom the Mansfield and Chefterfield turnpike road, near the nine mile ftone from Mansfield, through Temple Normanton, Tupton New Indofure, andBirkin Lane, to Bunting Field Nook, in the	of A(h-

over, in the county of Derby.

cap. Lxxxvm.

An ad for repairing and	sjtndening the road from High Bridges,	in

the county of Stafford,	toUuoxeter; and from 5path*/sHmng*

ing. Bridge;,	aid: fromTewnalTs Lane to	Yosaff-Bridge,.

.•ahefindomts. ....	.	0

7

498

Anno facto Georgii III. c. 89—97.	[1765.

CAP. LXXXIX.

Anall for repairing and widening the read leading from tie ef Church Lane, in the town of Newcaftle under Lyne, in the county of Stafford, to the turnpike road leading from Woor Chefter, near the town e/'Namptwich, in the county Chefter; and from Chefterton, through Audley and Balteriy, to Ghofty

CAP. XC.

An all for enlarging the term and powers of two ails, made in the eighth and twenty feventh years of his late	for	repairing

and widening the road from Rochdale in the county palatine of Lancafter, to the towns of Halifax Ealand, in the county of York.

CAP. XCI.

An all to explain and amend an aH made in the feffion of parliament, for repairing and widening the road from Tonbridge to Maidftone, andfrom Watt’s Crofs to Cowden, in the f Kent, fo far as the fame relates to the road from Tonbridge to Maidftone.

CAP. XCII.

An all for amending, widening, altering, clearing, and keeping ia

-	repair yfeveral roads leading from the market crofs in the town of

Wareham,	and in Purbeck, in the county of Dorfet. .

CAP. xcm.

An all for amending and widening the road from the town of Bid-

-	denden, in the Weald of Kent, through the towns o/Smarden

and Charing, to join the turnpike road which leads from Alhford toFeverfham, at a place called Bound Gate.	,

CAP. XCIV. •-*

An all for making the river Soar navigable from the river Trent, to or near Loughborough, in the county of Leicefter ; and for making navigable cuts or canals from the faid river Soar, to or near The Ruflies and the Hermitage Pool, at Loughborough aforefaid.

CAP. XCV.

An all for repairing and widening the road loading from High Bullen, in Wednelbury, to the further end of Darlafton Lane, next the Portway; and from thence through Bilfton, to the further end of Gibbett Lane; and feveral other roads leading to and from Bilfton, in the county ^Stafford.

C AP. XCVI.

An all for making a navigable cut or canal from the river T rent, at 1 or near Wilden Ferry, in the county of Derby, to the river $lerley,	at or near Runcorn Gap.

CAP. XCVH.

An 08 for making and maintaining a navigable cut or tonal from tie

■ river Severn, between Bfcwdley and Tktori Brook, in tbadan-ty	ofWorcefter, to crofs the rxver Trent, at ttrnaar Hey wood

*99

1765*3 Anno fexto Georgii III. c. 98—io2.

Mill,	in	the county of Stafford,	a to communicate with a canal

intended to be made between the fad river Trent and the river Merfey.

cap. xcvrn.

An all for repairing and widening feveral roads leading to the town of Dartford, in the county of Kent.

CAP. XCIX.

An all for repairing and widening the roadfrom Muckley Corner, to Walfall and Wednelbury, and to Leigh Brook and Ocker Hill, and feveral other roads in the county of Stafford.

CAP. C.

An all for the better regulating and employing	;	and	for

clean/mg, lighting, and	watching, the Jquares, , ,	and

other places, within that part of the parijh of Saint Andrew * Holborn which lies above the bars, in the county of Middlefex, and the parijb of Saint George the Martyr, in the fail	.

CAP. Cl.

An all for making the river Chelmer navigable from the port of Maldon to the town of Chelmsford, in the county of Eflex.

CAP. CII.

An all to enable the principal officers and cornmiffioaers of bis fly's navy to carry into execution certain articles agreement made for a leafe of ground for the improvement of bis Majefly's dock yard of Plymouth.

ANNO REGNI

G E O R G I I III.

REGIS

Magna Britannia, Francia, it Hibernia,

8 E P T I M O.

At the Parliament begun and holden at	the

Nineteenth day of May, Anno Dom. 1761, in the Firft Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith,

And from thence continued by feveral Prorogations to the Eleventh day of November, 17 66, being the Sixth Selfion of the twelfth Parliament of Great Britain.

/

I

THE

" A T U T E S at Large, £$V.

mo ieptimo GEORGII III. Regis.

CAP. I.

f to continue an aft made in the fifth year of the reign bis prefent Majefty,	intituled,An aft for importation

falted beef, pork, bacon, and butter* from Ireland^ a limited time.

Y HERE AS anafl of parliament paffei in the fifth year	•

of the reign of bis prefent Majefty, intituled. An aft for Preambfe, relation of falted beef, pork, bacon, and butter, from Ire-for a limited time; which was to continue in forte for5 months from the commencement thereof ; which fata alt was, tber aft puffed in the lafi fejfion of parliament, further	-

from the expiration thereof, until the firjl day of February, ufatid fevtn hundred ana fixty feven, is near expiring : and is the allowing the importation of faked beef, pork, bacon, and from Ireland, for a further time, may be <f great advan-> both kingdoms: may it therefore pleafe your Majefty, maybeenafted; and be it enaftedby the King’s tnoft ex-: majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords al and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parlia-jflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the ft, and all and every the daufes, provifions, penalties, ures, allowances, drawbacks, matters, and things, therein ^rinuedu* ned, (hall be further continued, from the expiration, Feb. 176s. f; until the firft day of February, one thoufand (even ed and fixty eight, as fully and effeftually, to all intents urpofes, as if- the fame were inferted and re-cnafted in dy of this prefent aft.

CAP. II.

1 to amend fit much of an aft made in the lafi fejfion of liament, intituled. An aft for repealing certain ies in the BrHtfb colonies and plantations, granted feveraj afts of parliament; ana alfo the duties im-ed by an aft made in the laft feffion of parliament )n certain Eaft India goods exported from Great taen-, and for granting other duties inftead thereof;

I for further encouraging, regulating, and fecuring,

X a	fcveral

304	Anno feptimo Georgii HI. c. 2, 3. [1766:

feveral branches of the trade of this kingdom, and the Britijh dominions in America* as relates to the exportation of non-enumerated goods from tbt Britiih colonies in America.

Preamble, re- \KT HEREAS by on aft mode in the lajl fefflon of parliament* citing claufe YV intituled* An a& for repealing certain duties, in the inadt6 Britijh colonies and plantations, granted by feveral a£ls of par-liament; and alfo the duties impofed by an adt made in the laft feffion pf parliament upon certain Eojl India goods exported from Great Britain \ and for granting other duties inftead thereof* and for encouraging, regulating, and fecuring, feveral branches of the trade of this kingdom, and the Bnttfh dominions in America; it is* amongft other things* enafted* That bond and fecurity* in the penalties in the faid recited aft mentioned**Jbeil be given to the colie ftor or other principal officer of the cufloms* at any port or place in any of the Britiih American colonies or plantations, with one furety befides the majler of every /hip or veffiel that Jhall lade or take on board there any non-enumtrated goods* with condition, that fuch goods Jhall not be landed at any part of Europe to the northward of Cape Finifterre, except in Great Britain: and where* as Ireland Jhould have been excepted in the faid aft as well as Great Britain: be it therefore enacted and declared by the King's moil excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritualandtemporal, and commons, in this prefent par-Non pnume- liament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That any rated goods, non-enumerated goods laden as forefaid, in any Britijh Amen• BritM Ame- *an colony or plantation, may be landed in Ireland •* and that fican colony, the faid recited a&, and all the regulations therein contained, may be land- fo far as the fame relate to the bond and fecurity for landing cd in Ireland. fuch non-enumerated goods in Great Britain* (hall extend, and

The recited con^ruec^t0 extencU to Ireland alio, as fully and effectually a&Cfcffar as to a^ intcnts and pqrpofes as if Ireland had been excepted and it relates to named ip the faid adt * and that any bond which may have been the bond quid entered into in purfuance of the faid recited adt, not to land iecanty for any non-enumerated goods in any part of Europe to the north-non-^nume- >^ar<* °f CaP€ Finifterre* except in Great Britain* (hall and may rated goods be cancelled and difeharged by the like certificate under the |n Great Bri- hands and feals of the collector and comptroller, or other principal officer of the cuftoms at any port in Ireland* teftifying p re an ,«c. f jjC ]anc)ing Gf fuch goods there, in the fame manner as if the faid goods had been landed in Great Britain; any thing in the laid recited adt to the contrary notwithftanding.

, CAP. III.

An aft to prohibit, for a limited time, the exportation of corn* grain* meal* malt* flour, bread* bifeuit, and Jiarcb * and alfo the extraction of low wines and Spirits from npbeat and wheat flour. fn*pbIp#	WHEREAS the exportation of any fart of com* grain*

Vf jWwl} malt, flourx bread* bifeuit* and flarcb* out of the

6.] Anno feptimo Georgii III. c. 3.	305

ioms of Great Britain or Ireland, may^ at this time, he greatly idiciatto his Majejly> fubjefts; be it therefore enaded by the g’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and ent of the lords fpiritual and temporal,, and commons, in prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the That no perfon or perfons whatfoever (hall, diredly or No perfon rediy, export, tranfport, carry, or convey, or caufe or pro- ftialfexport, to be exported, tranfported, carried, or conveyed, out of &c- a«y of the *om the faid kingdoms of Great Britain or Ireland \ or load here^ncwtion-ay on board, or caufe or procure to be laden or laid on ed.from Great ■a, in any (hip or other veflel, or boat, in order to be ex-Britain or Ire* cd or carried out of the faid kingdoms of Great Britain orlaod» uid, any fort of corn, grain, meal, malt, flour, bread, bif-, or (larch, under the penalties and forfeitures herein after ltioned; that is to fay* That all the faid commodities that on forfeiture 1 be fo exported, (hipped, or laid on board, or loaded to beot thc famc* arted, (hipped, or carried out, contrary to this ad, (hall orfeited; and that every offender or offenders therein (hall sit the fum of twenty (hillings for every bufhel of corn, and 101. per n, malt, meal, or flour; and twelve pence for every pound for all ght of bread, bifcuit, or (larch; and fo in proportion f°rmalt* meal0* greater or lefs quantity which (hall be fo exported, (hipped, amj flour * and >ut on board to be exported; and alfo the (hip, boat, or «»d. per lb. el, upon which any of the faid commodities (hall be export-f°r ajl (hipped, or laden to be exported, and all her guns, tackle,orlurchj arel, and furniture, (hall be forfeited ; and one moiety of all faid penalties and forfeitures (hall be to the King’s majefty,an<J heirs, and fucceffors, and the other moiety to him or them vcl c * c* twill fue for the fame; and for offences which (hall be com-Inwhatcourts ted in that part of Great Britain called England, fuch penal-tbe and forfeitures lhall be recovered by addon of debt, bill,fo*^ndrtint, or information, in any of his Majefly’s courts of record covered. Vejlmin/lery or before the juftices of aflize, or at the great fefi-is in Ivales, or by information, at any general quarter fef-is of the peace for the county, city, riding, diviflon, or :e, where the offence (hall be committed; and in fuch fuit, effoin, protedion, privilege, or wager of law, (hall be allowed;

1 for offences which (hall be committed in that part of Great tain called Scotland, by adion or fummary bill, or informa-1, in the courts of feflions or exchequer in Scotland; and for :nces which (hall be committed in Ireland, in his Majefty’s irts of record in Dublin, or at the general quarter feflion of peace for the county, city, or place, where the offence (hall committed; and that the mailer andmariners^f any fuch (hip, Mailer and it, or veflel, wherein any fuch offence might be committed, jwing fuch offence, and wittingly and willingly aiding and	uablc

ftirig thereunto, and being thereof duly convided in any to 3 month* h courts as aforefaid, (hall be imprifoned for the fpace ofiraprifonment, ee months without bail or mainprize

[I. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. Officer*, and tat it (hall and may be lawful to and for any perfon or per-

X 3	Us

3o5	Anno	feptimo	Georgii	III.	0.3."	f	1766.

fens, being an officer or officers of the cuftoms, or being lawfully authorized in this behalf by the lord high treafurer of Great Britain, or the commiffioners of the treafury for the time being, or any three or more of them, to take and feize all fuch of the faid commodities, not allowed to be exported by this ad, as he or they (hall happen to find, know, or difcover, to be laid on board any (hip, or other vefTel, or boat, at fea, or in any port, or in any navigable river or water, to the intent or purpofe to tnw act 5	be	tranfportcd,	or	conveyed,	out	of Great Brttainot

thf'vliffffi*1 ^ Intend* contrary to the true intent of this aft; and alfo the (hip, veflfel, or boat, in which the fame (hall be found; and to bring the faid goods to the King’s warehoufe or ware-houfes belonging to the cuftomhoufe next to the place where fuch feizures (hall be made, or to fome other fafe place (where there are no fuch warehoufes) in order to be proceeded againft according to law; and in cafe of recovery, to be divided in manner as aforefaid.

III.	Provided always. That this ad, or any thing herein STlbmuchof contained, (hall not extend to prohibit the exportation of fuch the (aid com- or fo much of the faid commodities, as (hall be neceflary to be modities, as carried in any (hip or (hips, or other veflel or veflcls, in their lhatl be necef- refpedive voyages, for the fuftenance, diet, and fupport, of iTfeorvefels ?he commanders, matters, mariners, paflengers, or others, in their ▼ oy- in the fame (hips or veflels only; or for the vidualling or pro-ages;	viding any of his Majefty’s (hips of war, or other (hips or vef-

orofhisMa- in his Majefty’s fervice, or for his Majefty’s forces, forts, jetty's (hips of or garrifons; any thing herein contained to the contrary not-war, &c.	withftandinc.

??rr^?orgar‘ IV. Provided alfo. That this ad, or any thing herein contained, (hall not extend to prohibit any perfon or perfons to

may feize any of the faid commodities (hipped, &c. contrary to the intent of this aft; together the veflel.

The aoods to be lodged in the King's warehoufes.

Prohibition not to extend

rifoni;

nor to fuch as (hip or put on board any of the commodities aforefaid, to be (hall be earn- carried coaftwife; that is to fay, from any port, creek, or mem-ed coaftwife; ber 0f the kingdoms of Great Britain or Ireland, to any other port, creek, or member of the fame refeedively, having fuch or the like coaft cocquet, or fufferance for that purpofe, and fuch or fecurity being the like fufficient fecurity being firft given for the landing and firft given for difeharging the fame in fome other port, member, or creek, of ine ttowf-	kingdoms,	and	returning	a	certificate in fix months,

s 9 as is required by law in cafes where goods, which are liable to pay duties on exportation, are carried coaftwife from one port of Great Britain to another, and not otherwife.

V, Provided alfo. That this ad, or any thing herein contained, (hall not extend to any of the faid commodities which nor to fuch as (hall be exported, or (hipped to be exported, out of or from rtedfhwn Great Britain to Ireland, or from Ireland to Great Britain, or Sreat Britain fr°m Great Britain or Ireland, to Gibraltar or Minorca, or unto to Ireland; or any of his Majefty’s iflands or colonies in America, that have ufu-firom Ireland ally been fupplied with any of the faid commodities from Great to Great Bn- jjrj(a;n or Ireland, for the luftentation of the inhabitants of the GibraitarvMi. ft id i (lands, colonies, or dominions; or for the benefit of the aorca» or Bri- Brit\Jb fifhery in thofe parts only; fo as the exporter do, before

the

■	1766.] Anno fcptimo -GEdrgii III. c/3.1	-30.7

fhe {hipping or laying on board die fame, declare the iftand, tUh colonic*, -colony, or dominion, iflsnds, colonies, or dominions, forin America^ -which the faid commodities are refphSively defigned, and doaaShere ' become bound with other fuffident Security in treble the value therej *. ' thereof, to the commiflioners or chief officer or officers of his .

Majefty’s cuftoms belonging to the port or place where the lame rivingftcuri-•fhall be (hipped or pm or board (who hath or havp hereby,^ for power to take fuch fecurity in bis Majefty’s name, and to his landing, ire. Majefty’s ufe) that fuch commodities (hall not be Jbpded or fold	'

■	in any parts whatfoever, other than the kingdoms, .dominions,

' iflands, -or colonies, for which the fame (hall be. fo declared j

and that a certificate under the hand and fcai of tbs QeJledor, »nd returning comptroller, or other chief officer of the cuftoms, or if no fuch a certificar*: of the naval officer, or of fome other principal officer of the port where the fame (hall be landed, (hall, within die refpec-tive times herein after for that purpofe mentioned (the danger ■of the feas excepted) be returned to-tbe officers who took the laid bonds, that the (aid commodities have been landed at the port or place for which the fame (hall be lb declared; and for the taking of fuch fecurity, and for giving fuch certificates (which tho rapedive officers aforefaid are hereby on demand required to give) no fee or reward (ball be demanded or received j and ifOfficermakfng any officer (hall make any fatfe certificate of any fuch commo- * f*lfe “rtifi-dities being fo landed, fuch officer (hall forfeit the fum of two hundred pounds, and lofe his employment, and be incapable incapacitated, of ferving his Majefty, his heirs, or fucceflors, in any office relating to the cuftoms; and if any perfon (hall counterfeit, other perfoft rafe, -or falfify, any fuch certificate, or knowingly publifh any counterfeit-fuch counterfeited, rafed, or falfe certificate, he (nail forfeit the 'nS>&c. any fum of two hundred pounds, and fuch certificate (hall be void and of no effect i which faid penalties for offences committed in	;n_	*

Great Britain or Ireland., (hall be recovered in the fame .courts, court*" and in the (ante manner, as the other penalties inflifted by to be recover-) this a£t are recoverable; and for offences committed in the co-cd. lonies or plantations in America, or other the dominions belonging to the crown of Great Britain in , (hall be recovered in the high court of admiralty, or in any chief court of Application civil or criminal jurifdi&ion, in fuch rcfpedive colonies, plan- *h*rc°f-tations, or dominions} and (hall be divided into equal moie-ties between his Majefty and the informer; and the faid bond within 3 years.' or bonds, if not profecuted within three years, (hall be void.

VI.	Provided alfo. That nothing herein contained (hall ex- Prohibition tend to prohibit the exportation of beans to the Britijb forts, not to extend caftles, and factories in Africa, or for the ufe of the (hips trad-

ing upon that coaft, that ufually have been fupplied with the the Bri'tifh fame, from Great Britain or Ireland; fo as the like fecurity be forts, in given for-the exporting thereof, as is required by this ad to Africa, &c. be given by perfons carrying any of the faid commodities to the Bntijh colonies in America.

VII.	Provided alfo, That nothing herein contained (hall ex-nor toyny of

tend to prohibit the united company of merchants of	die fiU «*»•

X4	trading'"	’*

•got	Artno fcptimo Georg n III. & $.•	[17#.

nudities ex- trading to the Eajl Indies from exporting any of the (aid com-£0J®dJy *•* modities to any of their fort*, factories, or fettlemcati, for the Mmpany to iupP01’1 °f *he perfons refiding there; fo as the like fecurity be theirfatt,&c. given for the exporting thereof, as is required by this ad to be given by perfons carrying any of the faid commodities to the Britijh colonies in America. nor to wheat,	VIII. Provided alfo, That this ad, or any thing herein con-

bade "bread ta'ne<*» not extend to any wheat, flour, malt, barley, bifcu&or ’ bread, bifcuit, or peas, to be tranfported out of, or from, the peife, from port of Southampton only, unto the iflands of Jerfey* Guernfejr, wathampton and Attorney* or any of them, for the only uie of the inhabi-G ^	dtants thofe iflands; fo as the exporter before the lading of

Ald»n^r)&c. ^uch commodities, or laying the fame on board, do become *	* bouM with other fufficient fecurity in treble the value thereof

(which the cuftomer or comptroller of the lame port hath hereby power to take in his Majefty’s name, and to his Majefty’s ufe, and for which fecurity no fee or reward (hall be given or taken) that fuch commodities (hall be landed in the faid iflands of Jerfey, Guernfej, and Alderney, or one of them (the danger for the ufe of of leas only excepted) for the ufe of the inhabitants there, and the tiihabi- (hall not be landed or fold in any other parts whatfoever, and ttntt°i“y>&c* to return the like certificates of the landing the fame there, as are herein before required on the exportation of the uid commodities to the Britijh colonies in America, and within the foMthequan time for that purpofe herein after mentioned; and fo as the tityexteednot quantity of wheat, flour, malt, barley, bread, bifcuit and peafe, ^000 quarters which at any time or times after the parting of this adt, and in the whole; beforc the time herein after limited, (hall be ilv.pped at the faid port for the faid iflands, or either of them as aforefaid, doth not exceed in the whole five thoufand quarters; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithrtanding. nor to wheat, IX. Provided alfo. That this adl, or any thing herein con-•barley, oats, tained, (hall not extend to any wheat, barley, oats, meal, or meal, or flour, flour> to be tranfported out of or from the ports of Southampton sunptonorEx- or E*etir only, unto Ifl* of Man, for the only ufe of the cter to the Ifle inhabitants ot that ifland; fo as the exporter, before the lad-of Man, for ing of fuch wheat, barley, oats, meal, or flour, or laying the 5h®	°*thc fame on board, do become bound, with other fufficient fecuri-

ojflySJj* ty, in treble the value thereof (which the cuftomer or comp-^	troller of either of the faid ports refpedtively hath hereby power

to take in his Majefty’s name, and to his Majefty’s ufe, for which fecurity no fee or reward (hall be given or taken) that fuch wheat, barley, oats, meal, or dour, (hall be landed in the faid IJle of Man (the dangers of the feas only excepted) for the ufe of the inhabitants there, and (hall not be landed or fold in any other parts whatfoever; and to return the like certificates of the landing the fame there, as are by this adt herein before required on the exportation of the faid commodities to the Britijh colonies in America, and within the time for that purpofe herein mthe after mentioned; and fo as the whole quantity of wheat, barley, quantity ex* oats, meal, and flour, which at any time or times after the

iy6&3 Anno feptimo Geo£gii lit. c. 3.'	.309

paffing of this aft, and before the time herein after limited, (hall not * joo be (hipped at both the laid ports for the faid JJle of Man, (hall not quarter* in the exceed in the whole two thoufand and five'hundred quarters; one m0°ety to'be . moiety thereof to be exported from the faid port of Southampton, ihipt from and the other moiety thereof to be exported from the faid port of Southampton, Exeter; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwith- and. the other Handing.	S1"

X.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That Commiflion-. the commiffioners of the cuftoms for the time being (hall, and ers of the ctu they are hereby required, to give a full and true account in writ- ftoms t0 rc" ing, to both houfes of parliament, at the beginning of the next*“„”ta"0*^ femon thereof, of all corn, grain, meal, malt, flour, bread, bif- liament of all cuit, and (larch, that (hall before that time be exported to any the com and place whatfoever by virtue or in purfiiance of any of the liberties F*™-or powers hereby given or granted for that purpofc.	^	SportS.®

XL Provided always, and be it further enacted by the autho- Prohibition rity aforefaid. That nothing in this aft contained (hall extend to not to extend any malt declared or made for exportation, and barley deeped and entered at the excife office, to be made into malt for expor- made for ex-tation, on or betore the fifteenth day of November, one thoufand portation^or feven hundred and fixty fix, which (hall be exported ; provided to barley the proprietor or proprietors thereof (hall produce to the collec- fkeped and tor or chief officer of the port where fuch malt (hall be exported,	*Not^

a certificate or certificates, from the officer or officers with whom ,7$6> the entry of the corn intended to be made into fuch malt for ex- * portation, (hall have been made, that the faid malt was actually declared or made for exportation, and the faid barley deeped and	‘

entered at the excife office, to be made into malt for exportation, on or before the faid fifteenth day of November; any thing herein contained to the contrary in any wife notwithftanding.

XII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Time* limited That all certificates of the landing and difeharging of the faid returning commodities to be exported, other than coaftwife, (hall be re-

turned within the refpeftive times following; that is to fay, are taken, where the bonds are taken in refpeft of any of the faid commodities to be exported from Great Britain or Ireland, to any of the faid colonies or plantations in America% within eighteen calendar months after the date of fuch bonds ; and where to Gibraltar or Minorca, within twelve calendar months after the date of fuch bonds 5 and where to the iflands of Guernfey, Jerfey, Alderney, or Alan, within fix calendar months after the date of fuch bonds ; and where from Great Britain to Ireland, or from Ireland to Great Britain, within fix calendar months after the date of fuch bonds refpeftivcly.

XIII.	Provided always, and be it enafted by the authority No drawback aforefaid, That no corn, grain, meal, malt, flour, bread, bifeuit, ™ bounty to or (larch, which (hall be exported by virtue of this aft, (hall heof £££?* intitled to any of the bounties or drawbacks which are allowed modifies fo .and made payable on the exportation of fuch commodities, or exported.

any of them.

JilV. Provided always, and be it enafted. That nothing herein Prohibition

5	contained	not!oc*^

*	to nee,

3*0

The extraction of low^ wines or (pints from wheat or wheat flour prohibited.

under penalty of sool. and forfeiture of all the ftid commodities. Wheat and wheat flour found in any place where low wines and fpirits are extraded, See. are forfeited $

with yooI. by the per fan in whole pof-(eifion found

Officers of excite, See. authorized to infpeft the materials from which low wines or fpirits are to be extraded |

Anno feptimo Geokgii III. c. 3.	[176R

contained (hall extend to prohibit the exportation of rice out of this kingdom.

XV.	And whereas it is expedient that the extraction of low %trims or Jpirits from wheat or wheat flour Jbould he prohibited for a limited time; be it therefore farther enaded by the authority afonefatd, That no low wines or fpirits whatfoever (hall be made, extracted, or difliiled, within this kingdom, from any wheat or wheat flour: and if any difliller or maker of low wines or fpirits, or any other perfon or perfons whatfoever, (hall make, extract, or drftiU, or caufe or procure to be made, extraded, or diddled, any low wines or fpirits from any wheat or wheat flour, or (hall ufe or mix, or caufe or procure to be ufed or mixed, any wheat or wheat flour in any worts or wa(h, in order for the making, extrading, or diftilling, low wines or fpirits, or (hall put or lay, or caufe or procure to be put or laid, in any tun, wafh-batch, cafk, copper, (till, or other veflel or utenfil, any wheat or wheat flour far the purpofeof preparing any worts or wafh,or for making, extrading, or diddling, low wines or fpirits, whether fuch tun, wafh-batch, cafk, copper, dill, or other veflel or utenfil, hath or hath not been duly entered at the excife office; that then, and in each and every of the faid cafes, fuch difliller or maker of low wines or fpirits, or other perfon or perfons, ading contrary to the di-redions of this ad, or the perfon or perfons in whole cuftody or pofleflion any fuch tun, wa(h-batch, cafk, copper, dill, or other veflel or utenfil, which (hall be made ufe of contrary to the intention of this ad, (hall be found, (hall refpedively, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of two hundred pounds, and all fuch wheat or wheat flour, and fuch worts and waft, low wines and fpirits, (hall be alfo forfeited.

XVI.	And be it further enaded by the authority afbrefaid, That if any wheat or wheat flour (hall be found in any work-houfe, dillhoufe, dorehoufe, warehoufe, or any other place, wherein low wines or fpirits, or worts or wafh, (hall be made, extracted, difliiled, or prepared, or where any low wines or fpirits, or worts or wafh,fhall have been made, extraded, difliiled, or prepared, fince the firfl day of October^ one thoufand feven hundred and fixty fix, all fuch wheat and wheat flour (hall be forfeited; and the perfon or perfons in whofe pofleflion fuch workhoufe, dillhoufe, dorehoufe, warehoufe, or place, (hall be, (hall, for every offence refpedively, alfo forfeit and pay the fcm of one hundred pounds.

XVII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That it fhall and may be lawful for any perfon or perfons who (hall be authorized for that purpofe by the commiflionersof excife for the time being, or any two or more of them, within the limits of the chief office of excife in Londofiy or by one or more juflice or juflices of the peace in any other part of Great Britain, at any time or times, with any officer of excife, to enter into any workhoufe, dillhoufe, dorehoufe, warehoufe, or any other place, wherein any low wines of fpirits, or worts or wadi, (hall be, or are fufpeded to be, made, extraded, difliiled, or prepared, or wherein low wines or fpirits, or worts

or

1766.] Anno feptimo GboROU III. c. p	31*

or wafh, fhall have been made, extrafted, diftilled, or prepared, fince the firft day of Oflober, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty fix, and fhall have free admittance into the fame, and may infpeft all the materials, veflfels, and ‘utenfils, therein contained, giving thereby as little interruption as may be to the bufinefc which is carrying on ; and in cafe any officer of excife (hall have realon to fufpeft that any wheat or wheat flour is mixed in any worts or wain, or in any other material or preparation, for making, extracting, or diddling, low wines or fpirits, it fhall and may be lawful for fuch officer, at any time or times during the and take fettr-faid term, upon payment of two (hillings and fix pence, to take Plc,» paying a fample, not exceeding two quarts, ot any fuch worts or wafh,tor thc *me * material or preparation, which fhall be found in any fuch houfe, or other place aforefaid; and in cafe any difiillef or maker cif Penalty of relow wines or fpirits, or the owner or Occupier of any fuch houfe fofing admit-or place, or any workman or fervant to any fuch diftiller, owner,	^

or occupier belonging, fhall refufe to admit fuch perfon or per- obftruftmg fons as (hall be fo authorized, or any officer of excife, into any him, is 100k fuch houfe or place; or fhall obftruft or hinder any fuch officer, or perfon or perfons, in making fuch infpeftioft as aforefaid; or (hall not allow any fuch officer to take fuch fample, after the faid fum of two (hillings and fix pence fhall be paid or tendered for the fame, fuch diftiller, owner, or occupier, ihall, for every fuch offence refpeftively, forfeit and pay the fum of one hundred pounds ; and it fhall be lawful for any fuch officer of excife, or Officer autbo-other perfon or perfons authorized as aforefaid, having a war-	by warrant for that purpofe from any two or more of the commiffion*	th?(Taid

ers of the excife, or any juftice or juftices refpeftively as afore- commodities, faid, to feize, take, and carry away, all fuch wheat and wheat flour as fhall be found in any fuch houfe or other place, together with all the ficks, bags, and other things, in which the laid commodities fhall be contained.

XVIII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, Diftiller,fee. That if any diftiller or maker of low wines or fpirits for fale or not to have exportation, fhall be poffefled of, or have in his, her, or their nonihans cuftody or poffeffion, or in the cuftody or poffeffion of any per- ^hea^or0 fon or perfons in truft, or for the ufe or benefit of fuch diftiller wheat flour or maker of low wines or fpirits, more than five quarters of at one time, wheat or wheat flour at any one time, in any one or more place &c*

or places (not being a place or places for preparing, making, ex-tracing, diftilling, or keeping worts or wafh, low wines, or fpirits) every fuch diftiller or maker of low wines or fpirits fhall, °j forfeiture for every fuch offence refpeftively, .forfeit all fuch wheat and wheat flour exceeding the laid quantity of five quarters; and alfo qtunerj the fum of five pounds for every quarter fo forfeited.

XIX.	Provided always, That this aft fhall not extend to in- except with flift the faid laft mentioned penalty and forfeiture upon any di-yjpwtofuqh Hiller or maker of low wines or fpirits, who fhall be the aftual

grower of wheat, and fhall be pofleffed of any quantity of fuch growerl, fee* wheat grown by him or her in the ftraw, or after the fame is threfhed out, or feparated from the ftraw; provided fuch wheat and who keep k	fhallnot A*6 wheat.

diftiilers as are millers, *c.

In cafe of in-formation, upon oath, before two

312	Anno	feptimo QeoRGIi III. C. 3.	[1766.

after being (hall not be kept in his or her pofleflion, or in the pofleflion of threihed out, any other perfon or perfons in truft for him or her, or for a daysT ani°grcatcr fpace of time than twenty days after the fame (hall be and not in threflied or feparated from the draw; and fo as fueh wheat be places ufed for not kept in any place ufed for making, extracting, or diftilling, diftilling 1 jow w;ncs or fpirits, or for preparing or keeping worts or wafiL and alfe with . XX. Provided alfo, That this alt (hall not extend to inflift re^efttofuch the faid laft mentioned penalty and forfeiture upon any diftiller .11	or maker of low wines or fpirits, who praCtifes the trade of a

miller, and who was poflefled of, and worked any mill or mills for the grinding of wheat, on or before the firft day of one thoufand (even hundred and fixty fix, for or upon account of any quantity of wheat or wheat flour, which (hall, during the time herein after limited, be found in any fuch mill or mills \ any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXL And be it further enabled by the authority aforebid, That in cafe any officer or officers of excife, or any other perfon rawc iwV or	at	any time or times, have caufe to fufpeCt that

TOmi^ffioncrs any wheat or wheat flour, exceeding the quantity of five quar-of excife, ters, (hall be laid or kept in any luch ftorehoufe, warehoufe, grainery, or other place or places, as aforefaid, belonging to any diftiller or maker of low wines or fpirits, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this a&; then, and in every fuch cafe, upon oath made by fuch officer or officers, or other perfon or perfons, before the commiffioners of excife for the time being refpeCtively, ajufticeof or any two or more of them, or before one or more juftice or juftices of the peace refiding near the place where fuch officer or officers, or other perfon or perfons, (hall fufpedt the fame to be powering the laid and kept, fetting forth the ground of his or their fufpicion; officer, £c. to it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid commiffioners, or £Xs &e~ or juftices of the peace refpedlively, before whom fuch of-belonging to ®cer 9r officers, or other perfon or perions, (hall make oath as J!A?"	aforefaid	(if	he	or	they (hall judge it reafonable) by fpecial war-

rant under his or their refpedtive hands and feals, to authorize and im power fuch officer or officers, or other perfon or perfons, authorized as aforefaid, by day or by night (but if in the night, then in the prefence of a cenftable, or other lawful officer of the peace) to enter into all and every ftorehoufe, warehoufe, grainery, or other place or places, where he or they (hall fufpedt that any wheat or wheat flour, exceeding the quantity of five quarters as aforefaid, (hall be laid or kept, belonging to any fuch diftiller or maker of low wines or fpirits, and to feize, take, and carry away, all fuch wheat and wheat flour as he or they (hall fo find (over and above the faid quantity of five quarters, together with all the facks, bags, or other things, wherein the fame (hall be contained) and fuch diftiller or maker of low wines or fpirits, or the perfon or perfons in whofe cuftody or pofleflion fuch wheat or wheat wr «u aw® fl°ur* belonging to fuch diftiller, (hall be found, (hall, for eveTy that quantity, fuch offence relpedtively forfeit and pav the faid penalty of five Ac,	pounds for every Quarter exceeding the faid quantity of five

quarters -9 and the bid officer or officers, and other perfon or

perfons,

peace, warrant to be granted im -----— the

diftiller a.

and (eize all wheat and wheat flour exceeding 5 quarters, and diftiller liable to pay sLarrqaarte tor all above

1766.I Anno fcptimo GeorGii m. c. 3?	$13

perfons, is or are hereby impowered by fuch warrant, together with fuch other perfon or perfons as he or they (hall take to his or their afliftance, to enter fuch ftorehoufes, warehoufes, graine-ries, and other place or places, and break open the doors thereof, in cafe they be not opened on demand.

XXII.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, Recovery and That all penalties and forfeitures by this adt impofed, and for application of the recoveiy and application whereof no other provifion is herein ^nd*forfei^ before made, (hall be fued for and recovered by adtion of debt, J£rcg bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majerfy’s courts of re- not othenrife cord in IVefiminfter, or in the court of Exchequer in Scotland; dire&ed. and that the court before whom the fame (hall "be recovered may and are hereby authorized (if they (hall think fit) to mitigate all Penalties lia-or any of the pecuniary penalties herein before inflidted, to any b)e to fum not lefs than one fourth part of the fum herein refpedtively ^S*1*** mentioned ; and that one moiety of all fuch penalties and forfeitures when recovered, (hall be to the ufe of his Maiefty, his heirs, and fucceffors, and the other moiety to him or them who (hall fue for the fame, or give information of, or difeover the offence.

XXIII.	Provided always, That all fuits, profecutions, or in- Limitation of

formations, for offences committed againft this adt, (hall be com- *pd »«-mcnced at i made within the fpace of fix calendar months after o^ncwTa?^ the fa a is committed, and not otherways; any thing herein ^ contained to the contrary notwithftanding.	aa.

XXIV.	And whereas there have been contra#s made by the difiil- Coi\tr^,r Urs with feveral perfons for yeafi to be delivered and received at fu-

ture times after the firfi day of Odtober, one thoufand feven hundred iere with yeal^ and fixty fix 5 be it therefore enadted by the authority aforefaid, fufpended That all contrails or bargains made by any diftiller or diftillers during the with any perfon or perfons whatfoever, for any yeaft to be. deli-vered at any time during the continuance of this adt, (hall.be, and ° are hereby declared to be, fufpended.

XXV.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, Lmaitotionof That if any adtion or fuit (hall be commenced againft any per-

Ion or perfons, for any thing done irt purfuance of this a&, fuch adtion or fuit (hall be commenced within the fpace of four calendar months next after the offence (hall be committed; and if fuch adtion or fuit (hall be commenced or profecuted in that part of Great Britain called England, the defendant or defendants in any fuch adtion or fuit may plead the general iffue, and give General Hue, this adt and the fpecial matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuance and by the authority of this adt \ and if it (ball appear fo to have been clone, the jury (hall find for the defendant or defendants: and if the plaintiff (hall be nonfuited, or difeontinue his adtion after the defendant or defendants (hall have appeared $ or if judgement (hall be given upon any verdidt or demurrer againft the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants (hall and may recover treble cofts. Treble celt* $nd have the like remedy for the fame as any defendant or defendants hath or have in other cafes by law: and if fuch a&ion

W

Vi

In Scotland full expence to be recovered.

Commencement and continuance of the feveral prohibition*.

Continuations liable to be abridged or varied, by any future aa of this feflion. The King ira-powered, after the faid 10 Sept, and be* fore the next feflion, to prohibit, if expedient, the exportation of corn, See.

for any time, until 10 dayi after the next feflion.

- Prohibition not to extend to placet, or for any of the purposes al-wwwJby this act.

Anno feptlmo G&oRGII UL C. f. [1766L

or fuit be commenced or profecuted in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, the court, before whom fuch adtion or fuit (hall be brought, (hall allow the defender to plead this ad on his defence $ and if the purfuer (hall not infill on his adion, or if judgement (hall be given againft fuch purfuer, the defendant (hall and may recover the full and real expences he may have been put to by any fuch adtion or fuit.

XXVI.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That fuch part of this ad as prohibits the exportation of wheat and wheat dour, and the feveral claufes and provifions relating thereto, (hall continue in force until the tenth day of September, one thoufend feven hundred and fixty feven; and that fuch part of this adt as prohibits the exportation of barley and malt, and the feveral claufes and provifions relating thereto, (hall commence from the fourteenth day of November, one thou-land feven hundred and fixty fix, and continue in force until the laid tenth day of September; and that fuch part of this ad as prohibits the exportation of any other corn, min, or flour, or of meal, bread, bifeuit, and ftarch, and the feveral claufes and provifions relating thereto, (hall commence from the paffing of this ad, and continue in force until the (aid tenth day of Sep-Umber; and that fuch part of this ad as prohibits the extraction of low wines and fpirits, from wheat, and wheat flour, and tht feveral claufes and provifions relating thereto, (hall commence from the palling of this ad, and continue in force until the faid tenth day of September.

XXVII.	Provided neverthelefs, That the faid continuations, or any of them, may be abridged or (hortened ; and this ad, os any part thereof, may be altered and varied by any other ad os ads to be made in this prefent fefiion of parliament.

XXVIII.	Provided always, and be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That if at any time or times after the tenth day of September, one thoufand (even hundred and fixty fevenj and before the next fefiion of parliament, it (hall appear expedient to his Majefty to prohibit the exportation of corn, grain, meal, malt, flour, bread, bifeuit, and ftarch, or any of them* it (hall and may be lawful to and for his Majefty, from time to time, by his royal proclamation, to be ifliied by and with the advice of his privy council, or by his order in council to be pub-liftied in the London Gazette, from time to time to prohibit the exportation of com, grain, meal, malt, flour, bread, bifeuit, and ftarch, or any of them, for any time or times, until twenty days after the commencement of the next feflion of parliament.

XXIX.	Provided always, and be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That nothing herein contained (hall enable his Majefty to prohibit the exportation of any com, grain, meal, malt^ flour, bread, bifeuit, or ftarch, to any of the places, or for any of the purpofes, allowed by this ad, provided the faid com,

?[rain, meal, malt, flour, mad, bifeuit, or ftarch, be exported ubjed to all the regulations and provifions preferibed by this a&*

CAP.

1766.} Anno feptimo Georgii III. c. 4,5.	$1

CAP. IV.

jjk ait for allowing the importation of wheat and wheat flour from bis	Maiefiy's colonies in America into this kingdom*

for a limited time, free of duty.

WHEREAS^* importation of wheat and wheat flour from Preamble. his	Majoflfs colonies in America r»/*GreatBritain, will be

advantageous to this kingdom; may it therefore pleafe your mofl excellent Majefly, that it may	be enabled; and be it enacted by the

King* moil excellent majefty, by and with the advice and con-fant of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this nrefient parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the lame,

That it (ball and may be lawful to and for any or his Majefty* vrtiett'flour filbje&s to import into Great Britain,in any (hip or veflel navi- allowed to be fated according to law, at any time or times before the firft day impoitediroia-«f Augufl, one thouiand. feven hundred and fixty feven, any wheat *ny or wheat flour from any of his Majefty* colonics in	ft

without the payment of any fublidy, cuftom, duty, or impofitioarica, duty whatfoever; any thing, in any former or other ad or ads of par- free, at any liameat to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding. dme before ^ II. Provided always, and be It further enabled by the autho- jjntnf'to biT" rity afbrefaid, That a due entry (hall be made, in fuch manner made thereof ana'form as were ufed or pradifcd before the making of this at thp port ad, of all wheat and wheat flour which (hall be imported or °/importa-brought into this kingdom, by Virtue of this ad, before the faidtl0D i firft dav of	Augufl, at tha cuftotn-houfie belonging to the port

ipto which the fame (hall be imported or brought in.; or other- ?lh5r?Jfe? *° wife, in default of making fuch entry, fuch wheat and Wheat pL dutyi° flour (hall be liable and fubjed to fuch and the fame duties as ^ were payable upon the importation thereof before the making of this ad; any thing in this ad contained to the contrary notwith-(fanding: and fuch wheat and wheat flour may be carried coaft-	com*

wife, under fuch regulations as wheat and wheat flour of the ™e growth of this kingdom are now allowed to be carried coaftwife, coaftwife. at all times before the faid firft day of Augufl,

CAP. V.

fln. off for allowing the importation of wheat and wheat flour from any part of Europe	into this kingdom, for a- limited

time, free of duty.

WH £ R E A S the importation ef wheat and wheat flour from Preamble.

any part of Europe into Great Britain, will be UU.tothis kingdom; may it therefore.pleafe your wflyxcelient	'*

flfly that it may b/ enabled; ana he it enaded by the King’s mofl; excellent majefly, by and with the advice ana. confcnt of the lards fpiritual and temporal, and: commons, in this, prefant pari uament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That it wheat and -maR and may be lawcful to and for any perfon oc persons what* wheat flour fOcv.cr tp import iato.Great Britain, many (hip or veflel whatfo- ?llowedtobe-at any time; or times before .U*e flrft day of March, one l^ywt of*

thbuftnd Europe, duty

Jiff	Anno feptlmo GEORGu III. C. 6, yi [1766.

free, at any thoufand feven hundred and fixty feven, any wheat or wheat flour iMarchi” • *rom any Part °fEurope, without the payment of any fuhfidy, 917 79 cuftom, duty, or imposition whatfoever 5 and may alfo be carried and may be coaftwife, under fuch regulation as wheat and wheat flour of the carried coaft- growth of this kingdom are now allowed to be carried coaftwife, W1*c*	at all times before the faid firft day of March; any thing in any

former or other ad or ads of parliament to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

Entry to be II. Provided always, and be it further enaded by the autho-made thereof rfty aforefaid, That a due entry (hall be made, in luch manner thc	and form as were ufed or pradifed before the making of this

**0 a 9 ad, of all wheat and wheat flour which (hall be imported or brought into this kingdom before the faid firft day of March, at the cuftom-houfe belonging to the port into which the fame (hall otherwife to be imported or brought in; or otherwife, in default of making be liable to fuch entry, fuch wheat and wheat flour (hall be liable and fub-pay duty. je& to fuch an(j thc famc jutics as Were payable upon the importation thereof before the making of this ad; any thing in this ad contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. VI.

An ad for continuing and granting to his Majefty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the fervice of the year one thouund (even hundred and fixty feven.

CAP. VII.

An aft for indemnifying fuch perfons as have afttd for the fervice of the public, in advtfing or carrying into execution the order of council of the twenty fixlb day of September lafi, for laying an embargo on allJhips laden with wheat or wheat flour •, and for preventing fuits in confequencc of the faii embargo.

preamble*	TI7 H ERE A S bis Majefty,	by an order in council bearing date

V V the twenty fixth day of September lajly was pleafed to orier% That an embargo Jhould be laid upon all Jhips and vejfels laden or to be laden, in the ports of Great Britain, with wheat or wheat flour tobe exported to foreign partsy from the date thereof until the fourteenth day 0/* Novemberfollowing: which order could not be jufiified by law, but was fo much for the fervice of the public, and fo nccejfary for tie fafety and prefervation of his Majefifs fubjefts, that it ought to be juftified by aft of parliament; and all perfons advtfing, or afting as* tier, or in obedience to, the fame, indemnified: be it hereby enaded All ^ the King’s molt excellent majefty, by and with the advice o£doMor an<* con®eni °f the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, profecutiont in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the in England or fame, That all perfonal adions and fuits, indidments, informa-Scotland, by tions, and all profecutions and proceedings whatfoever, which adiioiie in'* ^avc bcen» or ftiall be, profecuted or commenced againft any purfuance of ^perfon or perfons, for or by reafon of any ad, matter, or things the recited or- advifed, commanded, appointed, or done, in relation to the pre-derofcpuucils miffes s or of any contract or agreement not performed by means

t7$6.) Anno feptimo Georgii III. c. 8.

of, or ia obedience to, fuch order of council; be, are, and (hall or contra^

be, difcharged and made void by virtue of this act: and that if 11

any adlion or fuit (hall be profccuted or commenced againftany chwged;1"

perfon or perfons, for any fuch ad, matter, or thing, l'o advifed,	*

commanded, appointed, or done, or iuch contradt or agreement

not performed; he, (he^ or they, may plead the General I(Tue, an(j t^e ^

and give this ad, and the fpecial matter, in evidence; and if the tmdant may

plaintiff or plaintiffs in any adion or fuit, fo to be profecuted or pleati t[LcGc,‘

commenced after the laft day of Michaelmas term, one thoufand ncral Iffue’

feven hundred and fixty fix, (hall become nonfuit, or forbear

farther profecution, or fuffer difcontinuance; or if a verdid pafs

againft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants

fhall recover his, her, or their, double cods, for which he, (lie, Double cofts#

9r they, lhall have the like remedy, as in cafes where cods by

law are given to defendants; and if any fuch adion or fuit, as

aforefaid, (hall be commenced or profecuted after the twenty

eighth day of November, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty

Gx, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, the court, before

whom fuch adion or fuit (hall be commenced or profecuted,

(hall allow to the defender the benefit of the difcharge and indemnity hereby provided, and (hall further allow to him his double coda of fuit in all fuch cafes as aforcfiud.

CAP. VIII.

An aft for allowing the importation of oats and oatmeal\ rye and ryemeal, into this kingdom, for a limited time, free of duty.

WHERE A S the importation of oats and oatmeal, rye and rye-mealy into this kingdom, for a limited time, duty free, will be advantageous to this kingdom ; May it therefore pleafe your moji ex-attent Majejly, that it may be enafied; and be it enaded by the King's mod excellent majedy,by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That it frail and may be lawful to and for any perfon or perfons what-fbever, to import into this kingdom, in any (hip or veffel whatsoever, at any time or times before the twenty ninth day of Sep-Umber, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty feven, any oats or oatmeal, rye or ryemeal, without the payment of any fubfidy, cuflom, duty, or impofition whatfoever; and that fuch oats and

Stmeal, rye and ryemeal, may be alfo carried coadwifc under eh regulations as oats and oatmeal, rye and ryemeal, of the growth of this kingdom, are now allowed to be carried coaftwife, at all times before the faid twenty ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty feven; any thing in any former or other a& or adts of parliament to the contrary thereof in any Wife notwithftanding.

II. Provided always, and be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That a due entry fhall be made in fuch manner and farm as were ufed or pradtifea before the making of this adt, of Vo*. XXWI.	Y	all

Preamble.

Oats and oatmeal, rye and ryemeal, allowed to bo imported duty free, at any time before 29 Sept. 1767, and to be carried coaftwife, under certain regulations ;

aud entry to be made thereof at the port of importa* lion*

othefwife to be liable to pay duty.

Preamble, reciting aft i Geo. 3.

Anno fepdmo GeoRGH .III. c. 9.	£1766.

all oats and oatmeal, rye and ryemeal, which (hall be imported or brought into this kingdom by virtue of this a ft before the (aid twenty ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and (ixty (even, at the cuftom-houfe belonging to the port into which the fame (hall be imported or brought in, or otherwife, in default of making fuch entry, fuch oats and oatmeal, rye and ryemeal, (hall be liable and fubjeft to fuch and the fame duties as were payable upon the importation thereof before the making of this aft; any thing in this aft contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. IX.

An aft for obviating doubts which have arifen with refpeftte fo much of an aft made in the firft year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled, (An aft: to amend an aft pafied in the eighteenth year of the reign of King George the fecond, concerning the qualification of ju dices of the peace, and for other purpofes therein mentioned) asdi• refts the taking of certain oaths by juftices of the peace, on the iffuing of any new commiffton of the peace.

WHEREAS doubts have arifen, with refpeft to tie conform* tion of fo much of an aft made in the firjl year of the reign ef his prefent Majefty, intituled, (An aft to amend an aft pafTed in the eighteenth year of the reign of King George the Second, concerning the qualification of juftices of the peace, and for other purpofes therein mentioned) as relates to the taking of certain oaths bj juftices of the peace, on the iffuing of new commiJTms of the peace \ be it therefore enafted and declared by the Kings moll excellent ma-jefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritualand temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, Juftices not anc* by the authority of the fame, That all perfons who have obliged totake been, or (hall be, appointed juftices of the peace, by any commit and fubferibe fi0n or commiftions granted or to be granted by his prefent Ma-inemfoned in an<* ^avc ta^cn an(* fubferibed, or (hall take and fubferibe, the faid aft the °*ths mentioned in the faid aft made in the firft year of his prefent Majefty’s reign; and all perfons, who (hall be appointed juftices of the peace, by any commiflion or commiftions which (hall be granted after his Majefty’s demife, by any of his fuccct fors. Kings or Queens of this realm, and (hall have, after the iffuing of the firft commiflion, whereby fuch perfons (hall be appointed juftices of the peace, in the reign of any fuch Kingor Queen, taken and fubferibed the faid oaths, (hall not be obliged, during the reign of his prefent Majefty, or during any future reign in which fuch oaths (hall have been fo taken and fubferibed as aforefaid, to take and fubferibe the fame oaths, for or byrea-fon of fuch perfons being again appointcdjuftices of the peace by any lubfequent commiflion or commiftions which (hall be granted during any fuch reign; and (hall not incur any penalty or forfeiture for the not taking or fubferibing the faid oaths.

more than once during bis Majefty’s reign, or the reign of any of his fuccel-fon.

CAP.

(j66.] Anno feptimo G£orgii HI* c< io, 11,12!	3T9

CAP. X.

An aft for puniflufig mutiny and defertion; and for th« better payment of the army and their quarters.

CAP. XL

An aft for allowing the importation of wheat and wheat flour, free of duty, from any part of Europe, for a further time than is allowed by an aft made in this feffion of parliamtnt; and for permitting the free importation of barley, barley-mealy andpulfe, into this kingdom, for a limited time.

WHEREAS by an aft pajftdin this fejfton pf parliament, Preamble# the fret importation of wheat and wheat flour from any part /Europe, into this kingdom, is permitted till the firft day ofmzrch, me tboufand /even hundred and fluty /even: and whereas the allowing Iteb importation for a further time, and the permitting the importa-ion of barley, barley~meal, and pulfe 5 that is to fay, peas, beans, ares, and cattivancies, into this kingdom, for a limited time, free of hitf, will be advantageous to his Majeftfs fubjefts; may it therefore leafe your mofl excellent Maiefly, that it may be enafted 5 and be it inafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the dvicc and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and com-nons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the autho* ity of the fame, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for any Barley, bar* icrfonor perfons whatfoever to import into Great Britain, in any ley-meal, and hip orvefiel whatfoever, at any time or times before the firft day pulfc,.allowed if June, one thouland feven hundred and fixty feven, any wheat ^ duty^ee* or wheat flour, and any barley, barley-meal, peas, beans, tares, from any part nrcallivancies, from any part of Europe, without the payment of of Europe, at ny fubfidy, cuftom, duty, or impofition whatfoever; and that t,n?e he fame may alfo at any time before the faid firft day of June, ^ * ■*une* me thoufana feven hundred and fixty feven, be carried Cbaft* rife under fuch regulations as wheat and wheat flour, barley, rarley-meal, peas, beans, tares, and callivancies, of the growth f this kingdom, are now allowed to be carried coaftwife; any hing in any former or other aft or afts of parliament to the ontrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

CAP. XII.

In aft to difeontinue, for a limited time, the duties payable upon the importation of tallow, bogs-lard, and greafe.

ITT’H ERE AS the allowing, for a limited time, the free impor- Preamble,

W tat ion of tallow, hogs-lard, and greafe, may tend to the eafe

f the publick, and advantage of the revenue, by reducing the price,

nd encouraging the confumption, of candles in this kingdom ; be it

herefore enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and

nth the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal,

nd commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the

uthority of the fame, That from and after the twenty fifth day Tallow, hogs-

iMarch, one thoufand (even hundred and fixty feven, no Tub- lard, and

Y 2	fidy,	grc»£

J nufaaurcdiife

320	Anfto	feptimo	Georgii	III.	C.	t	j,	14/15. £i7<>6.

to candles or fidy, cuftom, rate, duty, or other impofition whatfoever, (hall reap,.allowed demanded, collected, received, or taken, upon any tallow, dutyfrM^w hogs-lard,or greafe, unmanufactured into candles or foap, which three years, (hall be imported into this kingdom; but that all fuch tallow, from 35 hogs-lard, and greafe, (hall and may be imported, duty free, for March, 1767 5 the fpace of three years from the faid twenty fifth day of Afarth^ or at any time thereafter before the end of the then next feffion of parliament; any former law, ftatute, or adt or adts of parliv ment, to the contrary notwithftanding. and entry to II* Provided always, and be it further enadted by the autho-bemadethere- rity aforefaid, That a due entry (hall be made of all fuch tallow, of, as ufual, hogs-lard, and greafe, at the cuftom-houfe belonging to the port into which the fame (hall be imported, in fuch manner and form, and exprefling the quantities of fuch tallow, hogs-lard, and greafe, as were ufed and pradtifed before the making of this and landed In adt J and fuch tallow, hogs-lard, and greafe, (hall be landed in the prefence of the prefence of the proper officer or officers of the cuftoms ap-an officer 5 pointed for that purpofe: and if any perfon or perfons, upon the importation of any tallow, hogs-lard, or greafe, (hall not obferve and perform the laid conditions and directions herein before-mentioned ; every fuch perfon (hall be liable to, and pay, fuch and the fame duties as fuch tallow, hogs-lard, and greafe, would have been liable to if this adt had not been made; any thing in this adt contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

III. And be it further enadted by the authority afordaid, That if any adtion or fuit (hall be commenced againft any perfon or perfons for any thing done in purfuance of this adt, the defendant or defendants, in any fuch adtion or fuit, may plead General HTue. the general iflue, and give this adt, and the fpecial matter, ia evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon ; and that the fame ,	was done in purfuance, and by the authority, of this adt: and

if it (hall appear to have been to done, the jury (hall find for tbs defendant or defendants ; and if the plaintiff mall be nonfuited, or difeontinue his adtion, after the defendant or defendants (hall have appeared, or if judgement (hall be given, upon any verdifi or demurrer, againft the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants Treble cofts. (hall and may recover treble cofts, and have the like remedy for the fame, as any defendant or defendants hath or have ih other cafes by law.

otherwife to be liable to pay the duties.

CAP. XIII.

An aft for the regulation of his Majetty's marine forces while on (hare, j CAP. XIV.

An aft for granting an aid to his Majetty by a land tax, to be rmifcd is Great Brttatn, for the fervice of the year one thoufand (even hundred and fixty feven, at % s. in the pound.

CAP. XV.

An ail for giving further time to bis	lieutenant*

deputy.lieutenants, juftues, and clerks of the peace, and

others,

r 766.] Anno fepfimo GeoHOii HL C. 15;	*

ethers, far carrying into execution certain parts of an aB faffed in the loft feffion, for pat and cloathing of the militia ; and for indemnifying fucb lieutenants, deputy lieutenants, and clerks of the peace, and others, who have negr kited to carry fucb parts of the /aid aB into execution.

IT7HEREA Shy an aft made in the left feffion of parliament, Preamble, «t-ff intituled. An aft for applying the money granted in this citing effion of parliament, for defraying the charge of the pay and loathing of the militia of that part of Great Britain called Eng- co*

2nd, for one year, beginning the twenty fifth day of March, me thoufand feven hundred and fixty fix; and for explaining, mending, and, rendering more effeftual, feveral afts of parlia-nent patted in the fecond, fourth, and fifth years of the reign of is prefent Majefty, relating to the railing ana training the militia rithin that part of Great Britain called England; it was enaftei,

,%at his Majefiys lieutenant, or three deputy lieutenants, for every nmtv, riding, or place, within that part of Great Britain called England, where the militia was or Jbould be raifed, Jbould yearly and very year, on or before the twenty fifth day of December, certify be fame to the clerk of the peace, and when and at what time the une was firfl raifed, the number and rank of officers, and the num-nr of private men of the militia, in the year when fucb certificate ms made, and the refpeftive times of fucb militia being trained and ttreifed in the year in which fetch certificate is made j which certifi-1te was thereby direfted to be by the clerk of the peace, who Jbould reive the fame, delivered to the juftices of the peace at their general tarter feffions to be held next after the twenty fifth day of Decem-cr in every year, on the day on which fucb feffions Jbould be opened, td te be there filed amongfi the records of Juch feffions, fo that the ue date of the militia in each county might appear: and it was alfi f the faif aft enaftei. That in every county, riding, or place, wherein f fucb certificate from his Majefifs lieutenant, or three deputy lieu-nants, Jbould be delivered to the clerk of the peace as aforefaid, that a clerk of the peace of every fucb county, riding, or place, Jbould, and as thereby required, at the general quarter feffions of the peace to be f!d next after the twenty fifth day of December in feucb year, to rtify under his hand ana Jcal to the juftices	the peace fo	ajfembled

‘ their faid general quarter feffions, on the . ruch feffions Jbould be sned, that be had not received from bis A. ,f.y's lieutenant of the id eounty, riding, or place, or any three deputy lieutenants thereof,

V fitch certificate as in the faid aft is direfted to be by them made 5 14 fiuch clerk of the peace is thereby direfted to file fetch certificate tytgft the records of fuch feffions: and it is alfo thereby enafted. That every county, riding, and place, in which no certificate Jball be made bis Majefifs lieutenant, or three deputy lieutenants, in manner as trein direfted, and the fame Jbould be certified by the clerk of thq us as aforefaid, the juftices of the peace of every fucb county, rid-ff er place, Jbould, at their Jaid general quarter feffion of the peace b$ bsli next qfter tbs twenty fifth day 0/December in every year,

" 3	rats

Y

It it Geo. t.

Anno feptimo GeoUgii HI. c. 15.	(1766.

fate and ajfefs tbe fum offive pounds per man upon fuch countyi riding* or place, in fuch and the fame manner, according to fuch and the fame proportion* upon every town, parijb, and place, within each re-fpeftive county, riding, or place, ft be colie fted, levied, received, andac-counted for, in fuch manner and by fuch means as the county rates bod been ufuaUy, or might, by an aft made in the twelfth year of the reign of bis late majejly King George the Second, intituled. An ad for. the more eafy affefling, collecting, and levying the county rates, or by the afts of the Jccond, fourth, and fifth years of his prefent Meje-fly's reign, for explaining, amending, and enforcing, the feveral laws relating to the raifing and training the mihtia within that part of Great Britain called England, be ojfejfed» collefted, levied, received, and accountedfor; which faid payment of five pounds per man was thereby declared to be in full difcharge for the negleft and failure of not having raifed and trained the militia for fuch county, riding, or place, for the year then next proceeding 5 and the treafurer or treo-Jur ers of the county, riding, or place, who Jbould receive the find five pounds per man, was and were thereby required to pay the fame to tbe receiver general of tbe land tax for fuch county, riding, or place, ivitbin one calendar month after he or they Jbould have received the fame; and the refpeftive receivers general of the land tax were tbertb) required to give a receipt for the fame to the perfon paying fuch money, wbofe receipt was to be a fufficient difcharge for fuch payment; wind faid receiver general of the land tax was thereby required, within tn days after the receipt thereof, to certify the fame to the lord high tree-furer, or the lords commiffioners of bis Majeftfs treafury for tbe tim being, and pay the fame into the receipt of his Majeftfs Exchequer, is the Jame manner as he is required to pay the land tax; for tbe pep ment of which money fo paid to the receiver general, or into the Exchequer, no fee or gratuity was to be given: and whereas it was by tie faid aft alfo enafted. That fuch clerks of tbe peace of each refpeftm county, riding, or place, Jbould, within fourteen days next after At general quarter fejfions of the peace to be held after the twenty fifA day of December yearly, tranfmit to the lord high treafurer, or At commiffioners of his Majeftfs treafury for the time being, and alft tt the receiver general of the land tax for fuch county, riding, or phct,i ' copy,figned by fuch clerk of the peace, of every certificate which Jbxdi ! have been delivered in purfuance of the faid aft; and in cafe no JuA certificate Jhould have been delivered in, then fuch clerks of the pern were to certify to the lord high treafurer, or to tbe commijjionirs if bis Majeftfs treafury, and alfo to fuch receiver general, that no fuch certificate, from his Majeftfs lieutenant, or any three deputy lieutenants, badbeen receivedby him, and that he had certified tbe fame to tbe juftices of fuch general quarter fe/Tions; and Jhould alfo certify what proceedings were had at fuch general quarter fejfions, in relation to the ajftffing and rating thejaid fum of five pounds per man, where tie fflmtia Jbould not have been raifed in the faid yedr one tboufandfeven | hundred and fixtv fix: and whereas feveral ofhis Majeftfs Sente-tenants, deputy lieutenants, clerks of the peace, juftices of tbe pom, treafurers of counties, andreceivers general of tbe land tax, through \ ignorance of what was required of them by the herein before recited peri j ** ’*"	  *	*	tfj

3*3

17	66."]Anno feptimo Georgii III. c. 15.

of the faid at7, or by the rigour of the feafon at the time the fame was to be carried into execution, or otherwise, may have omitted or negle£kd to do and perform what by the faid part of the faid ait was required of them; be it therefore enafted by the King’s moft excellent ma-jefly, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflem-* bled, and by the authority of the fame. That his Majefty’s lieu- Where the tenant, or three deputy lieutenants, for every county, riding, or ft*[?tiaf^j!L| place, within that part of Great Britain called England, where the for the laft militia was raifed in and for the year one thoufand feven hundred year, hat not and fixty fix, on or before the twenty fifth day of December in wen dulycer-the faid year, and who neglefted or omitted to certify the ftatc	***

thereof for the faid year to the clerk of the peace, in the man- peYce* on or ner in the (aid aft direfted, on or before the faid day, (hall, and before *5 Dec. he or they are hereby required to certify the fame to the clerk of jail, the fame the peace, in the manner in the faid aft direfted, on or before Is *° ** the twenty fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and fore°** °r fixty feven; and fuch certificate, of the ftate of the militia in March, 17671 and for the faid year one thoufand feven hundred and fixty fix, fo made, fhall be, by the clerk of the peace who fhall receive the and tb* » feme, delivered to thejuftices of the peace at their general quar- ^dYYthe ivY" ter feflions to be held next after the faid twenty fifth day of at thcir Marche one thoufand feven hundred and fixty feven, on the day then next ge-on which fuch feflions (hall be opened, to be then filed amongft neral quarter the records of fuch feflions.	an<*

II.	And be it further enafted. That in every county, riding, but where no or place, wherein no fuch certificate from his Maiefty’s lieute- fuch certifi-nant,or three deputy lieutenants, (hall be delivered to the clerk cate (hall be of the peace, on or before the twenty fifth day of March afore- madc* faid, that the clerk of the peace of every fuch county, riding, or

place, (hall, and he is hereby required, at the general quarter

feflions of the peace to be held next after the faid twenty fifth

day of March, to certify under his hand and feal, to the juftices Clerks of the

of the peace aflembled at their faid general quarter feflions, on peace are to

the day fuch feflions (hall be opened, that he hath not received

from his Majefty’s lieutenant of the faid county, riding, or place, g^eiY/nuar-*

or any three deputy lieutenants thereof, any fuch certificate, as in ter feflions,

the (aid aft and this aft is direfted to be by them made, and fuch and file a cer-

clerk of the peace is hereby direfted to file fuch certificates tificate there-

amongft the records of fuch feflions.	°f*

III.	And be it further enafted, That fuch clerks of the peace They arealfo >of each refpeftive county, riding, or place, (hall, within fourteen to tranfmit to

days next after the general quarter feflions of the peace to be held th® treafury, after the faid twenty fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hun- an rcccivcr dred and fixty feven, tranfmit to the lord high treafurer, or the commiflioners of his Majefty’s treafury for the time being, and alfo to the receiver general of the land tax for fuch county, riding, * or place, a copy, figned by fuch clerk of the peace, of every certi- cate^ellvered ficate which (hould have been delivered in purfuance of this aft ; in purfuanc* and in cafe no fiich certificate (hall be delivered in on or before of this aft % the faid twenty fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred

Y 4	and

general of the land tax,

1

?.ml where none are de-Jivr\ fd, to ct rtify the fame,

with the pro-

324	Anno	feptimo	Georgia	III.	c.	15;	[1766.

and fixty feven, then fuch clerks of the peace (hall certify to the Ifjui high treasurer, or the commiflioners of bis Majefty’g treat-fury. aii.i alfo to fuch receiver, that no fuch certificate from hi* Majefty’s lieutenant, or any three deputy lieutenants, had been received by him, and that he had certified the fame to the juftices of fuch general quarter feffions; and (hall alfo certify what proceedings were had at fuch general quarter fefiions, iq ttr dings of the relation to the afieffing and rating the faid fum of five pounds iWfioi: 1 elar- per man, where the militia was not raifed in the faid year one inc to the af- thoufand feven hundred and fixty fix.

roadethere- C IV. And it is hereby further enaded, That in every county, upon,	riding,	and place, in which no certificate (hall be made, on or

before the faid twenty fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty feven, by his Majefty’s lieutenant, or three deputy lieutenants, in manner as therein and herein dire&ed, and thr. fame (hall be certified by the clerk of the peace afore-faid, the juftices of the peace for every fuch county, riding, or | place, (hall, at their faid general quarter fefiion of the peace to | be held next after the twenty fifth day of Manh, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty ieven, rate and afifefs the fum of five pounds per man upon fuch county, riding, or place, in fuch arid the fame manner, according to fuch and the fame proportions upon every town, parifh, and place, within each refpec-nropurtions as tjve county, riding, or place, to be colleded, levied, received, s*tesi°Unt; y;,d accounted for, in fuch manner, and by fuch means, as the couLuy rates have been ufually, or may, by an ad made in the by ad is Geo. twelfth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the s.or by ads Second, intituled, An aft for the more eafy affejjfmg, collefting, and levying, the county rates; or by the ads of the fecond, fourth, and fifth years of his prefent Majefty’s reign, for explaining, amending, and enforcing, the feveral laws relating to the raiding and training the militia within that part of Great Britain called England, be afiefled, colleded, levied, received, and accounted for; which faid payments of five pounds per man (hall, and is hereby declared to be, in full difeharge for the negkd and failure of not having raifed and trained the militia for fuch county, riding, or place, in and for the year one thoufand feven hundred and fixty fix; and the treafurer or treafurers of the county, riding, or place, who (hall receive the laid five pounds to thc receiver per man, is and are hereby required to pay the fame to the rer pneral of the ceiver general of the land tax for fuch county, riding, or place, land tax \	within one calendar month after he or they lhall receive the

fame; and the refpedtive receivers general of the land tax are hereby required to give a receipt for the fame to the perion paying fuch money, whofe receipt (hall be a fufficient difeharge *b° >• ccr“ for fuch payment; which faid receiver general of the land tax is t'o the ^trtafn- hereby required, within ten days after the receipt thereof, to certify the fame to the lord high treafurer, or the lords com* miflioners of his Majefty’s treafury for the time being, and pay the fame into the receipt of bis Majefty’s exchequer, in thefamp manner 99 he is required to pay the land tax; for the payment

The alfcff-ments are to be made, &c. iu the fame manner and

a, & 5 Geo. S-

Treafurer of the county to pay the fame

ry; and pay over the money into the Rxhequer.

ij66.] Anno feptimo Georgii III. c. 15,	525

ment of which money, fo paid to the receiver general, or into the exchequer, no fee or gratuity whatfoever (hall be given.

V.	Provided always, and be it enaded by the authority afore- If any part

laid. That if any part of the (aid ad herein before recited, hath, °i}^e before the faid twenty fifth day of March, one thoufand feven fc*c ,-hJvfar. hundred and fixty feven, been begun to be carried into execu- I767, been faction by the clerk of the peace, or juftices of the peace in their gpn to be car-general quarter fefiions, of and in any county, riding, or place, ric4 mt° ***• wherein the militia was not raifed in the year one thoufand fe- deAi^tlm ven hundred and iixty fix, and hath not been totally and final- peace, or ju-ly carried into execution by them, or either of them, before, ftices, where at, or after, the twenty fifth day of December, one thoufand fe- thc militia yen hundred and fixty fix, in the manner, and at the times, in	du	y

the faid ad directed; then, and in fuch cafe, fuch clerk of the ' peace, and juftices of the peace in their general quarter fefiions,	%

(hall proceed to cany this ad into execution, in the fame cany this aft manner as if nothing had been done in purfuance of, and obe- intoexecution. dience to, the faid ad herein before recited.

VI.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That P^fons who all and every lieutenant, deputy lieutenant, clerk of the peace, ™Ca^rt£d and all and every other perfon or perfons, who ncgleded or qufred to be .omitted to do and perform any ads, matters, or things, re- done by the quired of them by the faid before in part recited ad, or within recited ad9 the refpedive times in the faid ad mentioned, direded, appointed, and limited, for the doing and performing thereof,

and who (hall do and perform fuch ads, matters, and things, at or within the refpedive times in this ad mentioned, dired- performing cd, appointed, and limited, for the doing thereof, (hall be, the fame with-and he and they is and are hereby indemnified, freed, and dif- J£rcin Hmit. charged, from and againft all fuits, adions, indidments, and ed $ informations, and from and againft all penalties, forfeitures, are indemni-incapacities, and difabilities, incurred, for or by reafon of fuch fied. peeled or omi(fion as afbrefaid.

VII.	Provided always. That nothing herein contained (hall Indemnity not extend, or be conftrued to extend, to indemnify any lieutenant, to extend^to . deputy lieutenant, clerk of the peace, or any other perfon or

perfons who (hall negled or omit to receive, deliver, file, fi]jng fejtig. make, record, or tranfmit, fuch certificates, as are by this ad cat$t direded to be received, delivered, filed, made, recorded, or , tranfmitted, pr by any other means, negled the execution of or executing this ad, according to the true intent and meaning thereof. thif

VIII.	And be it further enaded. That the faid in part recited Theredted

?d, and every daufe, matter, and thing, therein contained (ex- ad to remain cept the allowance of further time for doing, performing, and *n^?rce! *5* executing, fuch parts thereof, as are mentioned and fet forth in	of

this ad, and the indemnification herein before-mentioned) further time, pull, to all intents and purpofes, be and remain in as full and indemm-fpree as if this ad had not been made.	fications, be-

IX.	And be it further enaded. That in cafe any adion, ^re-mcnbon-fuit, bill of indidment, or information, (hall, from and after p^nsfiied pie paffing of this a&, be brought, carried on, or profecuted, may plead the

5	againft	general iffue.

326	Ajno feptimo Georgii III. c. 16.	[1766:

againft any perfon or perfons hereby meant, or intended to be indemnified, re-capacitated, or reftored, for or on account of any forfeiture, penalty, incapacity, or disability whatsoever, incurred, or to be incurred, by any fuch negleft or omiffion; fuch perfon or perfen9 may plead the general ifliie, and, upon their defence, give this aft and the Special matter in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon.

CAP. XVI.

An aftfor raifing a certain fum of money by loans or Exchequer bills, for the fervice of the year one tboufand feven bun-and fixty feven.

Mod gracious Sovereign,

Preamble, \\T ^our Majejly's mojl dutiful and loyal fubjefts, the cm-VV mom of Great Britain, in parliament affembled, towards raifing the necejfary fupplies which we have cbearfully granted to your Majejly in this feffion of parliament, have rtfolved to give and grant unto your Majejly the fum herein after mentioned; and do therefore mojl humbly befeech your Majejly, that it may be enabled \ and be it enafted by the King's molt excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords Spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the fame, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the commiffioners of his Majefty’s treafury now or for the Treafurv im- time being, or any three or more of them, or. the high trea-poweredto furer for the time being, at any time or times before the not ending ^ JauuaiJ, onc tboufand feven hundred and fixty ,,800,0001.'S eight, t0 caufe or direct any loans to be taken or received og by loans or his Majefty’s Exchequer, from any perfon or perfons, natives. Exchequer	or foreigners, body or bodies politick or corporate, or any num-

bi,hJ	ber of Exchequer bills to be made out there, for any fum or

fums of money, not exceeding in loans and Exchequer bills in the fame	together, in the whole, the fum of one million eight hundred

manner ashy thoufand pounds; in the fame or like manner, form, and or-the malt aft der, and according to the fame or like rules and directions, as of this feffion in and by an aft of this prefent feflion of parliament, intituled, jtn aft j'or continuing and granting to bis Majejly certain duties up-lowis^rEx-° on ma^s mum* cyder, and perry, for the fervice of the year one chequer bills thoufand feven hundred andfixty [even, are enafted and prescribed, thereby au- concerning the loans or Exechequer bills to be taken or made thorized to be jn purfuance of the faid aft.

takenorma e. jj	^	jt	furt^er	ena(qed	by	the authority aforefaid,

Tbe claufe. in all and every the claufes, provifoes, powers^ privileges, relating to advantages, penalties, forfeitures, and disabilities, contained in lpans or bills, the faidlaft-mcntioned aft, relating to the loans or Exchequer bills authorized to be made by the fame aft (except fuch claufes as do charge the fame on the taxes grantea by the fame aft, and except fuch claufes as limit the rate of intereft to be paid extended to f°r l^c forbearance of money lent on the credit of the (aid aft* (his aft. and alfo except a* is herein after mentioned) (hall be applied

and

3*7

1766.] .Anno ieptitno Georgii III. c. i(«

and extended to the loans and" Exchequer bills to be made in purfuance of this ad, as fully and effedually, to all intents and purpofes, as if the fame loans or Exchequer bills had been originally authorized by the faid laft-mentioned ad, or as if the laid feveral daufes or provifoes had been particularly repeated and re-enacted in the body of this ad.

III.	Provided always, and be it further enaded by the autho- Exchequer. rity aforefaid. That no Exchequer bill or bills to be made out hill* fo iffued* by virtue of this ad, (hall, after the fame hath or have been aeahi iflued at the Exchequer, be afterwards, at any time before the jn payment of fixth day of Aprils one thoufand feven hundred and fixty eight, any taxes, received or taken, or pafs or be current, to any receiver or col-

ledor in Great Britain of the cuftoms, excife, or any revenue, fupply, aid, or tax whatfoever, due or payable to his Majefty, his heirs, or fucceflors, or at the receipt of the Exchequer, from any fuch receiver or colledor, or from any other perfon or per-fons, bodies politick or corporate, otherwife or on any other account than for the difcharge and cancelling of fuch bills, in cafe the fame (hall be in due courfe or order of payment, before the faid fixth day of April: nor (hall any fuch receiver or col-ledor exchange, at any time before the faid fixth day of Aprils April, 2768. for any money, of fuch revenues, aids, taxes, or fupplies, in his hands, any Exchequer bill or bills which (hall have been ififued as aforefaid by virtue of this ad; nor (hall any adion be maintained againft any fuch receiver or colledor for negleding of refilling to exchange any fuch bill or bills for ready money, before the faid fixth day of April; any thing in the faid ad made in this prefent feffion of parliament, intituled. An aft for continuing and granting to his Majefty certain duties upon malt, mum9 cyder, and perry, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and fixty feveny or this ad, contained to the contrary not-withftanding.

IV.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Tho money fo That all fuch loans or Exchequer bills, together with the in- to be tereft, premium, rate, and charges, incident to or attending the ^enext'w-fame, (hall be, and are hereby charged and chargeable upon, liamentary and (hall be repaid or borne by or out of the firft aids or fup- aid* j

plies which (hall be granted in the next feffion of parliament; and in cafe fufficient aids or fupplies, for that purpofe, (hall not >f none be be granted before the fifth day of July, one thoufand feven jJjf" hundred and fixty eight, then all the faid loans or Exchequer \^%9 bills, with the filtered, premium, rate, and charges, incident then to be to or attending the fame, (hall be, and are hereby charged and charged on the chargeable upon fuch monies as, at any time or times at or af- finking fund# ter the faid fifth day of July, (hall be or remain in the receipt of the Exchequer, of the furplufies, exceiles, overplus monies, and other revenues, compofing the fund commonly called The Jinking fund (except fuch monies of the faid finking fund as cat appropriated to any particular ufe or ufes by aiiy ad or ads of parliament in that behalf;) and fuch monies of tne (aid fink-ing fund (hall and (nay be ifiued and applied, as foon as the thereodf.

$	fw>9

* ?*8

Monies fo if-fued, to be replaced out of the firft flip-plies.

Bank of England authorized to advance the faid fum on the credit of this a&{

jMtwithftand-

ingsft 5 &6

W.*M.

Preamble.

Where the

militia is or Jhall be raided, the receiver

Anno feptimo GkoRgii IH. c. i^.'	[1766;

fame can be regularly ftated arid afeertained, for and towards paying off, cancelling, and diCharging, fuch loans or exchequer bills, intereft, premium, rate, or charges, until the whole of them (hall be paid off, cancelled, and difcharged, or money fufficient for that purpofe be kept and referved in the exchequer, to be payable on demand to the refpeftive proprietors thereof.

V.	Provided always, and be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. That whatever monies (hall be fo iffued out of the faid (urpluffes, exceffes, overplus monies, or other revenues, compofing the finking fund, (hall, from time to time, be replaced by and out of the firft fupplies to be then after granted hi parliament; any thing herein contained to the contrary not-withftanding.

VI.	And be it declared and further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be lawful for the governor and company of the bank of England, to advance or lend to hit Majefty, in like manner, at the receipt of the exchequer, upon the credit of loan granted by this aft, any fum or Turns of money, not exceeding in the whole the fum of one million eight hundred thoufand pounds; any thing in an aft made in the fifth and fixth years of the reign of King IVWiam and Queen Maey, intituled. An aft for granting to their Majejliesfeveral rates anddu-ties upon tonnage of jhips and vejfels, and upon beer* ale$ and other liquors, for fecuring certain recompenses and advantages in the faid aft mentioned, to fuch perfons as /ball voluntarily advance the fum of one million five hundred thoufand pounds, towards carrying on the war againfl France, to the contrary thereof in any wife not* withftanding.

CAP. XVII. jtn aft for defraying the charge of the fay and chatting of the militia in that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning the twenty fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty feven; for the man effeftually punifhing ferjeants, drummers, and fifers9 for mijbehaviour and defertion ; for fecuring deferters from the militia regiments; and for explaining and amending fo much of an aft paffed in the laft feffion of parliament, as relates to inlifiing militia men into bis Majefty's other forces.

tTT HE REAS it is neccjfary that provijion Jhould be made for V V defraying the charge of the pay and cloathing for the militia, in that part of Great Britain called England, for one year9 from the twenty fifth day of March, one thoujandfeven hundred ana fixty feven; be it therefore enafted by the King’s mod excellent maiefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament if* fembled, and by the authority of the lame. That in every coun-

2f9 riding, or place, within that part of Great Britain called ngland) where the militia if or Inal} be raifed, the receiver or

rr»m»

1766.I	Anno (eptimo GeoSgiI HI. c. tf.	$4gl

receivers general of the land tax of £uch county, riding or place general of the refpedtivdy, (hall iffue and pay the whole fums required, in the manner, and for the feveral ufes herein after-mentioned; that £ ad-, is to fay, for the pay of the laid militia for four calendar vancc,*Gcord» months in advance, at the rate of fix (hillings a day for each adjutant, where an adjutant is appointed 5 and at the rate of one ^

(hilling for each ferjeant, with the addition of two (hillings °cldown, and Ex pence a week for each ferjeant major, where a ferjeant major is appointed; and at the rate of fix pence a day for each drummer, with the addition of fix pence a dav for each drum major, where a drum major is appointed; ana alfo at the rate of fix pence a month for each private man and drummer, for defraying the contingent expences of each regiment, battalion, and independant company of militia, one penny whereof (hall be applied for defraying the hofpital expences of each regiment, battalion, or independant company, during the time of the mens being from home, upon account of their annual exercifp; and alfo for half a year’s falary for the clerk of each regiment with half a or battalion of militia belonging to fuch county, riding, or year’s falarf place, at the rate of fifty pounds a year 5 and alfo for the ref- ^emd'antt pedtive allowances to the clerk of the general meetings, and battalion clerks of the feveral fub-divifion meetings, at the rates follow- clerks; ing; that is to fay, To the clerk of the general meetings, at the theallow-rate of five pounds five (hillings for each meeting; and to the *icrk* of^be feveral clerks of the fub-divifion meetings, at the rate of one general and pound one (hilling for each meeting; and alfo for the cloath- lubdivifion mg of the militia for fuch county, riding, or place, after the meetings; rate of three pounds ten (hillings for each ferjeant, and pounds for each drummer, with the addition of one pound for£j,c each ferjeant major, and each drum major; and with refpedt to the private militia men, where the militia hath been embodied, or having not been embodied, hath not been cloathed within three years, at the rate of one pound ten (hillings for each private man.

II. Provided neverthelefs. That in any county, riding, or The above place, where pay has not yet been iflued tor the militia, no pay fums are not (hall beifiued until his Majefty’s lieutenant, or, in his abfence,to any three deputy lieutenants, of any fuch county, riding, or KeLre been place, (hall have certified to the commiflioners of his Majefty’s iflued, till the treafury, and to the receiver general of the land tax, that three Id. lieut.or fifths of the number of private militia men of fuch county, deputies feall riding, or place, have been inrolled, and that three fifths of the to th/^fu-proportion of their commiflion officers have accepted tfeeir com- ry and receiv-miflions, and entered their qualifications as by law required. ers general

the inrolment of 3 fifths of the men and officers..

IIL And be it enaded. That all fuch fums of money afore- The money is (aid,, except fuch as (hall be due to the feveral clerks of the [^receiver meetings aforefaid, and except fuch as (hall be due on account ^neraTtcTthe of cloathing, (hall, where the militia has never been embodied, clerk of the be paid by the faid receiver or receivers general of the land tax, regiment or, into the hands of the clerk or clerks of the regiments or batta- *Jatulio,i - ,

lions (e*ceptthcaI-

refpe&ive captains, or to ] their order)

according to the eftabmh • ment laid down in the

330	Anno	feptimo	GeoAgii	III.	c.	17;	[1766.

lowancct to lions of militia belonging to fuch county, riding, or place, upon the clerks of his or their producing his or their warrant or warrants of ap-fwn™Sw. pointment to fuch office, under the hand and feal of his Ma-ingthe war-" jefty’s lieutenant for fuch refpedtive county, riding, or place; rant of his and where the militia has been embodied, idto the hands of the appointment; clerk or clerks of the regiments or battalions, upon his or their producing his or their warrant or warrants of appointment to fuch office, under the hand and feal of the colonel, or, where there is no colonel, of the commanding officer of each regiment or battalion refpedlively, notwithftanding fuch militia (hall have and for inde- been difcmbodied; and where the militia (hall be formed into pendant com- an independant company, or independant companies, fuch fums as aforefaid (hall be paid by the faid receiver or receivers general ~	) of the land tax, into the hands of the refpedtive captain of each

independant company of militia, or to fuch perfon as fuch refpedtive captain (hall authorize to receive the lame, according to the number of perfons hereby intitled to receive pay and cloath-ing, of which fuch regiment or regiments, battalion or battalions, independant company or independant companies, (hail have been appointed to confift, according to the eftablifoment laid down in an adt palled in the fecond year of the reign of his pre-fent Majefty, intituled, An oft to explain, amend, and reduce into miUitiaaftof cne v parliament y the feveral laws now in being, relating to the % Geo. 3. railing and training the militia within that part of Great Britain A fecond pay-ca“£d England; and fuch receiver or receivers general of the mentis alfo to land tax (hall alfo, within fourteen days after the expiration of be made with- the third calendar month from the time of the faid firft payment, ma^e a	payment	for four calendar months in advance;

andathird5 an<* ^all a^°>	fourteen	days	after	the	expiration of the

within three three calendar months from the time of the faid fecond payment, make a third payment for four calendar months in advance, for the pay and contingent expences of the militia, and for the allowances to the regimental or battalion clerk or clerks aforefaid, in the proportions herein before mentioned; and the receipts of SVpcrSbnito fuch clerk or clerks, and of fuch captain of an independant com-whom the mo pany, or captains of independant companies, or of fuch perfon ney (bail be fo or perfons as fuch captain or captains (hall fo authorize to re-ceive fuch money as aforefaid, foall be a fufficient difeharge to fuch receiver or receivers general of the land tax for the feveral Turns of money fo by him or them paid.

IV.	And be it enabled, That the clerk of each regiment or battalion of militia foall forthwith, after the receipt of fuch fums of money as aforefaid, pay, or caufe to be paid, one calendar month’s pay in advance to the adjutant of fuch regiment or battalion refpedfively; and to the captain or commanding officer of each company belonging to fuch regiment or battalion, two months pay in advance for the ferjeants, drummers, and the contingent expences of his refpedtive company; out of which ^ continEcnt money each captain foall pay to the commanding for the kt- ’ officer of each regiment or battalion one penny a month for each jeants, drum- private man and drummer, for the defraying the expences of the

hofpital;

months after the fecond.

Receipts of

general.

The regimental and battalion clerics are to pay in advance one month's pay to the adjutant; and «

Anho feprimo GeoroiI III. c. *7.

; and alfo to the commanding officer of the company to men,and con. he feijeant major and drum major (hall belong, two tingent expay in advance for fuch ferjeant and drum major; and pence* of the time to time fo lone as any money on that account (hallla,d c?raP*ny» in his hands: which pay every (uch captain or com- for each g officer is hereby required to attribute to each perfon id. per month jg to his company, by this ad intitled to receive the out of the conit (hall become due; and (hall, once in every year, give tln*ent m®: ■ e clerk of the regiment or battalion to which (uch com- chargeTof the all belong, or, if captain of an independant company, to hofpitai j aver general, on account of the feveral payments he (hall and for the ade in purfuance of this ad, according to the following

major j to be

be commanding officer of the company to which they belong: captains to di-the pav accordingly$ and account for the fame yearly to thederk, or receiver-ge-m mdependant company, according to the following form j

Ptr Contra Cr.

Paid ferjeant for days pay from the of	to the	of

following —- —

Ditto as ferjeant major (if one in the company)

Paid ferjeant for days pay from the of to the	of

following —- —

Paid	drummer

days at fix pence, from the of to the of following ——

Ditto as drum major (if one in the company)

Paid	drummer

days from the of # to the of following Two months contingen- -j cies for men and f two drummers, at fix f pence per month each J

•

iall pay back to the faid clerk, or to the receiver general, and pay bade cafe (hall be, the furplus (if any) of the money by him thc (urplus ime to time received, and then remaining in nis hands t the money by this ad allowed for contingent expences) the contingent (hall once m every year be accounted for by the captain expences, i company refpedively, in manner aforefaid, and the ba- which isitobe hereof (hall be by him paid into the hands of the clerk ofaccountedforf ;iment or battalion to which fuch company (hall belong, ppliedto the general ufe of the faid regiment or battalion, and applied to field officers and captains thereof, or the greater part of thfc 6*""^ _ (hall dired; and the captain of each independant com-1 hereby required to diftribute to each perfon belonging to Captains of apany intitled thereto, fuch money as he (hall receive by mdependant

virtue

y of

Cr.

received of Mr.'l regimental or / ion clerk, or re-generaljOJ/Atari >for two montns 1 advance. — J



cife, they are to certify the fame to the receiver ge-

■332	Anno	feptirao GeoROII IIL c. 17.	[1766.

compuiiet to virtue of this a£t; and the' faid money allowed for the contin-wthdr Sent expences of each independant company of militia, (hall be nwn, and ap- refpeftively applied to the particular ufe of fuch independant ply the mo-^ company, by the captain thereof, ney allowed for contingent expencet.

Clerk to retain V. And be it ena&ed. That the faid regimental or battalion money in hi* clerk may and (hall retain to his own ufe out of the money /□ hands for hit by him received, fuch further fums as (hall complete the allow* m “ry* ance herein before made for his falary.

When the Ida	VI. And be it further enaded. That whenever his Majefly's

"mi* SaflC" ^eutcnant> or any three or more deputy lieutenants of any Eavefixed the county* riding, or place, (hall have fixed the days of exercife for days of exer- the militia, he or they (hall, as foon as may be, certify the fame to the receiver general of fuch county, riding, or place, fpecify-ing the number of men, and the number of days fuch men are to be abfent from home on account of fuch exercife; and fuch

______receiver general is hereby required, within fourteen days after

neral, fpecify- the receipt of fuch certificate, to iflue and pay to the clerk of the ing the nura-feverai regiments or battalions, at the rate of feven (hillings and and day^they Pence Per day for the captain of each company, and at the lhall be ' abfent Kite of three (hillings and fix pence per day for each lieutenant, from home, and of three (hillings per day for each enfign; and alfo at the Receiver ge- ^te Qf one (hilling per day for each private militia man, with thereu^n pay Edition °f pence per day for each corporal of the militia, for officer ^ fo to be called out to exercife, for the number of days fuch offi-and men cers and men (hall be abfent from home on account of fuch ex-totbe reei- ercife; and in fuch counties where there (hall be independant mental clerk, C001pan;es only, the receiver general of each fuch refpedlive Where there county (hall iflue and pay to the captains of the independant lhall be inde- companies, at the rate of feven (hillings and fix pence per day pendant com- for each captain, three (hillings and fix pence per day for each the rtcehler ^cutenant> a°d l^ree Shillings per day for each enfign; and alfo generafis to at rate °f one billing P€r day for each private militia man, iflue pay to with the addition of fix pence per day for each corpora] of the the captains, militia, fo to be called out to exercife, for the number of dayi according to fuch officers and men (hall be abfent from home on account of down. ^ fuch exercife5 and the faid regimental or battalion clerks are Clerk to pay hereby required forthwith to pay the proportion of pay belong-over the mo- ing to each captain of the faid regiments or battalions, the pro-nevto the rc-p^ion 0f pay belonging to each captain, and likewife the pay geAtve cap- belonging t0 their refpedlive companies.

Captains to VII. And be it further enadted, That the captain of each make up theircompany (hall make up an account of all monies received and account ac- pajd by him on account of fuch exercife, according to the fol-S^^lowingfonn: faint	County	of

Dr.

Per Contra

Cr.

To ca(h received of the regimental or bat talion clerk, or receiver general, as the emfe/ball be, for days pay of men

a

I Paid

militia men days

[ Paid additional pay to corporals days

Which

1766.] Anno feptimo Georgii III. c. ijl	33%

Which account (hall be figned by the faid captain, and coun- to be figned terfigned by the commanding officer; and fuch captain (hall, countofiened within ten days after the time of fuch exercife, deliver fuch ac- by tbc c^m count, and pay the balance, if there be any due, to the regi- mantling of-mental or battalion clerk; onif captain of an indcpendant com- Acer, pany, to the receiver generar^md fuch accounts (hall be allow-ed as fufficient vouchers in the paffing of the accounts of fuchJancc> tothe receiver general, at the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer. clerk,’or receiver general. Accounts allowed fufficient vouchers.

VIII.	Provided always, and be it enadted, That where any During the regiment, battalion, or independant company of militia, is or time the (hall be embodied, and called out into adtual fervice, and there- troops are by the officers and private militia men are or (hall be intitled to em^odnC j* the fame pay as the officers and private men in his Majefty’s iannt0Caaual0U other regiments of foot receive, all pay from the receiver or re- fervice, and ceivers general of the land tax for the county, riding, or place, receive pay as to which fuch regiment, battalion, or independant company oftb*Ki*l8’# militia (hall belong, whether to the adjutants, ferjeants, private

militia men, or others; and all money allowed as aforefaid for allowances the contingent expences of fuch regiment, battalion, or inde- from the re-pendant company of militia; and alfo the allowance to the clerk c®jv.e^, 8e”V of fuch regiment or battalion; (hall, during fuch time of adtualral “10 cc c# fervice, and until fuch regiment, battalion, or independant company, (hall be difembodied, and return home by order of their commanding officers, ceafe and not be paid.

IX.	And be it enadted, That the faid receiver or receivers of Receivers ge-the land tax (hall pay to the clerk of the general meetings his al- to Pay Iowa nee, at the rate of five pounds five (hillings for each meet- a„ces toderki ing, upon his producing an order or orders for that purpofe0f thegene-from his Majefty’s lieutenant, or from three deputy lieutenants ral meetings, aflembled at fome general meeting or meetings; and (hall aIfoand*° tbc, pay to each and every of the clerks of the fubdivifion meetings

their feveral allowances, at the rate of one pound one (hilling meetings, for each meeting, upon his or their producing an order or orders upon produc-from one or more deputy lieutenant or deputy lieutenants, af- jpg or^er* fembled in the feveral fubdivifion meetings; which faid order or ^nTntor dep" orders (hall be to the faid receiver or receivers general of the lieutenants. land tax, a fufficient difeharge for the payment of fuch allow- Orders to dif-ances, and be allowed in his or their account.	charge receiv-

X.	Provided always, and be it enadted, That the clerk ofcr# IF11*1*!-each regiment or battalion of militia, (hall give fecurity to the Regimental receiver or receivers general of the land tax of the county, riding,

or place, to which fuch regiment or battalion (hall belong, by fecurity far a bond to his Majefty in the penalty of one half of the fum re- paying and quired for the whole year’s charge of the regiment or battalion accouotingfor of militia to which fuch clerk (hall belong, for duly anfwering receWedb* and paying fuch fums as he (hall, from time to time, have re- [bem-	*

ceived, and for duly accounting for the fame, and for perfor- 1 xnance of the truft hereby in him repofed; which faid bond the bonds to (hall be lodged in the hands of the receiver or receivers general be lodged with of the land tax for the refpedtive county, riding, or place, who,tbc receivers

Voi. XXVII.	*	m	and

in1

334	Anno	feptimo	Georgii	III. c. 17.

put in fuit by in cafe the faid regimental or battalion clerk (hall not

«^raiance ^orm conditions comprized in the faid bond, (ha

of the condi- hereby required forthwith to put the faid bond in (

tionj	name of his Majefty, his heirs, and fuccefiors; the

and they are and charges of which fuit, in cafe judgement (hall be

2*^^ foUC	regimental	or	battalion	clerk,	(hall	be	paic

coSb and t0 the kid receiver or receivers genend of the land

charges, (hall likewife be intitled to, and receive to his or their

and 5I. per at the rate of five pounds per centum out 6f all fuch 1

cent, of the (hall be by him or them recovered thereon; and (ha]

▼ered^ fCC°* f°r the rendue thereof with the proper auditor of his

therefidueto revenue; the (aid receiver or receivers general of thi

be accounted charging himfelf or themfelves therewith, upon the

for to the au- count of the land tax to be by him or them pafled.

TbtTregi- XI. And be it enabled. That the clerk of every rej

mental and battalion of militia, and the captain of every independ

pany of militia, in every county, riding, and place, v

part of Great Britain aforefaid, (hall, between the tw

day of March and the twenty fourth day of June, one

feven hundred and (ixty feven, deliver to the receiver or

are to deliver general of the land tax for the county, riding, or

in accounts of which fuch regiment, battalion, or independant comp

anddifourfe- ^long, a fair account in writing, of all monies by hin

ments, and disburfed for the fervice of the preceding year, in |

and pav over of this alt, with proper vouchers for the Tame; and

the bafance toback to the faid receiver or receivers general of the the receivers

battalion clerks, and captains of independant companies,

general { who are to tranfmit the accounts into the auditor's office.

Recovery of penalties, See.

general

any furplus of fuch monies that (hall then be in hi; which faid accounts (igned by fuch regimental or clerk, or by (uch captain of an independant compan tively, (hall be tranfmitted by the faid receiver or rece neral of the land tax, into the office of the proper a his Majefty’s revenue.

XII.	Provided always, and be it enabled. That all 1 all cofts and charges of fuit, and all fums of money, I any perfon or perfons is or are by this aft made anfwera and (hall be recovered in any or his Majefty’s courts < at Wejiminfter, by adtion of debt, bill, plaint, or info wherein no efloin, wager at law, or protedtion, or a one imparlance, (hall be allowed.

XIII.	Provided always, and be it enacted. That n gratuity whatfoever (hall be given or paid for or upon of any warrant or fum of money which (hall be ifiued tion to, or in purfuance of, this adt.

No fee payable for any warrant or fum of money ifliied in purfuance of this adt.

Officers on XIV. Provided always, and be it enadted, That an half-pay ferv- being on half-pay, and ferving in the militia, (hall a m§itia! may an<* *ie *s hereby impowered to receive and tgjte the fub receive’ the money by this adt diredted to be paid to captains, lieu fobfiftence- or enfigns; and the receiving and taking fuch fubfiftence money paya- by any fuch captain, lieutenant, or enfign, (hall not be Muutorcn- * receiving or taking pay, fo as in any manner topiw

Anno feptfmo Georgii III. c. 17.	'335

on half-pay receiving his half-pay; and fach pcrfon they taking ce the following oath before fome juftice of the peace, n»e following hereby impowered to adminifter the fame;	$!«.	*

1.	do Jwear, That I bad net, between the	any The oath,

• or employment of profit, civil or military, under bit Ma-Hdes eny allowance of half pay at a reduced	in

late regiment of	fave and except my fub-

't a lieutenant or enftgn, as the cafe may be, for ferving in ia of the county of

1

i taking the faid oath (hall be fufficient to intitle fuch perceive his half-pay, without taking any other oath; any ige, orcuftom, to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, Recover ge-le receiver general of the land tax, fo foon as he (hall	warl

I	warrant under the hand of the colonel or commanding rant from the" f their refpedive regiments or battalions, certifying the commanding >f the doathing, and an order from the faid colonel or officer, certi-iding officer for the money due on account of the fame, £apfoftte~ to the perion or perfons who furnilhed the faid cloath- doathing, and

II	pay the fum mentioned in fuch order to the perfon an order for

to receive the fame; and fuch warrant and order, t<% payment, is to rith the receipt of the perfon receiving the faid money, ac^MinS^* a fufficient difcharge to (uch receiver general.	#

And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, If any regi-cafe any regiment, battalion, or independant company, JJ1*1}1*

St and determine, during the continuance of this adf, dienafa^i of three (hillings per dim (hall be paid to fuch perfon be paid to the ftually ferved as adjutant to fuch regiment, battalion, or adjutant from Jant company, from the time fuch regiment, battalion,	10

endant company (hall ceafe, to the twenty fifth day *Lg.arCh’ one thoufand feven hundred and fixty eight.

•	And whereas by an adfc made in the laft feflion of par- Ctaufe in the it is enadied. That any militia man inlifting himfelf the.

f of his Majefty’s other forces, (hall, over and above jng^o’irilftia alty or punimment to which any fuch militia man was man inlifting ie deemed to be legally inlifted, and (hould, from the in any of the nhich his engagement to ferve in the militia (hould end, pn8,§ is a foldier to luch corps of his Majefty’s other forces forcct» ch he (hall have inlifted, and (hould, till regularly dif-, be liable to all the duties of a foldier, and to all pains alties inflidted by the adt for punifhing mutiny and de-and the better payment of the army and their quarters: seas the faid provifion hath been found very inconveni-d prejudicial to the militia fervice; be it therefore by the authority aforefaid. That the faid recited provi- repealed.

II be and is hereoy repealed.

IL And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. Recruiting cafe any officer, ferjeant, or other perfon recruiting for Pfrl£! ***** inlift and ferve in his Majefty’s other forces, (hall,

Z 2	axv>|

336	Anno feptimo Georgii III. c. 17.	[1^

iniifting mili- any time from and after the pafling of this aft, wilfully tia men j knowingly inlift any perfon who, at the time of filch inl^ (hall be inrolled ana engaged to ferve in any regiment, batfc>-or independant company of militia, in that part of Great & fuch inliftina called England, every fuch inlifting ftiall be deemed nvjf deemed void, void; and in cafe any militia man (hall, at any time from after the pafling of this alt, deny to any officer, feijeats 1 other perfon recruiting for men to inlift and ferve in his j Militiaman jefty’s other forces, that he is, at the time of his offering rc denying, at lift, a militia man then actually inrolled and engaged to fen (wbich the faid officer, ferjeant, or other perfon, is herebyr hi'is inrolled, quired to ask any man offering to inlift) and* (hall inlift ink and engaged * Majefty’s other forces, or (hall offer himfelf to be inrolled as tofenre; ferve in the regiment, battalion, or independant company e be hmrtletf	belonging to any other county, riding, or place; era]

and'Terve,' in fuch perfon fo offending, on conviltion thereof by the inform-any other re- tion and oath of one witnefs, before a juftice of the peacefii gimcnt, &c. the county, riding, or place, wherein fuch perfon wasfirft* ^/tobe'^o foiled and engaged to ferve in the militia (which oath fuchirf mined for™" tlce *s hereby impowered and required to adminifter) (hailhi months, over committed to the common gaol of fuch county, riding, i and above any place, there to remain, without bail or mainprize, for and d* hhc “ mg any time not exceeding fix months, over and above any pi law;6 ° y nalty or punilhment to which fuch perfon fo offending isorln and at the end be liable by law; and every fuch perfon fo offending, from til of bis engage- day on which his engagement to ferve in the militia (hall cadi went (hall ancj not fooncr^ (hall belong as a foldier to fuch corps of B dieHn’tbe °1- Majefty’s other forces into which he (hall have been fo inliM corps in and (hall, till regularly difeharged therefrom, be fubjed to fad winch he in- duties, pains, and penalties, as the foldiers in fuch corps fad KM.	be liable to.

XIX. And whereas the feyeral powers granted by the laws mi being, relating to the militia forces within that part of Great Bd tain called England, for punijhing ferjeantsy drummers, ani fifed for mijbekavicur, difobedience of orders, or negleft of duty, ham the time the militia to which they belong is not in actual fervitt, en not called out to annual exercife, harje been, found defective and into Serjeants, fjcient; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforefaid, Tha drummers, if any ferjeant major, ferjeant, arum major, drummer, or fife and fifes, engaged to ferve in any regiment, battalion, or indcpenM company of militia, within that part of Great Britain caHd England, and who (hall have received pay therein at any Ml from and after the pafling of this alt, during his engagemoiM ferve in any fuch regiment, battalion, or independant compwjl and during the time the militia, to which he (hall belong, iifltf guilty of mif- in altual (ervice, or out at annual exercife, (hall mifbehave, ll behaviour, negligent in his duty, or be di(obedient to the orders oftbed neglect of jurant, or other his fuperior officer, and be thereof conviAd obedience of uPon oat^	adjutant,	or	other	his	fuperior	officer,	el

orders,when other credible witnefs, before a juftice of the peace forth the regiment, county, riding, or place, to the militia whereof fuch fajeafl

major,

] Anno feptuno Georgii III. c. 17.	337

ferjeant, drum major, drummer, or fifer, (hall belong is not in

1.	oath fuch juftice is hereby im powered and required to ad- (ervice, . , . / .	.	•	*	r	•	*	j	•	1	or out at an-

er;) fucb ferjeant major, ferjeant, drum major, drum- ni|jj exerdfe,

or (ifer, (over and above any penalty or puniftiment to may (over and 1 he (hall be liable by any former law) (hall be committed above the tcommon gaol of the county, riding, or place, wherein offender (hall be engaged to ferve in the militia, there to tin without bail or mainprize for any. time not exceeding be committed nonths.	for 6 months)

X.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, it in cafe any feijeant major, ferjeant, drum major, drum-» or fifer, during the time the militia to which he (hall be-5 is not in a&ual fervice, or out at annual exercife, (hall de-from the regiment, battalion, or independant company, in ch he (hall be inrolled and engaged to ferve; it (hall and and deferring r be lawful to and for any headborough, conftable, or tyth- at any fttch ban, of the town or place where any perlon who may be b^^head-tttably fufpe&ed to be fuch a deferter (hall be found, to ap- cd, and com-lend, or caufe him to be apprehended, and to caufe fuch mitted) m to be brought before any juftice of the peace living in or fuch town or place, who hath hereby power to examine (ufpedted perfon; and if by his confeflion, or the tefthnony ne or more witnefs or witnefies, upon oath, or by the sledge of fuch iuftice, it (hall appear or be found that fuch Sed perfon is fuch a deferter, fuch juftice (hall forthwith ; him to be conveyed to the gaol of the county or place e he (hall be found, or to the houfe of correction, or o-publiclt prifon, in fuch town or place where fuch deferter be apprehended) and tranfmit an account thereof to the of which an Ury at war for the time being, to the end fuch perfon may account is to rocceded againft as is herein after directed; and the keeper ch gaol, houfe of correction, or prifon, (hall receive the [ary at war, bbfiftence of fuch deferter, during the time that he or they in order to continue in his cuftody, for the maintenance of the faid profecutioo, ter, but (hall not be intitled to any fee or reward on ac- Kcwjerof the it of his or their imprifonment; any law, ufage, or cuftom, to re-te contrary notwithftanding,	ceive the fub-

fiftence money for his maintenance* XI* And be it further enajfted by the authority aforefaid, Prisoner to be t it (hall and may be lawful to and for the fecretary at war he time being, upon receiving fuch account as aforefaid, if f^eury . deierter (hall be taken out of the county to the militia at war) rcof he or they (hall belong, to iflue out an order, under his i and feal, to the gaoler or keeper of the prifon where fuch rtfr (hall be confined, requiring fuch gaoler or keeper to de-rfuch deferter to the perfon or perfons therein named, which • hereby required to do; and fuch perfon or perfons (hall and conveyed capon convey fuch deierter in fuch manner, and by fuch *? * iuftice of Mr pa the fecretary at war for the time being (hall direct, ^.foorSert* M a juftice of the county to the militia, whereof fuch defer*

Hpl) bclppgy wholhall forthwith caufe.bim to be conveyed

Z 3	**

33*

in lifting mill tii men)

fucb inliftSng deemed void*

Militia man denying, at the time of inlifting, that

Anno feptimo Georgii III. c. 17.

any time from and after the palling of this ad, wil knowingly inlift any perfon who, at the time of fuch (hall be mrolled and engaged to ferve in any regiment, I or independant company of militia, in that part of Grei called England, every fuch inlifting (hall be deemed void; and in cafe any militia man (hall, at any time 1 after the palling of this ad, deny to any officer, fei other perfon recruiting for men to inlift and ferve in jelly’s other forces, that he is, at the time of his offeri lift, a militia man then adually inrolled and engaged ■niming, mat (w.hic,h the faid officer,/meant, or other perfon, is h he.is inrolled, quired to ask any man offering to inltft) and (hall m and engaged Majefty’s other forces, or lhall offer himfelf to be inr to ferve; ferve in the regiment, battalion, or independant coi be inroneft0 m*liria, belonging to any other county, riding, or pla< and ferve,' in fuch perfon fo offending, on convidion thereof bv the any other re- tion and oath of one witnefs, before a juftice ot the giment, &c. the county, riding, or place, wherein fuch perfon wa i« to be com- ro^c<* an^ cngagcd to ferve in the militia (which oath mitted forT t*cc hereby impowered and required to adminifter. months, over committed to the common gaol of fuch county, 1 and above any place, there to remain, without bail or mainprize, for liaWeYo^ U any time not exceeding fix months, over and abov |tLjC 0 y nalty or punifhment to which fuch perfon fo offending and at the end be liable by law; and every fuch perfon fo offending, of bis engage- day on which his engagement to ferve in the militia ment fliaTl and not Cooney (hall belong as a foldier to fuch co dier'in’the °" Majefty’s other forces into which he (hall have been i corps in and lhall, till regularly difeharged therefrom, be fubje winch he in- duties, pains, and penalties, as the foldiers in fuch c be liable to.

XIX.	And whereas the feyeral powers granted by the k being, relating to the militia forces within that part of ( tain called England, for puntjhing ferjeants^ drummers, for mijbehaviour, difobedience of orders, or negleft of du the time the militia to which they belong is not in actual fet not called out to annual exercife, have been found defective ficient; be it therefore enaded by the authority aforef; if any feijeant major, ferjeant, drum major, drumme engaged to ferve in any regiment, battalion, or in< company of militia, within that part of Great Brit England, and who lhall have received pay therein at from and after the palling of this ad, during his enga ferve in any fuch regiment, battalion, or independant and during the time the militia, to which he (hall belc in adual (ervice, or out at annual exercife, (hall milb negligent in his duty, or be difobedient to the orders jurant, or other his fuperior officer, and be thereof upon the oath of the adjutant, or other his fuperior < other credible witnefs, before a juftice of the peac county, riding, or place, to the militia whereof fuc

Serjeants, drummers, and fifes.

guilty of mif-behaviour, negled of duty, or dif-obedience of orders, when the regiment,

5-3 Anno feptijno Georgii III. c. 17.	337

r, feijeant, drum major, drummer, or fifer, (hall belong &c. is not in cti oath fuchiuftice is hereby im powered and required to ad-	fervice,

ftcr;) fuch ferjeant major, feijeant, drum major, drum** nuJcxerctf^" i or fiier, (over and above any penalty or punifhment to may (over and :h he (hall be liable by any former law) (hall be committed above the tie common gaol of the county, riding, or place, wherein PCu*^theJ# a offender (hall be engaged to ferve in the militia, there to f^r^,er uin without bail or mainprize for any. time not exceeding be committed months.	for 6 months |

XX.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, bat in cafe any feijeant major, ferjeant, drum major, drum-or fifer, during the time the militia to which he (hall be-Qg is not in adtual fervice, or out at annual exercife, (hall deft from the regiment, battalion, or independant company, in Uch be (hall be inrolled and engaged to ferve; it (hall and and deferring, tty be lawful to and for anv headborough, conftable, or tyth- a.t af>yfucil gmin, of the town or place where any peribn who may be b^pp^hcnd-sfooably fufpe&ed to be fuch a deferter (hall be found, to ap- ed, and com-* stand, or caufe him to be apprehended, and to caufe fuch mined) rion to be brought before any juftice of the peace living in or sr fuch town or place, who hath hereby power to examine & (ufpe&ed perfon; and if by his confeflion, or the teftimony one or more witnefs or witnefles, upon oath, or by the owledge of fuch iuftice, it (hall appear or be found that fuch pe&ed perfon is fuch a deferter, fuch juftice (hall forthwith ife him to be conveyed to the gaol of the county or place ere he (hall be found, or to the houfe of corredion, or o-t publick prifon, in fuch town or place where fuch deferter 11 be apprehended) and tranfmit an account thereof to the of which an retary at war for the time being, to the end fuch perfon may account is to proceeded againft as is herein after directed; and the keeper luch gaol, houfe of correction, or prifon, (hall receive the tary at waiT I fubfiftence of fuch deferter, during the time that he or they in order to ill continue in his cuftody, for the maintenance of the faid profecutioo, crter, but (hall not be intitled to any fee or reward on ac- Keiperof the int of his or their imprifonment) any law, ufage, or cuftom, pr-,f0n to re. the contrary notwithstanding,	ceive the fub-

fiftenne money for his maintenance.

XXI. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Prifoner to be hit it (hall and may be lawful to and for the fecretary at war r the time being, upon receiving fuch account as aforefaid, if ^cretary sh deferter (hall be taken out of the county to the militia at war)

Mmof he or they (hall belong, to iflue out an order, under his fid and feai, to the gaoler or keeper of the prifon where fuch fetpr (hall be confined, requiring fuch gaoler or keeper to de-trfuch deferter to the perfon or perfons therein named, which |Js hereby required to do) and fuch perfon or perfons (hall and conveyed Mopon convey fuch deferter in fuch manner, and by fuch a °* M9t #s the fecretary at war for the time being (hall direct, &c.1non&to RMg a juftice of the county to the militia whereof fuch defer- commitment) WpiHfr yrho (hall forthwith caufe bim to be conveyed Z 3	V*

33*

Anno feptimo Georgii III. c. 17.	|

to the gaol, houfe of corre&ion, or other publick prifon in the (aid county, to the end fuch deferter may be prc againft as is herein after directed.

XXII. And be it further ena&ed by the authority af< That fuch deferter (hall remain and be kept in fuch gaol 01 twcaTtldforth w‘l^out bail or tnainprize, until fuch regiment, battal into fervice or annual exercife;

and he be de

where he is to remain, till the regiment

officer,

and a court-i» artial held for his trial, &c.

independant company of militia, to which fuch defers belong, (hall be called out to annual exercife, or embod called forth into actual fervice, which (hall firft happe minded by his	°®cer *hen commanding fuch regiment, battalion, c

commanding pendant company, (hall iflfue out an order under his ha feal, to the gaoler or keeper of the prifon where fuch (hall be confined, requiring fuch gaoler or keeper to del'n deferter to the perfon or perfons therein named, whic hereby required to do; and fuch officer commanding fui ment, battalion, or independant company, is hereby imp and required to fummon and hold a court-martial for i of fuch deferter, in fuch manner and with the fame po< authority as given and diredted by the adt for puniihing and defertion, and the better payment of the army ai quarters; and if upon fuch trial fuch deferter (hall b guilty, it (hall and may be lawful to punifh him in fuch as fuch court-martial (hall in their diferetion think fit, aj to the powers and provifion of the articles of war, and adt for puni(hing mutiny and defertion, and the better p of the army and their quarters.

And deferring XXIII. And be it further enadted by the authority al att^hroe That if any ferieant major, ferjeant, drum major, dn vice or at an- or ^cr» * c*c*lt» during the time the regiment, batta nual exercife," independant company, in which he (hall be inrolled ant and (hall not’ gaged to ferve, (hall be in adtual fervice, or at annual < be apprehend-and (hall not be apprehended during fuch time, fuch edduring fuch (hall an(j m3y be apprehended and proceeded againft in t beproceedel nianner as is herein before diredled in the cafe of fuch againft as in major, ferjeant, drum major, drummer, or lifer, defertir ing the time the militia to which he (hall belong is not ii fervice, or out at annual exercife.

XXIV.	And, for the better encouragement of any p apprehend and fccure fuch deferters as aforefaid, be it enacted. That the juftice of the peace before whom at deferter (hall be committed, (hall and may WTue his wa writing to the clerk of the regiment, battalion, or indc| company, to which fuch deferter (hall belong, directing t?C ire£1,ncnt" q^iring fuch clerk to pay out of the ftock belonging to I a c C1 ’ giment, battalion, or independant company, into me I fuch perfon who (hall apprehend any Inch deferter, tbs twenty (hillings for every deferter that (hall be fo and committed.

Penalty of XXV. Provided, always. That if any pe* concealing conceal, or affift, any fuch deferter, know deferters is pcrfon fo offending (hall forfeit, for every

the former cafe.

Perfons apprehending de-ferters, inti-tied to sos. reward, by warrant from the juftice to



334	Anno	feptimo	GeoRGII	111. c* if [1766*

put in fuit by ;n cafe the faid regimental or battalion clerk (hall not duly per-thrfb°nn0n" ^orm the conditions comprized in the faid bond, (hall, and is of theTondf- hereby required forthwith to put the faid bond in fuit in the don;	name of his Majcfty, his heirs, and fucceflors; the full colts

and they are and charges of which fuit, in cafe judgement (hall be given a-iipon^fiiUC	rcgimcntal	or battalion clerk, (hall be paid by him

colts and chwget, and 5I. per cent, of the money recovered;

The regimental and battalion clerks, and captains of independant companies,

to the faid receiver or receivers general of the land tax, who (hall likewife be intitled to, and receive to his or their own ufe, at the rate of live pounds per centum out 6f all fuch monies as (hall be by him or them recovered thereon; and (hall account for the reudue thereof with the proper auditor of his Majefty’s the refiduc to revenue; the laid receiver or receivers general of the land tax be accounted charging himfelf or themfelves therewith, upon the next ac-for to the au- count 0f the land tax to be by him or them palled. ltor’	XI.	And	be it enabled. That the clerk ot every regiment or

battalion of militia, and the captain of every independant company of militia, in every county, riding, and place, within the part of Great Britain aforefaid, (hall, between the twenty fifth day of March and the twenty fourth day of June* one thoufand feven hundred and lixty feven, deliver to the receiver or receivers are to deliver general of the land tax for the county, riding, or place, to in accounts of which fuch regiment, battalion, or independant company (hall and^di^urfir- belong, a fair account in writing, of all monies by him received ments, and disburfed for the fervice of the preceding year, in purfuance and pay over of this aft, with proper vouchers for the fame; and (hall pay fhe bafancejo back to the faid receiver or receivers general of the land tJut, furpius 0f fuch monies that (hall then be in his hands; which faid accounts figned by fuch regimental or battalion clerk, or by fuch captain of an independant company refpec-tively, (hall be transmitted by the faid receiver or receivers general of the land tax, into the office of the proper auditor of his Majefty’s revenue.

XII.	Provided always, and be it enabled. That all penalties, penalties, See. all cofts and charges of fuit, and all fums of money, for which

any perfon or perfons is or are by this aft made anfwerable, may and (hall be recovered in any or his Majefty’s courts of record at TVeJiminfler, by aftion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no efloin, wager at law, or proteftion, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed.

XIII.	Provided always, and be it enacted, That no fee or gratuity whatfoever (hall be given or paid for or upon account of any warrant or fum of money which (hall be imied in relation to, or in purfuance of, this aft.

the receivers general; who are to tranfmit the accounts into the auditor's office.

Recovery of

No fee payable for any warrant or fum of mo-ney ifined in purfuance of this art. Officers on

XIV.	Provided always, and be it enafted. That any perfon halfway ferv- being on half-pay, and ferving in the militia, (hall and may, militia may anc* *ie hereby empowered to receive and ujte the fubdftence-- 9 - money by this aft direfted to be paid to captains, lieutenants, or enhgns; and the receiving and taking fuch fubliftence-moncy money pays- by any fuch captain, lieutenant, or enfign, (hall not be deemed

nlo llOllf A.	* % # | • /■ • ®	£

a receiving or taking pay, fo as in any manner to prevent fact 1	perfon

ble to lieut* nanta or en-

£got.

1766.] Anno feprimo GeoRGH III. c. 17.	335

perfon on half-pay receiving his half-pay 5 and fuch pcrfon they taking (hall take the following oath before fome juftice of the peace, the following who is hereby impowcred to adminifter the fame \	fuftice.m *

I A. B. do/wittTj That I bad not, between the	any	The oath,

place or employment of profit, civil or military, under bis Ma-jefiyj befides my allowance of half pay as a reduced	in

late regiment of	fave and except my fub-

fifience as a lieutenant or enfign, as the cafe may be, for ferving in the militia of the county of

■ 1

And the taking the faid oath (hall be fofficient to intitle fuch perfon to receive his half-pay, without taking any other oath; any law, ufage, or cuftom, to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

XV.	And be it further enacfted by the authority aforefaid,	ge-

That the receiver general of the land tax, fo foon as he (hall receive a warrant under the hand of the colonel or commanding rant ffom the" officer of their refpe&ive regiments or battalions, certifying the commanding receipt of the cloathing, and an order from the faid colonel or ®®cer> wn-commanding officer for the money due on account of the fame, ^pfof the" payable to the perion or perfons who fumifhed the faid cloath- cloathing, and ing, (hall pay the fum mentioned in fuch order to the perfon an order for indtled to receive the fame; and fuch warrant and order, tqp payment, is to gether with the receipt of the perfon receiving the faid money,

Stall be a fufficient difcharge to luch receiver general.

XVI.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, If any regi-That in cafe any regiment, battalion, or independant company, fhall ceafe and determine, during the continuance of this adt, ^ the fum of three (hillings per diem (hall be paid to fuch perfon be paid to the as has actually ferved as adjutant to fuch regiment, battalion, or adjutant from independant company, from the time fuch regiment, battalion, fucjLtlm®10 or independant company (hall ceafe, to the twenty fifth day of *^6S>arc 9 March, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty eight.

XVII.	And whereas by an adt made in the lad feflion of par- Claufein the Kamcnt, it is enadted, That any militia man inlifting himfelf the.lalt into any of his Majefty’s other forces, (hall, over and above ing^o’mtlkia any penalty or puni(hment to which any fuch militia man was man inlifting liable, be deemed to be legally inlifted, and (hould, from the in any of the day on which his engagement to ferve in the militia (hould end, pDS*# belong as a foldier to Fuch corps of his Majefty’s other forces forccl* into which he (hall have inlifted, and (hould, till regularly dif-charged, be liable to all the duties of a foldier, and to all pains and penalties inflidted by the adt for puniftiing mutiny and deration, and the better payment of the army and their quarters: and whereas the faid provifion hath been found very inconvenient, and prejudicial to the militia fervice; be it therefore enadied by the authority aforefaid. That the faid recited provi- repealed, fion (hall be and is hereby repealed.

XVIII.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. Recruiting That in cafe any officer, ferjeant, or other perfon recruiting for P*rtj*! fr?ra men to inlift and ferve in his Majefty’s other forces, (hall, at f”rra.

Z 2	any	^

33$

inliftiug militia men;

fucb inlifting deemed void.

Militia man denying, at

Anno feptimo Georgii III. c. 17.	[1766.

any time from and after the pafling of this afi, wilfully and knowingly inlift any perfon who, at the time of fuch inlifting, (hall be inrolled and engaged to ferve in any regiment, battalion, or independant company of militia, in that part of Great Britain called England, every fuch inlifting (hall be deemed null and void; and in cafe any militia man (hall, at any time from and after the pafling of this aft, deny to any officer, fcijeant, or other perfon recruiting for men to inlift and ferve in his Ma-jefty’s other forces, that he is, at the time of his offering to in* ..	lift, a militia man then aftually inrolled and engaged to ferve;

infift'ing^hat (w.hic.h *he faid officer, ferjcant, or other perfon, is hereby ^ he is inrolled, quired to ask any man offering to inhit) and (hall xnlift in his and engaged’ Majefty’s other forces, or (hall offer himfelf to be inrolled and tofenrc; fCrve in the regiment, battalion, or independant company of be 'mroHcft0 n^^a, belonging to any other county, riding, or place; every and "ferve,’iu fuch P*rfon fo offending, on conviftion thereof bv the informa-any other re- tion and oath of one witnefs, before a juftice of the peace for the county, riding, or place, wherein fuch perfon was firll in-rolled and engaged to ferve in the militia (which oath fuch juftice is hereby impowered and required to adminifter.) (hall be committed to the common gaol of fuch county, riding, or and above any place, there to remain, without bail or mainprize, for and dur-i... he j# ^ any time nQt cxcce<jjng flx months, over and above any pe-

giment, See. of militia, i« to be com mitted for 6 months, over and aboi penalty ]

lak;C C° nalty or punilhment to which fuch perfon fo offending is or (hall and at the end be liable by law; and every fuch perfon fo offending, from the of his engage- day on which his engagement to ferve in the militia (hall end, l£rve a^a fol anc* not ^°°ncr’ belong as a foldier to fuch corps of his

dier in the corps in which he in-lifted.

Serjeants, drummers, and fifes,

guilty of mif-behaviour, negleft of duty, or dif-obedience of orders, when the regiment,

Majefty’s other forces into which he (hall have been fo inlifted, and (hall, till regularly difeharged therefrom, be fubjeft to fueh duties, pains, and penalties, as the foldiers in fuch corps (hall be liable to.

XIX.	And whereas the feveral powers granted by the laws now in being, relating to the militia forces within that part of Great Britain called England, for punifhing ferjeant s^ drummers9 and fifers, for mijbehavicur, di/obedience of orders, or negletl of duty, during the time the militia to which they belong is not in atiual fervice, or is not called out to annual exercife, have been found defective and infuf ficient ; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforefaid. That if any ferjeant major, ferjeant, drum major, drummer, or fifier, engaged to ferve in any regiment, battalion, or independant company of militia, within that part of Great Britain called England, and who (hall have received pay therein at any time from and after the pafling of this aft, during his engagement to ferve in any fuch regiment, battalion, or independant company, and during the time the militia, to which he (hall belong, is not in aftual fervice, or out at annual exercife, (hall mi(behave, be negligent in his duty, or be difobedient to the orders of the adjutant, or other his fuperior officer, and be thereof convi&ed upon the oath of the adjutant, or other his fuperior officer, or other credible witnefs, before a juftice of the peace for the county, riding, or place, to the militia whereof fucb fajetnt

major,

1766.] Anno feptimo Georgii III. c. 17.	337

major, fcrjcant, drum major, drummer, or fifer, (hall belong &c. Is not in (which oath fuch juftice is hereby impowered and required to ad- “al/®Iv,ce* minifter;) fuch ferjeant major, feijeant, drum major, drum** nyd exercife1" mer, or fifer, (over and above any penalty or punifhment to may (over and which he (hall be liable by any former law) (hall be committed above the to the common gaol of the county, riding, or place, wherein ^uiaytbcb“ fuch offender (hall be engaged to ferve in the militia, there to remain without bail or mainprize for any. time not exceeding be committed fix months.	for 6 months |

XX.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid.

That in cafe any ferjeant major, ferjeant, drum major, drummer, or fifer, during the time the militia to which he (hall belong is not in adtual fervice, or out at annual exercife, (hall de-fert from the regiment, battalion, or independant company, in

which he (hall be inrolled and engaged to ferve; it (hall and and defertingt may be lawful to and for any headborough, conftable, or tyth- V anyfuch ingman, of the town or place where any peribn who may be b^pp^/hcad-reafonably fufpe&ed to be fuch a deferter (hall be found, to ap- ed, and com-* prehend, or caufe him to be apprehended, and to caufe fuch mined} perfon to be brought before any juftice of the peace living in or near fuch town or place, who hath hereby power to examine fuch fufpefted perfon; and if by his confeflion, or the teftimony of one or more witnefs or witneftes, upon oath, or by the knowledge of fuch iuftice, it (hall appear or be found that fuch fufpe&ed perfon is luch a deferter, fuch juftice (hall forthwith caufe him to be conveyed to the gaol of the county or place where he (hall be found, or to the houfe of corre&ion, or o-ther pubiick prifon, in fuch town or place where fuch deferter (hall be apprehended; and tranfmit an account thereof to the of which an fecretary at war for the time being, to the end fuch perfon may account is to he proceeded againft as is herein after directed; and the keeper of luch gaol, houfe of correction, or prifon, (hall receive the tary at full fubfiftence of fuch deferter, during the time that he or they in order to (hall continue in his cuftody, for the maintenance of the faid profecutioo, deferter, but (hall not be intitled to any fee or reward on ac- Keeper of the Count of his or their imprifonment; any law, ufage, or cuftom, t0 re. to the contrary notwithftanding,	ccive the fub-

fiftence money for his maintenance.

XXI.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, Prifoner to be That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the fecretary at war

for the time being, upon receiving fuch account as aforefaid, if fecretary fiich deferter (hall be taken out of the county to the militia at war; whereof he or they (hall belong, to ifliie out an order, under his hand and feal, to the gaoler or keeper of the prifon where fuch deferter (hall be confined, requiring fuch gaoler or keeper to deliver fuch deferter to the perfon or perfons therein named, which fie is hereby required to do; and fuch perfon or perfons (hall and conveyed thereupon convey fuch deferter in fuch manner, and by fuch	of

means, as the fecretary at war for the time being (hall direct, ^^ordtt-to before a juftice of the county to the militia, whereof fuch defer- commitment) fgr (ball belong, who (hall forthwith caufe. him to be conveyed

Zj	IQ

33*

Anno feptimo GeoRGII III. c. 17.	[1766.

into fervice or annual ex-trcife;

and he be demanded by his commanding officer.

and a court -!• artial held for his trial, &c.

to the gaol, houfe of correftion, or other publick prifon, within the faid county, to the end fuch deferter may be proceeded againft as is herein after directed, where he is to XXII. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, remain, till That fuch deferter (hall remain and be kept in fuch gaol or prifon be cafled^orth w^10Ut bail or mainprize, until fuch regiment, battalion, or independant company or militia, to which fuch deferter (hall belong, ihall be called out to annual exercife, or embodied and called forth into actual fervice, which (hall firft happen; and the officer then commanding fuch regiment, battalion, or independant company, (hall iffue out an order under his hand and leal, to the gaoler or keeper of the prifon where fuch deferter (hall be confined, requiring fuch gaoler or keeper to deliver fuch deferter to the perfon or perfons therein named, which he ii hereby required to do; and fuch officer commanding fuch regiment, battalion, or independant company, is hereby impowered and required to fummon and Jiold a court-martial for the trial of fuch deferter, in fuch manner and with the fame power and authority as given and directed by the aft for punching mutiny and defertion, and the better payment of the army and their quarters; and if upon fuch trial fuch deferter (hall be found guilty, it (hall and may be lawful to punifti him in fuch manner as fuch court-martial (hall in their diferetion think (it, agreeable to the powers and provifion of the articles of war, and the faid aft for punilhing mutiny and defertion, and the better payment of the army and their quarters.

Anddeferting XXIII. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, at the time That if any ferjeant major, ferjeant, drum major, drummer, victor at an- or ^er* defert, during the time the regiment, battalion, or nual exercife independant company, in which he (hall be inrolled and be en-andfhallnot’ gaged to ferve, Ihall be in aftual fervice, or at annual exercife, be apprehend-and (hall not be apprehended during fuch time, fuch deferter timelIhe^TiaCh anc* ma>’ be apprehended and proceeded againft in the fame Ittproceedeif manner as is herein before direfted in the cafe of fuch ferjeant againft as in major, ferjeanr, drum major, drummer, or lifer, deferring, dur-the former ing the time the militia to which he (hall belong is not in aftual cak*	fervice,	or out at annual exercife.

Perfonsappre-	XXIV. And, for the better encouragement of any perfon to

bending de- apprehend and fccure fuch deferters as aforefaid, be it further ferters, inti- enafted. That the juftice of the peace before whom any fuch r/wanhhy" deferter (hall be committed, (hall and may iflue his warrant in warrant from writing to the clerk of the regiment, battalion, or independant the juftice to company, to which fuch deferter (hall belong, direfting and re-1 fC .refi,nent* quii ing fuch clerk to pay out of the (lock belonging to fuch re-a c cl ' giment, battalion, or independant company, into the hands of fuch perfon who (hall apprehend any fuch deferter, the fum of twenty (hillings for every deferter that (hall be fo apprehended and committed.

Penalty of XXV. Provided, always, That if any perfon (hall harbour, Concealing conceal, or aflift, any fuch deferter, knowing him to be fo, thd ueftrters is pcrfon fo offending (hall forfeit, for every fuch offence, the fum

339

iy66.) Anno feprimo Georgii III. c. 18.

of five pounds; to be levied and recovered in the fame manner as any penalties of forfeitures are to be levied and recovered in and by an adt of the fecond year of his prefent Majefty, intituled.

An aft to explain, amende and reduce into one aft of parliament, the fe	^

veral laws now in being relating to the raifing and training of the mill- diredb. # * tia within that part of Great Britain called England.

An aft to enable the truftees of the Britifh tnufcstm to ex~ change, feU\ or difpofe of any duplicates of printed books, medals, coins, or other curiojities •, and for laying out the money arifing by fucb fate in the pur chafe of other things that may be wanting in, or proper for, the faid mufeum.

WH E R E A S by an aft of parliament pajfed in the twenty fixtb Preamble.

year of the reign of his late majejly King George the fecond, intituled. An a& for the purchafe of the mufeum, or collection of fir Hans Sloane, and of the Harleian collection of manufcripts; and for better providing one general rcpofitory for the better reception, and more convenient ufe, of the faid collection, and of the Cottonian library, and of the additions thereto; it is, amongjl other things, enafted, that within the cities of London or Weftmin-fter, or the fuburbs thereof, one general rcpofitory Jhould be erefted or provided in fuch convenient place, and in fucb manner, as the truftees thereby appointed, or the major part of them, at a general meeting af-fembled, Jhould dire ft, for the reception not only of the faid mufeum, or eolleftion rfft Hans Sloane, but alfo of the Cottonian library, and of the additions which bad bun or jhould be made thereto, by vir~

Sue of the laft will and tejlament of Arthur Edwards efquire in the faid aft named, and likewife of the faid Harleian eolleftion of manufcripts, and offuch other additions to the faid Cottonian library as, with the approbation of the truftees by the faid aft appointed, or the major part of them, at a general meeting ajfembled, Jhould be made thereunto, in manner therein after mentioned; and of fuch other col-leftions and libraries as, with the like approbation, Jhould be admitted into the faid general rcpofitory \ and that the faid feveral colie ftions, additions, and library, Jo received into the faid general repofttory, Jhould remain and be preferved therein, for publick ufe, to all pofterity: and whereas the faid collections have been greatly increafed by confiderable donations from his Majejly, and the gifts of feveral noblemen and others; and it is probable that great additions will hereafter be made thereto : and whereas there are now, and there may hereafter be, in the various departments of the Britifh mufeum, many duplicates of printed books, medals, coins, and other curiojities, which it would be proper to dijpofe % of, in order to make room for others: may it therefore pleafe your rooft excellent Majefty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted fcjr the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons,

•fin this prefent parliament aflembled, and"by the authority of the

-fane. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid truf- Five «r more

-fpptj and their fucceflors, or a "ive or iqerc of themr at anvtnifrecs are

CAP. XVIIL

340	Annofeptimo	Georgii	III.	C. 19;	[1766*

plicate* of meeting aflembled, and they are hereby authorized and impow-prated books,	from time t0 time, ancj a* au times hereafter, to order any

&c. to*be>lnl, duplicates of printed books, medals, coins, or other curiofities, exchanged, to be exchanged for manufcripts, books, medals, coins, or other formanu- curiofities; or to diredt any fuch duplicates of printed books, orto^be^fold mcc*a*s» co*ns» or other curiofities, to be fold or difpofed of, and and°tbe im>- * t^ie moncy to arife by fuch fale to be laid out in the purchafeof ney laid out manufcripts, books, medals, coins, and other curiofities, that in purchasing may be wanting in, or proper for, the laid mufeum; the faid bewa1#timay ^crc*n	recited adt of parliament, or any other adf, matter,

or proper/* or	to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

CAP. XIX.

An afl to enable bis Majefly to fettle certain annuities on their royal bigbneffes the dukes of York, Gloucefter, and Cumberland.

Mod gracious Sovereign,

Preamble, re- \KT H E RE A S your Majefty hath been pleafed to recommend to citing claufes V V the confideraticn of your faithful commonj, that a more compe-in 9a i Geo. j. tent provifion Jhould be made for the honourable fupport and maintenance of your Majefty1 s royal brothers, the dukes of York, Gloucefter, and Cumberland, than the prefent necejjary charges upon your Mojeftfs civil lift have permitted your Majefty to make: and whereas by an aft made in thefirft year of your Majefty1s reign, intituled, An adt for the fupport of his Majefty’s houtehold, and of the honour and dignity of the crown of Great Britain; the duties and revenues commonly called The Hereditary Revenues, together with fevered temporary duties and revenues thereby continued, and all other branches and revenues which, cn the twenty fourth day of Odtober, one thou-Jandfeven hundred and ftxty, ftoodfettled or appointed, to be towards the Jupport of the houjchold of his late majefty King George the ft-cond\ of bleffed memory, ana the honour and dignity of the crown, were (except as is therein excepted) dire fled to be, during your Ma-jefty's life, carried to, and made part of, the general or aggregate funi eftablijhed by an afl made in the firft year of the reign of bis late majefty King George the firft ; and for the fupport of your Majt fly's houfehold, and of the honour and dignity of your crown, a certain yearly rent or rents, or fum or fums of money, was or were by the faid x Annas. afl granted out of the faid fund: and whereas by an afl made in the firft year of the reign of her late majefty Queen Anne, for preferving the inheritance ofJeveral revenues of the crown, intituled. An adt for the better fupport of her Maiefty’s houfehold, and of the honour and dignity of the crown; all grants thereof (other than fuebasart therein expreJJ'ed) are declared to be void: and by another afl made in 9 Anne. the ninth year of her jaid late Majefty's reign, intituled. An a6k for eftablifhing a general port office for all her Majefty’s dominions, and for fettling a weekly fum out of the revenues thereof for the fervice of the war, and other her Majefty’s occafions, it was #*-Afled, That fitch part of the duties and revenues ariftng in $r by tbegb

nerof

34*

>766.] Anno feptimo Georgii III. c. 19.

neral letter office or pojl office, which was thereby vejled in her fold late Majefty, her heirs, and fucuffors, and therein mentioned to be undeterminable ,Jhould not be alienable, chargeable, or grant able, for any ejlate, term, or time wbatjoever, to endure longer than the life of the King or §)ueen that Jhould make fuch alienation, charge, or grant re-fpeftively: and that allgijis, grants, alienations, and ajfurances whatsoever ^ to be had or made of and charged upon, the fame duties or revenues,, or any part thereof contrary to the provifion of that aft, Jhould be null and void: and by an aft made in the fifth year of your Majef- & s Geo. 3. ty*s reign, intituled, An aft to alter certain rates ofpoftage, and to amend, explain, and enlarge, feveral provisions in an aft made in the ninth year of the reign of Queen Anne, and in other afts relating to the revenue of the poft office 5 it was enafted,

That all the monies arifing by the rates therein before-mentioned (except as is therein excepted) Jhould be appropriated and applied to fuch end the fame ufes to which the then rates of pojlage were refpeftively by law appropriated and made applicable : now we having taken into conjugation the necejfary charges upon your Majefiy's civil lift revenue, arifing from the prefent ft ate of your royalfamily, more numerous in its branches than thefeyour kingdoms have bad the happinefs of feeing it in any former reign ; and thinking it highly juft and reajenable that your Majefty Jhould be enabled to make fuch provifion for the honourable fupport and maintenance of their faid royal higbnejfes, as may be fuitable to their high rank and many princely accomplijbments, do moft humbly befeech your Majefty, that it may be enafted ; and be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for Hit Majefly the King’s moft excellent majefty, by any letters patent or inden- impowered by ture, or by feveral letters patent or indentures, under the great oHndeSure* feal of Great Britain, hereafter to be made, to give and grant tj,c r unto his dearly beloved and royal brothers the refpeftive annu- great feal, ities or yearly rents or fums following ; that is to fay, one an- g™1* ** nuity or yearly rent or fum of eight thoufand pounds of lawful	„nto

money of Great Britain, unto his royal highnefs Edward Auguftus biHuyal duke of York, for and during his natural life ; one other annu- highnefs the ity or yearly rent or fum of eight thoufand pounds of lawful mo- duke of York; ney of Great Britain, unto his royal highnefs William Henry duke a of Gloucefter, for and during his natural life; and one other an- highnefs nuity or yearly rent or fum of eight thoufand pounds of lawful the duke ot money of Great Britain, unto his royal highnefs Henry Frederick Gloucester j duke of Cumberland, for and during his natural life: which faid refpeftive annuities, or yearly rents or fums, and every part	J highnefs

thereof, (hall commence and take effeft from the fifth day of the duke of jJanuary, in the year of our lord one thoufand feven hundred Cumberland} and fixty feven ; and (hall be paid and payable at the four ufual ^o^mn!®”ce days ot payment in the year ; that is to fay, the fifth day of ,^5™ 5 April, the fifth day of July, the tenth day of Oftober, and the fifth and to be paid .day of January, by even and equal portions; the firft payment quarterly} {hereof to be made at the fifth day of Aprils in the year of our . y

LordjJuV ’

the continuance of aft 1 Geo. 3.

and after the expiration thereof, then

342	Anno feptimo Georgii III. C. 19.	[1766.

10 Oftober, Sc Lord one thoufand feven hundred and fixty feven; and that the f‘i^nUarmentre^PC(^*ve annuities, or yearly rents or Aims,(hall and may, to be made on by *uch letters patent, indenture or indentures, be directed, du-5 April, 1767 i ring the continuance of the faid aft made in the firft year of his and to be pay- prefent Majefty's reign, intituled. An aft for thefupport of his A*C re*1 Afytfiys hou fchold, and of the honour and dignity of the crown if Am|r,efuring Great Britain, to be ifluing and payable our of, or charged and ‘ 6 chargeable upon, the duties ana revenues compoling the Cud fund commonly called The General or Aggregate Fund, and ever? or any of them (after paying, or referring fufficient to pay, all fucli fum and fums of money as hath or have been direfted by any former aft or acts of parliament to be paid out of the fame, but with preference to all other payments which (hall or may hereafter be charged upon, and payable out of, the faid fund) oat of fudi ofand from and immediately after the expiration of the (aid aft, fyCduties * &"c.to	an<^ payable out of, or charged and chargeable

as were made* upon, all or any part or parts of fuch of the (aid hereditary du-part of the	ties, revenues, and branches, as	were thereby carried to, and

fw?d ky	made part of, the faid general or	aggregate fund, and (hall be

orout of fach l^cn fubfifting > and of fuch part of the rates of poftage, granted of the rates by the faid aft made in the fifth year of the reign of his prefent of poftage,	Majefty, intituled, An aft to alter	certain rotes of pojlage, and to

granteoby	amend, explain, and enlarge, feveral	provifsons in an aft made in the

as dull then ninth 7*ar °f ret&n °f S^ueen Anne, and in other afts relating ti belong to the *be revenue of the pojl office, as (hall then belong to, and be part of, crown. the hereditary revenue of the crown.

The faid an- II. And it is hereby further enafted by the authority afore-the cwtinu^ That the faid annuities or yearly rents or Aims refpeftively ance of the * (hall, during the continuance of the faid aft made in the firft year aft 1 Geo. 3. of his Majefty’s reign, be paid and payable at the receipt of bis are to be paid Majefty’s Exchequer; and from and immediately after the ex-ouen Exchc’ piration of the faid aft, either at the faid receipt, or by and from and afterwards the immediate hands of all and every the commifiioners, far-either there, mers, treafurers, or receivers, for the time being, of the here-or by the re- ditary duties, revenues, and branches aforefaid, refpeftively, upon revenues &c. w^*cb *hc faid refpeftive annuities or yearly rents or fums, or on which they anY Part or Parts thereof, (hall be charged by virtue of this aft; are charged $ and that all the faid annuities, or yearly rents or fums, (hall be and to be paid paid and payable without any fees or charges to be demanded or without any	for	paying the fame, or any part thereof; and the acquit-

tance or acquittances, receipt or receipts, of their faid royal high-nefles refpeftively, or of fuch other perfon or perfons as (halfbe by them refpeftively authorized and appointed to receive any fuch annual or yearly rent or fum, or any part thereof, (hall be a good and fufficient difeharge for the payment thereof, without and to be alfo anY further or other warrant to be fued for, had, or obtained in tax-free. that behalf; and that the faid refpeftive annuities, or yearly rents or funis, and every part thereof, (hall be free and clear as well from the rates and afteffinents granted by an aft made in this prefent feffion of parliament, intituled. An aft for granting an aid to bis Mojefly by a land tax to be raifed in Great Britain, for theftroin

■ $

fees, or charges.

1766.J Anno fepdmo Georgii IIL c. 19.

343

%f the year one thoufand/even hundred and fixty [even* as from all taxes, impofitions, and other publick charges whatfoever.

III.	Provided always. That if the faid refpedtive annuities, or If the annui-yearly rents or fums, or any or either of them, or any part there-

of, (hall ceafe to be chargeable upon and payable out of the faid [£c general or aggregate fund, or any part thereof, and (hall become gregate fund, chargeable upon and payable out of all or any of the faid heredi- and become tary duties, revenues, and branches, between any two of the faid JWa£le quarterly days of payment 5 then, and in fuch cafe, fuch annu- ry^ewiue*!* tries refpedlively (hall, at the next quarter day, be payable at the between any receipt of the Exchequer out of the faid general or aggregate two of the fund, and out of the faid hereditary duties, revenues, and quarterly days branches, in proportion to the times during which the fame were thc^aredieii in the courfe of fuch quarter fo chargeable and payable; any to be appor-thing herein before contained to the contrary not with (landing, tioned out of

IV.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, Tnat

if the officers of the receipt of h'19 Majefty’s Exchequer, or the fufing^or*' faid commiffioners, farmers, treafurers, or receivers, for the time negldaimg; to being, of all or any of the hereditary duties, revenues, or branches pay the (aid aforefaid, upon wnich the faid refpedtive annuities, or yearly rents ™nuiJj®*	.

or fums, or any part or parts thereof, (hall be charged as afore- deeded/* faid, (hall refute or neglect to pay the faid refpedtive annuities, or	9

yearly rents or fums, or any part thereof, according to the true intent of this adl, and of fuch letters patent, indenture, or indentures, to be granted by his Mijefty as aforefaid ; or to do any Qrto do any adt neceflary to enable any or either of their faid royal highnefles, aft neceflary or any perfon or perfons by them refpedlively authorized and to thc rcguUr appointed, to receive the fame; then each and every of their	c

faid royal highnefles refpedlively, to whom fuch annuity, or 9 yearly rent or (um, (hall have been granted, or fuch other per-.

Ion or perfons who (hall be fo authorized or appointed to receive the fame, or any part thereof, fo negledled or refufed to be paid, are liable to may, from time to time, fue, profecute, or implead, fuch officers, be fued. commiffioners, farmers, treafurers, or receivers, or any of them, or all or any of their Securities, heirs, executors, and adminiftra-tors, by bill, plaint, or adlion of debt; and (hall and may recover judgements, and fue out executions thereupon, againft foch officers, commiffioners, farmers, treafurers, or receivers refpedlively, and their refpedtive Securities, heirs, executors, and adminiftrators, for fuch fum and fums of money then due and owing upon any fuch refpedtive annuity, or yearly rent or fum, or any part thereof, as (hall be in the hands of any fuch officers, commiffioners, farmers, treafurers, or receivers refpedlively, at the time or times when demand (hall have been legally made of the payment of fuch refpedlive annuity, or yearly rent or fum, or any part thereof, as aforefaid, or for thc refufal or negledt to do any adt neceflary to be done to enable any or either of their faid royal highnefles, or any perfon Or perfons by them refpec-dvely authorized and appointed, to receive the fame.

.* V. And be it further cnadled by the authority aforefaid. That The oowers, gQ and every the powers, precepts, diredtions, and daufes, to be

contained containcd ^

I

344	Anno	feptimo	GeoRGII III. C. 20.	[1766.

the (aid let- contained in his Majefty’s letters patent, indenture or indentures, ters patent, hereafter to be made as aforefaid, for the better and more certain payment and aflfurance of the faid refpeftive annuities, or yearly rents or fums, and for making the (aid refpeftive revenues, or any of them, or any part or parts thereof, liable thereunto as declared to be aforefaid, (hall be good and effectual in the law, according to good in law the tenor and purport thereof in the faid letters patent, inden-according to ture or indentures, to be expreffed, notwithftanding any reftiic-purport°there- tl0n or other matter or thing contained in the faid a ft of par-of,	liament made in the firft year of her late Majefty’s reign, inti-

notwithftand- tuled. An aft for the better fupport of her Majefty's houftbold, and of *fg&1CA?i honour and dignity of the crown*, and notwithftanding any re-0 1 9	*•	ftridion	or other matter or thing contained in the faid aft madt

in the ninth year of her faid late Majefty’s reign, for eftablifhing the poft office, or in any other aft or afts of parliament; and any mif-recital, non-recital, omiffion,or other defeft, in the bid letters patent, indenture or indentures hereafter to be made, in any wile notwithftanding.

Jfcefervation of VI. Saving to all and every perfon and perfons, bodies poli-right*. tick an(j corporate, their heirs, executors, adminiftrators, and afligns (other than to the King’s majefty, his heirs and fuccef-fors) all fuch right, title, intereft, and demand whatfoever, which they, or any ot them, have, or may have, .of, in, to, or out of, the revenues aforefaid, or any of them, or any part thereof, before the making of this aft, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purpofes, as if this aft had not been made; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. XX.

An aft for granting to bis Majefty additional duties upon baft, or ftraw, chip, cane, and borfe-batr bats and bonnets, and upon certain materials for making the fame, imported into this kingdom.

Moft gracious Sovereign,

Preamble. ITT E, y0ur Majefty's moft dutiful and loyal fubjefts the cornmm VV of Great Britain, in parliament ajfembled, towards railing the neccjfary fupplies for defraying your Majefty's public expends, have refolved to give and grant unto your Majefty the jeveral rates and duties hereinafter mentioned; and do moft humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be enafted ; and be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual ana temporal, and commons, in this prefent Additional parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That ed^uponTm-* tJlcrc	ra^e<*>	IcviC(U collected, and paid, unto his Ma-

portarion of jcfty» his heirs, and fucceffors, the feyeral additional rates and the (kid goods \ duties following5 that is tQ fay, viz.

6 s. per dozen	For every dozen of baft, or, ftraw, chip, cane, and horfe-bair

boMet« r*nd hals bonaet8’ which, frqa*.ind after the fecund day of

345

1766.1	Anno feptimo Georgii III. c. 20.

April, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty feven, (hall be im« ported into any port or place in this kingdom, the fum of fix (hillings.

For every pound weight, Avoirdupois, of platting,* or other and 6 s. per lb. manufacture, of baft, or ftraw, chip, cane, or horfe-hair, to wt. upon the be ufed in, or proper for, making of hats or bonnets, which, materials for from and after the faid fecond day of April, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty feven, (hall be imported into any port or place in this kingdom, the fum of fix (hillings.

And after thofe rates for any greater or lefs quantities of fuch goods refpeCtively, over and above all other duties impofed thereon by any former ad of parliament.

II.	And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, to be paid That the faid duties (hall be paid down in ready money, with- <|own r**-out any difeount or allowance; and (hall not be afterwards

drawn back or repaid upon the exportation of the fame goods, difeount; * otherwife than is hereafter provided; and (hall be raifed, levied, and to be collected, and paid, in the fame manner and form, and by fuch rai^ a°d rules, ways, and means, not hereby altered, and under fuch pe- j^mcr duties nalties and forfeitures, as are prefenbed or appointed for railing,	9

levying, collecting, and paying, the former duties of cuftoms upon baft or ftraw hats imported into this kingdom, by any aCt or aCts of parliament now in force, as fully, to all intents and purpofes, as if the feveral claufes, powers, directions, penalties, and'forfeitures refpeCtively relating thereto, were particularly repeated and again enaCted in the body of this prefent aCt.

III.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enaCted by the Duties not to

authority aforefaid, That for fuch or the faid goods as (hall, be paid for upon landing, be immediately lodged and fecured under the J“5J1 °f King’s locks, in warehoufes provided at the foie expence of the	**

importer or proprietor of fuch goods, with the privity and ap- hndingjbe probation, and under the care and infpeCtion, of the commif- fecured un-fioners or principal officers of the cuftoms for the port where der the King’s fuch goods (hall be imported, the faid duties, by this aCt granted, tlHrtacy are ihall not be paid down till fuch time as the laid goods (hall be taken out of taken out of fuch warehoufe by the proprietor thereof; and if the ware-fuch goods fo taken out of fuch warehoufe as aforefaid (hall, within thefpace of twelve months, be afterwards exported to any coun-	and

try or place from whence, by any law now in force, certificates certified for, are required to be produced under the hands and feals of the within the collector and comptroller or furveyor of the cuftoms of the port time limited; or place, or any two of them, where fuch goods (hall be landed, teftifying the landing thereof, before any drawback is to be paid

for tne fame, and to no other country or place whatfoever ; the proprietor or owner of fuch goods, fo exported as aforefaid, upon producing fuch certificate teftifying the landing of fuch

Soods, in the manner and within the time required by fuch law, a drawback lall be forthwith repaid a drawback or allowance of one half is to be repaid of the duty granted by this aCt, and paid for fuch goods; which a ties drawback or allowance (lull be made in the fame manner, and ° * u #

under

4

Thefe duties in be paid into the Exchequer,

apart from all other monies i and to be applied as any act of thh feflion Audi direCt.

Anno fcpdmo Georgii III. c. 21,22. [1766.

under fuch regulations, penalties, and forfeitures, in all refpeds, as any former drawback or allowance, payable out of the duties of cudoms upon the exportation of any goods to the fame places, was, could, or might be made, by virtue of any ad now

in force.

IV.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That the money anting by the faid rates and duties (except the necefiary charges of railing, collecting, recovering, and paying the fame} lhall, from time to time, bepaid into the receipt rfhis Majefty’s Exchequer at JVeftminJler, diftindJy and apart from all orlier branches of the publick revenue, and (hall be futgeft and liable to fuch ufes, applications, and purpofes, as (hall, by any act or alts of parliament in this feffioo, be directed and appointed.

CAP. XXI.

Preamble.

Two or more juftices, tho’ not of the quorum, im-powered to carry certain aft* into execution.

An ail to obviate inconveniences which may arife with re* fpeit to the execution of feveral ails of par lumens in fuch cities, boroughs, towns corporate, franchifes, and liberty as have only one juftice of the peace of the quorum qualified to ait within the fame.

WHEREAS authority is given by divers aits of parliament to two or more jufiiccs of the peace, whereof one or more an to be of the quorum: and whereas many inconvenicncies have arifei in fuch cities, boroughs, towns corporate, franchifes, and liberties, as have only one jujlice of the peace of the quorum qualified to ait within the fame: be it enacted by the King’s mod excellent majedy, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the palling of this prefent adt, all alts, orders, adjudications, warrants, indentures of apprenticefhip, or other indruments, which (hall be made, done, or executed, by virtue of any aft or alts of parliament made or to be made, by two or more judices of the peace quali-tied to aft within fuch cities, boroughs, towns corporate, franchifes, and liberties, though neither of the faid judices are of the quorum, (ball be valid and effectual in law, to all intents and purpofes, as if one of the faid judices had been of the quorum 1 any law, datute, or ufage, to the contrary notwithdanding.

CAP. XXII.

An ail for further allowing the importation of wheat and wheat flour, barley, barley-meal\ and pulfe, free of duty9 into this kingdom from any part of Europe.

Preamble. TX7 H E R E A S by an ait pajfed in this fejfion of parliament, the VV free importation of wheat and wheat four, barley, barley-meal, peafbeans, tares, and callivancies, from any part of Europe into this kingdom, is permitted till the firjlday {/'June, one thonfwd feven hundred and fixty fruen: and whereas the allowing fuch importation for a further time will be advantageous to bis MejeftfsJib

jeOu

347.

*766.5 Anno feptimo Georgii III. c. 23.

jefts: may it therefore pleafe your mod excellent Majefty, that it may be enaded; and be it enad?d bvthe King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpi-ritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That it (hall and The import** may be lawful to and for any perfon or perfons whatfoever to import into Great Britain, in any (hip or veflel whatfoever, at wheat’flour, any time or times before the tenth day of September, one thoufand See. allowed (even hundred and lixty feven, any wheat or wheat flour, bar-t0 be imoort-Ict, barley-meal, peas. Deans, tares, or callivancies, from any part ^ o(Europe, without the payment of any fubfidy, cuftom, duty, or before 10 Sept, impofition whatfoever; and that the fame may alfo, at any and may alfo time before the (aid tenth day of September\ be carried coaftwife be .under fuch regulations a9 wheat and wheat flour, barley, barley- coallw“e* meal, peas, beans, tares, and callivancies, of the growth of this kingdom, are now allowed to be carried coaftwife; any thing in any former or other ad or ads of parliament to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

CAP. XXIII.

An aft to prevent frauds and abufes in the admeafurement of coals, fold by wharf meafure, within the city of London, and the liberties thereof *, and between Tower Dock and Limehoufe Hole in the county of Middlcfex.

WHEREAS many great frauds and impofitions are praftifed Preamble.

in the admeafurement of coals within the city ^London and the liberties thereof and at the feveral wharfs fituate between the tower of London and Limehoufe Hole in the county of Middlefex, to the great lofs of the confumer9 and diferedit of the fair trader, many of whom are frequently harraffed with vexatious law fuits, for offences which, as the law now Jlands9 are not in their power to prevent: for remedy whereof, be it enaded by theJCing’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and af- Office ap-ter the firft: day of June9 one thoufand feven hundred and fixty P°inted far a feven, there mall be ereded and continued within the city Qftcrnu London, in or near Thames Street, one publick office, which mall be called by the name of The Land Coal Meters Office for the City 0/Trondon, and between the Tower of London and Limehoufe Hole in the County of Middlefex; which faid office (hall, from and after the faid firft day of June9 one thoufand feven hundred and lixty feven, for and during the term of .fourteen years then next enfuing, be managed by John Evans of the city of London9 coal merchant, who is hereby nominated and appointed to be tha manager of fuch office; which office, when ereded, (hall be kept open every day (Sundays excepted) from the twenty fifth day pf March to the twenty ninth day of September yearly, during the continuance of this ad, from the hour of five in the morning till nine in the evening; and from the twenty ninth day

of

Principal coal meter, &c. fubjeft to court of aldermens

At'his de-ceafe, coi po-ration to appoint.

His oath.

Labouring nicrtct:. to be appointed.

Anno feptimo GeoRGII III. C. 23.	[176$.

of September to the twenty fifth day of March yearly, during the continuance of this all, from the hour of fix in the morning till fix in the evening.

II.	Provided always, and it is hereby further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That the faid John Evans, and the principal coal meter within the limits aforefaid for the time being, and nis and their deputies or fervants, ailing under him or them in the admeafurement of coals, by virtue of or in purfuance of this pre-fent ail, fhall be, and they, and every of them, are hereby declared to be fubjeil to the power, jurikliltion, and comptroll, of the court of the lord mayor and aldermen of the faid city of London j and fhall and may be difmifled and fufpended by the faid court, from the execution and emoluments of their faid refpec-tive offices, upon complaint and proof of any fraud, default, negleil, or other miibehaviour in the management or execution thereof, which complaints (hall and may be heard and determined by the faid court in a fummary way; any thing herein before contained to the contrary hereof in any ways notwith-ftanding.

III.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enailed by the authority aforefaid. That in cafe the faid John Evans (hall happen to die before the expiration of the faid term of fourteen years, the faid office (hall be managed by fuch perfon as (hall be nominated and appointed by the lord mayor, aldermen, and commons, of the city of London, in common council afiembled.

IV.	And be it further enacled by the authority aforefaid, That no perfon (hall be capable of ailing as principal land coal 1 meter for the city of London, until he (hall, before two or more of his MajeftyTs juftices of the peace for the city of London (who are hereby authorized and required to adminifter the fame) take an oath in the words or to the effell following ; to wit,

I A. B. do Jwear, That I will truly and faithfully, according U the be ft oj my judgement and ability, excut e the office cfprincipal land coal meter for the city of London, and for all the ivharfs fitu-ate between the tower of London and Limehoufe Hole in tbe county of Middlefex.

So help me G O D.

V.	And be it further enailed by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid John Evans, and fuch other perfon or perfons that (hall, from time to time, and at all times hereafter, during the continuance of this aA, be nominated and appointed to manage the faid office, and be or they is and are hereby authorized to appoint a fufficient number of perfons to be labouring coal meters within the laid city of London, and at the feveral wharfs fituate between the tower of London and Limehoufe Hole in the county of Mtdd!efex\ one of which faid labouring coals metqr$ fhall attend every day I (Sundays excepted) at fuch of the coal wharfs, warehoufes, or other places of fale, within the laid city of London, and at. the

coal

349

1756,] Anno feptimo Georgii III. c. 23.

coal wharfs, warehoufes, or other places of fale, fituate be* tween the tower of London and Limehoufe bole in the county of MiidlefeXy at which he (hall be fiationed by the perfon or persons executing the office of principal land coal jneter, during the continuance of this ad, at fuch times as is required by the wharfinger or dealer in coals, where fuch meter is fiationed to meafure out the coals, which (hall, from time to time, be fold by wharf meafure, at any of the (aid wharfs or warehoufes where fuch labouring coal meters (hall be fo fiationed a9 aforefaid.

VI.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid.

That no perfon (hall be capable of ading as one of the labouring coal meters, to be appointed as aforefaid, until he (hall, before one or more of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace for the (aid city of London (who are hereby authorized and required to adminifier the fame) take an oath in the words or to the effed following; to wit,

I A. B. do fwear> That I will duly and faithfully, to the bejl of Their oath, my JkiU and knowledge, execute the office of one of the labouring teal meters for the city of London, and the feveral wharfs fituate. between the tower ^/London and Limehoufe Hole in the county of Middlefex; and that I will truly and impartially meafure all coal$3 between buyer and feller, without favour or hatred.

And the faid juftices refpedively, who (hall adminifier the Oaths tobe oaths by this ad direded to be taken, are hereby required to recorded, certify the taking thereof to the next general quarter feffions of the peace to be held for the faid city of London after the taking of fuch oaths refpedively, there to remain on record*

VII.	Provided always, and be it enaded by authority afore- Coal meters faid. That if the faid principal coal meter, or any of the perfons not inu to be employed under him, (hall at any time or times hereafter,	0f coals. *

during his or their refpedive continuance in their office or employment aforefaid, be diredly or indiredly interefted or concerned in the fale of any coals whatfoever, otherwife than in their faid refpedive offices; he or they refpedively fo offending,

(hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of twenty	'

!>ounds ; and being thereof convided before the faid court of ord mayor and aldermen, (hall be difmiffed from his or their laid refpedive office or employment, and be for ever difabled from holding or executing the fame or any other under this ad.

VIII.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, 3I. Penalty on That if any of the faid labouring coal meters, having notice labouring in writing given to him or them to attend at any wharf within ^aScndin the limits aforefaid, to be named in fuch notice, at any parti- ^ notke.* 8 cular hour of the next day to be therein mentioned, in order to meafiire the coals of the perfon giving fuch notice, (hall refufe or ncgled to attend and do his or their duty accordingly; eve*

■ 1	coal	meter	(hall,	for every fuch offence, forfeit

So help me GOD.

and

Stations of labouring meters to be frequently varied.

Coals to be meafured in prelencc of a labouring meter.

Coal meters tee.

Tickets to be delivered.

Anno feptimo GeoRGII III. C. 23•	{1766.

and pay the fum of three pounds; which fum, if not paid within one calendar month next after the convidtion of the offending party, (hall or may be recovered of or from the laid principal coal meter for the time being, in like manner as might have been againft the party fo convi&ed.

IX.	And, in order to prevent confederacy, be it enadted. That the Rations to be appointed to and for the labouring coal meters, at the faid wharfs, (hall be frequently varied by the principal coal meter, or the perfon or perfons executing the office of principal coal meter, in fuch manner as he or they (hall think fit.

X.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, That all coals which, from and after the faid firft day of June, (hall be fold as and for wharf meafure, at any place or places within the faid city of London, or at any of the feveral wharfs, wharehoufes, or other places, fituate between the tower of London and Limehoufe Hole in the county of Middlcfex9 (hall be meafured in the prefence of one of the faid labouring coal meters, in fuch manner as is dire&ed in and by an adt of parli* ment made and palled in the fixteciith and fevenreenth years of the reign of his late majefty King Charles the Second, intituled, An aft for regulating the meafures and prices of coals 5 and the faid labouring coal meters fhal! and may, and he and they is and are hereby authorized and required, to fill up any bu(hel or bufhcls of coals, as lhall appear to him or them to be deficient or wanting in meafure, out of the ilock of coals, of the perfon or perfonsfo vending or contracting for the fale of the faid coals.

XI.	And be it turther cnadted by the authority aforefaid, That four pence by the chaldron, for everv chaldron of coals which, from and after the faid firft day of Juney (hall be fold and delivered at any wharf, warehoufc, or place, within the faid city of London, and the liberties thereof, or between the tower of London and Limehoufe Hole in the county of Aftddlefnr, (hall be paid by the perfon who keeps the wharf, warehoufe, or place, where fuch coals are carted from, of by the feller of fuch coals, to the principal land coal meter for the time being, or to the labouring coal meters, for the purpofes following; that is to fay, Part of the faid fum for the ufe of the faid principal coal meter, as a recompcncefor his labour and trouble, and for defraying the charges of his clerks, meflengers, houfe rent, fire, candles, and all other expences incident to the execution of the office aforefaid, and the other part for the hire of the labouring coal meters; and thereupon fuch principal land coal meter (hall, and he is hereby required to deliver, or caufe to be delivered, to every feller of fuch coals, or the carmen who dial] cart, lead, drive, or carry, the fame, a paper writing or ticket, fign- I cd by the faid principal land coal merer, and counterfigned by ] the faid labouring coal meter attending and delivering the famet in which (hall be contained as well the chriftian and (irnatne of the rcfpeCtive fellers, as of the confumers of the faid coals, the quantity and day of the week, month and year of the delivery

351

i

1766,5 Anno feptimo Georg 11 III. c. 23.

and admeafurement, the amount of the metage charge, and the names of the carmen or perfons employed to cart, lead, drive, or carry, the fame coals ; and alfo (hall contain a notice to the purchaser or purchafers of the faid coals, that if he, (he, or they, is or are diflatisfied with the meafure thereof, which diflatimftion mud be expreiTed to the carman before any part thereof are (hot or unladen from the faid cart; which faid ticket being thus made compleat and metage paid, (hall be delivered unaltered by the labouring coal meter counterfigniog the fame, without delay, to the carman or perfon employed to cart, carry, drive, or lead, the coals defcribcd in fuch ticket to the consumer therein named; which faid ticket unaltered, the carman or perfon therein named to be employed to cart, carry, lead, or drive, the coals in fuch ticket defcribcd, (hail, and he is hereby required to deliver to the refpedtive confumers therein named, or to their agent or fervant who (hall attend to receive the coals deferibed in fuch ticket, for the ufe of fuch confumer, and thereupon he, (he, or they, are hereby required to pay to the feller named in fuch ticket the metage therein fpecified: and if the labouring coal meter, counterfigning fuch ticket, (hall, after payment of the metage charge in pursuance of this ad, refufe to deliver fuch ticket as herein before direft-ed to the carman or perfon employed to cart, lead, drive, or carnr, the coals therein deferibed; fuch labouring coal meter fhall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of forty (hillings: and if fuch carman or perfon employed to cart, carry. Penalties on lead, or drive, the coals deferibed in fuch ticket, (hall, after altering tho fame ticket (hall have been fo delivered to him by the la- Tlcket*,&c. muring coal meter counterfigning the fame, either alter, or icgtedt or refufe to deliver the fame ticket, to the confumer herein named, or to the agent or fervant who (hall attend to wceive the tolls deferibed in fuch ticket; fuch carman or perfon smployed to cart, lead, or drive, the coals deferibed in fuch tic-cet, (nail like wife forfeit and pay, for every fuch offence, the tun of ten (hillings.

XII.	And be it ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. That if or carrying my cart or carts loaded, or in which any quantity of coals, ex- coals without reeding feventecn bulhels, (hall be fent or driven from any

wharf, warehoufe, or place, within the faid city of London and the liberties thereof, or from any wharf, warehoufe, or place,

Btuate between the tower of London and Limeboufi Hole in the %

DOtxnty of Middlefexy without having firft obtained fuch ticket ' m aforefaid; that then, and in every fuch cafe, the vender of the faid coals, being convidted thereof by the oaths (or being one of the people called quakers, by affirmation) of two or more witnefles, before one or more of his Majefty’s juftice or juftices of the peace for the faid city of London or county of Middlefexy and which he and they are hereby rcfpeflively authorized and required to administer and take, (hall for every fach offence, forfeit and pay the fum of ten pounds.

XIII.	And it is hereby ena&ed by the authority, aforefaid, Dimenfions of That if any wharfinger, or dealer in coals, (hall, at any time rwk**

A a 2	,	or

Penalty on wharfingers, fcc. bribing meters j

352	Anno	feptimo	Georgxi	III.	C.	23?	(176^.

or times hereafter, during the continuance of this aft, make ufe of one or more fack or facks for the carrying of coals with* in the city of London and the liberties thereof, or at any whai£ warehoufe, or place, fituate between the tower of London and Limekoufe Holt in the county of MiddlefeXj of lefs dimenfiont than four feet in length, and two feet m breadth, being con-vifted thereof by the oaths (or being one of the people called Quakers9 by afFrotation) of two or more credible witnefles before one or more of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace for the city of London or county of Middleftx, and which he and they are hereby refpeftively authorized and required to adminiftcr and take, (hall, for every offence, forfeit and pay the fum of five pounds.

XIV.	And it is hereby further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That if any wharfinger, or dealer in coals, (hall di-reftly or indireftly give, or caufe to be given, to any labouring coal meter within the city of London and the liberties thereof, or at any wharf, warehoufe, or place, fituate between the tower of London and Limehoufe Holt in the county of Middleftx, at any time or times hereafter, during the continuane of this aft, any fum or fums of money, or other fee, reward or gratuity what-foever, over and befidcs the four pence per chaldron herein before enadted and allowed for the charges of metage, being con-vifted thereof by the oaths (or being one of the people called Qltakers, by affirmation) of two or more credible witnefles, before one or more of his Majcfty’s juftices of the peace for the city of London or the county of MidJlefeXy and which he and they are hereby relpeftively authorized and required to admini-fter and take, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit ard pay the fum of twenty pounds, and on meters XV. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefiud, Qk. That if any labouring coal meter (hall, at anv time or timei to beufed, hereafter, during the continuance of this aft, ufe, or permit or fuffer facks to be made ufe of, for the meafuring or carrying of coals, of lefs dimenfions than four feet in length, and two to in breadth, at any place or places within the city of London vd the liberties thereof, or at any wharf, warehoufe, or placet fituate between the tower of London and Limehoufe Holt in the county of Middleftx, being convifted thereof by the oaths (or being one of the people called Quakers, by affirmation) of two or more credible witnefles, before one or more of his Nlajeftys juftices of the peace for the city of London or county of Aftddlh fix, and which he and they are hereby refpeftively authorised and required to srdminifter and take, (hall, for every offence, forfeit and pay the fum of lorty (hillings.

XVI. And it is hereby further enadted by the authority afbit» faid. That if any labouring coal meter, to be appointed and qualified purfuant to this aft, (hall at any time or times here-after, during the continuance of this aft, deliver a falfe or counterfeit ticket to any dealer, confumer, carman, or other perfon, with intent to prejudice or defraud any pcrlon or gr-

cr otherwife not performing their duty.

ty€6.3	Anno feptimo Georgii HI. c. zf. ZBi

ions whatfoever, or (hall take or receive from any dealer hi roals any (urn or fums of money, fee, reward, or gratuity whatfoever, over and befides the four pence per chaldron herein before enalted and allowed to be taken for die metage charge; or if any fuch labouring coal meter (hall wilfully make, permit, or fuffer to be made, falfe meafures of coals, at any place or places within the city of London, and the liberties thereof, or at any wharf, 'warehoufe, or place, fituate between the tower of London and Lmehoufe Hole in the county of Afiddlefexj being in any or either of the faid cafes convicted thereof, by the oaths (or being one of the people called Quakers9 by affirmation) of two or more credible witnefles, before one or more of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace for the city of London, or the county of Middlefexy and which he and they are hereby refpeltively authorized and required to adminifter and take, (hall, for eveiy offence in either of the faid cafes, forfeit and pay the fum or five pounds, and be rendered incapable of ever ferving thereafter in the office of a coal meter.

XVII.	Provided always, and it is hereby declared. That this exemptions aft (hall not extend to the owners of any works for railing wa- with refpeft ier by fire, nor to the owners ojf any coals to be bought, fold, and delivered as and for pool meafure, but that they (hall and 1 jnay have one chaldron of coals, or more, delivered under the fafpe&ion of his or their own agent (in the sbfence of a me-fer) and in that cafe, fuch perfons are hereby refpeltively exempted from payment of any metage charge, by virtue of this ; but if fuch perfons (hall require the care or attendance of any meter to be appointed in purfuance of this alt, then, and In fuch cafq, they (hall pay the metage charge of four pence by 1 the chaldron hereby laid, as other confumers of coals are hereby obliged, or ought to do, in purfuance of this alt; any thing herein before contained to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

XVIII.	And be it further enalied by the authority aforefaid. Penalty on That if any fuch labouring coal meter (hall, from and after meters fuffer-be laid firfi day of June, one thoufand feveo hundred and fix-in£co?1* to y feven, wittingly or willingly fuffer any coals fold as and for Eeingmea-vharf meafure (exceeding the quantity of feventeen bufhels) fureu. o be fent from any wharf or warehoufe within the faid city of Znndon^ and the liberties thereof, or from any wharf or ware-loule fituate between the tower of London and Limehoufe Hole A the county of Middiefext without being meafured in the nanner herein before directed, and (hall not give information icreof to the principalland coal meter, or his deputies, at the lid office, within two days next after fuch coals (hall have eeo fent as aforefaid, and (hall be duly convilted thereof, by !se oaths of two or more credible witneffes; fuch labouring coal leter (hall from thenceforth be for ever rendered incapable of Sting as a labouring coal meter within the limits comprized in bdt •aft, and forfeit and pay the fum of five pounds.	Coals	may	b*

JOX. Provided alfo, and be it further enafted by the autho* remeafured, fry aforefaid) That if any perfon (hall be diflatisfied with, or A a 3	thicvls,

354 .

Cabmen to be paid is. 6d. per hour, when (lopped to remeafure coals.

Anno feptimo GeoRGii III. c. 23.'	[176&

think him or herrelf aggrieved by or in themeafure of any coals fold to him or her by wharf meafure within the limits aforefaid, and lhall upon delivery to him or her of the meter’s ticket accompanying fuch coals, fignify his or her detire to have the fame remeafured; then, ana in every fuch cafe, the carman or driver of the cart or other carriage, in which the faid coals lhall be brought, (hall continue at the houfe or lodging of the pur-chafer of the faid coals, with the faid coals and faid cart until they are remeafured ; and the faid purchafer lhall immediately fend or caufe to be fent to the vender of the faid coals, or to his or her wharf, notice in writing, that the faid coals are going to be remeafured, and alfo Tend notice thereof to the land coal meter’s office; and thereupon the faid principal meter, or one of the labouring meters (not being the meter under whofe infpe&ion the faid coals were originally meafured) (hall, within the fpace of two hours next after fuch notice in writing left at the land coal meter’s office aforefaid, attend to remeafure the faid coals, and (hall accordingly remeafure the fame, feck by fack, in the prefence of the vender and purchafer of the laid coals, or their agents or fervants, if any of them lhall attend and defire to fee the fame remeafured; for which re-admeafure-xnent the purchafer (hall pay the principal meter the fum of fix pence for every chaldron of coals fo remeafured : and in cafe the coals thus remeafured lhall not amount to the j quantity for which they were fold, then the vender of fuch coals lhall forfeit and pay for every bulhel of coals found deficient the fum of five pounds, and alfo forfeit every chaldron of coals fo found deficient or wanting in meafure to and for the ufe of the poor of the parifh where the faid coals (hall be fo remeafured ; and the labouring meter, under whole infpetfion the coals were firft meafured, (hall, for every bulhel fo deficient, forfeit and pay the fum of twenty (hillings*; which fum, if not paid within five days next after his convidion, lhall and may be recovered from the perfon executing the office of principal meter for the time being; and the coal porten who lhall meafure the fame for the vender thereof, (hall, fee every bulhel of coals fo wanting, forfeit and pay the fum of two (hillings and fix pence.

XX.	Provided alfo, and be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That in all cafes where any cart lhall be (topped or detained for the purpofe or pretence of re-admeafiiring the coals laden thereon, the owner of every fuch cart lhall be in-titled to the fum of two (hilling and fix pence per hour, for every hour the cart (hall be fo detained, oyer and above the ufual cartage of fuch coals; which two (hillings and fix pence per hour (hall be paid by the vender of the faid coals, in cafe the fame (hall, upon fuch re-admeafurement, be found deficient in meafure; or by the purchafer of the faid coals, in cafe the fame (hall not be remeafured, or (hall, upon fuch re-ad-meafurement, be found to amount to the quantity for which tfic fame vere fold.

•1766.] Anno feptimo Georgii III. C.23; .	355

XXI.	Provided alfo, and be it further enaCted by the autho- Dealers of-

rity aforefaid, That no feller of, or dealer in, coals, within the	™j;cr

limits aforefaid, (hall, for any offences under this aft, be Tub- jjaye t*Q jcdor liable to any other penalty, forfeiture, or difability, than nalties of aft what are herein before refpeCtively inflicted or enaCted, in or by 3 Geo* *• the aCt of the third year of the reign of his late majefty King

George the Second, intituled. An aft for the better regulation of the toal trade, or any other law, ftatute, or cuftom, to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXII.	And be it further enaCted and declared by the authority Recovery and aforefaid, That the aforefaid feveral forfeitures and penalties im- application pofed, and to be incurred, by virtue or under this prefent aCt, Penalties, (hall be recovered and applied in the manner, and to and for the &c# purpofes, following (that is to fay) fuch and fo many of the

laid forfeitures and penalties as do and (hall exceed the fum of five pounds, by aCtion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at JVeJlminJier\ the one moiety of which laid forfeitures and penalties (that is, where each of them exceeds five pounds) (hall be to and for the ufe of our fovereign lord the King, his heirs, and fucceffors, and the other moiety thereof (with full cofts of fuit) to and for the ufe of fuch perlon or perfons who (hall inform or fue for the fame; and all other the aforefaid forfeitures and penalties (hall be recovered by way of complaint made unto any one or more juftice or juftices of the peace for the city of London, or for the faid county of MiddleJeXy who is and are hereby required to call the parties before him or them, and to hear and examine fuch complaint on oath, or upon affirmation (in cafe any teftimony in this refpcCt (hall be given by any of the people called gtuaters, and which oath or affirmation fuch juftices are hereby refpe&ive-Jy required and empowered to adminifter and take) and upon due proof thereof made to his or their fatisfa&ion, to grant a warrant under his or their hand and feal, or hands and feals, for levying fuch forfeitures and penalties accordingly; the one moiety thereof to and for the ufe of the informer, and the o-ther moiety thereof to and for the ufe of the poor of the parifh in which fuch offences (hall have been refpeCtively committed; and in cafe fuch forfeitures or penalties (hall not (after fuch conviction or convictions) be forthwith paid, that then the fame fhall be levied by diftrefs and fale of the goods and chatties of therefpedive offenders, by warrant or warrants under the hand and feal, or hands and feals, of fuch juftice or juftices of the peace, before whom fuch offender or offenders (hall be convicted, rendering the overplus (if any be) to fuch offender or offenders; and for want of fumcient diftrefs, fuch offender or offenders (hall be committed to hard labour for any time not exceeding thirty days, and not lefs than feven clays, there to remain and be kept to hard labour.

XXIII.	Provided alfo, and it is hereby further enaCted and Perfon» ag-dedared. That if any perfon fo convicted as think, himfelf aggrieved, he may appeal to the

A a 4

general quarter quarter ftt feffions non*.

35$

Anno feptimo GpoRGij IQ. C. 13.'	£1766.

feflions of the peace to be held for the city of London or county of Middlefex next after fuch convidion, but not afterwards; and that feflions, when fo appealed to, (hall, at the then next feflions after bringing fuch appeal, hear and finally determine the fame; and if the appellant in fueh appeal (hall not make

!;ood, fupport, and fucceed in fuch his appeal, or profecute the ame with effect, the faid court of feflions (hall then award fuch pofts as they (hall think reafonable, to be then and there in open court, with the penalty adjudged on and by fuch convidion, paid to the profecutor or informer; and for want thereof to commit the perfon or perfons thus appealing to the common gaol of and for the city of London or the county of Middlefex^ and there to remaiq until he or they (hall and do make adual payment of fuch cods and penalty, to the perfon or perfons to whom the fame (hall be awarded, for the purpofes aforefaid; but in cafe the faid appellant (hall makegood, fupport, and fucceed in foch his appeal, and be acquitted of his convidion, the fame court (hall, in that cafe, award to fuch appellant reafonable colls, to be then and there in open court paid to him or them, by the perfon or perfons on whofe information or profecution fuch convidion (hall have been founded or made; and for want of fuch payment, the faid court of feflions (hall commit fuch informers and profecutprs refpedively to the common gaol of the fiud city of London or the county of Middlefex, there to remain until he or they (hall and do adually pay to fuch appellant the cods lb refpedively awarded to them as aforefaid; but no convidion to be pronounced or made by virtue of or under this a61, (hall be quadied or vacated for want of form only, tfo Certiorari.	XXIV. And it is hereby enadcd, That no writ of Certiorari

(hall iflue or be iflfuable to remove the record of any convidion, or proceedings thereon to be taken, made, or pronounced, in purfuance or by the authority of this adf into any of his faid Majedy’s courts of record at JVeJiminJler. limitation of XXV. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, ^tious. That if any adion, information, or fuit, (hall be brought, filed, or profecutcd, againd any perfon or perfons, for any thing to be done in purfuance of this ad, the fame (hall be commenced or filed within two months next after the fad committed, and not afterwards; and (hall be laid in the city of London, and not elfewhere; and the defendant or defendants in or to fuch adioos, General iflue. fuits, or informations, may plead the general iflue, and give this ad and the fpecial matter in evidence on any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuance of this ad: and if the fame (hall appear fo to have been done, or if any fuch adion, fuit, or information, (hall be brought or filed after the time for this purpofe herein before in this refped limited, or (hall be laid or brought in any other county or place, then the jury, in every fuch cafe, (hall find for the defendant or defendants; and it the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall become nonfuit, or fiiffer a difcontinuance of his, her, or their adion or adioos, pr if a verdid (hall pafs againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs; or if

1766.] Anno feptimo Georgii IE. e. 14.	357

upon demurrer judgement (hall be given againft the plaintiff or Treble cods, plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants (hall have full cofts, and Such remedy for the recovery of the fame, as any defendant or defendants nath or have for cods of fuit in other cafes by law.

XXVI.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, Publick aft. That this prefent aft (hall be deemed, judged, and taken to be*

a publick aft; and (hall be judicially taken notice of as fuch by all judges, juftices, and all other perfons whatsoever, without fpeciallv pleading the fame.

XXVII.	And it is hereby further enafted by the authority Term of the aforefaid. That this aft (hall continue and be in force for four-

teen years from and after the faid firft day of June, one thou-fand Seven hundred and (ixty Seven, and from thence to the end of the then next fefiion of parliament.

CAP. XXIV. .

An aft for railing the Sum of one million five hundred thoufand pounds, by way of annuities and a lottery, attended with annuities to be charged on the finking fund.

Preamble. The fum of t,500,000k granted; to be railed, viz. 900,000k thereof by annuities, and 6oo,oool. by a lottery. Natives or foreigners, who, in books opened at the bank, have fubferibed to the faid fum of 900,000 k and depofited 15I. per cent, of their fubfeription-money, are to pay the remainder as herein direfted. 10I. per cent, by *7 May, 1767 $ xok per cent, by %6 June; 15k per cent, by *7 Auguft; 151, per cent, by 15 Sept. 15k per cent, by 30 Oftober; and 15k percent, by 17 Nov. fub-fenptions to the lottery to be paid, viz. 05k per cent, by 16 June; 30I.per cent by 18 July; and 40k per cent, by xi Sept. Subfcriben to the laud fum ofjoo,oool. in titled to an annuity of 3k per cent. Intereft to commence from 5 Jan. 1767. The 600,000 k to be raifed by a lotteiy, to carry an intereft of 3L per cent, to commence from 5 Jan. 1768. Intereft on both fums to be paid half-yearly, on 5 July, & 5 Jan. Subfcribers paying the whole of their fublcriptions towards the annuities on or before *7 October, and to the lottery, on or before 14. July, to be allowed intereft, by way of difeount, for the fame. Tickets for tne lottery to be delivered to fubferibers coropleating their fublcriptions. Annuities made transferable. Receipts to be given for the money paid in towards the faid fum of 000,0001. the fame are made transferable. Calhier of the bank to give fe-curity for duly accounting for, and paying over the faid monies into the exchequer! Treafury to apply the money to the fervices voted this fefiion. Names of contributors to be entered in books to be provided by the ac-comptant general of the bank; to be infpefted gratis^ Duplicate to be traqimitted into the auditor's office of the exchequer. Contributors, duly paying thjrir contribution monies, intitled to a proportionable lhare of the annuities; ajjd the fame are to be tax-free; but where the fums fubferibed (hall not be duly paid, the depofit, &c. is forfeited to the publick. Credit to be given, in the books at the bank, to contributors compleating their payments to the faid fum of 900,000 k Perfons, to whofe credit fuch fums lball be placed, may afiign the fame; the faid fums to carry 31, per cent, intereft* and be deemed transferable Hock. Annuities charged on the finking fund. Managers and direftors of the lottery to be appointed by the treafury. Method of the lottery books. Managers to examine the books with the tickets, and deliver them after to the calbiersofthe bank, taking a receipt for the fame. Calhiers to return the books with the remainder of the tickets. Tickets of the middle columns to be rolled up, and fattened with filk; and cut off indentwife into a box marked with the letter (A) box to be locked up and fealed. Books to be prepared with % columns, on each of which 60,000 tickets to be printed. The number and yalue of the fortunate tickets. 500 k to the fiat drawn ticket, and'1000k to the laft drawn. Tickets of the outermoft columns of thf laft-mentidned

i

35®

Preamble.

Anno feptimo Georg 11 III. c. [176

book to be rolled up and tied, and cut out indentwUe, into a box marked with the letter (B) box to be locked up and fealed. Publxck notice to be

fiven of the times of putting the tickets into the boxes. Lottery to begin rawing on 16 Not. 1767. Method to be obferved in drawing, &c. After each day's drawing, the boxes to be locked up and felled. Number of the fortunate tickets, and the fums, to be printed. Difputes relating thereto, to be adjuftedby the managers. Penalty of forging tickets or certificates, felony. Managers to be fworn. Cafhier, on receiving the refidue of the fums fubferibed, the bearers intitled to one lottery ticket for every 101, fubferibed. Contributors not making good their payments with refpert to the faid lottery, within the times limited, to forfeit their depofits 3 and the tickets for fuch fums to be delivered back into the exchequer. Managers, See. to be paid by the comnrflioners of the treafury. Limitation of fale of chances, &c. Penalty. Perfons felling (hares in tickets of which they are notpofTdled, forfeit coo 1. Offences committed in Ireland againft alts for preventing unlawful lotteries, declared to be puniihabie, and may be fued for in Dublin. After the drawing of the lottery, the tickets to be ex-changed for certificates. Managers to give notice of the time for taking in the tickets, and delivering out the certificates, Sec. Books to be kept for entering perfons names, and the number of their tickets, &c. Certificates to be (igned, Sec. Accomptant general to give credit for the principal fums in the certificates. Alignments may be made of the faid fums, See. Certificates to be filed and cancelled, and notes to be given in lieu thereof. Bank to employ a chief clerk and accomptant general. Monies to be iJTued out of the (inking fund, from time to time, to the faid clerk, for payment of the annuities $ who is to apply the fame accordingly, and render an account thereof. Accomptant general to infptrt the receipts and payments, with the vouchers. Annuities deemed a perfonal eft ate, and to be added to the joint flock transferable at the bank; fubjert to redemption. Transfer books to be kept by the accomptant general. Method of transferring dock. Annuities devifeable by will. Entry to be made of fuch claufe in the will. Treafury to pay all incident charges attending the execution of this art; and to make an allowance to the cafhier, ana «c-comptant general; to be at the difpofal of the governor and company of the bank. Bank to continue a corporation till tliefe annuities be redeemed, Scc. No fee to be taken for receiving or paying the contribution-monies, annuities, Sec. on penalty of 101. General i(Tue. Treble cods.

CAP. XXV.

An ail	for redeeming	one fourth part of the joint flock of

annuities eftablijhed by an ail made in the third year of bis prefent	Majejlys reign, intituled, An aft for granting to

his Majefty fcveral additional duties upon wines imported into this kingdom; and certain duties upon all cyder and perry; and for raifing the fum of three millions five hundred thoufand pounds by way of annuities and lotteries, to be charged on the faid duties.

Moft gracious Sovereign,

WHERE AS	inpurfuanct of an ail made in the third year of

your Majejlys reign, intituled,An act for granting to his Majefty feveral additional duties upon wines imported into this kingdom; and certain duties upon all cyder and perry; and fof railing the fum of three millions five hundred thoufand pounds by way of annuities and lotteries, to be charged on the laid duties; the fum of three millions five hundred thoufand pounds was roiftd far the public fervite\ which fum was to be deemed one -5	td

1766*] Anno fcptlmo GeoRGII III. c. 25:	<359

tal and joint floci, and to be attended with annuities after the rati of four pounds per centum, redeemable by parliament: and whereas your Majejlfs mojl dutiful and Ioypl fubjefts, the commons of Great Britain in parliament ajfembled, have refolved\ that one fourth part of the faid capital Jlock be redeemed ana paid off on the fifth day of January, one thoufand j'even hundred and fixty eighty and ftveral public notices have been given of the faid refolution by the fpeaker of the boufe of commons, purfuant to the order of that houfe: Therefore your faithful commons do mod humbly befeech your Ma-jefty, that it may be enacted; and be it enabled by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this ptefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That Juch notices as aforefaid (hall be, and be deemed, adjudged, tiontore-and taken to be, good and fufficient notice or notices within the deem one true intent and meaning of the faid a £1, for the redemption of fourth part one fourth part of the faid capital and joint (lock, and of the So3cCof a2-annuities attending on fuch part; and the fame (hall be redeem- nuities efU^ able and redeemed accordingly.	bliflied by a ft

3 Geo. 3. deemed good*

IL And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That The fum of on Qr before the fifth day of January, one thoufand feven hun- *75»°?°1-dred and fixty eight, there (hall and may be iflued and paid to ^wnc^alid the governor and company of the bank of England the fum of company of ‘ eight hundred and feventy five thoufand pounds, out of all or the bank,oat any the aids or fypplics granted in this fcflion of parliament of the flip-(except any particular aid or fupply which hath been, or (hall th^iSn^i be, in the fame fefiion, fpccially and intirely appropriated to any fa paying off one particular ufe or purpofe) which fum (hall be applied by the foeh one faid governor and company in payment of the like (urn of eight f^jtbp*^ hundred and feventy five thoufand pounds, for the redemption	*

and full fatisfatfion of one fourth part of the faid fum of three *	*

millions five hundred thoufand pounds, which was raifcd under the authority of the faid adt made in the third year of his pre-fent Majefty’s reign.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That and To much on or before the faid fifth day of January, one thoufand feven money as hundred and fixty eight, there (hall and may, by order of the &alt be ne* commiflioners ot the treafury, or any three or more of them, ^fchTree^f or the high treafurer for the time being, without any further or the annuities other warrant to be fued for, had, or obtained, in that behalf, attending the be iflued and paid, at the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, to ”° ** ' the governor and company of the bank of England, by way of of the linkimg impreft and upon account, out of the furplufles, excefles, orfundj * overplus monies, commonly called The finking fundy fuch fum of money as (hall be neccflary for the dilcharge of (he annuities attending fuch one fourth part of the faid capital and joint (lock, from the tenth day of Oflobcry one thoufand feven hundred and" fixty feven, to the fifth day of January following, inclufive; which fum (hall be applied by the faid governor and company h) whichtbeyare tJifthargc of fuch annuities accordingly* at the fame time that t0^,yjac“

$66

Anno feptimo Georgii III. c.	(i?66;

the refpeftive principal monies compofing fuch one fourth part fhall be paid and fatisfied; and that all fuch annuities, inrefpedk of fuch one fourth part, (hall ceafe and be cxtinguifhed from the faid fifth day of "January, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty eight.

Monies iffu-	1V. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That

ing out of the fums 0f money which fhall be iflued and applied by virtue S^mUced. ^s out A* forpluflcs, excefles, or overplus monies,

* for payment of the faid annuities, fhall be made good and replaced by and out of the fupplies to be granted in the next feffion of parliament.

Annuities to V. Provided always, and be it further enafted by the autho-)k paid up to jjty aforefaid. That if all or any part of the principal monies 5 jan. 17 . pompofing fuch part of the faid capital and joint ftock hereby intended to be redeemed, fhall be paid and fatisfied at the bank pf England before the faid fifth day of Januaryr one thoufand feven hundred ahd fixty eight, the faia governor and company fhall, notwithftanding the fame, pay, and they are hereby im-powered to pay, in refpedt of the principal monies fo difeharged, the full fums which the annuities attending the fame would have amounted to on the faid fifth day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty eight; any thine herein, or in any other . aft, contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

T"canay:	VI. Provided always, 'and be it further enafted and declared

unredeemed/ by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the faid fifth to continue/ day of January, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty eight, the and be charg- annuities attending fuch part of the faid capital and joint ftock pa ^eoutof ** remain unredeemed, fhall continue to be charged and the fundi1 on * chargeable upon fuch funds, and fhall be paid thereout in fuch which they manner, as all the faid annuities are now charged and payable. Hand charged. VJI. Provided alfo, and be it further enafted by the autho-Bank not to rfty aforefaid9 That the faid governor and company, or any diAbiliiy member thereof, fhall not incur any difability for or by reafon for what pf his or their doing any matter or thing in purfuance of this adh they (hall do in purfuance of this act.

VIII.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That if any perfon or perfons fhall, at any time or times, be fued, molefted, or profecuted, for any thing by him or them done or executed in purfuance of this aft, or of any matter or thing therein contained, fuch perfon or perfons fhall and may GeneralifTue, plead the general iffue, and give the fpecial matter in evidence for his and their defence: and if a verdidt fhall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs fhall difeon-r tinue his or their aftion, or be nonfuited, or judgement fhall be given againft him or them, upon demurrer or otherwife; then Treble cofts. mch defendant or defendants fhall have treble cofts to him or them awarded againft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. XXVI.

An aft for redeeming the remainder of the joint flock of an-nuities eftablijhed by an aft made in the third year of bis

Anno feptimo Georg II 111. c. iff.	jtff

prefent Majtftfs reignV its reJpeSl of feveral navy, viflUaU tog* and tranfport bills,	ordnance debentures.

Moft gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS by an aft of parliament made in the third Preamble.

^ jwz/r Majefiys reign, intituled, An aCt for granting annuities to fatisfy certain navy, victualling, and tranfport bills, and ordnance debentures; and for charging the payment of fuch annuities on the finking fund; and making good tne fame to the faid fund, in manner therein mentioned; it was provided and dt~ retted^ That all and every perfon and perfons, bodies politick and corporate, who Jhould within the time therein limited, deliver in certain navy, victualling) and tranfport bills, and ordnance debentures, to be cancelled in manner thereby directed, Jhould\ for the principal fum or fums contained therein, and alfo for the intereft marked upon fuch of the faid bills as bore an intereft be refpettively intit led to and have an annuity after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum, to commence from the twenty fifth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty three, and to be payable half yearly at the bank of England, to fuch perfon or per fans, bodies politick or corporate, or fuch as he, fbt, or they Jhould appoint his, her, or their executors* ad-minifirators, jucceffors, or affigns* until redemption thereof by parlia* ment in manner therein mentioned; and that all fuch monies Jhould bi deemed to be capital or one joint Jlock on which the faid annuities Jhould be attending: and whereas the fever al principal monies contained in the bills and debentures delivered in and cancelled, together with fuch interejl as aforefaid, which were converted into a capital or joint Jlock in purfuance of the faid att, did amount to the fum of three millions four hundred eighty three thoufand five hundred fifty three pounds* one Jhilling, and ten pence: and whereas, in purjuance of two atts made in the fifth and fixth years of your Majefifs reign, one half of the faid capital or joint Jlock hath been redeemed, whereby the faid flock was reduced to the fum of one million feven hundred and forty one thoufand feven hundred andJeventy fix pounds, ten fbillings* and eleven pence: and whereas your Majejly's moft dutiful and loyal fubjetts* the commons of Great Britain in parliament ajfembled, have rejolvea that the remainder of the faid capital Jlock be redeemed and paid off on the twenty fifth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty feven, and feveral public notices have been given of the faid refolution by the fpealer of the boufe of commons* purfuant to the order of that houfe: Therefore your faithful commons do moft humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be enaCted; and be it enaCted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aftembled, and by the authority of the fame. That fuch notices as aforefaid (hall be, and be Notices given deemed, adjudged, and taken to be, good and fufficient notice °f ***•-or notices within the true intent and meaning of the faid aCt of the third year of his Majefty’s reign, for the redemption of the mainder of remainder of the faid capital or joint (lock, and of the annuities tbe joint

attending fto?k of an-mutics efta*

$62

btifhed by aft 3 Geo. 3. deemed good. The Turn of «.74*»7761

Anno leptimo Georgii III. c. 26.	[1766:

attending thereon; and the feme lhall be redeemable and re* deemed accordingly.

II. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That on or before the twenty fifth day of	,	one	thoufand	fe-

paid to the governor and company of the bank, out ot the fup-plies granted

ftock)

and (b much money as fhall be ne-ceffary for discharge of the annuities atendiner the fame, to

sot. 1 id. to be ven hundred and iixty feven, there (hall and may be iffued and paid to the governor and company of the bank of England, the fum of one million feven hundred and forty one thoufand (even hundred and feventy fix pounds, ten (hillings, and eleven pence, out of all or any the aids or fupplies granted in this feffion of . . _	parliament	(except any particular aid or fupply which hath been

fbr*r«leem'in or	111	^ie ^ame k®on» fpcciall}’and intirely appropriated

the faidjSnt8 to any one particular ufe or purpofe) which fum (hall be applied ~ •	by the faid governor and compsmy, in payment of the like fum

or one million feven hundred and forty one thoufand feven hun-dred and feventy fix pounds, ten (hillings, and eleven pence, for the redemption and full fatisfaftion of the remainder of the faid capital or joint fiock.

III.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That on or before the faid twenty fifth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty feven, there (hall and may, by order of the cominiffioners ot the trealury, or any three or more of them, or the high treafurer for the time being, without any furrher or other warrant to be fued for, had, or obtained, in that behalf, be iffued and paid, at the receipt of his Majefty**

P?th1 fCT?out exchequer, to the governor and company of the bank of Eng-tund^ *	*	l<wd> by way of impreft and upon account, out of the furpluffes,

*	excefles,	or	overplus	monies,	commonly	called	The	finking fund

(upon which the faid annuities were charged by the faid aft made in the third year of his prefent Majcfty’s reign) fuch fum of money as (hall be neceffary for the diteharge of the annuities attending fuch remainder of the faid joint ftock from the twenty ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty feven, to the twenty fifth day of December following inclufive; which fum (hall be applied by the faid governor and company in difeharge of fuch annuities accordingly, at the fame time that the faid principal monies compofing the remainder of the faid capital or joint ftock (hall be paid and fatisfied; and that all fuch annuities (hall ceafe and be extinguithed from the faid twenty fifth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty feven.

IV.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That the fums of money which (hall be iifiied and applied by virtue of this aft out of the faid furplufles, excefies, or overplus monies, for payment of the faid annuities, (hall be made good and replaced by and out of the fupplies to be granted in the next feflion of parliament.

V.	Provided always, and be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That if all or any part of the faid principal monies hereby intended to be redeemed, (hall be paid and fatisfied at the bank of England before the (aid twenty fifth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty feven, the (aid governor.

and

which they are to apply accordingly.

Monies iffued out of the finking fund to be replaced.

Annuities to be paid up to *5 *>cc. 1767.

1766.3 Anno feptimo Georgii HI.' <5.27.'	363	.

and company (hall, notwithftanding the fame, pay, and they are hereby impowered to pay, in refpeft of the principal monies fo ' discharged, the full fums which the annuities attending the fame ' would have amounted to on the faid twenty fifth day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty feven; any thing herein, or in any other aft, contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

VI.	Provided alfo, and be it further enafted by the authority Bank not to

aforefaid. That the laid governor and company, or any member thereof, (hall not incur any difability for or by reafon of his or whatthey their doing any matter or thing in purfuance or this aft.	(hall do m

purfuance of this aft. -

VII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid.

That if any perfon or perfons (hall at any time or times be fued, molefted, or profecuted, for any thing by him or them done or executed in purfuance of this aft, or of any matter or thing therein contained, fuch perfon or perfons lhall and may plead the general iflue, and give the fpecial matter in evidence for his and their defence: and if a verdift (hall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs lhall difeontinue his or their aftion, or be nonfuited, or judgement lhall be given againft him or them upon demurrer, or otherwife; then fuch defendant

or defendants lhall have treble colts to him or them awarded Treble cofts. againft fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. XXVII.

An aft for extending the royalty of the city of Edinburgh over certain adjoining lands ; and forgiving powers to the magif rates of Edinburgh for the benefit of the faid city, and to enable bis Majejly to grant letters patent for ejla-blijhing a theatre in the city of Edinburgh, or fuburbs thereof.

WHEREAS by an aft of parliament pajfed in the twenty fixth Preamble, re-yearoftbe reign of his late majejly King George the Second, citing a& intituled, An aft for erefting feveral publick buildings in the city	*•

of Edinburgh, and to impower the truftees therein mentioned to purchafe lands for that purpofe; and alfo for widening and enlarging the ftreets of the faid city, and certain avenues leading thereunto; it is enafted, That certain perfom therein named qs truj-tees, or any feven of them, Jhall have full power and authority to agree with the owners and occupiers of fuch houfes as lie\ on the north fide of the high Jlreet of the faid city; and having pur chafed the fame, to order the faid houfes to be pulled down, and the ground or area to be employed m fuch manner as the faid trujlees Jhall appoint, for rendering accefs to the faid city and high Jlreet thereof more eafy and commodious : and whereas the faid trujlees, in execution of the powers ve/led in them by the faid aft, did ere ft an exchange near the centre of the city; and did afterwards pay over the balance of the monies then remaining in their hands, which amounted to three thoufand pounds jler-*■*» or	thereabouts, to the magijlratts and council, to be applied fir

rendering

i*4	Ailno feptimo Georgii III.	[1766,

tendering accefs to the city more eafy and commodious: and whereat the extending the limits of the city ^/Edinburgh has been found necejfary, as well for thebenefit of trade and commerce, as for the convenient and health of the inhabitants, who are of late greatly increafed: and whereas the lord provojl, magiftrates, and council of the faid city, as well in farther execution of the before-recited aft* as in view to tie extenfion aforefaid, have expended large fums of money in purchafing houjes and areas on the north fide of the high Jlreet of the faid city and in building a bridge, whereby an eafy and proper communication will be opened to the city: and whereas the grounds after mentioned are without the royalty of the faid city\ and it being jufi and reafona-bU that the royalty of the faid city Jhould be extended over tkefe grounds, in confederation of the great expend the city has been and will be put to in building the laid bridge, and making the communication and atctfi to the faid city otherwife eajy\ and for the equal apportioning ofpub-lick burdens and benefits, and adminijlration of juflice ammgfi all the real inhabitants of the place; but at this falutary purpofe cannot bt accompli Jhed without the authority of parliament^ and as the proprietors of the feveral parcels of ground after mentioned, have either confentei, or are bound by their titles to confent, that their refpeftive lands /bail be included within the royalty of the city of Edinburgh, your Majefiy's mofi dutiful and loyal fuhjefls, the lord provojl, magijlrates and council of the city^/“Edinburgh, on behalf of them]elves and community of the faid city, do therefore mojl humbly befeech your Majejly, that it •	may be enafled ; and be it enabled by the King’s molt excellent

majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiri-tual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament af-Tlic royalty fembled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and after «JP**V* the twenty fourth day of June, in the year of our Lord one thou- j tended.^ ^an(^ ^even hundred and iixty feven, the royalty of the city of j Edinburgh fhall be extended over, and comprehend the following lands, which now belong in property to the faid city, videlicet, Thirty four acres, one rood, twelve falls, and twenty fix ells, being part of the lands and barony of Broughton: alfo thirty two acres of the lands called Barefoot Parks: alfo fix acres, ten falls, and twelve ells of lands of Moultreeshill: alfo two acres, two roods, thirteen falls, and twenty four ells, and one rood, thirty five falls, and twelve ells, likewife parts of the faid barony of Broughton, and lately purchafed from James Hogz and Katharine Thomfon: and alfo the lands called Forglen and Allen's Parks, the lands of Caltonhill, the lands of Greenfidc, and the lands of Pic-tardy (excepting fuch parts of the lands of Calton Hill which lie within the barony of Wefier RejUlridge, and do not belong in property to the city of Edinburgh) and alfo thefe other lands which have been feued by the governors of George Herriot’s hot pital, tothefeveral perfons after-mentioned, under an expreb condition and covenant, that in cafe the royalty of the city of Edinburgh fhould at any time thereafter be extended, fo as to comprehend their grounds, they, their heirs and afiigns, or the proprietors of the laid grounds for the time, fhould not only be fubjedled to build fuch houfes as they (hall build thereon, agree-

ably I

3 6

i?66.]' ' Anno feptimo Georgii III. e. 27.

ably to the plan to be concerted by the town council of Edin-burgh, and other ir^nagers for the time; but likewife the faid houfes to be built thereon (hall be fubjedt and liable to pay the fame publick burdens as the other inhabitants of the city are fubjedt and liable to pay; videlicet, Four acres, feued to Hew Crawfurd; five acres, twenty-four falls, and twenty one ells, to jfatnes Grant; twelve acres, one rood, and thirty nine falls, to James Stuart; one acre, two roods, and nineteen falls, to 'Andrew Chalmer; two acres and one rood to John Jardine; nine acres, one rood, thirty three falls, and thirty four ells, to James Finlay; two acres, one rood, thirty nine falls and half a fall, to Robert Raeburn; eleven acres and fixteen falls to Charles Rrjkine\ nineteen acres, two roods, four falls, and thirty one ells, to Alexan~ der Cunninghame-, five acres, one rood, thirty two falls, and fifteen ells, to Robert Anderfm; one acre, one rood, and fixteen falls, to Thomas Simpfon*, one rood to Thomas Spence; five acres, one rood, twenty fix falls, and five ells, to Andrew Chalmer; twenty fix falls to IVittiam Lauder; thirteen acres, three roods, and fifteen falls, to JVilliam Mure\ one acre, twenty fix falls, and half a fall, to Robert Mylne; three acres, two roods, and thirty feven falls, to .Robert Anderfon ; one rood, twelve falls, and half a fall, to Daniel Seton; twenty three falls to Patrick Fairley; two acres, one rood, thirty fix falls, and ten ells, to Alexander Hunter; and two acres, three roods, twenty four falls, and thirty two ells, feued to Lauchlan Hunter: and likewife the following two parcels of land, which, by confent of the proprietors, are to be included within the faid royalty; videlicet, Eleven acres, and half an acre, of the lands of Broughton, belonging to the heirs of George Drummond efquire, deceafed; and feven acres, three roods, and twenty falls, part of the lands of Brough• ton Parks, belonging to the governors of George Her riot's hofpi-tal: and that the faid magiftrates and town council, from and after the faid twenty fourth day of June, in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and fixty feven, (hall have and enjoy the fame rights, privileges, and jurifdidtions, over the faid grounds hereby annexed to and comprehended in the faid royalty, as they do now enjoy and exercife over and within the limits of the prefent royalty, by any law, ftatute, or eftabliftied cuf-tom; and (hall, and they are hereby impowered to levy the fame maills, duties, cuftoms, and other taxations, within thefe annexed grounds, in the fame manner, and by fuch adtions at law, as the faid magiftrates and town council are intitled to ufe, by any law, ftatute, or otherwife, within the prefent royalty,, for recovery of fuch maills, duties, cuftoms, and taxations, as aforefaid.

II. And whereas feveral parcels of the lands feued out as aforefaid Certain lands by the governors of George Her riot’s hofpiial, and comprehended on which within the faid royalty, were granted by the faid governors, and ac- ^fes havs gutrid by the pur chafers for the purpofe of building thereupon country- bcen houfes and offices, with gardens and tnclofures adjoining; and it being exempted* ttafonable that the parcels fo granted Jbould not be fubjtiled to the city from city Vol. XXVII.	BJ>	burden;	taxations#

366

Anno feptimo Georgii III. c. 27.	[1766.

burdens and taxations, fo long as they /ball continue to be ufed and occupied in the manner and for the purpofes originally granted j be it therefore ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That nothing in this acontained (hall be underftood to fubjedt to the faid city burdens and taxations any country-houfe or offices, built or to 'be built on fuch parcels of land as aforefaid, in any cafe where the owner of fuch country-houfe is pofiefted in property of at leaf! three acres of ground adjoining to fuch country-houfe and offices, including the areas of the fame, and on which there (hall be no other buildings, except the country-houfe and offices aforefaid.

Five acres, of III. Provided always, and it is hereby enalted and declared, which John That the five northmoft acres of the aforefaid feven acres, three Dick Con i» to roods, and twenty falls, part of the lands of Broughton, belong-rirnotCto" ing to the governors of George Herriot's hofpital, of which five be comp re- acres John Dickfon of Kilhutho efquire is to obtain a feu-right, bended in the by virtue of articles of agreement entered into betwixt him and royalty with- the magiftrates and town council of Edinburgh, (hall not be com-fent.1*0011" prehended within the royalty of the faid city of Edinburgh, un-lefs the faid John Dickfon or his heirs do, by a written confent under his or their hands* fignify his or their willingnefs to hare the faid five acres comprehended within the royalty of the faid city ; and that the faid confent be recorded in the particular re-gifter of feafines for the Ihireof Edinburgh, within twelve calendar months after the twenty fourth day of June, in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and fixty feven ; any thing in this a<5l to the contrary notwithftanding.

Right* of the IV. Provided always, and it is hereby fpccially provided and college of ju- declared, That nothing in this aft fhall prejudice the rights, ftice laved. privileges, and immunities, competent to the college of juftice;

but that whatever rights, privileges, and immunities, belong to them within the prefent city, (hall likewife be underftood to belong to them within the bounds over which the royalty by this ad is extended.

Royalty not V. Provided always, and it is hereby declared. That nothing herein contained (hall extend to that part of the lands of Calton* Cdoniiilh in lying within the barony of IVefler Rejlalridge, which do not the barony	to the faid city of Edinburgh; or to the rights, liberties,

\Vcitci Reltal- and immunities, prcfently enjoyed by the managers and truftees ridge» See, of the ci.mbrick manufactures in tiic lands ot Piccardy before mentioned; all which rights, liberties, and immunities, are hereby cxpref&ly faved and referved to the faid managers and truftees ; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

Sheriff of Mid	VI. 'Provided always, and it is hereby enabled and declared,

Lothian to af- That it (hall and may be lawful for the fticriff of the county of wrtain the fom Lothian, and he is hereby impowered and required, upon titularies. application of the lord provoft, magi ft rates, and council ofthi faid city of Edinburgh, to afeertain and fet off the exadt limits and boundaries of the aforefaid grounds above deferibed, agree-

i

1766.] Annofeptimo GeoRGIi III. c. 27*	367

able to the charters and infeftments granted to the proprietors of the faid grounds, and that in a fummary manner.

VII.	Provided always, and it is hereby enafted and declared, Perfons ag-That it may and fliali be lawful for any perfon who apprehends

himfelf aggrieved by the determination of the faid (heriff of the]a0^a0f0 * county of Mid Lothian, to apply for redrefs to the lords of coun- council and cil and feffion, either by advocation, fufpenfion, or ordinary ac;- feffion. tion, within twelve calendar months after his determination; and failing of any fuch application for relief within the time aforefaid, then the order and determination of the faid flicriff is and (hall be final.

VIII.	Provided always, and it is hereby declared. That it Sheriff and lhall be competent for the (heriff of the county of Mid Lothian,

and the jufticcs of the peace for the faid county, to exercife the to exercifc lame powers and jurifdiftions within the faid lands hereby an- jurifdiftion nexed to and comprehended within the faid royalty, as are com- over the lands petent to the faid (heriff and juftices of peace within the prefent a*10***4* royalty ; any thing in this aft to the contrary notwithftanding.

IX.	Provided always, and it is hereby enafted and declared, Seafinet, That all feafines, renounciations, and reverfions of lands, and other fubjefts, lying within the limits hereby annexed to and s comprehended in the faid royalty, (hall be regiftered in the particular regifter of feafines, renounciations, and reverfions, kept

at Edinburgh for the (heriffdoms of Edinburgh, Linlithgow, Had-dington, and Bathgate, as they prefently are in ufe to be regifter ed there $ any thing to the contrary in this aft notwithstanding.

X.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That Stent maften the faid magiftrates and town council of the city of Edinburgh, torlcv7 the lhall have full power to appoint ftent matters to levy from the cc^ ^ proprietors and poffeffors of all fuch houfes as are built, or (hall hereafter be built, upon the forefaid grounds hereby annexed to,

and comprehended within, the faid royalty, an equal portion of the cefs-.annuity, poors-money, and watch-money, payable by the city of Edinburgh, in the fame way and manner as the fame are now levied within the prefent royalty.

XI.	Provided always. That the heritors of the faid county of Heritors of , ATid Lothian, and all other perfon and perfons whatfoever, (hall Mid Lothian have and enjoy all (uch rights and privileges for tranfporting

their goods and commodities through the whole grounds hereby through the annexed, as they now have and enjoy through the limits of the grounds an-prefent city of Edinburgh: and that no city duties or imports for nexed, as importation, or otherwife, (hall be claimed or extrafted. upon wines, or other liquors, timber, or any other merchandife what- burgh. ** Ibever, for pafling through any of the faid grounds hereby an-aexed, unlefs the fame (hall be unpacked or confumed within the hid city and annexed grounds.

XII.	Provided always, and it is hereby enafted, That the fe- Lands annex, feral lands hereby annexed to the royalty of the city of Edin- cd liable to eh« hrgb9 (hall, befides the cefs to be levied by the colleftor of the

Own for and in refpeft of the houfes and buildings, remain li-

B b a	able.

Anno fcptimo GeoRGII III. C. 27*	[,1766*

able, and be fubjefted to the payment of a rateable proportion of the cefs and land tax, and othejr publick taxes impoted, or to be impofed, on the (hire of Edinburgh, for and. in refpedt of the ground, to be levied in the fame manner as formerly j any thing in this to the contrary notwithftanding.

XIII.	Provided always, and it is hereby enabled and declared, That it (hall and may be lawful to all and every perfon and per-fons to cxercife any trade or calling within the limits of the lands hereby annexed to, and comprehended within, the faid royalty j any thing in this prefent a6t to the contrary not wit hftanding: laving always, and referving to the feveral focieties and incorporations within the city of Edinburgh, all fuch rights and privileges which do now belong and are enjoyed by them within the limits of the prefent royalty of the faid city.

Saving to the XIV. Provided always, andjt is hereby exprefsly declared, tenants hold* That nothing herein contained (hall extend to, or prejudice, the tacks "from	rights of tenants holding under tacks from the city of Edinburgh

the city of any of the lands hereby annexed to, and comprehended within, Edinburgh, the faid royalty, and belonging in property to the community of the faid city.

Grounds an-	XV. Provided always, and be it enadted. That the aforefaid

nexed to the grounds hereby annexed to, and comprehended within, the dt> alannexed roya^y l^e city of Edinburgh, (hall be, and they are hereby, totheparifh fur ever after, disjoined from the parifti of Saint Cutbbert's or of St. Giles. tVeflkirk, and South Leith, and are hereby annexed to the pari(h of Saint Giles within the city of Edinburgh.

Lands disjoin- XVI. Provided always, That the lands hereby disjoined from ed from the the par,(hes of Saint Cutbbert's and South Lcithy and the heritors Ciuhberfs thereof, (hall remain liable and be fubjedted to the minifters fti-and South pends, and other parochial buidens; and that the tythes payable Leith, fubjedt out of the lands hereby annexed, (hall be, and the fame are to minifters hereby, faved and referved to the true owners thereof, in the ipen s, c. fame manner as if this adt had never parted.

Patronage of XVII. Provided always, and be it enadled by the authority buU^or^an af°refa|d, That the right of patronage of fuch churches as (hall nexed lands", built and endowed by the community of the city of Edith to belong to burgh upon any of the faid grounds hereby annexed to, and the city of comprehended within, the faid royalty, thali, and is hereby de-Edinburgh. dared, to belong to the faid city ot Edinburgh, in the fame manner as the laid city holds the patronages ot the churches within the ancient royalty.

Savin? to his XV III. Saving alfo, and referv ing to his Majefty. and all other Majefty and perfon or perfons concerned, all rights and interefts (other than others.	the prefent extenfion of the faid royalty) which they had, have,

or may have, in the lands hereby annexed.

A theatre to XI A. And zvhereas a licenfed playhoufe is much wanted in that be eftabliflied part of the united kingdom called Scotland ; be it therefore further at Edinburgh. cnaded by the authority afbrefaid, That fo much of an adt of parliament which parted in the tenth year of his late Majefty’t reign, intituled. An aft to explain and amend fo much of an aid mok in the twelfth year of the reign of Queen Anne, intituled. An ad

f*

All perfons may exercife trades within limits of lands annexed.

1^66.] Anno feptimo GeoRGII III. c. 28.	369

for reducing the laws relating to rogues vagabonds, Jiurdy beggars, and vagrants, into one aft of parliament;	for the more effectual

punijbing fucb rogues, vagabonds, fturdy beggars, vagrants, fending them whither they ought to be fent j relates to common players of interludes \ whereby all perfons are difeharged to repre-fent any entertainment of the ftage whatever, in virtue of letters patent From his Majefty, or by licence of the lord chamberlain of his Majefly’s houlhold for the time being, except within the liberties of Weftminfter, or where his Majefty is refiding for the time being, be, and the fame is hereby, repealed, fo far as the fame refpe&s the city of Edinburgh: and that it (hall and may be lawful to his Majefty, his heirs, and fucceflors, to grant letters patent for eftablifhing a theatre or playhoufe in the city of Edinburgh, or fuburbs thereof, which (hall be intitled to all the privileges, and fubje&ed to all the regulations, to which any theatre or playhoufe in Great Britain is intitled and fubjedted.

XX.	Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That this publick aft. is a publick a; and (hall be deemed and taken notice of as fuch by all judges, juftices, and others, in all courts and places, vyitfrqut fpecially pleading the fame.

CAP. XXVIII. jSn aft for granting to bis Majejty additional duties upon certain linen cloth imported; and for carrying fucb duties, together with the additional duties granted in this fejfion of parliament upon the importation of baft or ftraw, chip, cane, and borfe-hair bats and bonnets, and certain materials for making the fame, to the finking fund,

Mofl gracious Sovereign,

WH ERE A S byan aft made in this feffion of parliament., the Preamble.

fum of one million five hundred thoufand pounds is authorized to be raifed for the publick fervice, by annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum, and a lottery to be attended with annuities after the like rate; and all fuch annuities are, by the faid aft, charged upon the fund commonly called The Sinking Fund: we, your Majefty's moft dutiful and loyal fubjefis, the commons of Great Britain in parliament ajfembled\ towards making goodrthe payment of the faid annuities Jo charged on the faid fund, have refolved to give and grant unto your Majefty the feveral additional rates and duties herein after mentionedy and do moft humbly befeech your Majefty, that it may Jje enabled; and be it ena<5ted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflem- ties'upon cerr t?Ied, and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the tain linen [twenty fifth day of May, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty cloth impoft-jjeven, there (hall be raifed, levied, colle&ed, and paid, unto his to takc Majefty, his heirs, and fucceflors, the feveral additional rates and Slay, 1767! . duties following j that is to fay,	9

I	'	B B 3

For

Anno feptlmo Georgii III. c. 28.	[1766.

The duties. For every ell of linen cloth or fheeting above one yard Englifi in width (except Flanders holland cloth) which (hall be imported into Great Britain, three pence.

For every ell of linen cloth called Dr'ilTing* which (hall be imported into Great Britain, three pence.

And after thofe rates for any greater or lefs quantity of fuch goods refpedtively, over and above all other duties impofcd thereon by any former alt of parliament.

Certain fpe- II. Provided always, and it is hereby further enalted, That cie» of cloth nothing herein before contained (hall extend, or be conftrued exempted |0 cxtend, to any linen cloth the produce and manufalture of dutiei. C * the fort* * nor to any damafk or diaper tabling, napken-ing, or towelling; nor to any cambricks or lawns ; nor to any Dutch barras or Hejfens canvas, which may be imported into this kingdom.

'Duties to be III. And be it further enalted by the authority aforefaid, paid down in That the faid duties granted by this all (hall be paid down in and to be ralf- reat*y money, without any difeount or allowance ; and fhali be ed and paid railed, levied, collelted, and paid, in the fame manner and form, as the former and by fuch rules, ways, and means, and under fuch penalties duties. and forfeitures, as are preferibed or appointed for railing, levying, colleHing, and paying, the former duties upon the like goods, imported into this kingdom, by any all or ads ot parliament now in force, as fully, to all intents and purpofes, as if the feveral claufes, powers, diredions, penalties, and forfeitures, re-fpedively relating thereto, were partieulary repeated, and again enalted, in the body of this prefent all.

Thefe duties IV. Provided always, and it is hereby enalted and declare;! by to be repaid the authority aforefaid. That in all cafes where any goods or the faideoods merchandizes that have paid the duties hereby granted fhall, at as (hall be ex- any time or times, be again exported by any merchant or mer-ported within chants, within three years from the importation thereof; the 3 years. duty by this all granted, and which (hall have been allually paid, for fuch goods or merchandizes, (hall, without any delay or reward, be repaid unto fuch merchant or merchants who rtiafi export the fame; under the fame rules, regulations, and reftric-tions, penalties and forfeitures, as are preferibed and direlted by any all of parliament with refpelt to any former drawback upon fuch goods.

Duties to be V., And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That paid into the the money arifing by the feveral rates and duties herein before Exchequer granted (except the neceflary charges of raifing, collelling, re* other brashes cover*ng> anc* Pay*ng» die fame) fhali, from time to time, be of the publick refpeltivcly paid into the receipt of his Majefty’s Exchequer, revenue; diftinlUy and apart from all other branches of the publickreve-and to be car- nuc. an(j (hall be carried to, and made part of, the fund, com-finkinVfhnd, monty called The Sinking Fund, towards making good the pay-towards pay- ment °f the annuities in refpell of the faid one million five htm-ment ot the dred thoufand pounds, charged upon the faid fund by the faid a&

made

w

•1766.] Anno feptimo Georgii III. c. 29;	371

made in this feflion of parliament, intituled. An aft for ratting* nnuitics the fum of one million five hundred thoufandpounds by way of an- Virion by mi ties, and a lottery attended with annuities, to be charged on tbev,c |ortery finking fund.	a&, &c. of

VI. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid,

That the monies which (hall, from time to time, arife and main in the receipt of his Majefty’s Exchequer, of the dutiesup^n granted by an a£t made in this feflion of parliament, intituled, AniUm and aft for granting to his Majefiy additional duties upon bajl or Jlraw, chiP ha.ts»to chip, cane, and hotfe-hair hats and bonnets, and upon certain materials ^eC^idffund for making the fame, imported into this kingdom, (hall be alfo carried towards mak-to, and made part of, the faid fund, towards making good the ing good the payment of the faid annuities.	payment	of

the faid an-

CAP. XXIX.

An aft for explaining an aft made in the twenty ninth year of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, to prevent extortion in Jheriffs, under-fheriffs, and bailiffs of franchifes or liber-ties, in cafes of execution.

HEREAS by an a51 made in the twenty ninth year of the Preamble, re-reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An a<5t to prevent ex-f,tir\? cla^® tortion in fheriffs, under-(heriffs, and bailiffs of franchifes or li- m a* *• berties, in cafes of execution; it is, amongft other things, enabled.

That it Jball not be lawful to or for any jberijf, under-Jheriff, bailiff of franchifes or liberties, nor for any of their officers, miniflers, fer-vants, bailiffs, or deputies, nor for any of them, by reafon or colour of their or either of their office or offices, to have, receive, or take, of any perfon or perfons whatfoever, dir eftly or indireftly, for the ferving and executing of any extent or execution upon the body, lands, goods, or chatties, of any perfon or perfons whatfoever, more or other confederation or recompence than in this prefent aft is and Jhall be limited and appointed, which Jball be lawful to be had, received, and taken; that is tofay, twelve pence of and for every twenty Jhillings, where the fum exceedeth not one hundred pounds; and fix pence of and for every twenty Jhillings, being over and above the faid fum of one hundred pounds, that he or they Jhall fo levy or extend, and deliver in execution, » or take the body in execution for, by virtue and by force of any fuch extent or execution whatfoever: and whereas, as the law nowJlands,

Jheriffs are, by virtue of the faid recited aft, intitled to the poundage therein mentioned, for taking the body of any perfon in execution, upon judgements obtained upon bail bonds, entered tnto for the appearance of perfons profecuted for offences againjl the laws relating to his Majejlyrs revenues of cujloms or excife, fuch bail bonds being prof ecuted in the name and at the fuit of the Jheriffs to whom fuch bail bonds are given, though the Jheriffs profecuting fuch bonds are merely truflces in the fuits, for the benefit of the crown, and the Jheriffs executing fuch pro-MCtfs would not in toofe cafes be intitled to any poundage, if the proceed-ings were carried on In the name of the crown; by means whereof the intent of the laws relating to the revenues of the cujloms and excife, will in fuch cafes be fo far defeated: to remedy which inconveni-

B b 4	ence

Anno feptimo GeoRGII III. c. 30,31.	[1766.

ence for the future, may it pleafe your Majefty, that it may be enacted 5 and be it enabled by the King’s moil excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, Cafes wherein and by the authority of the fame. That the faid recited a (hall &c. not extend, or be conftrued to extend, to allow any (heriff, un-

are declared der.(heriff, or other perfon whatfoever employed in the execution rot mtitltfd to r	r , c A , .	.	r,	r	e

poundage, by °* Proce*s> any poundage for taking the bodv of any perfon in

virtue of the7 execution, upon any procefs at the fuit of any (heriff, or other of-recited aft. ficer or minifter of the crown, upon any bail bond entered into for the appearance of any perfon profecuted, either for any duties due or payable to his Majefty, his heirs,* or fucceffors ; or for any penalty inflicted by any a<5t of parliament made or to be made for the preventing the dandeftine running or receiving any cuftomable or prohibited goods; or in any cafe whatfoever where the (heriff or officer executing fuch procefs would not be intitled to poundage, if the proceedings were or had been carried on directly in the name of the crown ; any thine; in the faid recited adt, or any other ad, to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. XXX.

An aft for allowing the free importation of rice, fago powdery and vermicelli, into this kingdom, from his Majefty's colonies in North America, for a limited time.

Preamble,	HEREAS the allowing the free importation of rice^fog)

* * powder, and vermicelli, from his Majefty*s colonies in North America into Great Britain, for a limited thney may be of great ad~ vantage: may it therefore pleafe your Majefty, that it may be enabled ; and be it enacted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, Rice allowed and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the fourth tobeimported day of Mayx one thoufand feven hundred and fixty feven, it (hall

from*North and

may be lawful for any perfon or perfons to import into Americaat Great Britain, from any of his Majeftv’s colonies in North Amt-any time be- ricax at any time or times before the firft day of December, one tween 4- May thoufand feven hundred and fixty feven, any rice; and at any and 1 Dec, tjmc or times before the firft day of December, one thoufand fe-and7fagopow-vcn hundred and eighty one, any fago powder and vermicelli; tUr, and ver- without the payment of any fubfidy, cuftom, duty, or impofition | in —lli, at any whatfoever; any thing in any former a<$t or acts of parliament, to Dec* i78irC * contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding,

CAP. XXXI.

An to indemnify fuch perfons as have omitted to qualify themfehres for offices and employments; and to indemnify juftices of the peace, deputy lieutenants, and others. of the militia, or others, who have omitted to regiftcr or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited bylaw, and for giving further time for thofe pur poles; and to indemnify member*, and officers in cities, corporations, and borough towns, wbofe ad* miffions have been omitted to be (tamped according to law, or, having been damped, have been loft or miflaid, and for allowing them time t»

provide

3 73

1766.3 Anno feptimo Georgii III. c. 32.

provide admiffions duly ftamped ; and to give further time to fuch per-fons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution ot indentures of clerks to attornies and folicitors.

Preamble, reciting the feveral qualifying adts of iGeo. j. 13Car. a. *5 Car. s. 30 Car. a. 8Geo. 1. 9 Geo. a. 18 Geo. 2. a Geo. 3, and 6 Geo. 3. Perfons, who at, or before, the paffing of this a£t, have omitted to qualify themfclves for offices and employments, as the laws dire£t, &c and who (hall duly qualify themfelves on or before 25 Dec. 1767 ; and deputy lieuts. and officers of the militia, who (hall, on or before the faid 25 Dec. duly leave their qualifications with the clerks of the peace ; are indemnified for any fuch previous omiffion, and recapacitated ; and all elections and adti done, or to be done, by them, &c.are declared to be as valid, as if they bad before duly qualified themfelves as the faid feveral adh diredt; except in fuch cafes where final judgement hath been given in any court for the penalty incurred by any fuch omiffion. Town clerks, and other public officers, and perfons, whofe appointments, and admiffions, or entries of adniiflions, in the court books, may not have been provided; or not duly ftampt; or which have been loll or miflaid ; providing, See. the fame on or before 25 Dec. 1767, are confiimed in their offices, and indemnified, notwithftapding fuch omiffion. Offices, See. already avoided by judgement of a court, and legally filled up, confirmed. Perfons who have omitted to caufe affidavits to be made and filed within due time, of contrails to ferve as clerks to attornies, or folicitors ; cauling the fame to be done on or before 25 Dec. 1767, are indemnified; and fuch affidavits are declared to be effcdtual. Perfons fued may plead the General lffiie.

CAP. XXXII.

jfn aft for applying the money granted, in this feffion of parliament y for carrying on an additional building for a more commodious pajfage to the boufe of commons, from Saint Margaret’s Lane and Old Palace Yard.

\\T H E R E A S the fum of two thoufand pounds bos been granted Preamble.

to his Majejly, in this fejfion of parliament, towards carrying on an additional building for a more commodious pajfage to the houfeof commons^ from Saint Margaret’s Lane and Old Palace Yard: and whereas an aft paffed in the twenty ninth year of the reign of his late Aft *9 Geo* majejly King George the Second', intituled, An a eft to enable the commifTioners for building a bridge crofs the river Thames^ from the city of Wejlminjier to the oppofite fhore in the county of Surrey, to purchafe houfes and grounds, and to widen the ways, and to make more fafe and commodious the ftreets, avenues, and paflages, leading from Charing Crofs to the two houfes of parliament, Wejlminjier Hally and the courts of juftice there, and Wejlminjier Bridge\ and to enable a lefs number of commiflion-ers to execute the feveral a&s relating to the faid bridge, than at prefent are required by law ; and for relief of George and fames Kingy with regard to a Icafe taken by their late father from the faid commiflioners : and whereas the ways and pajfages to the houfe of commons might be rendered more open, fafe* and commodious, in cafe the faid commijfioners were enabled to purchafe, pull down, and remove, certain houfes and buildings, and to carry on an additional * building from Saint Margaret’s Lane and Old Palace Yard: may It therefore pleafe your moft excellent Majefty, that it may be Cpa&ed 3 and be it ?na&ed by the King’s moft excellent majefty,

by

374

Three or more comm ifli oners for Weftmin-fter Bridge are authorized to agree for the purchafe of any freeholds, &c. neceflary for the pur-pofe of carrying on.an additional building for a more commodious pailage to the houie of commons.

A fum not exceeding zoool. to be iliued, and applied, out of the aids granted in this feffion, towards the faid purchafe and buildings.

Charges of this aft to be firft paid out of the faid monies. Cominiflion- ‘ ere, and per-ions afting under them, . indemnified for what they iliall do in purI'u a nee of this aft. Limitation of actions.

General UTue.

Anno feptimo Gborgii III. c. 32.'	[1766:

by and with the advice and confent of' the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the fame. That the laid commilGoners, or any three or more of them, (hall, and they have hereby full power and authority to agree with any owner or owners, occupier or occupiers, for the purchafe or any freeholds, buildings, tenements, or eftates whatfoever, for carrying on an additional building for a more commodious paflage to the houfe of commons, From Saint Margaret's Lane and Old Palace Yard 5 and for that purpofe lhall be veiled with the fame powers and authorities for the purpofe of obtaining, purchafing, pulling down, or removing, any building or buildings, felling the old materials, carrying on the faid new intended building, and doing all matters and things thereunto belonging, in as full and ample manner, and to all intents and purpofes, as they the faid commif-foners were inverted with by the faid before recited a£t, with rc-fpeft to the matters therein contained, or any other aft or afts of parliament; and in the fame manner as if the fame claufes, provifions, powers, direftions, and authorities, were herein particularly repeated and re-enafted.

II.	And be it further enafted, That out of all or any the aids and fupplies granted to his Majefty for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and fixty feven, there lhall be ifiued and applied any fum or fums of money, not exceeding two thoufand pounds; to be applied towards the faid purchafe or purchafes, and of carrying on the faid new intended buildings and alterations, in fuch manner and at fuch times as the faid commiflion-ers, or any three or more of them, (hall, from time to time, order and direft.

III.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That all fuch cods and charges as (hall be incurred in obtaining this aft, and carrying the fame into execution, (hall be, in the firft place, paid out of the monies hereby granted.

IV.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That the faid commiflioncrs, and each and every other perfon and perfons authorized by the faid commiflioners, or any three or more of them, to do any aft in execution of any of the powers intended to be hereby verted in the faid commirtioners, are and lhall be hereby indemnified for what they (hall do in purfu-anccof this aft : and that if any aftion lhall be brought, or fuit commenced, againft any perfon or perfons for any thing done in purfuancc of this aft, or in relation to the premirtes herein before mentioned j every fuch aftion or fuit lhall be laid or brought within fix calendar months after the faft committed ; and fuch aftion (hall be laid in the county of Middlefexy and not elfewhere 1 and the defendant or defendants, in fuch aftion or fuit, (hall and may be at liberty to plead the General Iflue, and give this aft and the fpccial matter in evidence, without fpecisSly pleading the fame.

CAP.

375

[iy66.	Anno feptimo Georgii HI. c. 33.

CAP. XXXIII.

jfn all to inforce, i# that part of Great Britain called Scotland, the execution of an alt of the laft feffion of parliament, intituled. An aft for repealing the feveral duties upon houfes, windows, and lights-, and for granting to his Majefty other duties upon houfes, windows, and lights ; and for explaining the faid alt.

WHEREAS feveral duties were granted upon houfes, win- Preamble, re-dews, and lights, by an alt made in the lajl feffion of parlia- citing aft ntent, intituled, An aft for repealing the feveral duties upon * Gco* houfes, windows, and lights ; and tor granting to his Majefty other duties upon houfes, windows, and lights : and whereas the rates and duties thereby granted were direlled to be raifed and levied in fuch manner as the duties hereby repealed were direfied to be raifed and levied by the feveral alts therein mentioned, except with refpeft to fuch particulars wherein the faid aR of the lafl feffion of parliament had altered the fame: and whereas difficulties have arifen with rtfpeft to the raiftng the faid duties upon houfes, windows, or lights, within that part of Great Britain called Scotland, by reafem that an alt made in the twenty Jixth year of the reign of his late Majefty, intituled, An aft for the more effeftual levying of the duties upon & Gco. a. windows or lights, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, is not mentioned or referred to in the faid aR made in the laft fcfjion of parliament; be it therefore enafted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prtfent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That all and every The powers the powers, authorities, rules, direftions, penalties, forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things contained in the faid aft, made in th^reritedTft the twenty fixth year of his.faid late Majefty’s reign, for the of *6 Geo. *. more effeftual levying, collefting, and paying the duties therein where not al-mentioned, in that part of Great Br itain called Scotland (except tcredbythe fuch as are varied by the faid aft palled in the laft feffion of par- [he*laft fef-° liament, or by this aft) (hall be in full force, and be duly ob- fion.tobecar-ferved, praftifed, and put in execution, throughout that part of ried into exe-Great Britain called Scotland, for raifing, levying, collefting, and cuftoni?Sc°t. paying, from the tenth day of ORober, one thoufand feven hun- fp"a to^he**" dred and fixty fix, the feveral duties upon houfes, windows, and duties on lights, by the faid aft, made in the laft leflion of parliament, houfes, win-granted, as fully and effeftually, to all intents and purpofes, as if and the fame, or the like powers, authorities, rules, direftions, penal- gfanted byVhe ties, forfeitures, claufes, matters, and things, had been particu- faid aft of larly repeated and re-enafted in the body of the faid aft made in 6 Geo. 3. the laft feffion of parliament; and that all afts and proceedingsfro“?10 f if any have been) for raifing and levying the faid duties upon Jyj houfes, windows, or lights, in that part of Great Britain called tags already Scotland, granted by the faid aft of the laft feflionof parliament, bad for raifing agreeably to the prgvifions made in the faid aft of the twenty *1* ^w,du“. *	fixtht,c,dcdarcd

valid*

Anno feptimo Georgji III. C. 34*	£1766.

fixth year of the reign of his late Majefty, (hall be valid and effectual ; and all perfons concerned therein (hall be, and are hereby indemnified in refpe<5t thereof.

II.	And whereas doubts have arifeny whether cemmijjions and war* rants given and granted unto the feveral officers employed in the furvrj and injpeftion of the rates and duties upon houfesy windows, and lights, by the [aid former afts imbofedy are or Jball be deemed goody validy and effcftualy in refpeft of the rates and duties granted by the faid aft made in the lajl feffion of parliament; be it therefore de-asalfoallcom- dared and enafted by the authority aforefaid. That all commif-roifiionsgrant- fJOns and warrants already given and granted to fuch officers (hall ve^orsand in- ^e» anc* be deemed, valid and effectual with regard to the rates (bettors of the and duties granted by the faid att made in the lad feffion of par-(aid duties, liament, to all intents and purpofes whatfoever, as if the faid commiffions and warrants had been or were granted and made out to every fuch officer refpettively, fubfequent to the paffing, and in purfuance of the faid att made in the lad feffion of parliament.

CAP. XXXIV.

An att for allowing further time for inroll ment of deeds and wills made by Papilts 5 and for relief of Proteilant purchafers.

Preamble, reciting the att? 3 Geo 1. 10 Geo. s. & 3, 6, 9, it, i», 16,19, 36, aS, 31, Sc 33, Geo. 1. Further time given for inrolling deeds and wills of Papifts, till 1 Jan. 1768. No deed, will, or leafe, made good hereby, whereof advantage has been taken of the non.inrollment thereof, before 5 May, 1767. Purchafes made by Proteftants (hall ftand good, if no advantage has been taken for non enrollment. No grant, lea(e, or mortgage, of the advowfon, or right of prefentation to a living, &c. made by any Papift in trull, &c. to be hereby deemed good.

CAP. XXXV.

An att to continue feveral laws therein	,	relating	ti

the clandefiine running of uncuflomed , and preventing frauds relating to the cujloms ; to prevent the clandefiine running of goods, and the danger of infettion thereby \ to the granting liberty to carry rice from his Majejly's provinces of Carolina and Georgia, in America, direttly to any part of Europe fouthward of Cape Finifterre, in fhips built and navigated according to law and to the prohibiting the importation of books reprinted	, and firfi

ccmpojed, written,and ,in Great Britain.

Preamble.

lent niajeftv, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefqnt parliament Glaufes in aft aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the feveral 5	5*r	c,aufcs	in	an made in fifth year of the reign of his ma-

tme running	KinS	GcorSe ,he Firft» intituled, An att againjl

of goods, &c. running of uncujiomtd goods y and for the more effettual preventing of

from

377

1766.] Anno feptimo GeoRGH III. c. 35.

frauds relating to the cuftoms\ relating to fuch foreign goods, wares, and merchandizes, as {hall be taken in at fea out of any (hip or veflel, in order to be landed or put into any other {hip or veflel, or boat; and alfo relating to goods not reported, and found after clearing (hips; and whereby further remedies are provided againft rclanding goods prohibited to be worn in this kingdom, and foreign goods (hipped out for parts beyond the feas; and alfo relating to the opening or altering the package of goods on board (hips outward bound$ and alfo relating to hovering (hips or veflfels of the burthen of fifty tons, or under ; and alfo concerning the bales or package in which coffee (hall be exported; and alfo relating to rum imported in cafks or veflels not containing twenty gallons at the lead ; and alfo relating to certificate goods entered in order to be exported to Ireland which were to have continuance for the term of three years from the feveral times of the commencement thereof, and from and whjch thence to the end of the then next feflfion of parliament refpec- wcre contina-tively ; and which by feveral fubfequent adts pafled in the ninth ed by feveral year of his faid Majefty’s reign, and in the fecond, eighth, fif-fubfequent teenth, and fixteenth, twentieth, twenty feventh, and thirty third years of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, were further continued, from the expiration thereof, until the twenty ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty (even, and from thence to the end of the then next feffion of parliament; (hall be, and the fame is hereby further conti-further con-nued, from the expiration thereof, to the twenty ninth day oftinued to 19 September, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy four, andScpt*,774" from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament.

II. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That Aft 8 Geo. 1. an a<ft made in the eighth year of the reign of his majefty King to prevent the George the Firft, intituled. An aft to prevent the clandejiine running ef goods, and the danger of infeftion thereby; and to prevent breaking their quarentine; and to fubjeft copper ore, of the produftion the danger of of the Britifh plantations, to Juch regulations as other enumeratedinfeftion commodities of the'like produftion are fubjeft; which was to be in hereby, deforce for two years, from the twenty fifth day of Marchy one thoufand feven hundred and twenty two, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion or parliament; and which, by which was feveral fubfequent afts (except the claufes obliging all (hips and veflels to perform quarentine) was to have further continuance"^* to the firft day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and fortyq feven, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament; and which, by an alt made in the twentieth year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, was in-tended to be further continued to the firft day of June^ one thoufand feven hundred and fifty four, but, by miftake, the year one thoufand feven hundred and forty feven, was inferred therein, inftead of the faid year one thoufand feven hundred and fifty four; and which, by feveral fubfequent aefts made in the twenty firft, twenty feventh, and thirty third years of the reign 0/ his faid late Majefty, was further continued, from the expira-

37*

further continued to 29 Sept. 1774.

Aft 3 Geo. 2. for granting liberty to

Anno feptimo GeoRGII III. c 35.	[1766;

tion thereof, until the twenty ninth day of September, one thou-fand feven hundred and iixty feven, and from thence to the end of the then next fellion of parliament; (hall be, and the fame is hereby further continued, from the expiration thereof, to the faid twenty ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy four, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament.

HI. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That an act made in the third year of the reign of his late Ma-jefty, intituled. An aft for granting liberty to carry rice from bis from Carolina province of^Carolina America,

direftly to any Europe Joutnward of Cape r inifterre, tn Jbips built in and belonging

Jjartot E11 rope to Great Britain, and navigated according to law, which was to be buthward of in force for five years, from the twenty ninth day of September, fterre&c." onc t^oulan(i feven hundred and thirty, and from thence to the ’	*	end of the then next feflion of parliament; and alfo an aft made

and aft 8Geo. in the eighth year of the reign of his faid late Majefty, to con-*. for extend- tinue the faid aft from the expiration thereof, until the twenty beft1 t^Gc" n*nt‘l day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and forty r y o cor- two^ an,f from thence to the end of the then next feflion of par-*	liament,	and	to	extend that liberty to his Majefty’s province of

Georgia in America; which faid afts, by feveral fubfequent afts made in the fifteenth and iixteenth, twentieth, twenty feventh, and thirty third years of his faid late Majcfty’s reign, were further c > itinued from the expiration thereof, until the twenty ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty feven,and from thence to the end of the then next fcffion of parliament; liKili be, and t: : lame is hereby further continued from the expiration the? cor, to the faid twenty ninth day of September, one thoufand le v on hundred and feventy four, and from thence to the end of the then next feilion of parliament.

IV. And be it further cnafted. That fo much of an aft made in the twJfth year of the reign of his late Majefty, intituled, An aft for prohibiting the importation of books reprinted abroad, and firft w. compile.I, or written and printed in Great Britain ; and for repealing books reprint- fo much of an aft made in the eighth year of the reign of her late ma* ^Abroad, jej]y ^//tv n Anne, as impowers the limiting the prices of booh; Dofedaml0in"	ac*	was	to	c°ntinue in force from the twenty ninth day

printed in °f September, one thoufand leven hundred and thirty nine, for Great Britain, the fpace of feven years, and from thence to the end of the then &c:	next lelfion of parliament; and which, fo far as relates to the

continued bv prohibiting the importation of books reprinted abroad, and firft ^°n n- - • - compofed or written and printed in Great Britain, by feveral fubfequent afts made in the twentieth, twenty feventh, and thirty third years o; his faid late Majefty’s reign, was further continued from the expiration thereof, until the twenty ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and iixty feven, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament; (hall be, and the fame is hereby further continued from the expiratioa thereof, to the faid twenty ninth day of September, onc thoufand feven hundred and feventy four, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament.

CAP-

which tvs. re Cont;iui',--i -*y feveral «ub:V

?[Ut*nt afts, urtlier continued to 29 Sept. 177+.

Part of aft 12 Geo. 2. for prohibit ing the importation of

feveral fubfe quent afts,

further continued to 19 Sept. 1774.

1766.] Anno feptimo Georgii III. c. 36.

379

CAP. XXXVI.

And all to continue Jo much of an all made in the thirty third year of the reign of bis late Majefiy, as relates to the free importation of cochineal and indico\ and for allowing the bounties granted by any abts of parliament now in being upon the exportation of corn and malt declared or made for exportation, and barley fieeped and entered at the excife office to be made into malt for exportation* before a limited time.

WHEREAS the law herein after mentioned is near exptr- Preamble.

ing \ may it therefore pleafe your Majejly, that it may be incited; and be it enaded by the King’s moft excellent ma-jefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflem-bled, and by the authority of the fame. That an ad made inTbe ad for the fevemh year of the reign-of his late majefiy King George the free im-the Second, intituled. An alt for the revival of an alt made in Potion °f the thirteenth year of the reign of bis late majejly King George the ^ch^i Firft, intituled, An ad for the free importation of cochineal dur- continued by ing the time therein limited; andalfo for the free importation of in- feveral fubft-dico; which was to continue in force from the twenty fourth day <lucnt of June one thoufand feven hundred and thirty four, for the term of feven years, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament; and which, by feveral fubfequent ads pafled in the fourteenth, twentieth, twenty feventh, and thirty third years of his faid late Majefly’s reign, was further continued, from the expiration thereof, until the twenty ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty feven, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament; fhall be, further conti-atid the fame is hereby, further continued, from the expiration 5“**to *9 thereof, to the twenty ninth day of September, one thoufand fe- *****,774* ven hundred and feventy four, and from thence to the end of the then next feflion of parliament.

II. And whereas by an all ofparliament made in the prefent feffion of Recital of parliament, intituled, An ad to prohibit fora limited time the exr claufes in jthe portation of corn, grain, meal, malt, flour, bread, bifeuit, and*^.ofl!£* ftarch, and alfo the extradion of low wines and fpirits from wheat p^hibi^xT and wheat flour, it was enabled. That no perfon or perfons Jbould, di- the exporta-rellly or indirellly, export, tranfport, carry, or convey, or caufe or tion otcom. procure to be exported, tranfported, carried, or conveyed, out of or from Great Britain or Ireland, or load or lay on board, or caufe or procure to be laden or laid on board, in any /hip or other veffel, or boat, in order to be exported, or carried out of the faid kingdom of Great Britain or Ireland (except to fuch places, and for fuch pur-pofts, as in the faid alt are mentioned) any fort of corn, meal, malt, flour, bread, bifeuit, or Jlarch, under the penalties therein mention-*d\ in which ail is a provifoe,That any thing therein contained Jbould not extend to any malt declared or made for	,	and

barley Jleeped and entered at the extife office to be made into malt for 3	exportation

Bounty to be allowed on th< exportation of all fuch malt as was declared or made for exportation j and bariey deeped and entered to be made into malt tor exportation, on or before 5

Preamble, recites the a& •f a? Geo. a*

Anno feptimo GeoRCii III. C. 37.	[1766.

exportation, on or before the fifteenth day of November, one thou-fand feven hundred and fixty fix, whicb'Jbould be exported, provided the requifites therein mentioned were complied with by the proprietor or proprietors thereof; and alfo another previfoty That no corny grain, mealy malty floury hready bifeuit or Jlarthy which fbould be exported by virtue of the faid afty fbould be intitled to any of the bounties or drawbacks which are allowed and made payable on the exportation of fuch commoditieSy or any of them: And whereas divers perfons within this kingdom did buy confiderable quantities of barleyy and made the fame into malt for exportation or Jieeped and entered the fame at the excife office to be made into malt for exportation) on or before the faid fifteenth day of November, one thoufand fiven hundred and fixty fix\ and fuch barley was bought of the growers thereof at an advanced pricey on a dependance that the bounty would he paid on the exportation thereof; and the greatejl part of the fail malt hatby fince the faid fifteenth day of November, been aftually exportedy and the rejl f ill remains under the locks of the excife; be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That the 1 bounty or bounties granted on the exportation of malt by any a<St or atfs of parliament now in being, (hall be allowed and paid to each and every exporter and exporters of all male declared or made for exportation, and barlev deeped and entered at the excife office to be made into malt for exportation, on or before the faid fifteenth day of Novcmbery one thoufand feven hundred and fixty fix, which, fince that time, hath been, or (hall be, exported ; in the fame manner as if the faid a& made in the prefent feffion of parliament had never been made; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding*

Nor. 1766, and which lince that time hath been, or (hall be, exported.

CAP. XXXVII.

An act for completing the bridge crofs the river Thames, from Black Friars in the city of London, to the oppofiti fide in the county of Surry, and the avenues thereto on the London fide *, for redeeming the tolls on the faid bridge^ and on London bridge*, for rebuilding the gaol of Newgate in the faid city *, for repairing the Royal Exchange within the fame \ for embanking part of the north fide of the faid river, within certain limits ; and for further continuing, towards thofe purpofes, the impo-fition of fixpence per cbaldrony or tony of coals and culm imported into the port of the faid city, ejlablifcei by an aft of the fifth and fixtb years of the reign of King William and Queen Mary \ and alfo for carrying on the new pavements in the city and liberties of Weftmin-fter, and parifhes adjacent, and in the town and borough of Southwark; and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

WHEREAS by an aft of parliament puffed in the twenty ninth year of the reign of his late majefiy King George the

Second,

tyB6.'J Anno feptlmo GeoRGH III. c. yj.	381

Second^ intituled) An a£t for building a bridge crofs the river for building a TbameS) from Black Friars in the city of London) to the oppo-	d£V *

fite fide in the county of Surry \ the mayor9 aldermen) and com- ac nm* morn9 of the laid city) in common council aJTembled) were impowered to build the Jaid bridge; and to makey enlarge) or improve Jlreets%

Ways) and paffageS) on each fide of the faid river) to and from the the faid bridge; and to light and watch the fame when built; and to take certain tolls for the paffagt over the fame\ and) upon the credit thereof to raife any fum) not exceeding one hundred and fixty thou-fond pounds: And whereas the faid mayor, aldermen) and commons, That the city in common council ajfembled) have proceeded in the execution of the have borrow-faid alt; and) towards the purpofes thereof have borrowed and raif- ed11on1*he * ed the fum of one hundred and forty four thoufand pounds, befides , tontributing the fum of fixteen thoufand two hundred pounds; which 441 two fumS) together with the profits made by the dividends and fale of the public funds) wherein part of the faid monies was invefted) and by the fale of old materials, and otberwife, did, upon the fifth day of July, in the year one thoufand [even hundred and fixty fixy amount to the fum of one hundred and Jeventy three thoufand and forty poundsf feven jbiuingS) and fix pence: And whereas upon the fasd fifth day off h*t the ba-July, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty fix9 there bad been laid In^tTtaly cut and expended) in the execution of the faid all) the film of one hurt- I7*£	*

dred and forty thoufand five hundred and ninety five poundsy nineteen 33,0891. i*«* JbiUingS) and ten pence halfpenny; fo that there remained, in the 7d-chamber of the faid city, a balance of thirty two thoufand four hundred and forty four pounds) feven /hillings, and feven pence halfpenny; which balance) by Jorne receipts then expelled) was likely to be raifed to the fum of thirty three thoufand and eighty nine poundsy twelve JbillingS) and! feven pence halfpenny: And whereas by efiimates of the That the fa-necejfary expences which, upon the faid fifth day of July, one thou-turc expencet z fond Jeven hundred aud fixty fixy remained to be incurred for the t complete execution of the faid all [exclufive of the roads on the Surry verand above r fide) and of the charge of making) widening, enlarging) or improving), the faid ba-fireet and ways nece/fary for a more convenient and ready pajfage to lance*

^ the faid intended bridge) from feveral parts of the faid city, there gz will be wanted for the faid feveral purpofeS) over above the faid loft-jjp mentioned balance) the farther fum of fifty eight thoufand five hun-iT* dred pounds: And whereas it would be of general advantage that the pajfage aver the faid intended bridge Jhould be freed and exempted) as foots as may bey from the payment of the tolls granted by the faid aH\

*	in which cafe) it will be nece/fary to provide fome other fufficient funds) as well for repayment of the faid one hundred and forty four

*	thoufand pounds, with the interefi thereof and raiftng the faid fifty f tight thoufand five hundred pounds9 as fir defraying the expences of

lighting) watching) cleanfing) and repairing the faid bridge when wilt: And whereas it would tend to remove many inconveniencies if The embank-mha ground and foil of the faid river of Thames, between the wejl mcnt of the corner of Powell's Wharf, near Puddle Dock, in the faid city	of

tjOodon, and the eaft corner of Robert’s Wharf, near Milford lt TLautiC) in the county of Middlefex, was incloftd and embanked \ the mxfience of making of which embankment is eft mated at the fum offt*

Wqu XXVII.	Cc	ven

382	Anno	feptimo	Georgii	III.	c.	37?	£1766.

the redempti- V€n thoufand five hundred pounds: And whereas the paflbgi ovefi. bi\dffetoll °n ^°n^on Bridge is fubjeft to a preferiptive toll, appropriated to the at 30,0001/ fupport of the Jaid bridge, upon all carts, waggons, and other carriages, patting over the fame, to and from the faid cityloaded with any kind of goods or provifions; which toll is at this time in leafe for twenty one years, at a fine of two thoufand one hundred pounds, and under a yearly rent of feven hundred aud thirty five pounds: And whereas it would alfo be of general advantage, that the paffage over the faid bridge, Jhould be freed and exempted as foon as may be, from the payment of fuch tolls \ the redemption of which tolls, and the pur chafe of which leafe, are eftimated at the Jum of thirty thou-tne rebailding Jan<) pounds: And whereas the gaol of Newgate (which is not only at <o'qqqL* county gaol of Middlefex as well as of London, but alfo the ge-5 *	'	neral prifon for fmugglers and debtors to the crown from all parts of

the kingdom) is fo ill-contrived as not to admit of a fufficient fuppjy offrefh air and water, from which circumfiances the fame is in gene* ral unhealthy, and often vifited with a malignant fever, called The gaol diftemper, the fatal effiefts of which have fometimes extended beyond the prifon walls; and the faid gaol is fo old and ruinous as is be incdpable of any effectual alteration or repair \ and the charge of building a more airy and commodious one in its Jlead, is eftimated it and the re-	the fum of fifty thoufand pounds: And whereas the houfe or building

Ifco^lEx-* (t2lled the Royal Exchange within the faid city of London (the daily change, at	P^ace °f refirt of merchants, traders, mariners, and others, fromdd

io,oool!	parts of this kingdom, and from many foreign countries) is fo much

decayed, that the utter ruin thereof is apprehended, unlefs the fame be fpeedily and effectually repaired; which neceffary reparations art eftimated at the fum of ten thoufand pounds, for which the funis the faid fums now fubjifting are inefficient: And whereas the faid feveral fums if t0 fifty €l^ thoufand five hundred pounds, feven thoufand five hundrii 5 *	*	pounds, thirty thoufand pounds, fifty thoufand pounds, and ten thu*

fand pounds, amounting together to the fum of one hundred and fifty fix thoufand pounds, cannot be raifed, nor any new fund provided to repayment of the faid fum of one hundred and forty four tkcufcrJ pounds, with the inter eft thereof without the aid and authority if The a& of 5 parliament: And whereas by an aft paffied in the fifth andfix thy ten &6 Will. & 0f tf?e rejgn 0f ymg William and queen Mary, intituled, An ad aner£eor-t’ re'le^ the orphans and other creditors of the city of L»-piun* fund, don, it was, among other things, enafted. That for and towards tU raifing a perpetual fund to pay the yearly intereft of four pounds fer every one hundred pounds principal money, and the intereft thertif then due to any orphan of the faid city, or the executors, adminiftra• tors, or affigns, of any Juch orphan, or any other the creditor or ere* tors, of the faid mayor, commonalty, and citizens% or the executors, cdminijlrators, or affigns, of fuel) creditors, all and every the city's eftates and revenues (except as therein excepted) Jhould be charged foe ever with the clear annual fum of eight thoufand pounds. And tbi , faid aft did alfo appropriate to the fund and purpofes a fore faid, tk , rents and profits of the faid city's aqueducts (except as therein except• , ed.) And the fum of two thoufand pounds was thereby directed to k formally raifed upon tbe perfonal eftates of the feveral inhabitants '

with*

1766.J Anno feptimo GeoRGIJ ELI. c. 37-	38l

within the /aid city and liberties towards the faid fund. And for the further increafe thereof the fum of two /hillings and fix pence was directed to be paid upon the binding of every apprentice within the /aid city, and five /hillings by every perjoti who /bould be admitted to be a freeman thereof: and the faid aft impofed upon all /orts of wine imported into the port of the faid city, or the members thereof by way of merchandize, a duty of four /billings per ton over and above the duties then payable thereon; and for every chaldron of coals, or culm9 imported into the faid port, or the river ^Thames within the liberty if the faid city upon the faid river, to be fold, the fum of four pence for metage for ever 5 and alfo for all coals or culm, ufual'y fold by the chaldron, for every chaldron thereof which /bould be imported into the faid port, or members thereof from and after the twenty ninth of September, one thoufand feven hundred (over and above all other .impofitions and duties, and the faid fum of four pence metage) the fum affix pence: and for fuch coals as were fold by the ton, for every ton thereof the like fum of fix pence; the faid impofition offix pence to continue from the faid twenty ninth of September, for and during the term offifty years: And whereas by an aft paffed in the twenty firjl	ir

year of the reign of bis faid late majefty King George the Second, Geo. *. conti-intitmed, An act for the further relief of the orphans and other nuingjthefrL creditors of the city of London, and for other purpofes therein duty on cosis, mentioned, the faid impofition of fix pence for every chaldron or ton of coals, was further continued during a term of thirty five years9 from the expiration of the faid term of fifty years; and out of the monies arifing from the faid impofition jo continued, the yearly fum of three thoufana pounds was direfted to be paid, during the Jaid term af thirty five years, to the wardens and commonalty of the myJhry of mercers of the city of London, in the manner, and for the purpofes, in the /aid aft mentioned-, and the refidue of the Jaid monies, was thereby appropriated to make part of the fund for paying the interejl to the faid orphans, and other creditors of the faid city: and it was thereby direfted, that from and after the twenty ninth day ^September, one thoufand feven hundred and fifty, the faid city's ejlates and revenues /bould be charged, towards the Jaid fund, with the yearly fum of two thoufand pounds, and no more, over and above the faid yearly fum of eight thoufand pounds, wherewith they then flood charged ; and that the furplu/fes arifen, or to arife, from the funds /o appropriated for payment of the faid interefi, Jbould be applied to the payment of the faid capital debt, with a provifo in the faid aft contained, that no orphan of the faid city, under the age of twenty one years, J,bould be paid off, fo long as there jhould be any perfon not an arphan under that age, proprietor of any part of the faid principal '.debt : And whereas the furplu/fes which at the time of paffing the That the oP-•find laft recited aft, had ari/eti, and the furpluffes which have fence phans debt is arifen from the faid fund, have been applied according to the direfti-	.<\,5r	*2?*^

nets of the faid aft\ and thereby the faid capital debt due to the orphans £adv°day and other creditors of the faid city of London, was on the twenty	*	'

yffourth day of June, in the faid year one thoufand feven hundred and ■fixty fix, reduced to the fum of fix hundred ten thoufand and eighty finer pounds, .fix /billings, and ten pence > and (computing the future 1-1	Cc	2	furpluffes

8^4	Anno	feptimo	GeoRGII III. c. 37.	[1766.

furpluffes at a% medium of the lajt five years) tie whole may be ex* petted to be paid off and difcharged by the twenty fifth day o/’Marcb, which will be in the year one thoufand eight hundred and three: And That with w&ereas9 tf ^e faid impofition offix pence for every chaldron or ton of the 6dl*diity coa^ or (u^my was t0 ** father continued to the twenty ninth day of continued,7 September, which will be in the year one thoufand eight hundred and and the ad- thirty one, the faid fund created by the fold aft of the fifth and fixtb dition of years g\ng william and queen Mary, with the audition thereto Ann! thefand °fone thoufand five hundred pounds per annum, would (it is com-would, by puted) be fvfficient in that time to difeharge the principal and intereft, Michaelmas not only of the faid debt due to the Jaid orphans and other creditors of f8'ddPby thCd l^e cliy’	fart^r fums °f oni hundred and fifty fix

faid i^oool? thoufand pounds, and one hundred and forty four thoufand pounds: and i+fcoaol. And whereas the faid mayor, and commonalty, and citizens, are will-Ti th *n& an(* defirGus, that the city's efiates and revenues Jbould, from and is willing to y afttr twenty fourth day of June, in the prefent year one thoufand charge their /even hundred and fixty [even, until the faid twenty ninth day of Sep-revenues, to tember, one thoufand eight hundred and thirty one, be charged with f^dT^d^ ^ payment of the faid yearly fum of one thoufand five hundred pounds* with ijlooh towards increafe of the faidfund, for the purpofes aforefaid, over and per ana. * above the fcveral fums with which the faid efiates and revenues sum )land charged: Therefore, upon the petition of the faid mayor, aider-men, and commons, of the city of London, in common council offer* bled; be it enafted by the King’s molt excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal. Common and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the embank*ac- aut*lori0r	fame» That it (hall and may be lawful to and

cording to * f°r *he (aid mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common coun» fuch plan as cil aflembled, and they are hereby required, to inclofe and em-theylhall on bank fo much of the ground and foil of the (aid river of Thames, °r*K	as J*es on ^1C north fide thereof, between the weft comer of Pew-

^67.°dire&.’ e^s Warf, near Puddle Dock, in the faid city of London, and the eaft corner of Robert's Wharf near Milford Lane, in the faid county of MiddleJ'ex, in fuch manner, and according to fuch plan or plans, as they (hall, on or before the twenty ninth day of September, in this prefent year one thoufand feven hundred and fixty feven, lay out, and direlt and caufe to be hung up in the town clerk’s office in the guildhall of the faid city, for publick view and infpedlion; fo as the fronts of fuch embankments, on each fide of the faid intended bridge, may run in ftraight lines, to a point, in the middle of the north butment of the faid bridge, thirty feet diftant from the north end, or fpringing of the north butment arch thereof.

Owners and II. Provided always, and be it further enafted. That it (hall proprietor* and may be lawful to and for any of the owners and proprietors uMnwatkc ^e ^veral wharfs or grounds abutting on the north fide of tobe given on the faid river, within the limits aforefaid (who th.all, on or or before the before the twenty ninth day of September, in the year one thou-19th of Sept, fond feven hundred and fixty eight, give notice in writing tp ,?6,a	the town clerk of the faid city, tor the time being, of their hU

tcntioa (0 embank fo much of the laid ground and foil of the*

z	river

Anno fcpdmo Georgii III. c. 37. -	38*5

river as lies opoofite and contiguous to their faid refpeflivc wharfs or grounds) to inclofe ana embank the fame accordingly, at their own expence, under the direction of the faid mayor, audermen, and commons, in common council affembled, or their fuveyor, in this behalf to be appointed, within fix calendar months next after fuch notice; any thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any ways notwithftanding.

HI. And be it further enadted. That upon embanking the Common ground and foil of the faid river, adjoining to the feveral pub-	tore*

lick ftairs or landing places called IVhitt Friars flairs. Temple	pub*

ftairs, and Effex ftairs, either by the faid mayor, aldermen, and ‘ commons, in common council affembled, or by the refpedtive owners or proprietors of the faid adjoining wharfs or grounds* they the faid mayor, aldermen, and commons in common council affembled, (hall caufe the faid ftairs and landing place? to be taken down, removed, and rebuilt, by their own workmen or agents, fo and in fuch manner as that a line drawn from the middle of the upper ftep or landing place of the pre-Cent ftairs, (hall run through the middle of the new intended fhurs, and fall at right angles upon the front line of the faid intended embankment.

IV.	And be it further ena&ed, That it (hall and may be To pall down lawful to and for the laid mayor, aldermen, and commons, in Newpte, and, common council affembled, and they are hereby required withj^£ancw all convenient fpeed to pull down the faid gaol of Newgate, and ^ *

to remove, difpofc of, or deftroy, the materials thereof, as they flmll think fit (having regard to the health and fafety of his Ma« jelly’s fubjedts) and to build a fpacious and commodious new gaol, upon or near the place where the prefent gaol now Hands 5 provided always, that the money which (hall arife from the tale of fuch of the materials as (hall be thought expedient to bo fcld, (hall be applied towards the expence of fuch new gaol.

V.	And, to render the accefs as well to the faid new gaol as and widen to the fefiions houfe in the Old Bailey, more eafy and conveni- ,ca<*“ lint, be it enadted by the authority aforefaid, That the faidln* cre mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council affem-

Med, (hall have power and authority to widen, enlarge, or im-

Erve, fuch of the ftreets, ways, and paffages, adjoining or ding to the faid intended new gaol and fefiions houfe, or eU ther of them, as they (hall judge neceflary for that purpofe.

VI.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed. That it prifonert to ball and may be lawful to and for the fheriffsof the faid city of be detained in London, and the fheriff of the faid county of Middlefex refpe<5tive- otb'r y, from time to time, and at all times, after the faid twenty Ourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty fe- built.

[CB, until the faid new gaol {hall be built, and properly fitted MT. a prifon, to convey to, and keep, and detain in, any other POblic prifon of fufficient ftrength, within the faid city of London ^ county of Middlefex, all or any of the prifoners who have MD or (hall be committed, or who by law ought to be committed,

H the Aid prefent gaol, or to the county gaol of the Aid city

Ccj	and

3? 6

Anno feptimo Georgit III. c. yfi	fi766s

and county; any writ, order, or warrant, or any law, ufage, or cuftom, to the contrary thereof in anyways notwithftanding* VII. Provided alfo, and be it further enabled. That the (aid new gaol when built (hall be the county gaol of and for the faid city of London, and of and for the faid county of AftdJJefex, *n manner as the faid prefcnt gaol now is by law, ufage, or be the couiry P^^P1*011; and that the removal of all or any of the prisoners, giol for Lon- who now are, or hereafter (hall be, confined in the faid prefcnt (ten and Mid gaol, to the faid new gaol, (hall not be deemed or conftrued to diefex,and the be an efcape, in the faid (heriffs of the faid city, or in the faid ^(Tprf^ners	the	faid	county: and the keeper and keepers of fuch

thereto not to prifon or prifons refpe&ively, to which any perfon or perfbns be an el’cape. (hall, by virtue or in purfuance of this ad, be conveyed by the faid (heriffs or (heriff, (hall, and he and they is and are hereby required to receive, keep, and detain in his and their cu : dv refpe&ivcly, fuch perfon or perfons, until difeharged by die comfe of law.

Perfons fr> removed to deemed to he in the cudody of the keep*, r of Newgate.

Keepers of othfcr prifons to be anfwer-ahle tor efcape i.

Common council empowered to rurcha(e Apufes, See. for the j>ur-pofes afore-laid;

VIII.	Provided alfo, and be it further enatfed. That all and every prifoner and prifoners, fo by virtue of this a<5l rem n ei to and detained in fuch prifon or prifons as aforefaid, lhalJ, oiling fuch detainer, be deemed in law to be in rhe cuftody of the keeper of Newgate: and all writs of Habeas Corpus, for brin;-ing the body or bodies of any fuch prifoner or prifoners before any of the judges of his Majefty’s courts of record at IVqf mn-Jitr, or for removing any fuch prifoner or prifoners 10 any other prifon or prifons, (hall and may be directed to the faid keeper of Nnvg-ite; and the keeper or keepers of fuch prifon or prions are hereby enjoined, upon delivery to him or them cf fuch writ or writs, to pay due obedience, and make due returns thereto, m the name of the faid keeper of Newgate^ in the fame manner as the faid keeper of Nivgate would be bound to do if the perfon or perfons mentioned in fuch writ or writs was or were in bis cuftody.

IX.	Provided alfo, and be it enacted. That the perfon cr perfons to whofe cuftody any fuch prifoner or prifoners (hall be fo conveyed, by the faid (heriffs or (heriff, (hall refpedtively be anfwerablc for the efcape of any fuch prifoner or prifoners; any thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof notwith-ftanding.

X.	And be it further enacted. That for the purpofe of building the faid intended gaol in manner aforefaid, and making, widening, enlarging, or improving, fuch ftreets, ways, and paffages, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council aflenv-bled, and they are hereby impowered to treat and agree witk the owners and occupiers of, and other perfons interefted in» fuch houfes, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, as they dial judge fit to be purchafed, removed, or pulled down, for all or any of the purpofes aforefaid, for the purchafe thereof; and after payment of the fum or fums of money which Aall h agreed upon for fuch purchafe, they the (aid mayor.

Artno feptlmo GeoRGii III. c. 37:	387

and commons, in common council aflembled, are hereby authorized to appoint their agents or* workmen, to pull fuch houfes down, and to lay out luch lands, and difpofe of the monies to arife from the fale of any old materials, in fuch manner as they (hall think fit, for or towards the refpe&ive purpofes aforefaid.

XI.	And be it further enaded, That it (hall and may be and the leafe lawful to and for the faid mayor, aldermen, and commons, in of London common council aflembled, and they arc hereby impowered to BndSc tolli-treat and agree with the leffee of, and other perfon or penons interefted in, the leafe of the faid tolls for the paffage over

London Bridge, for the purchafe of the fame, and of all profits, advantages, and emoluments, arifing or to arife from the faid lfcafe.

XII.	And be it further enabled. That it (hall and may be Bodies poli-lawful to and for all bodies politic, corporate, or collegiate, cor- tic, &c.tru-porations aggregate or foie, truftees, and feoffees in truft, guar- and dians and committees for lunaticks and ideots, executors, ad- fon, ini^ower-: miniftrators, and guardians whatfoever, not only for or on be- ed to fell and half of themfelves, their heirs, and fucceffors, but alfo for and convey.

on behalf of their ceftuique trufts, whether infants, or (flue unborn, lunaticks, ideots, femes covert, or other perfons whatfoever, and to and for all femes covert who are or (hall be feifed in their own right, and to and for all and every perfon and per-fons whomfoever, who are or (hall be feifed or poflefled of, or interefted in, any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, which by the faid mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council affembled, mall be thought neceffary to be purchafed for any of the purpofes of this a£t, or in the faid leafe of the tolls, to fell and convey, aflign, or furrender, all or any fuch lands, tenements, hereditaments, eftates, tolls, leafe, and interefts, or any part thereof, to the faid mayor and commonalty, and citizens; and that all contracts, agreements, bargains, fales, and conveyances, which (hall be made by fuch perfons as aforefaid, (hall be good and valid in law, to all intents and purpofes, not only ta convey the eftate and intereft of the perfon and perfons conveying, but alfo to convey all right, eftate, intereft, ufe, property*

Claim, and demand whatfoever, of their faid feveral and refpedtive

Ceftuique trufts, and all claiming or to claim, by, from, or un^

der them; any law, ftatute, ufage, or any other matter or thing

whatfoever, to the contrary thereof, in any ways notwithftand-

mg; and that all fuch perfons fo conveying as aforefaid, are and

lhall be indemnified for what they (hall do by virtue of or in

purfuance of this a<ft, notwithftandine any omiflion or miftako

df matter or form whatfoever: and it it (hall happen that any

perfon or perfons, bodies politick, corporate, or collegiate, or '

ether perfon or perfons feifed or poflefled of, or interefted in*

any fuch lands, tenements, or hereditaments, as aforefaid, or in

xbch leafe of the tolls, (hall refufe to treat or agree for the fale where any

and conveyance of their refpe&ive eftates and interefts therein, (hall refufe t*.

with the~ nud mayor, aldermen,, and commons, in common treat, or be

T. .	*	CC4	councaFewn^*

Anno feptimo Georgii III. e. yjl	f 1766;

from treating, council aflembled, or with any perfon or perfons authorized by tbe mayor'* them, or (hall not produce and evince a clear title to the pre-

court to if-fue a precept for a jury.

who are to be drawn as the a& 3 Geo. z, directs.

may be challenged.

Court may fummon and examine wit

mifles they are in pofleflion of, or to the intereft they claim, to the fatisfaftion of the faid mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council aflembled, or of the perfon or perfons (o authorized by them; then, and in every fuch cafe, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the court of mayor and aldermen of the faid city, to be holden in the outer chamber of the Guildhall of the (aid city, according to the cuftom of the faid city, and the laid court are hereby empowered and authorized to ifliie a warrant or warrants, precept or precepts, directed to the (heriffs of tbe faid city of London, who are hereby authorized, directed, and required accordingly to impanel and return a competent number of fubliantial and difmterefted perfons qualified to ferve on juries, not lefs than forty eight, nor more than feventy two ; and out of fuch perfons fo to be impanelled, fummoned, and returned, a jury of twelve men (hall be drawn, by fome perfon to be by the faid court appointed, in fuch manner as juries for the trial of iflues joined in his Majefty’s courts at IVeJlminflir, by an a# made in the third year of the reign of the faid (wing George the fecond, intituled. An ail for tbe bitter regulation of juries, are diredted to be drawn; which perfons fo to be impanelled, fummoned, and returned as aforefaid, are hereby required to come and appear before the faid court of mayor and aldermen, at fuch time and place as in fuch warrant or warrants, precept or precepts, (hall be directed and appointed, and to attend the faid court from day to day, till difeharged by the laid Court; and all perfons concerned (hall and may have their lawful challenges againft any of the faid jurymen, but (hall not be at liberty to challenge the array: and the faid court of mayor and aldermen are hereby authorized and impowered by precept or precepts, from time to time, as occafion (hall require, ta

"	,	VI	pitvvyiO)	I1VUI	nmv	iw uuiv, ** wvy^uwu	iw^uiis,	w

•nddirtft theca^ before them all and every perfon and perfons whomsoever, jury tp view, who (hall be thought proper or neceflary to be examined as witnefs or witnefles before them? on their oath or oaths, touching and concerning the premifles; and the faid court, if they think fit, (hall and may likewife authorize the faid jury to view the place or places in queftion, in fuch manner as they (hall dire#; and the faid court (hall have power to adjourn fuch meeting from day to day as occafion (hall require, and to command fuch jury, witnefles, and parties to attend, until all fuch affair* for whifh they were fummoned (hall be concluded; and the faid jury, upon their oaths (which oaths, as alfo the oaths to fuch peripn or perfons as (hall be called upon to give evidence, the faid court are hereby impowered and required to adminifter) (hall enquire of and aflefs the value of fuch lands, tenements, and hereditaments, and of fuch leafe of the tolls as aforefaid, and of the proportionable value of the refpedtive eftates and in-terefts claimed therein, or in any part thereof: and the (aid court of mayor and aldermen (hall and may give judgement* that the fug) or ferns pf money fo to be afleffed, be the viJue of

"frt

Jury to affefs the value on cmh.

Tbe court to give final judgement thereon.

3«9

1766.5 Aano feptimo Georgii III. c. 37

fuch lands, tenements, or hereditaments, and of fuch refpe&ive eftates and interefts therein; which faid verdidt or verdidls, and the laid judgement thereupon (notice in writing being given to Previous no-the perfon or perfons interefted, or claiming To to be, at lead ticcttotuC giv* fourteen days before the time of the meeting of the faid court Sw^tercSedl and jury, by leaving fuch notice at the dwelling- houfe of fuch perfon or perfons, or at his, her, or their ufual place or places of abode, or with fome tenant or occupier of fome of the faid lands, tenements, or hereditaments, intended to be valued and afleflfed, or at the toll-houfe for collecting fuch tolls, in cafe fuch party cannot otherwife be found out to be ferved with fuch notice) (hall be binding and condufive, as to value, as well againft the King’s majefiy, his heirs, and fucceflors, as again ft every other perfon or perfons, bodies politick, and corporate, and Sgainft all other perfons whomfoever, claiming any eftate, right, title, truft, ufe, or intereft in, to, or out of, the faid lands, tenements, or hereditaments and premifles, or in, to, or out of,' fuch leafe of the tolls, either in pofleftion, reversion, remainder, or expectancy.

XIII.	And be it further enaCted and declared, That upon Upon payment payment of the fum or fums of money fo to be awarded or ad- onthe value judged to tire perfon or perfons to whom the fame (hall be fo	P*6*

awarded, for the purchafe of the (aid lands, tenements, or here- |£nvL£d te ditaments, or for the purchafe of any eftate or intereft therein, the city, or for the purchafe of the faid leafe of the tolls, fuch perfon or perfons (hall make and execute, or procure to be made and executed, good, valid, and legal, conveyances, allignments, and af-furances, in the law, to the (aid mayor and commonalty, and citizens, of the faid lands, tenements, and hereditaments, or of fuch eftate or intereft, for which fuch fum or fums of money (hall be fp awarded; and (hall alfo affign or furrender to the (aid mayor ?nd commonalty, and citizens, fuch leafe of the tolls, and (hall procure all ncceflary parties to execute fuch conveyances, alignments, and aflurances, and (hall do all aCts, matters, and things, neceflaiy and requifite to make a good, clear, and	*

perfe& title to the (aid msiyor and commonalty, and citizens: and in cafe the perfon or perfons to whom fuch fum or fums Where a good (hall be awarded as aforefaid, (hall not be able to evince their tide cannot title to the premifles, to the fatisfa&ion of the faid mayor, alder- J*“adc* or men, and commons, in common council aflembled, and make, or procure to be made, good, valid, and legal, convey- ed, &c. ances thereof, to the faid mayor and commonalty, and citizens, or (hall refufe fo to do, being thereto required, and the fum or (urns fo aflefled and ^warded being produced and tendered to be paid to him, her, or them, on their making fuch title, and executing, or procuring to be exeeuted, fuch conveyances, alignments, or aflurances, as aforefaid; or in cafe fuch perfon or per- or tfae panics fons to whom fuch fum or fums of money (hall be fo awarded, are not to be cannot be found in the (aid city; then, and in every fuch cafe, found. Sec. k (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid court or mayor and ftypipcQ to order the fud iw(w* fe nai

39®

to he paid Into the bank ;

to the order of the court ot Chan cery,uponm0‘ tion or peri* tkm.

Vcrditts and judgements, &c "to he entered of record, in the mayor’* court.

Copie* good evidence.

dn foch payment, premises to veft the city,

Anno feptlmo CsoftOIl III. d. 37;	£176ft

as the value of, and purchafe-money for, the find lands, tenements, and hereditaments, or for the purcliafe of fuch leafe of the tolls as aforefaid, to be paid into the bank of England in the name, and with the privity, of the accountant general of the high court of Chancery, to be placed to his account, to the credit of the parties interefted in the faid lands, tenements, or hereditaments (deferibing them) or in the faid leafe of the tolls, fubjed to the order, controul, and difpofition, of the faid court of Chancery; which faid court of Chancery, on the application of any perfon or perfons making claim to fuch fum, or any part thereof, by motion or petition, (hall be, and is hereby, impow-ered, in a fummary way of proceeding, or otherwife, as to tho fame court (hall feem meet, to order diftribution thereof, according to the rcfpc&ive eftate or eftates, title or intereft, of tho perfon or petfons making claim thereunto, of, in, or to, fuch lands, tenements, and hereditaments, or fuch leafe of the tolls, to be made appear to, and to be declared by, the faid court, and according to the value thereof aflefled as aforefaid; and to mako fuch other order in the premifles as to the faid court (hall feem juft and reafonable; and the ca(hier or cafhiers of the bank of jEngland* who (hall receive fuch fum and fums, is and are hereby required to give a receipt or receipts for fuch fum or fums, mentioning and fpecifying for what premifles, and for whofe ufe, the fame is or are received, to fuch perfon as (hall pay any fuch fum or fums into the bank as aforefaid.

XIV.	And be it further enadted, That all fuch verdidh, judgements, fentenccs, decrees, orders, and other proceedings of the faid court of mayor and aldermen, and juries, as relate to or concern any fuch lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or fuch leafe of the tolls, fo to be purchafed ; and all receipts which the feid cafhicr or cafhiers of the bank (hall give for any fum or fums of money paid into the bank, in confequence of any fuch verdift and judgement; (hall be entered among the records of the faid court of mayor and aldermen: and the faid verdicts, judgements, fentcnces, decrees, and orders, and other proceedings, (hall be deemed and taken to be records to all intents and purpofes wlut-foever; and the fame, or true copies thereof, fhall be deemed and taken to be good and cffedtual evidence and proof in any court or courts of law or equity whatfoever; and all perfons (hall and may have recourfc to the fame gratis^ and take copies thereof, paying for every copy, not exceeding two hundred words, fix pence, and fo proportionably for any greater or leflfer number of words; and immediately after fuch verdifts, judgements, fentenccs, decrees, orders, and other proceedings of the faid court of mayor and aldermen, and juries, and payment into the bank as aforefaid, all the eftate, right, title, intereft, ufe, truft, property, claim, and demand, in law and equity, of the perfon or perfons to whofe credit fuch money (hall be paid, in, to, and out of, the faid lands, tenements, hereditaments, and premifles,. or in, to, or out of, fuch leafe of the tolls, (hall veft 'in the laid mayor and commonalty, and citizens ; and they fluft

1766.} Anno feptimo Georgti III. 6. 3/.	391

be deemed in law to be in the a&ual pofleflion thereof, to all fn-tenrs and purpofes whatlbever, as fully and effe&ually, as if every perfon having any eftate in the premifles, had a&ually conveyed the fame by Teafe and releafe, bargain and fale enrolled, feoffment with livery and feifin, fine and recovery, or any other conveyance whatfoever; and fuch payment (hall not only bar all in bar of right, title, intereft, claim, and demand, of the perfon or perfons dower, &c. to whofe credit fuch payment (hall have been made, but alfo (hall extend to, and be deemed and conftrued, to bar the dower and dowers of the wife or wives of fuch perfon or perfons, and all eftates tail, in reverfion or remainder, and the ifiue or iflues of fuch perfon or perfons, and every perfon claiming under them* as effectually as a fine or recovery would do, if levied or fuffer-ed by the proper parties in due form of law.

XV7. Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That it Mayor’s fhall and may be lawful for the faid court of mayor and aider- court, onp6* tnen, after fuch payment into the bank, and entry of the receipt	may

as afore fad, and before any application in refpeft thereof to the	the”10^

faid court of Chancery, at the petition of any perfon or perfons public in pofleflion of fuch lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or of funds* fuch leafe of the tolls, to place out or invert, or caufetobe placed out or inverted, fuch fum or fums of money, or any part thereof, in fome of the public funds, or on government fecurity, at in-tcreft, in the name of any perfon or perfons authorized and appointed by the faid court of mayor and aldermen, for that pur-poft, in truft, to transfer and aflign the fame to the perfon or perfons to whom the premifles belong, on their executing proper conveyances thereof; and in the mean time, in truft, to pay the intereft and dividends, arifing therefrom, to the perfon or perfons who was or were in pofleflion of the faid premifles at the time of the faid payment into the bank.

XVI.	Provided alfo, and be it further enacted. That all and Perfons inti* every perfon or perfons who would be intitled to recover the tied to mefne mefne profits of the prejnifles, or of the faid tolls for the paflage Pr?rtt5* to be over London Bridge, againft the perfon or perfons in pofleflion,	of the

in cafe the fame had not been fo conveyed to, or verted in, the. |>urcha(e-mo-the faid mayor and commonalty, and citizens, as aforefaid, (hall ney. be intitled to recover the fum or fums to arifefrom fuch intereft and dividends as aforefaid, by action of debt, or otherwife, againft the perfon or perfons who (hall receive the fame; and the faid Court to or-court of mayor and aldermen are hereby impowered to make der the tame fuch orders as aforefaid on the bank for the payment of fuch fum to be paid ac« or fums of money, or any part thereof, as (hall be neceflary in tordiugly. order to the fame being fo inverted in public (ecurities; and the laid mayor and commonalty, and citizens, (hall be quieted in the pofleflion of the lands, tenements, and hereditaments, and of the Aid leafe of the tolls, for which fuch money (hall be fo paid as aforefaid; and (hall not be anfwerable or accountable in any court of law or equity for the money fo depoiited and placed out is aforefaid, any otherwife than according to the tenor, purport, slid true meanings of this aft. 1 i.	XVII*	Pro*

59*

If the money it not tendered, the faid verdi&s and judgement! not to be binding.

Purchafe*monies of Pre-mi fifes held in truft, to be invefted in other pur-chafes, to the fame ufts.

Conveyances by feme covert inrolled, to be effectual j

and foall other bargains and lales for the purpofes of this ad.

Perfons having any right, kt* in lands

Anno fcptimo GeoRGII III. C. 37.	[1766.

XVII.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That in cafe the faid fucn or fums fo affeffed by the faid iury, and ordered and adjudged by the faid court of mayor ana ahiermen to be paid to the owners, occupiers, and others, for their refpeftive interefts in the premises aforefaid, and in the faid leafe of the tolls, (hall not be paid, tendered, or deposited, as herein direft-ed, within fix calendar months next after the fame (hall have been fo afleffed, ordered, and adjudged; then, and in fuch cafe, the verdift of the faid jury, and the order and adjudication of the faid court, (hall not be binding upon the faid parties; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

XVIII.	And be it further enafted, That the principal money ariiing from the fale of any houfes, edifices, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or of fuch leafe of the tolls which (hall be purchafed, for the purpofes contained in this aft, of any body corporate or collegiate, corporation aggregate or foie, feoffees in truft, guardians, committees, or other truffees, or from any feme covert, (hall be paid to fuch perfons as they (hall refpeftively nominate to receive the fame, in truft, with all convenient fpeed then afterwards to be re-invefted in the purchafe of other mef-fuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, to be conveyed and fettled to and upon, and fubjeft to the like ufcs, trufts, limitations, remainders, and contingencies, as the houfes, edifices, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, or fuch leafe of the tolls, which (hall be purchafed of them refpeftively by the faid mayor and commonalty, and citizens as aforefaid, were refpeftively fettled, limited, or allured, at the time of fuch purchafe, or (a many thereof as, at the time of making fuch conveyances and. fettlements, (hall be exiting and capable of taking efreft.

XIX.	And be it further enafted. That the conveyance of any fuch eftate or intereft of any feme covert to the faid mayor and commonalty, and citizens, or any perfon or perfons in trull for them, by bargain and fale, acknowledged by fuch feme covert, and to be inrolled in the court of Hujiings of the faid city, according to the cuftom of the faid city, within fix calendar months after the making thereof, (hall as effeftually and abiolutely con-* vey the eftate and intereft of fuch feme covert, in the premifles, as any fine or fines, recovery or recoveries, would or could do, if levied or fuffered thereof in due form of law; and farther, that all bargains and fales whatsoever to be made of any fuch lands, tenements and hereditaments, as (hall be purchafea by the faid mayor and commonalty, and citizens, by virtue of, and for the purpofes of, this aft, (nail have the force, effeft, and operation, in law, to all intents and purpofes, which any fine or fines, recovery or recoveries whatsoever, would have, if levied or fuffer-cd by the bargainor or bargainors, or any peribn or performs feifed of any eftate in the premises, in truft, for or to the ufe of fuefi bargainor or bargainors, in any legal manner or form whatfoever.

XX.	And be it further enafted. That all and every perfoq and perfon; wbomfoever, having any right, title, intereft, ufe,

' property.

1766*1 Anno fcpdmo Geor&ii III. c. 37,*	393

property, claim, or demand whatfoever, whether in pofleflion, fo purchafed, reverfion, remainder, or expectancy, in, to, or out of, any lands, ^uiSSTwitSS tenements, or hereditaments, which by virtue and for the pur- a limited pofes of this a& (hall be purchafed by and conveyed, or men- time, or be tioned or intended to be conveyed, to the (aid mayor and com- barred * monalty, and citizens, by any fuch bargain and fale as afore-faid, (hall, within the fpace of five years, to be computed from the date of the inrollment of fuch bargain and (ale, enter a memorial of fuch their right, title, intereft, ufe, property, claim, and demand, in a book to be for that purpofe prepared and kept by the town clerk of the faid city of London for the time being ; which book the (aid town clerk is hereby required to prepare and keep accordingly; and for which entry he (hall be intitled to fuch fee, and no other, as the regifter of the county of Mid-dlefex is by law intitled to for. the regifiry of a memorial containing the feme number of words5 and all and every perfon or per-fons whomfoever, not entering fuch right, claim, and demand, within fuch time, and in fuch manner as aforefaid, or having fo entered the fame, and not profecuting fuch their right, claim; or demand, with effect, within the fpace of five years, to be computed from the time of fuch entry, (hall be for ever barred, of all right, title, ufe, equity, property, claim, or demand what-foever, whether in pofleflion, reverfion, remainder, or expectancy* in, to, upon, or out of, the (aid premifles, and every part thereof: and the faid mayor and commonalty, and citizens, and thofe claiming by, from, or under them, (hall be quieted in the pofleflion of all luch lands, tenements, hereditaments, and pre-tnifles j any law, ftatute, ufage, matter, or thing whatsoever, to the contrary notwithfianding.

XXL Provided neverthelefs, and be it further enaCted, That but at liberty any perfon or perfons barred of any right, title, efiate, intereft, to recover the claim, or demand whatfoever, in, to, or out of, the faid lands, Purchafe-mo-tenements, and hereditaments, by virtue of this ad, (hall be at J(2t liberty to bring any action or* actions of debt for money had and the fame* received to his or their ufe, againft any perfon or perfons, or the legal reprefentative of any perfon or perfons, who received the purchafe-money arifing from fuch fale of the faid lands, tenements, hereditaments, and premifles aforefeid; and that in every fuch cafe, the refpedtive plaintiffs, on proof of fuch title as would have enabled them to recover fuch lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or any part thereof, or any eftate or intereft in the fame, (hall recover the faid purchafe-money, or fo much thereof as (hall be equivalent to their intereft in the faid premifles, together with fuch intereft as (hall be equivalent to the ‘mefne profits of the premifles which they would have been in-titled to recover, in cafe this ad had not been made.

XXII.	And be it further enaded, That all and every tenant After pur-mt will, or leflee for a year, or other perfon or perfons in pof- ch*fc» te~ . feflion of any fuch lands, tenements, hereditaments, and pre- ,^r pofllffion mifles, or any part thereof, which (hall be purchafed by the faid witbm fix mayor and commonalty, and citizens as aforefaid, and who months after

(hall notice.

On refufal, court to ifTue •precept to the fheriift to deliver pof-fcllion.

Mortgagees, on tender of

intereft, to Convey,

Anno feptimo GeoRGII III, c. 37.	(1766*

(hall have no greater intereft in the premtiles than as tenant at Will, or as leflee by parole for a year, or from year to year, (hall, at the expiration of fix calendar months after notice in writing left upon the premifles, or fo foon after as he or they fhall he required, peaceably and quietly deliver up the pofleffion of the faid premises to the faid mayor and commonalty, and citizens, or any perfon or perfons authorized by the faid mayor, aider-men, .and commons, in common council aflembled, to take .pof-feflion thereof; and that in cafe any fuch perfon or perfons (hall refufe to give fuch pofleffion, then it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid court of mayor and aldermen, to iflue their precept or precepts to the fheriflfs of the faid city, to deliver pof-feffion of the premifles to fuch perfon or perfons as fhall in fuch precept or precepts be nominated to receive the fame; and the faid fheriflfs arc hereby required to deliver pofleffion accordingly of the faid premifles, and to levy fuch cofls as (hall accrue from the ifluingand execution of fuch precept or precepts, on the perfon or perfons fo refuting to give pofleffion as aforefaid, by dif-trefs and fale of his, her, or their goods.

XXIII.	And be it further enatfted, That all and every perfon and perfons who fhall have any mortgage or mortgages on fuch &XLand	tenements,	and	hereditaments, or on fuch leafe of the

tolls, not being in pofleffion thereof, by virtue of fuch mortgage or mortgages, (hall, on the tender of the principal money, and intereft due thereon, together with fix months intereft of the faid principal money, by the faid mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council aflembled, or by fuch perfon or perfons as they (hall appoint, immediately aflign fuch mortgage or mortgages to the faid mayor and commonalty, and citizens, or to fuch perfon or perfons as they (hall appoint in truft for them* or in cafe fuch mortgagee or mortgagees (hall have notice in writing from the faid mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council aflembled, that they will payoff and difeharge the principal and intereft which (hall be due on the faid mortgage or mortgages, at the end or expiration of fix calendar months, to be computed from fuch notice given, that then, at the end of the faid fix months, on payment of the principal and intereft lo due, fuch mortgagee or mortgagees fhall affign his, her, or their intereft in the premifles to the faid mayor and commonalty, and citizens, or fuch perfon or perfons as they fhall appoint in truft for them: and in cafe fuch mortgagee or mortgagees (hall refufe ceafe^on^nay-to aflign as aforefaid on fuch tender or payment, that then all mentofprinci- intereft on every fuch mortgage ihall ceafc and determine, pal ami intereft into the bank.

Premifles to XXIV. And be it further enabled, That upon payment of velt in the the principal money and intereft due on any mortgage as aforefaid into the hank, at the end of fix calendar months from fuch notice as aforefaid, for the ufe of the mortgagee or mortgagees, the cafhier or cafhiers of the bank (hall give a receipt or receipts for the faid money, in like manner as is herein before dire&ed in cafes of other payments into the bank; and thereupon all the

elhte,

Oh refufal, intereft to

cuy.

395

I766.]1 Anno fcpdmo Gsorgii III. c. 3?.

aftate, right, title, intereft, ufe, truft, property, claim, and demand, of the faid mortgagee or mortgagees, and of every per-fon or perfons in truft for him or them, (hall veft in the faid mayor and commonalty, and citizens; and they fhall be deemed to be in the adual pbfleflipn of the premises comprized in fuch mortgage or mortgages, to all intents and purpofes whatfoever.

XX V. And be it further enadled, That all fums of money to Monies to be be paid purfuant to any fuch agreement or verdidl as aforelaid, paid or ten. or on any fuch mortgage, (hall be, and are hereby charged and dered, before chargeable upon all monies which (hall be raifed or received for ep™ 0 the purpofes of this adl, and (hall be tendered to the party or miffes/ parties intitled to the fame; and in cafe of refufal to accept the lame, (hall be paid into the bank of England, in the names of any perfon or perfons appointed by the faid court of mayor and alaermen for that purpofe, in truft for fuch perfon and perfons as (hall be intitled to receive the fame, before the faid mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council affembled, (nail proceed to pull down any houfe or houfes, or other credlions or buildings, or to ufe the ground for any of the purpofes of this adl.

XXVI.	And be it further enadled, That the faid court of Power to find mayor and aldermen (hall have power, from time to time, to im- fheriffs, ju-^ pole any reafonable fine, not exceeding the fum of ten pounds,

on the (aid (heriffs, or their deputy or deputies, bailiffs or agents attending* refpedlively, making default in the premiffcs; and on any of the perfons who (hall be fummoned and returned on any fuch jury or juries, who (hall not appear, or who (hall refufe to be fworn on the faid jury or juries; or being fo fworn, (hall not give his or their verdidl; and alfo on any perfon or perfons who (hall be fummoned to give evidence touching any of the matters afore-faid, and (hall not attend, or (hall refufe to be fworn; or who? being fworn (hall refufe to give his, her, or their evidence; and or any other perfon or perfons who (hall in any other manner wilfully negledl his, her, or their duty in the premiffes, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this adl; and, from time to time, to levy fuch fine or fines, by order of the faid court of mayor and aldermen, by diftrefs and falc of the offenders goods, together with the reafonable charges of every fuch diftrels and fale, rendering the overplus, if any, to the owner; and all fuch fines (hall be applied to the purpofes of this adl.

XXVII.	And whereas^ by reafon of the purchafes which the faid mayor and commonalty, and citizenj, are hereby impowered to make, they may happen to be poffeffed of fome piece or pieces of ground aver and above what may be neceffary for any of the purpofes of this aft;

be it further enadted, That it lhall and may be lawful to and for common the faid mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council council im-mfiembled, to lett, fell, or difpofe of, any fuch piece or pieces of powered to ground, either together or in parcels, as they (hall think moft advantageous or convenient, to fuch perfon or perfons as (hall Iff willing to contradl, agree for, or purchafe the fame.	for the pur-

pofes of this adl;

XXVIII. And

and to grant licences for building on part of the fereets.

Monies arif-ing by fuch Tales or licences, to be appropriated to the purposes of this aft.

Common council im-powered to appoint committees.

The city and mercer's company by a joint committee to repair the royal ex* change.

Anno feptimo GeorgII IIL G* 37*	[1766;

XXVIII.	And whereas it may* fir the greater regularity er beauty of the Jlreets, ways, or pajfages, to be improved by virtue of this at7, or of the faid atJ of the twenty ninth year of King George the Second, be proper to build houfes, or parts of houfes, on fome parts of the ground and foil of the faid Jlreets, ways* or paffages* or on feme part of the former channel of Bridewell Dock, be it further eluded, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the laid mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council aflembled, for and in confideration of fuch fum or fums of money, or yearly rent or rents to be paid into the receipt of the chamber of the laid city of London, as they ihall think reafonable, to grant unto the owner or owners of the freehold and inheritance of the houfe or houfes fronting any fuch (treet, way, or paflage, licence or licences, under die common feal of the faid city of London, to build upon and inclofe fo much of the around and foil in the front of their faid refpeftivc houfe or houfes, as they (hall judge fit and proper to be built upon for the reafons aforefaid; and the

fpound and foil fo build ujpon in purfuance of fuch licence or icences, (hall for ever, or for and during the time or term to be exprefled in fuch licence or licences rcfpeftively, be annexed to and enjoyed with the adjoining freehold \ any law, ufage, or cuftom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIX.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That the monies arifmg by. the fale or letting of the grounds, fo to be lett or fold, or by fale of the materials of houfes and buildings to be purchafed and pulled down by virtue of this prefent aft, not herein before appropriated; and all monies to be paid for fuch licences as aforefaid; (hall be employed, and the fame are hereby appropriated to the purpofes of this aft, and (hall not be employed to or for any other ufe, intent, or purpofe whatfoever.

XXX.	And be it further enafted. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council aflembled, from time to time, to appoint one or more committee or committees, to manage and tranfaft all or any of the matters or purpofes which they the faid mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council aflembled, are hereby authorized or required to do, execute, or perform j which committee or committees, fo to be appointed, (hall have fuch powers and authorities as (hall, from time to time, be given or delegated to them refpeftively by the faid mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council aflembled, or fuch general powers as by this aft are given or granted to fuch committees refpec-tively.

XXXI.	And be it further enafted, That the faid mayor, and commonalty, and citizens, and the wardens and commonalty of the myftery of Mercers of the city of London (in whom the faid building called The Royal Exchange, is veiled, by the laft will and-teflament of Sir Thomas Grejham, formerly of the faid city, knight, deceafed, to, for, and upon, the ufes, trufls, intents, and purpofes, therein direfted or exprefled concerning the fame) (hall, and they are hereby authorized and required, to caufethe

397

i766.I	Anno feptimo Georgii III. c. 37;

faid Royal Exchange to be put into immediate and fufficient Repair ; fuch repair to be done and executed by or under the directions of a joint committee of the faid mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council aflembled, and of the faid wardens and commonalty, commonly called The Grejham Committee.

XXXII.	Provided always, and be it further enalted, That No member no perfon, being a member of any of the faid committees, (hall of any of the be direltly or indireltly interefted or concerned in any contrail, S°ln,?lttce9 which (hall be made or entered into by or on behalf of fuch com- cc*nede mittees refpedively, for or concerning any of the faid works, to control

be carried on or performed in purfuance of this all; or for or concerning any materials to be ufed or employed therein ; upon pain that every fuch contrail (hall be null and void-r and that the perfon who, being a member of any of, the faid committees,

(hall be fo interefted or concerned, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of one hundred pounds to any perfon or perfons who mall fue for the fame, to be recovered in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at IVeJlminJier, by allion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, to be commenced within fix months next sifter the offence committed ; in which allion or fuit re-fpeltively, no protellion, effoin, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed; and every perfon againft whom the (aid penalty (hall be recovered, (hall for ever thereafter be difabled from being elelled a member of the court of com* mon council of the faid city of London.

XXXIII.	And be it further enalted, That it (hall and may Committees be lawful to and for the faid refpeltive committees to contrail impowered t* and agree with any perfon or perfons, whether free of the faid cmpl°y P*r-city or not, for executing all dr any of the works or purpofes 1101 freCf aforefaid, in fuch manner as they (hall think (it: and no fuch

perfon or perfons, who (hall be fo employed or controlled with, nor any perfon or perfons to be fet to work by or under them, or any ot them, (hall, for any all done or to be done in or about any of the works aforefaid, be fubjelt or liable to any a£tion« indillment, or information, upon the ftatute made in the fifth year of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An aft containing divers orders Jor artificers, labourers, Jervants of hujbandry, and apprentices; or be liable to be fued for any breach of the cuftom of London, Qr for any penalties infiilled fey any bye-law of the faid city.

XXXIV.	Provided always, and be it-further enalted, ThatOmtralh to previous to the making of every fuch contrail, the faid commit- be

tees refpellively (hall caufe notice to be given in fomc of the daily news-papers, of their intention to make fuch contrail: and that all perfons willing to engage therein, may make proposals to them at a certain time and place in every fuch notico to be fpecified; and all contrails made, or to be made, in con-fcquence of fuch notice, (hall fpecify the feverai works to be done, and the price or prices to fee paid for the fame, and the time or times when the faid works are to be completed, together with the penalties to be incurred in cafe of the non-performance thereof; and the fame (hall be entered in a book or Vol.XXVIL	D	d	books.

39®

31* ios. per tent.

Anno feptimo GboRGH III. C. 37.	[1766.

books, to be kept for that purpofe, by the town clerk of the faid city of London for the time being.

Common	XXXV.	And,	for	enabling	the	/aid	mayor, aldermen,	and com-

council im- mens, in common council ajfembled, and the faid wardens and common-raifc i*6 oool	m$ftery	Gft	Mercers	refpeflively, to effedt the feveral pur-

upon the or^ P°JCS tsforefaid, be it further enafted, That it (hall and may be pliaiu fund, lawful"to and for the faid mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council affembled, and they are hereby authorized and impowered, at any time or times, from and after the faid twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty feven, to borrow and raife any fum or fums of money, not exceeding in the whole the fum of one hundred and fifty fix thoufand pounds, upon the credit of the faid fund fo by the faid aft of the fifth and fixth years of King fVMiam and Queen Mary eftab-lilhed, and by the (aid aft: of the twenty firft year of King George the Second in part further continued, and by this prefent aft in part further continued and augmented ; the faid monies to be paid into the Receipt of the chamber of the faid city of London, by fuch inftallments, in fuch proportions, and at fuch times, as the faid mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council to bc^ntitled affemt>lcd, (hall think fit and agree: and the perfons who (hall to redeemable contract to advance or contribute any part of the faid monies, annuities at (hall, in refpeftof the fums which they (hall fo refpeftively contract to advance, be intitied to annuities at and after the rate of three pounds ten (hillings per centum per annum, to commence and be computed from the payment of the firft of the faid inftallments, and to be thenceforth paid and payable every fix months, until redemption thereof by payment of each refpeftive principal fum: and that no part of the monies fo to be lent or advanced, nor any of the faid annuities fo to take place in rc-(peft thereof, (hall be rated or affefled to any tax or aflefiment whatfoever.

XXXVI.	And be it further enafted. That the faid mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council afiemblcd, (hall

filch ^n”^SiT°rcau^e a k°Ilc^ or or other fecurity, in writing, under the tieV ^Ifign^ble common feal of the faid city, to be delivered to every perfon ad-by indorie- vancing the faid monies, for the payment of fuch annuities in meat.	refpeft	thereof,	until	redeemed	as	is	herein	after-mentioned;

which bonds, notes, or other fecurities, (hall be affignable by proper words to be written or indorfed thereon.

XXXVII.	And, to the intent that the faid intended bridge at Black Fryars may, in due time, be freed and exempted from the payment of any toll for the pafj'age over the fame; be it further enafted, That the faid fund, by the laid aft of the fifth and fixth years of King William and Queen Mary eftablifhed, and by the faid aft of the twenty firft year of King George the Second in part further continued, and by this prefent aft in part further continued and augmented, mall, from and after the faid twenry fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty feven, .be charged and chargeable with the payment of the principal and intereft of the faid fum pf one hundred and forty four thou-

firid

Common council to

The orphans fund charged with the (aid j 44,000!.

399

t?66.] Anno feptimo Georgii III. c. 37;

ftnd pounds, fo borrowed and raifcd for the purpofesof the faid bridge as aforefaid, over and above the debt now remaining due to the faid orphans and other creditors of the faid city, and the faid fum of one hundred and fifty fix thoufand pounds to be raifed and borrowed upon the credit thereof, as aforefaid.

. XXXVIII. And be it further enaded, That, for and towards 6 d. duty upon rendering the faid fund fufficient and effedual to pay off and dif- co^® 5ontI" charge not only the principal and intereft of the debt fo remain- yc^l#°r ** i/ig due to the faid orphans and other creditors of the faid city, but Iikewife of the faid fum of one hundred and forty four thoufand pounds, fo charged thereon by this prefent ad, and alfo to pay and redeem the annuities which will be payable in refpedof the faid fum of one hundred and fifty fix thoufand pounds fo to be raifed and borrowed upon the credit thereof; the faid impofi-tion of fix pence for every chaldron or ton of coals or culm, fo by the faid ad of the fifth and lixth years of King IVilliam ana Queen Mary, granted during a term of fifty years, and by the faid ad of the twenty firft year ofK.\ngGeorgc the Second further continued for a term of thirty five years, (hall be, and the fame is hereby, continued for a further term of forty fix years from the expiration of the faid term of thirty five years: and that all and every- the powers, authorities, diredions, and provifions, coni' tained in the faid two ads, or either of them, for the colledine, levying, and recovering, of the faid impofition, and all the penalties thereby impofed, and regulations therein refpedively made for preventing fraud and covin, fhall remain and be in force, and* by virtue of this ad, fhall and may be excrcifed and put in ufe, for colleding, levying, and recovering, the faid impofition, for and during all the time by this ad limited and appointed for the payment thereof, as if the fame were herein exprefsly mentioned and repeated, and at large re-enaded: and all monies to be received upon account of the faid impofition hereby continued (hall, from time to time, be paid into the receipt of the chamber of the faid city of London, for and towards the increafe of the faid fund.

XXXIX. And be it further enaded, That for and towards City revenues the further increafe of the faid fund, all and every the manors, charged with mefluaees, lands, tenements, markets, fairs, and the duties thereof, and all other the revenues of and belonging to the faid fund.° C city of London, in poffefllon or reverfion, (hall (from and after the faid twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand (even hundred and (ixty feven, unto the twenty fourth day of June, which will be in the year one thoufand eight hundred and thirty one) ftand and be charged with the full yearly fum of one thoufand five hundred pounds, and no more, over and above the faid fevcral yearly (inns of eight thoufand pounds, and two thoufand pounds, with which they now refpedively {land charged: which yearly fum of one thoufand five hundred pounds is hereby appropriated, and (hall be applied, to the fame ufes to which the faid yearly fums of tight thoufand pounds, and two thoufand pounds, are, by the faid ^ fcnncr ads, or by this prefent ad, made liable.

D da

XL. And

years, towards difeharge of the principal of the orphans debts

400	Anno feptimo GeoRGII III. C. yjl [176^4

Said fundI ap- XL. And be it further enafted, That the faid fund created Pa°Pdiettnt€° ^Y the faid aft of the fifth and fixth years of King William and ref? of the or- Queen Alary ^ and by the faid act of the twenty firft year of phans debt, King George the Second, and by this prefeni aft in part further and of faid continued and augmented, (hall be, and the fame is hereby, t44,0001, and appropriated, in the firft place, to pay the intereft on the faid 15 >°°° • principal debt remaining due to the faid orphans, and other creditors, of the faid city; and after payment thereof, then to pay the intereft on the faid principal futn of one hundred and forty four thoufand pounds fo by this aft charged upon the faid fund, and alfo the annuities which (hall be payable in refpeft of the faid fum of one hundred and fifty fix thoufand pounds, fo to be borrowed and raifed upon the credit thereof.

Surpluses of XLL And^J'or difekarging the principal of the faid fum of one laid fund to hundred and forty four thoufand pounds, and redeeming the annuities be applied, for which Jhall he fo payable in refpeft of the faid fum of one hundred ani the hril tour pptyplx thoufand pounds, as well as the faid principal debt now due to the faid orphans, and other credit or j, of the faid city ^London, be it further enafted. That the future furpluffes of the faid fund, fo created, continued, and augmented, as aforefaid (after referving fo much money as (hall be fufficient to fatisfy the intereft which (hall, at any time, be due to the faid orphans, and other creditors, of the faid city, as alfo to fatisfy the intereft which (hall, at any time, be due on the faid fum of one hundred and forty four thoufand pounds, and the faid annuities in refpeft of the faid fum of one hundred and fifty fix thoufand pounds) (hall, from time to time, by order of the court of mayor and aldermen of the faid city of London (which order the laid court are hereby authorized and direfted to make) be, by the chamberlain of the faid city for the time being, applied towards the payment and difeharge of the principal, as well of the faid fums of one hundred and forty four thoufand pounds, and one hundred and fifty fix thoufand pounds, as of the faid debt due to the faid orphans, and other creditors, of the fame city, in manner following; that is to fay, for and during the fpace of four years, to be computed from the faid twenty fourth day of June% one thoufand feven hundred and fixty feven, towards the payment and difeharge of the faid principal debt due to the laid orphans, and other creditors, of the faid city as aforefaid, or of fo much of the faid principal debt as the laid furplufles (hall, during the faid four years, amount unto; and from and after the expiration of the faid four years, then towards the payment and difeharge of the faid principal fum of one hundred ana forty four thoufand pounds; and from and after the payment anddiJ-charge thereof, then towards the payment and difeharge -of fo much of the faid principal debt as mail then remain due to the faid orphans, and other creditors of the faid city; and from and after the payment and difeharge of the whole of fuch debt, then towards redemption of all and every the annuities fo to be granted in refpeft of the faid fum of one hundred and fifty fix thoufand pounds: the payment of whichiaid fcveral fume, dnfi

then of faid 144,0001.

then of the remainder of the orphans debt, and afterwards to redeem the faid annuities

1766.3	Anno feptimo Georgii III. c. 37;	40jj

and may be made in fuch order as the faid court of mayor and aldermen (hall think fit, but within the refpe&ive times fo as aforefaid limited for the making thereof refpe&ively,

XLII. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That tho Upon fix faid court of mayor and aldermen fhall give, or caufe to be given, months no-fik calendar months notice of their intention to pay off fuch re-fpeflive principal fums, or to redeem fuch annuities, to the per- JndwndCTof (on or perfons to whom the fame (hall refpe&ively belong; atthe money, the end of which fix months, upon payment or tender of thetbe intereft or refpedtive fums fo due, or for which fuch annuities ihall have*nnuitie| to been granted, to or for the perfon or perfons to whom fuch no-wa c* ' tice (hall be given, at the office of the chamberlain of the faid city of London, for the time being, in the Guildhall of the fame city; and from thenceforth the intereft or annuity payable to fuch perfon or perfons, to whom fuch notice and payment or tender fhall have been fo given or made as aforefaid, (hall ceafe and deter* mine: neverthclefs,the monies fo tendered (hall be paid to fuch but theprin-perfon or perfons, upon his, her, or their demand, and giving acipal tobeftill difeharge fpr the fame ; and the faid debts or fums fo charged Pay*Wc« on the (aid fund, and paid off as aforefaid, (hall be annihilated.

XLTII. Provided always, and be it further enafled. That for The furpluf-and during the faid fpace of four years, to be computed from the faid twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred 4 and fixty feven, the furpluffes arifing and to arife of (he faid fund, yearly; and fhall be applied to the refpedtive purpofes aforefaid yearly, at afterward* the end of each year; but that from and after the expiration of yearly, the faid four years, the (aid furpluffes (hall be fo applied at the end of every half year.

XLIV. Provided always, and be it further enabled. That if Deficiencies in the faid fund (hall at any time or times hereafter prove infufficient payment of to pay off and difeharge the intereft of the faid refpective princi- fai^ inr?r5ft pal debts, and the annuities fo charged thereon \ then, and in	™payout

every fuch cafe, and fo often as the fame (hall happen, the fum, of the cham-which (hall be wanting to complete the payment and difeharge ber, and fup-of fuch intereft and annuities, mall be advanced and paid out of Pj,cd out the chamber of the faid city, and be made good, and fupplied out	Br"

of the next furpluffes arifing or to arife of the faid fund.	*	■

XLV. And be it further enadled, That the faid fum of one Application hundred and fifty fix thoufand pounds, fo to be raifed and bor- of the money rowed as aforefaid, (hall be iffued and applied, and the fame is raifed. hereby appropriated to and for the refpedtive ufes and purpofes herein after mentioned that is to fay, a fum not exceeding fifty eight thoufand five hundred pounds, part of the faid fum of one hundred and fifty fix thoufand pounds, (hall be iffued and applied for and towards the completing of the faid intended bridge from JQlaci Friars to the oppofite fide in the faid county of Surrey; and for or towards making, widening, enlarging, and improving, ftreets, wavs, and paflages, on each fide of the faid river, to and from the (aid bridge, according to the powers given to the faid mayor, aldermen, and commons. In common council affemblrd^

4ft a&d by faid a& pf the twenty ninth year of King George

*	D	d	3

4oj	Anno	feptimo Georgii III. c. 37.	11766.

the Second, or in and by this prefent ad: and a fum not exceeding: feven thoufand five hundred pounds, other part of the laid fum of one hundred and fifty fix thoufand pounds, (hall be if-fued and applied for or towards defraying the expence of embanking fo much of the north fide of the faid river, within the limits aforefaid, as (hall by the faid mayor, aldermen, and com* mons, in common council aflcmbled, be embanked by virtue of this prefent aft; the refidue of the faid fum of feven thoufand five hundred pounds, if any, after defraying fuch expences, to be ilTiicd and applied in manner herein after mentioned and directed, as part of a fund for lighting, watching, cleanfing, and repairing, the faid intended bridge when built: and a fum not exceeding thirty thoufand pounds, other part of the faid fum of one hundred and fifty fix thoufand pounds, (hall be iflued and applied, in the firft place, for or towards redeeming and pur-chafing the faid tolls, payable for the paflage over London Bridge, and the Icafe thereof; and the refidue (hall be placed out at in-tereft, upon fuch government or real fccurities, or be laid out in the purchafeof the freehold and inheritance of fuch lands, tenements, and hereditaments, as to the faid mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council aflcmbled, mall feem meet, in truft, for or towards the ufes, intents, and purpofes, to which the (aid tolls, or the rents and fines payable in refped thereof, are now applicable: and a fum not exceeding fifty thoufand pounds, other part of the faid fum of one hundred and fifty fix thoufand pounds, (hall be iflued and applied for or towards the pulling down the faid gaol of Newgate, and building a new gaol inftead thereof; and for or towards purchafing fuch houfes and lands as lhall by the faid mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council afiemblcd, be judged neccflary for the purpofe of rendering fuch new gaol more airy, extenfive, and commodious, or for making, widening, enlarging, or improving, any of the ftreets, ways, or paflages, adjoining or leading to the faid intended new gaol and feflions houlc : and a fum not exceeding ten thoufand pounds, refidue of the faid fum of one hundred and fifty fix thoufand pounds, lhall be iflued and applied for or towards the immediate and fubftantial repairs of the faid houfe or And to heap- building, called The Royal Exchange: and no part of any of the other'ufe^110 ^a,c* ^veral fums fhall be applicable or applied to or for any other 9 ufe, intent, or purpofe whatfoever, than to or for, or towards, the feveral purpofes to which the fame are fo refpeciively appropriated by this ad; and if any furplus (ball remain of any of the laid fums, over and above what (hall be applied to the feveral and •ndif any refpedive ufes and purpofes aforefaid, all and every fuch furplus applied *0 in! A13*! applied and appropriated for or towards the increafe of creale the the fund by the faid ad of the fifth and fixth years of King Wil~ fund.	ham and Queen Mary eftablifhed, and by the faid ad of the

twenty firft year of King George the Second and this prefent ad in part continued and augmented as aforefaid, to and for the feveral ufes and purpofes thereof, by the faid ads, or any of them, it* fpedively declared or appointed.

XLVI. An*

,1766.] Anno feptimo Georgii III. c. 37*	403

XLVI. And be it farther ena&ed, That the faid mayor and City to pay an commonalty, and citizens, (hall, and they are hereby required, ^n"|U,^)^r(|g yearly and every year, to pay, or caufc to be paid, to the trcafurer, wdh^in-for the time being, of the commifiioners appointed by an alt of fterpavement, parliament made in the fecond year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, or to be appointed by any future alt of parliament, for paving the city and liberty of IP'eJhninjUr, the parifties of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint George the Martyr, Saint George Bloomjbury, that part of the parifh of Saint Andrew Holborn which lies in the county of A&ddlefex, the feveral liberties of the Rolls and Savoft and that part of thedutchy of Lancafter which lies in the county of Middlefex, or his afligns, one or more annuity or annuities, or yearly fum or fums of money, not exceeding the yearly fum of eight hundred pounds in the whole, by equal half-yearly payments ; that is to fay, on the twenty fifth day of March, and twenty ninth day of September, in every year; the firft payment thereof to begin and be made upon the twenty fifth day of Marehy which will be in the year one thoufand (even hundred and fixty eight: and that the faid mayor and commonalty, and of48ol. to-.. citizens, (hall, and they are hereby required, yearly and every ward*tbe b°* year, to pay, or caufc to be paid, unto the treafurer, for the paVC" time being, of the commifiioners appointed by an alt of the fixth year of his faid prefent Majefty’s reign, or to be appointed by any future alt of parliament for paving the town and borough ot Southwark, and parts adjacent, or his afligns, one or more annuity or annuities, or yearly fum or fums of money, not exceeding the yearly fum of four hundred and eighty pounds in the whole, by like equal half-yearly payments ; that is to fay, on the twenty fifth day of Marche and twenty ninth day of September , in every year; the firft payment thereof to begin and be made on the faid twenty fifth day of Marcby which will be in the year of our Lord one thoufand feven hundred and fixty eight aforefaid: two third parts of which annuity or annuities (hall be applied to the ufe of the weftern divifion, and the other third part to the ufe of the eaftern divifion, deferibed in the faid alt.

XLVII. And be it further enacted. That for fecuring the and for that payment of the faid refpedtive annuities to the refpeltive com- purpofe to if-miflioners aforefaid, in manner above-mentioned, the faid mayor	ufl#

and commonalty, and citizens, (hall make and execute, under nion fad.00”1* the common feal of the faid city, and deliver unto the treafurer far the time being of the faid commifiioners for paving the ftreets within the city and liberty of lVeJiminjlery and pariihes adjacent, one or more bond or bonds (the number thereof to be at the option of the faid commifiioners) and that the faid mayor and commonalty, and citizens, (hall be therein bound to the treafurer for the time being to the faid commifiioners, .in fome penal fum or fums, not exceeding in the whole the fum of twenty thoufand pounds, to be paid to the faid treafurer, or his afligns, with condition, that fuch bond or bonds (hall be void on pay-medt of the laid annuity or annuities .of eight hundred pounds

I) d 4	*	per

Bonds (if mere than one)to be numbered.

4°4	Anno	feptimo	Georgii	til.	c.	37.	[1766;

per annum as aforefaid, or on redemption of fuch annuity or annuities on the terms and in manner herein after cxprefled ; and that the faid mayor and commonalty, and citizens, (hall, in like manner, make'and execute, under the common feal of the faid city, and deliver unto the treafurer for the time being of the faid commiflioners for paving the Ifareets within the faid town and borough of Southwark, one or more bond or bonds (the number thereof to be at the option of the faid commiflioners)

^ and that the faid mayor and commonalty, and citizens, (hall be therein bound to the faid treafurer for the time being to the (aid lad named commiflioners, in fome penal fum or fums, not exceeding In the whole the fum of twelve thoufand pounds, to be paid to the faid treafurer, or his afligns, with condition, that fuch bond or bonds (hall be void on payment of the faid annuity or annuities of four hundred and eighty pounds per annum as afore-faid, or on the redemption of fuch annuity or annuities on the ^	terms	and in manner herein after cxprefled.

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it further ena£ted, That the faid bonds (if more than one) fo to be executed and delivered to the treafurer of the faid commiflioners for paving ths ftreets within the faid city and liberty of fVeJiminfter^znd parithes adjacent, (hall be numbered in arithmetical progrefllon, beginning at number one ; and the faid bonds (if more than one) fo to be executed and delivered to the treafurer of the faid com-miflioners for paving the ftreets within the faid town and borough of Southwark, (hall be numbered in like manner ; and all the faid bonds (hall be refpe&ively aflignab'e by proper words to be written or endorfed thereon, and (hall or may be fold, or difpofed of, by the faid commiflioners refpe&ively; and the monies arifing by fuch falc, and in the mean time the annuities to arife from fuch bonds, (hall refpectively be appropriated and applied towards the execution of the fevera) trufts which the faid commiflioners are or (hall, by any fuch a<ft or a&s, refpedively be authorized or required to execute, or caufe to be executed, and to or for no other ufe or purpofe whatfoever.

Annuities to XL1X. Provided alfo, and be it further ena&ed. That tho be redeemable (aid annuities (hall, from time to time (until the whole (hall be by the city, redeemed) be redeemable by the faid mayor and commonalty, and citizens, either wholly, or in part, according to their numerical order, without preference or partiality, upon fix calendar months notice for that purpofe, to be firft publirtied in the />*-ion Gazette \ at the expiration of which time, the proprietors of fuch annuity or annuities (hall, upon delivering up to the chamberlain of the faid city of London, for the time being, at his office In the guildhall of the fame city, the faid bond or bonds fo given for the fame, be intitled to receive from the faid mayor and commonalty, and citizens, the fum of one hundred pounds, for and in full fatisfa&ion and redemption of every four pounds of fuch annuity or annuities; which annuity or annuities (hall, from and after the end of the faid fix months, ceafe, and b§ po longer paid or payable} apy thing to be in focb bond or

bonds

and »ffjgamble by endowment.

go notice.

405

1766.] Anno feptlmo Georgii III. C. 37.

bonds contained to the contrary thereof, in any ways notwith-ftanding.

L. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That Tolls of Lon* all and every the tolls which are or (hall be payable, by virtue don Bridge of any act of parliament or prefeription, for the paflTage over and BlacK London Bridge, and for the paflage over the faid intended bridge ^ccaie^n the at Black FryarSy (hall have continuance, and be paid and payable cjty'& being to the faid mayor and commonalty, and citizens, until they (hall, reimbursed by and out of the nett produce thereof to arife or accrue from and faid anuumes# after the twenty ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hun- &c# dred and feventy (after deducting the charges of the collection thereof, and the charges which will attend the making and executing the bonds by this a<5t directed to be given, and theobtain-ing and palling of this prefent aft, which they are hereby authorized to retain) receive and be reimburfed, all fuch fum and fums of money as they (hall have advanced in payment of the faid annuities, or for the redemption thereof, together with in-tereft for the money fo advanced at and after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum \ but from and immediately after fuch reimburfement (hall have been made and completed, the faid tolls (hall ceafe and determine, and be no longer paid or payable; any law, ftatute, or prefeription, to the contrary thereof, in any ways notwithftanding.

LI. And be it further cnaCted, That the ground and foil of Ground em-the faid river fo to be inclofed and embanked, in the front of banked toveft every fuch refpeCtive wharf or ground (and which (hall be bounded on the eaft and weft (ides thereof by ftraight lines running, at right angles, to and upon the faid intended front line) (hall veft, and the fame is hereby vefted in the owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors, of fuch adjoining wharf or ground, according to his, her, or their refpeCtive eftates, trufts, or interefts therein, free from all taxes and afieftments whatfoever.

LII. Andy in order to provide a fund for defraying the expences of lightingy watchingy cleanfingy and repairingy the faid intended bridge when builty be it further enaCted, That the ground and foil of the The ground faid river, which by virtue of this a St (hall be fo inclofed and em- *°	.

banked, (hall, from and after the twenty ninth day of September,	lub-*

one thoufand feven hundred and fixty feven, be for ever fubjeCt jea to a quit-to, and the fame is hereby charged with, the following yearly quit- rent of 1 y. rents; that is to fay, as to fo much thereof as (hall be fo inclofed H* 4ooti and embanked by or at the expence of the refpeCtive owners or proprietors of^the adjoining wharfs or grounds, to and with a yearly quit-rent of one farthing fterling per foot, fuperficial measure, for every fuperficial foot thereof; and as to fo much of the and if by the laid ground and foil as (hall be fo inclofed and embanked by or- city, to a der and at the expence of the faid mayor, aldermen, and com- quit-rent of mons, in common council aftembled, as aforefaid, to and with alli' *tr t00t*

Sarly quit-rent of one penny fterling per foot, fuperficial’ mea-re, for every fuperficial foot thereof \ which faid yearly qqit-’ vents (hall be, and the fame are hereby vefted in and payable to |be (aid mayor and tommQnalty, and dti&coa* for ever, to and for

4 off

Tenants by kafe to pay fa id quit-nuts j

find in cafe of embankment by the land-lot dj to pay

an additional lent of 3q. per loot.

Tenants indemnified for their payments to the city*

Anno feptimo GeoRGII HI. c. 37.	[1766.

the ufes, intents, and purpofes, herein after mentioned, of and concerning the fame; and (hall be yearly paid and payable into the receipt of the chamber of the laid city of London, upon the twenty fifth day of -Marchy and twenty ninth day of September, in every year, by even and equal portions; the firft of fuch payments to begin and be made upon fuch of the faid days as (hall firft and next happen after fuch refpe&ive embankments (hall have been finifhed and completed.

LIU. And be it further cnaded, That the faid quit-rents, fo charged upon, and payable in refped of, the ground and foil of the faid river, lying oppofite and contiguous to any wharfs or grounds, which, at the time of fuch refpective embankments, mall be held by any tenant or tenants, by virtue of or under any leafe or leafes thereof, or any agreement or agreements in writing, (hall, during the continuance of the term or intereft of fuch tenant or tenants therein refpc&ively, be paid and payable by fuch tenant or tenants, over and above the rents referved and made payable by fuch leafe or lcafcs, agreement or agreements, refpec-tively.

LlV. Provided always. That where the faid ground and foil of the river, oppofite and contiguous to any of the faid wharfs or grounds, (hall be inclofed or embanked, by or at the charge of the landlord or landlords of fuch wharf or ground refpe&ivcly, the tenant or tenants thereof, holding under fuch leafe or leafes, agreement or agreements, (hall, during the continuance of his, her, or their term or intereft therein, pay unto his, her, or their refpective landlord or landlords, over and above the faid quit-rent, and the rent or rents referved and made payable by fuch leafe or leafes, agreement or agreements, an additional yearly rent of three farthings per foot, fuperficial meafure, for every fuperficial foot contained in the ground and foil fo inclofed and embanked for him, her, or them refpcdively; which additional rent or rents (hall commence and take place at the fame time as the quit-rents hereby referved and made payable to the mayor and commonalty, and citizens, of the faid city, are dire&ed to take place, and (hall be paid and payable, and (hall and may be recovered, in fuch and the like manner as the faid original rent or rents is or are referved and recoverable by or under fuch leafe or leafes, agreement or agreements; any thing therein contained to the contrary thereof in any ways notwithftanding.

LV. Provided alfo, and be it further enabled. That in all cafes not herein before mentioned and provided for, the tenant or tenants of any of the faid wharfs or grounds (hall and may pay into the receipt of the chamber of the faid city, the quit-rent hereby made payable in refpect of the ground and foil oppofite and contiguous to his, her, or their refpe&ive wharfs or grounds, and dedud the fame out of the rent or rents which he* (he, or they, (hall be liable to pay to his, her, or their refpcAive landlord or landlords; and, upon payment of fuch quit-rents* (hall be acquitted and difeharged of fo much money as the feme {hall amount unto* as if the feme had actually been paid to fuch

landlord

1766.] Anno feptimo Georgii III. c. 37:	407

landlord or landlords: and if any difference (hall arifc between Mayor and landlord and tenant, or any other perfon, concerning the faid quit-rent, or any part thereof, the court of mayor and aldermen dfftVrencci of the faid city of London fhall have, and they are hereby inverted between land-■with, full power to hear the fame in a fummary way, upon peti- lord and te-tion of either of the parties, and fourteen days notice to the nan[» other parties interefted, and finally to determine the fame. tice.*^* n°"

LVI. Provided alfo, and be it further enabled, That if the city, in cafe faid yearly quit-rent, or any part thereof, fhall happen to be be- of non pay-hind or unpaid, by the fpace of forty days next over or after ei- mcTr^l^‘tcr therof the faid days herein before appointed for payment there- 111 P0** of; then, and in every fuch cafe, it fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid mayor and commonalty, and citizens, into and upon the premiffes, in refpedt of which fuch yearly quit-rent, or any part thereof, fhall fo be in arrear, to enter, and the fame to hold, ufe, occupy, poflefs, and enjoy, and the rents and profits thereof to take, until thereby, or otherwife, the faid yearly quit-rent fo due and in arrear for the fame, together with the cofts and charges of fuch entry and poffeflion, ihall be fully paid and fatisfied.

LVII. Provided alfo, and be it further enafled, That the faid Quit-rent* re-yearly quit-rent, by this a£t referved and made payable, and decmable. ivery or any part thereof, fhall be redeemable, upon payment to the chamberlain of the faid city for the time being of the price or value thereof, to be computed and ertimated ai and after the rate of twenty years purchafe, together with all arrears of the faid yearly quit-rent, to be computed pro rata to the day of fuch payment or tender.

LVin. Provided always, and be it further enafted,That no- Agreements thing in this act contained Ihall extend to vacate or fet afide any with the fo-agreement which hath been, or (hall be, made between the faid cieties of the mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council aflembied,	le

or any committee of them, or their agent or agents, and thenottobeva-benchcrs of the two honourable focietics of the Middle Temple and cated,

Jfiner Temple, or either of them, with refpedl to the faid embankment, or any payment or other matter relating thereunto; but fuch agreement or agreements fhall be duly carried into execution ; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwith-Handing.

. LIX. Provided alfo, and be it enafted, That nothing in this or their fran-aft contained (hall extend to take away, alter, or abridge, any chifea abridg-right, claim, privilege, franchife, exemption, or immunity, tq cd-Which the faid focieties, or cither of them, are now by law in-titled ; but the lame (hall remain and continue in fuch force and effed as if this a<ft had never been made.

LX. And be it further enabled. That all the monies which Redemption flrall be fo paid for the redemption or purchafe of any part of the money and Aid quit-rents, and alfo the relidue (it any) of the faid fuiq of refidue of reven thoufand five hundred pounds (part of the faid fum of onq	t0

hundred and fiftv fix thoufand pounds, to be borrowed and at mtereftT1* as aforefaid) which iqay remjiut after defraying the e*-»

1: ................................................... Pcn<*

4°8

atnd faid intereft and quit-rents.

appropriated to the lighting the new bridge.

Chamberlain to keep accounts of receipts and difburfe-snents, for public infpec (ion.

Anno feptimo GeoRGII III. C. 37;	[1766.

pence of the embankments fo to be made by order of the (aid mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council afTembled, (hall be placed out at intereft, upon real or government fecuri-ties, in the name of the chamberlain, comptroller, and town clerk, of the faid city for the time being: and the intereft or dividends of the (aid turns lb to be placed out at intereft, which (hall accrue before the faid twenty ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy; and the faid quit-rents, which in that time (hall become due and payable; (hall, in like manner, be placed out at intereft, in addition to the faid prind-

!>al fums; and the intereft or dividends of the faid accumulated ums, together with the quit-rents which (hall not be redeemed, and (hall accrue from and after the faid twenty ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and feventy, (hall, from time to time, be iftiiedand applied, and the fame "are hereby appropriated, to, for, or towards, the lighting, watching, cleaning, and repairing, the faid intended bridge at Black Fryars, and to or for no other ufe, intent, or purpofe whatfoever.

LXI. Andy to the end that the feveral fums of money hereby appointed and appropriated to the refpefiive ufes and purpofes herein before-mentioned and preferibedy may be duly applied to fuch ufes accordingly y and to no other, be it further enafted, That there (hall, from time to time, be provided and kept by the chamberlain of the faid city of London for the time being, one or more book or books of vellum or parchment, in which all the monies to be # received of the faid fund, by the faid aft of the fifth and fixth ’ years of King IVilliam and Queen Mary eftablifhed, and by the faid aft of the twenty firft year of King George the Second and this prefent aft in part continued and augmented, (hall, from time to time, as the fame (hall be received, be entered and fet down; and fuch entry (hall fpecify for what the fame was received ; and alfo one other like book or books, wherein the accounts of aD payments and diiburfcments out of the fame (hall be likewifc entered and fet down, exprefling the time when, the occafiou for which, and the name of the perfon or perlons to whom, the fame were fo paid and difburfed ; and that the accounts of fuch receipts and payments be audited yearly upon oath, before one of the auditors of the impreft for the time being (which oath the laid auditors refpeftively are hereby required to adminifter) be-tween the feaft days of Saint Afschael the archangel and Saint Thomas the apoftle; and the faid auditor (hall have and receive of the chamberlain of the faid city of London for the time being the fum of twenty (hillings, and no more, for every thoufand pounds the faid account (hall amount to; which accounts, fo audited, (hall be figned by the auditor, and be allowed alfo by the (aid court of mayor and aldermen of the faid city of London: and there (hall alfo be provided and kept by the faid chamberlain, one or more book or books of vellum or parchment, in which all the monies, which by virtue of this prefent aft (hall be raifed or borrowed upon the credit of the fund afore&id, (hall, from time to time, as the fame (hall be received, be entered and let downs

md

1766.] Anno feptimo Georgii III. c. 37.	409

and wherein alfo all the monies to be paid and difburfed out of the monies to be received (hall, from time to time, be entered and fet down; and fuch entry lhall exprefs the time when, tho occafions for which, and the names of the perfonstowhom, thef fame (hall be fo paid$ the account of which faid laft mentioned receipts and payments (hall be yearly audited and allowed by th© faid mayor, aldermen, and commons, in common council af-fembled: and there (hall alfo be provided and' kept by the faid chamberlain one or more book or books of vellum or parchment, in which all the monies to be received from any of the tolls which, from and after the faid twenty ninth day ot Septrn-ter9 one thoufand feven hundred and feventy* fhall be payable* for the paflage over London Bridge, or for the paflage of the faid intended bridge at Black Friary (hall, from time to time, as the fame (hall be received, be entered and fet down; and wherein alfo all the monies to be paid or di(buried of the monies fo re* ceived (hall, from time to time, be entered and fet down; and fuch entry (hall exprefs the times when, the occafions for which, and the names of the perfons to whom, the fame (hall be fa paid $ the account of which laft mentioned receipts and pay* ments (hall be yearly audited and allowed by the faid court of mayor and aldermen of the faid city; and the faid feveral book* fhall remain in the chamber of the faid city of London, to be perufed and infyeded gratis by any perfon or perfons at any time or times (Sundays or other holidays excepted) in the forenoon* between the hours of ten and twelve.

LXIL Provided always, and be it further ena&ed, That it Commoit. fhall and may be lawful to and for the faid mayor, aldermen, council inland commons, in common council aflembled, and they are powered to hereby authorized and impowered, from time to time, to nomi-	***

nate and appoint fuch and fo many clerks and other officers under them as (hall be neceflary to be employed in or about the execution of all or any the purpofes aforefaid; and out of the faid monies to be raifed by virtue or in purfuance of this ad, to make fuch allowances to the faid clerks and officers refpedively, for their care and pains in the execution of their refpedive offices, as they (hall think reafonable; any thing herein before contained, to the contrary thereof in any ways notwithftanding.

LXIII. And be it further enaded, That all and every officer Officers con-and officers, or other perfon or perfons whatever, concerned, or corned in the to be concerned, in the receipt of any of the fums of money by this ad appropriated to the ufes aforefaid, before he or they (hall &jvc Neurit/, be admitted to take upon him or them the execution of any of the faid office or offices, (hall be bound with fufficient fureties to the faid mayor and commonalty, and citizens, for the juft and faithful execution of fuch office or employment, in fuch reafonable fum or fums as by the faid court of mayor and aldermen (hall be thought fitting, having regard to the truft repofed, or to be repofed, in fuch officer or officers.

LXIV. And be it further enaded, That if any chamberlain Penalty on Of tbs dud city of London, or other officer or perfon aforefaid, officer* mif-

.	. (hall, applying any

4<o

of the laid monies.

City anfWer-

carion by them.

Anno feptimo Georgii III. c. 37.	[1766;

lhall, after receipt of any of the laid monies, divert or mifapply the fame, or any part thereof, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this ad; then fuch chamberlain or other officer, or perfon aforefaid, lo diverting or misapplying the faid money, lhall forfeit treble the fum fo mifapplied ; which faid forfeitures lhall be recovered by any of the faid orphans and other creditors of the faid city, claiming under or by virtue of the faid ad of the fifth and fixtli years of King IVilliam and Queen Mary, or by the executors, adminiftrators, or alfigns, of any of them, who lhall fue for the fame by adionof debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record, wherein no eftbin, protedion, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, lhall be allowed.

LXV. And be it further enaded. That if any of the faid able in cafe of fums by this ad appropriated, or any part thereof, lhall happen any mi app 1- |0 ^ mifapp]ieci or converted to any other ufe than as aforefaid, by the faid mayor and commonalty, and citizens of London, for the time being, or any of their officers, or any other perfon, by colour of any warrant or authority by, from, or under them; then, and in fuch cafe, the faid mayor and commonalty, and citizens, lhall be anfwerable for the fame, out of the revenues of the faid corporation, in any adion to be brought by any of the faid creditors, their executors, adminiftrators, or alligns; which faid fum fo recovered lhall be applied to the fame ufesas the fame fums (if not mifapplied) Ihould or might have been; excepting the cofts of fuit, which ihall be to and for the benefit of him, her, or them, fo fuing.

LXVI. Provided always, and be it further enaded. That all amerciaments, fines, iflues, or diftreiTcs, againft the faid corporation of the faid mayor and commonalty, and citizens, had,

-	.	,	charged,	or	levied,	in or upon account ot fuch fuits or adioas

ufcTu/thi*1 C brought, lhall be applied to the ufes aforefaid, and to no other a^t, ami not ufe whatfoever $ nor lhall the fame be pardoned, acquitted, or difeharged, by any letters of fignet, privy leal of his Majefty, his heirs, or fucceflors, or otherwife howfoeYcr; any law or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding.

Chamberlain LXVII. And be it further enaded. That the chamberlain of to Uy ac- the laid city of Londony for the time being, lhall, within the firll counts before fcfiion of the next parliament, lay before each houfe of parlia-

Amerciaments, &c. againtt the city to be ap

to be dif-cbarged, &c,

parliament

annually.

ment an account of the furplus which lhall have arifen between the twenty fourth day of Juney one thou land feven hundred and fixty feven, and twenty ninth day of September* in the year one thoutand feven hundred and fixty eight, of and from the faid fund cftablilhcd by the faid ad of the fifth and lixth years of King JVilliam and Queen Maiy, and in part further continued and augmented by the faid ad of the twenty iirft year of King George the Second and this prefent ad, and how much of the faid furplus (hall have been applied to the pavment of the faid refpedive principal fums, and how much of fuch principal fums (hall then remain unpaid; and alfo an account of the dilburie-jpents within that time of the faid fum of one hundred and fifty

2	fix

.	.	I

1766.] Anno feptimo Georgii III. c. 38.	411

fix thoufand pounds, or of fo much thereof as (ball have then been raifed and borrowed; and alfo an account of the receipts of, and payments out of the faid tolls, within the fame time ; and (hall, in each fucceeding year, lay before each houfe of parliament, the like accounts for the year, ending the twenty ninth day of September then laft pad.

LXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enadted, That no Bonds, &rc. bond, note, contract, agreement, aflignment, entry, copy, or ^*^2* by proceeding, by this aft directed or authorized to be executed, chvaeaWe made, or given, (hall be charged or chargeable, or fubjedt or li- with any duty* able to any duty whatsoever.

LXIX. Provided alfo, and be it further enadted, That no-This aft not thing in this adt contained,,(hall extend or be conftrued to ex- to affe& any tend, to leffen or affedt the fccurity of any of the prefent credi-°f f^c c,ty’* tors of the faid mayor and commonalty, and citizens, further or ***' otherwife, than is herein exprefsly diredted and enadted,

LXX. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, Limitation of That if any adtion (hall be brought, or fuit commenced againd adtion*. any perlbn or perfons for any thing done in purfuance of this adt, or in relation to the premiffes, or any of them, every fuch action or fuit (haffbe laid or brought within fix calendar months next after the fadt done, and (hall be laid or brought in the faid city of London, and not elfewhere; and the defendant or defen- General Iffue. dams, in fuch adtion, may plead the General Iflue, and give this adt and the fpecial matter in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuance and by the authority of this adt; and if the fame (hall appear to have been fo done, or if any fuch adtion or fuit (hall not be brought within the time before limited, or lhall be brought in any other city, county, or place, than as aforefaid, then the jury (hall find for the defendant or defendants; or if the plaintiff or party (hall be-jcbme nonfuited, or fuffer a discontinuance of his, her, or their adtion or adtions, or if judgement lhall be given againd the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the faid defendants (hall have treble cods, and (hall have fuch remedy for recovering the fame as any de- Treble coft*. fendant or defendants hath or have for cofts in other cafes by law,

LXXI. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, pttblick adt. That this adt (hall be allowed in all courts whatsoever, as a public adt j and all judges, juflices, or other perfons, are hereby required to take notice thereof as fuch, without fpecial pleading.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An aft to amend and render more effeftual an aft made in the eighth year of the reign of King George the Second, for encouragement of the arts of defigning, engraving, and - * etching, historical and other prints \ and for vefling in, and fecuring to, Jane Hogarth widow, the property in certain prints.

WHEREAS m off of payment pafftd	PrMmS,e>re.

of the	reign of his late majefy King George the Seeond, in- cjt-mg	$

tituled,Ge®. a.

412

vcntion,

and a!fo fuch as (hall en-

Anno feptimo Georgii lit. c. 38#	[1766;

titulcdy An ad for the encouragement of the arts of defigning, engraving, and etching, hiftorical and other prints, by vetting the properties thereof in the inventors and engravers, during the time therein mentioned, has been found incjfcftual for the purpfes thereby intended; be it enabled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament The original affembled, and by the authority of the fame, That from and inventors, de- after the hrft day of Januaryy one thoufand feven hundred and figners,oren- fixty feven, all and every perfon and perfons who (hall invent SViftoficad* or defign, engrave, etch, or work in Mezzotinto or Chiaro Of* and other	curc^ or, from his own work, defigtl, or invention, (hall caufe

Joints, and	or procure to be defigned, engraved, etched, or worked in

uch who (hall Mezzotinto or Chiaro Ofcuroy any hittorical print or prints, or Sdonefrom any Pr*nt or Prmts any portrait, converfation, landfcape, or works, &c.ot architedure, map, chart, or plan, or any other print or prims their own in- whatfoever, fhall have, and are herebv declared to have, the benefit and protection of the faid aa and this ad, under the reftridions and limitations herein after-mentioned.

II.	And be it further ennded by the authority aforefaid. That crave &c any ^rom anc* a^ter t*lc ^ ^ay	Januarj»	One thoufand fcvett

print taken y hundred and fixty feven, all and every perfon and perfon9 who from any pic- fhall engrave, etch, or work in Mezzotinto or Chiaro Ofcuroy of ture, drawing, caufeto be engraved, etched, or worked,any print, taken from any feuhnure^ pidure, drawing, model, or fculpture, either ancient or modem, are imitled to fhall have, and are hereby declared to have, the benefit and pro-the benefit and tedion of the faid ad, and this ad, for the term herein after-protection of mentioned, in like manner, as if fuch print had been graved or * ^rawn from original defign of fuch graver, etcher, or draftf-andthofe who roan : and if any perfon fhall engrave, print, and publifh, or flnll engrave import for falc, any copy of any fuch print, contrary to the true or import for intent and meaning of this and the faid former ad, every fuch fnchC°mits Pcrf°n fhall be liable to the penalties contained in the faid aft, *re liable to t0 he recovered as therein and herein after is mentioned, penalties. III. Andu'hercas William Hogarth, late of the city of Weft-Thc foie right minftcr, painter and graver, did etch and engrave, and caufe to it of printing	etched and engraved, fevered prints frem his own invention and it*

ing the^ate	property	and foie right of vending all fuch prints, being ft*

W. Hogarth's cured to him the faid William Hogarth for the term of fourteti prints,	years from their firjl publication, by the fad former aft of pariia-

m nt; which faid property, by his lafl will, became vcfled in bis widow and executrix : And whereas fince the firjl publication of ft* veral of the faid prints, the term of fourteen years is expired, and fever al bafe copies of the fame have been face printed and publifbei, whereby the fale of the originals has been confiderably leffened, to the great detriment of the faid widow and executrix: And whereas fmi the publication of others of the faid prints, the term of fourtcenyeart is now mar expiring; be it enaded by the authority afore-.. .. faid, That Jane Hogarth, widow and executrix of the laid IViU widow and	liam Hogarthy fhall have the foie right and liberty of printing

executrix (or and reprinting all the faid prints, etchings, and engravings, of

tht

i^66.] Anno feprimo Georgii III. c. 38.	413

thedefign and invention of the fai& William Hogarth, for and the term of during the term of twenty years* to commence from the firft 20 yWSm day ot January, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty feven ; ana that all and every perfon and perfons who (hall at any time Penalty of hereafter, before the expiration of the (aid term of twenty years, copying, &c. engrave, etch, or work in Mezzotinto or Ckiaro Ofcuro, or other- £e?ore theTx wife copy, fell, or expofe to fale, or caufe or procure to be etch- pfr^ion of the cd, engraved, or worked in Mezzotinto or Chiaro Ofcuro, any of {kid term § the faid works of the faid William Hogarth, (hall be liable to the penalties and forfeitures contained in this and the faid former alt of parliament ; to be recovered in like manner as in and by this and the faid former alt are given, directed, and appointed.

IV.	Provided neverthelefs. That the proprietor or proprie*fuch tors of fuch of the copies of the faid William Hogarth's works, teremadeand which have been copied and printed, and expofed to fale, after expofed to the expiration of the term of fourteen years from the time of fale after the their firft publication by the faid William Hogarth, and before the tcrm °£ >4 laid firft day of January, (hall not be liable or fubjelt to any	the	faid

the penalties contained in this alt; anything herein before con- works were tained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding. firft licenfed,

V- And be it further enalted by the authority aforefaid. That * . all and every the penalties and penalty inflilted by the faidalt, ^ fued*^bras and extended, and meant to be extended, to the feveral cafes by the recited comprifed in this alt, (hall and may be fued for and recovered alt is dirc&-in like manner, and under the like reftriltions and limitations, j as in and by the faid alt is declared and appointed ; and the plaintiff or common informer, in every fuch s^ltion (in fuch plaintiff or common informer (hall recover any of the pe-	^

nalties incurred by this or the faid former alt) (hall recover the fame, together with his full cofts of fuit.

VI.	Provided alfo, That the party profecuting (hall com- provided the

mence his profecution within the fpace of fix calendar months profecutionbe after the offence committed.	ST

VII.	And be it further enalted by the authority aforefaid, months after

That the foie right and liberty of printing and reprinting in- the fait, tended to be fecured and protected by the faid former alt and The right in-this alt, (hall be extended, continued, and be verted in the tendcid to be refpeltive proprietors, for the fpace of twenty eight years, to rtChe /or-** .commence from the day of the firft publilhing of any of the mcr veft-works refpellively herein before and in the faid former alt ed in the pro-mentioned.	Pwrictors **

VIII.	And be it further enalted by the authority aforefaid,

That .if any altion or fuit (hall be commenced or brought a- the nrft pub-gainft any perfon or perfons whatfoever, for doing, or caufing lication. * to .be done, any thing in purfuance of this alt, the fame (hall Limitation of be brought within the fpace of fix calendar months after the anions, fait committed ; and the defendant or defendants in any fuch .•Ition or fuit (hall or may plead the general ifTue, and give the fpecial matter in evidence; and if, upon fuch altion or fuit, a General ilfiie# .Mrdilt (hall be given for the defendant or defendants, or if the

VoJmXXVII. -	Ee	plaintiff	*

414	Anno	feptimo GeoRGH III. ft. 3$.'	£i7<>6<

plaintiff or plaintiffs become nonfuited, or difcontinue his, her, or their action or adtions, then the defendant or defendants Full cofti. (hall have and recover full colts ; for the recovery whereof h£ {hall have the fame remedy as any other defendant or defen* dants, in any other cafe, hath or have by law;

CAP. XXXIX.

An aft for the better regulation of the parijh pobr children, of the feveral parijhes therein mentioned, within the billf of mortality.

Preamble* *TT7 HEREAS it would greatly tend to the prefetvotion of the V V lives of the infant parijh poor of the fever al parijhes kerf after mentioned* and be of public utility* if toe officers of fuch p&-rijhts were compelled by law to fend fucb infant poor into the country to be nurjed. for a certain time; and proper perfons appointed guardians in each parijh, to infpeft into the management and ufage of fuch infants: And whereas the keeping regijlers of fuch infant poor\ until they Jhall refpeftively arrive at the age of fourteen years, hi placed cut apprentice* or otherwife difpofed of, would be if further means of prejerving the lives of Juch infants: May it therefore pleafi your Majejly, that it may be enabled; and be it enadted by the King’s molt excellent majclty, by and with the advice and coo-fent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority of the lame) That all and every child and children who, on or before the .	firft day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty leven,

hi or received waa or werc horn *n»or rcce‘vec^ any workhoufe or parilh-int i, any houfe; or which (hall thereafter be bom in any workhoufe cr woi khoufe or parifh-houfe, or received by any feledt veftries, governors, di-panih lioufe, redtors, or managers, appointed for the management of patty veraln ariflles c^*a^ a^a*rs’ or hy any church-wardens, overfeerfc of the poor, here mention- or other officer or officers authorized by the feveral parifha cd,	following, or any of them, refpedtively; that is to fay. The

feventeen parilhes without the walls of London; the twenty three parilhes in Middlcfcx and Surrey* being within the bills of mor-ere to be timf-	the	liberty	of	the	tower	of	London •, and the ten pi-

ed, and taken rilhes within the city and liberty of JVefminJler 5 (hall be mined care of, as and taken care of in manner as hereafter mentioned, follows) viz. IJ. And be it further cnadted by the authority aforefaid. That Such of them all fuch children, under the age of fix years, who, upon the 6* ears of ae ^ ^aY	^all	he	un^er	l^e	care °f veftfies, gOVdV

diredtors, or managers, of the poor, or parilh officers, (hall, within fourteen days after the faid time, be fent into the country, to a difiance not lefs than three miles from any part of the cities of London and Wejlminjler; there to be nurfed and maintained at the charge of their refpedtive parilhes.

III.	And be it further enadted by the authority afbre&id. That ftickled'by the children who lhall, from and after the laid firft day of July* inother, not he horn in, or lhall be received into, workhoufes or parab* lefs than 5 houfes belonging to the faid parilhes, not being fuckled by tkt Jhiktott'i

the country, not lefs than •3 miles off,

thofe under

i?66,'] Anno feptimo GeorgU III. c. 39*	41^

mother, under the age of two years, (hall, within fourteen days

after their birth or reception, be fent into the country, to a di-

liance not lefs than five miles from any part of the faid cities

:>f London or Pfaftminfcr ; and all children received into fuch and thofe

workhoufes or pariih-houfes above riie age of two years, and above and

under the age of fix years, (hall, within fourteen days after their “j?

•eception, be fent into the country, to a diftance not lefs than fcfta§iiin j :hree miles from any part of the faid cities of London or Weft* miles off. ninjier; there to be nurfed and maintained in manner herein af-:er directed.

IV.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That Weekly rates

ror the nurfing and maintenance of each child fo put out as^drStiHin^ iforefaid, the rcfpective fums following (hall be paid; that is to and maintain, ay. For the firit fix years of their age, a fum not lefs than two ing, til! ap-hillings and fix pence 5 and from that time until fuch child prentic’d, oc hall be put out apprentice, or return to the workhoufe, a fum	ta

lot lefs than two (hillings per week j and (hall alfo, over and boufe/ ibove the faid charge of nurfing and maintaining each child. Conditional >ay to every nurfe who (hall have received any child of or un- reward to ler the age of nine months (the faid child being alive, and hav- n}*rfes for tig been treated properly, and to the (atisfadlion of the guar- €Ur car€t lians hereafter mentioned, or the major part of thetp9 aflem-

rfed at any meeting appointed by this a£t) after having been jndcr her care twelve months, a fum not lets than ten (hillings, is a reward for her pains and care taken in the nurfing of fucb :hild: And the governors, directors, managers, or overfeers of Cloatlungto ' he poor, of the refpe&ive parifltes from whence fuch children be furniihed* hall be fo fent to nurfe, (hall find good, proper, and fufHcient ^dental ex-doathing for each and every of them refpedtively ; and (hall pencesdefray-kfray the expences of conveyance, medicines, burials, and all ed, by the pa. >ther neceffary expences incurred on account of the faid chil-rift»

!ren ; and (hall keep, in a book or books to be provided for accounw^oT hat purpofe, feparate, regular, and exa<ft accounts of all ex- be kept there^ pences incurred in relation thereto.	of.

V.	And, in order the more effectually to guard againft all dangi-*ous confequences which may arije to the faid children from falfe par-imony, negligence, inadvertency, or the annual change of parijb offers, be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That five Five guard!, loblemen or gentlemen, inhabitants of each parifti, (hall, with- an* of the na-o fourteen days after' the faid firft day of July, be appointed ^ P001^^ ind chofen, under the title or denomination of Guardians of the

'wrijb poor children ; two or more of which faid guardians (hallC le chofen out of the feledt veftry, or out of the governors, di-■ediors, or managers of the poor of each parifti; and where there • no feledf veftry, governors, diredlors, or managers5 then the aid five guardians to be chofen and appointed out of the noble-sen and gentlemen inhabitants of each parifti ; and theeletfion, o be made upon Tuefday, or fome other day in Eajter week, by be inhabitants having right to affemble in veftry : And in cale here (hall be no noblemen or gentlemen, or not be a fufficient lumber of fuch noblemen or gentlemen who will accept of the jffice of guardians; then the faid guardians* or.fo many as (hall

£ c 2

4i 6	Aftno	fcptimo	Georgn III. t. 39.	^1766-?

be wanting to make up the number of five, (hall be chofen out Where any Gf tjie principal and molt refpetfable inhabitants : and if any of att.oHlnHrc- Parl*es f° chofen (hall refufe to a6t, or (hall afterwards refign fign, or die, a their guardianfhip, or (hall die; that then, and in either of the farther choice faid cafes, a further choice (hall be made in the fame manner as to be made, before mentioned, within fourteen days after fuch refufal, refig-nation, or death, of fo many as (hall be neceflary to complete the number.

Firft guardi- VI. And be it further enabled by the authority sforefaid. That nuVh^uflice	n°bl«nen,	gentlemen,	or	principal	inhabitants, who lhall,

till the year *n conference of this a£t, be firft chofen and appointed guar-1770}	diansof the parilh poor children, (hall continue and remain in

their refpc&ive offices till the day in Eajhr week, in the year one thoufand feven hundred and feventy, of the inhabitants future guar- meeting for the choice of guardians as aforefaid ; and that the dians to re- guardians then chofen, or at any time thereafter to be chofen, in^dice^” remam *n their refpe&ive offices for the term of three years CC* then next enfuing : and that all appointments of guardians in future, (hall be once in three years only; except in cafes of death, resignation, or refufal as aforefaid.

^l^and^rer" VII. Provided always. That no churchwarden, or overfeer feers (liiqua- of the poor, (nail be ele&cd into the faid office of a guardian, lifted from be- VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, ing elected That the faid guardians, or any one of them, (hall have free fbwer^nd admittance to vifit and fee the faid parifh poor children, and in-dbty of guar- form themfelves fully concerning their ftate and condition •, and dians.	the faid guardians fhall alfo have full liberty to examine, and have

free accefs to, all rtgifters, books, and accounts, relating to the faid children : and in cafe of any neglect or improper conduct, whereby the life or health of a child may appear to the laid guardhns, or to any one of them, to be in danger, to report the fame to the felect veltry, governors, directors, or managers, Svih com- or to the churchwardens or overfeers of the poor : and if the

fttrts sfaid veft.ry’

governors, directors, or managers, churchwardens, be remedied. or overfeers, or fomc or one of them, do not take the moft efficacious mealures to remedy the evil complained of; that thea it (hall be lawful to and for the faid guardians, or any one of them, to inform one or more of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace, and give evidence of the fadts ; and the faid juftice or juftices of the peace is and arc hereby impowered to give fuch orders and directions therein, as he or they lhall think mod proper.

IX.	And he it further enabled. That the faid guardians (hall be fummoned, by the vcftrv clerk, at lead once in fix weeks, to meet at the veftry-room, or, where there is no veftry-room, in other convenient place; and two of the faid guardians (hall make a quorum, cither of them having the liberty of calling in one of the churchwardens or ovcrleers ; and when only one of the faid guardians is prefent, he (hall have the liberty of calling in two of the churchwardens or overfeers, who (hall attend him accordingly ; and when any number of the faid five guardians (hall meet) they dull have the liberty of calling in two of

A meeting of the guardians to be linii-moned every 6 weeks : Two make a quorum, rower given them fingly, or jointly, to call in the churchwarden* or ©verier* •

1766.] Anno feptimo Geokgii III. c. 39.	41^

the churchwardens or overfeers, as the majority of them (hall think proper.

X.	And whereas in many parijhes the faid felett veftries, govern non, directors, or managers, churchwardens, or overfeers of the poor, may find it inconvenient and difficult, through want of regular cor-refpondence with proper perfons in the country, to Jupply them with nurfes, and alfo to tale the charge of itifpefting nurferies in fuch a manner as /hall prove effectual to the prejervation of the lives of the faid children ; be it therefore ena&ed by the authority aforefaid,

That the faid feleft veftries, governors, dire&ors, or managers, Liberty grant-churchwardens, or overfeers of the poor, (hall be at liberty to ed, of fending fend their faid parifh poor children, or any of them, being un- Poor der the age of fix years as aforefaid, to the hofpital for the main- 5cr c^earsof tenance and education of expofed and deferted young children; age, to the and it (hall and may be lawful to and for the governors and Foundling guardians of the faid hofpital, for the time being, to receive Hofpital, fuch children; and the faid feledt veftries, governors, directors, upon fucj, managers, churchwardens, or overfeers of the poor, are hereby terms as fhall empowered to agree with the faid governors and guardians for be agreed on* that purpofe, upon fuch terms, and in fuch manner, as (hall be adequate to the fupport and maintenance of each child.

XI And be it enadted by the authority aforefaid, That the The char e terms fo agreed upon, and the fums agreed to be paid for the tobedarfyed admiflion, maintenance, and education, of fuch parifh poor chil- out of the idren as (hall be fent to the faid hofpital, (hall be paid by the P°or rates j .overfeer or overfeers of the poor for the time being, out of the poors rate of each pari(h refpedively : and in cafe any fum or aBd if notdtu fums of money agreed between the faid feled veftries, gover- ly paid, jiors, directors, or managers, churchwardens, or overfeers, and the governors and guardians of the faid hofpital, or any five of them in committee, (hall not be paid, by fuch overfeer or overfeers, to the perfon or perfons who (hall be authoiized by the laid governors and guardians to receive the fame ; it (hall and may be lawful to and for any one or more of his Majcfty's juf- any juftice tices of the peace for the counties of Midd'efix or Surrey, the city ,nay fuminoit and liberty of Wcftminfler, or liberties of the Tower Hamlets, re- thc ovcrlcer3» fpedively, to fummon the overfeer or overfeers who fhall refufe or neglcd to make fucb payment, and to order immediate pay- and order im-ment to be made of fo much as fhall appear to fuch juftice or mediate pay-juftices to be due, together with fuch cofU and charges as may	lhp

have been incurred by the faid governors and guardians in con- CurredV fequencc of fuch refufal or neglect: and if the overfeer or overfeers (hall refufe or negledt to obey the order of fuch juftice or f3i Vna juftices, the fum directed to be paid thereby (hall be recovered the fame by by diftrefs and (ale of the goods and chatties of fuch overfeer diltreis and or overfeers, together with the cofts attending fuch diftrefs and faltf* fale* rendering the overplus (if any) to the owner.

_ XII. And he it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, The death, -That at the time of the death, difeharge, or apprenticeship, of any dhchaige, oc .fuch parifh poor child, a certificate thereof lhall be ftnt, by the ^[ip^ot any -^sqretary of (he (aid governors and guardians, to the veftry clerk, child, to be

Eeg	*“	or	certified to xk%

i

4»*

veftry clerk of the parilh.

Hofpital account to he kept with each pariihdiltintt.

Parilh children, and foundlings, to be apprentic'd for not more than 7 years, or till si ytais of age.

Apprentice

fee not to be lei's than 4I. s s. and to be paid at two payments.

Aft £ Geo. 3.

Particular re-gifters to he provided by each parilh, according as they c.>me within tiic following description.

Anno fcptimo Georgii III. C. 39.'	^176$.

er overfeers of the poor, of fuch parilh to which the laid child

did belong.

XIII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That the hofpital account lhall be kept with each parilh di It in ft, in a proper book or books, with marginal columns, according to the fchedule annexed, marked (A) ; and that fuch book or books, or true copies thereof, lhall be figned by the Secretary of the hofpital.

XIV.	And whereas it often dijlurbs the peace of domcjlic H/ef checks marriage^ and dife our ages tnduflry, to place out parijh boys to the age of twenty four years ; therefore, in order to remedy the fame, be it enabled by the authority aforefaid, That it lhall and may be lawful to place or bind out boys as well as girls apprentices, by the refpedive parifli officers for the time being, and alfo by the governors and guardians of the ho ’pkal for the maintenance and education of expofed and deferfed young children, for the term of feven years, or til! they lhall attain their refpcctive ages of twenty one years, and no longer.

XV.	And whereas the fvms of twenty /hillings to forty /billings yoiv uj tidily given with a c/tt.’d pi iced out by t’e pari/hare by no means adequate to the procuring fuch majlers ani nr. hn/fis as are in general fit and proper: c.ii whereas theft is a general negucs in tin moral and religious inflruttion of apprentices; and fme ptcuni.ry encouragement may excite majhrs and mi/lnjlcs to dijeharge their July, in this refpetty tezvard; young pet fens who are thus intruded in liar care ; be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the faid iiril day of July* one thoufcnd feven hundred and fixty feven, no fuch parilh child lhall be bound out an apprentice with a fum iefs than four pounds two (hillings as an apprentice fee ; forty Ihillings whereof to be pa!d to the mafler or miftrefs within feven weeks after executing the indentures, and the remaining forty two Ihillings to be paid after fqch apprentice lhall have ierved three years of his or her ap-prenticelhip.

XVI.	And whereas the ett of the ficond of his prefent A/defrf intituled, 44 An aft for the keeping regular, uniform, and an-44 nual regiflers, of all parilh poor infants under a certain age 44 within thebiiiS of mortality’’ requires no account of the children after the age of four years; be it therefore further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That the refpeftive veftries, governors, directors, managers, overfeers of the poor, or other officer of officers, of the feveral and refpeftive parilhes herein before mentioned, or fomc or one of them, fhall, and they are hereby directed and required, on or before the faid firft day of July, to

* provide, or caufc to be provided, at the expencc of their re-fpc<cti\ e parifhes wherein there is or lhall be a work-houfe, hofpital, or other home or place provided for the maintenance of the poor, a book of royal paper, which lhall be ruled with di~ flinft columns, and the title of each column (hall be wrote or printed in Inch page agreeable to the fchedule hereunto annex* cd, marked (B) s and the book belonging to each irfpcfttre

1766.] Anno feptimo Georgii IH. g. 39;	419

pafith, wherein there is not nor (hall be any fuch workhoufe, hofpitd-houfe,or place, (hall in every page be ruled with diftinfl: columns, and the title of each coluipn (hall be wrote or printed in fuch page agreeable to the fchedule hereunto annexed, mark* fd (C) ; any thing in the faid a£t of the fecond year of his present Majefty’s reign, or any other or adts of parliament, to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding.

XVII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, Entry to be That there (hall be mentioned, at the fpot of each regifter, the made at the grofs number of the children, remaining in the hands of mo- eac^ fhers who have been relieved by the refpe&iye parirties during rt?gl er* the courfe of the year, not entered in the regifter; and the

the number of fuch who are known to be remaining alive.

XVIII.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid,

That the abftradt of the regifter of the faid infant poor (hall be * according to the fchedule hereunto annexed, marked (D). intant poor.

XIX.	And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid. Manner of That the names of all the parifti poor children who (hall be conduamg alive, under the care of any governors, directors, managers, *he,r re6'-churchwardens, or overfeers of the poor, on the firft day of ttcrs*

^uly next enfuing, (hall be entered in the faid regifters, and mail

be continued on, and transferred from year to year, in the faid regifter, ’till their death, or difeharge to parents or friends, or -’till they arc refpe&ively placed out apprentice; and that the day of placing them out, and the time of their fervitude, (hall* be entered in the faid regifters as above mentioned.

XX.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. Annua! lift That a full lift of all apprentices placed out by the refpedtive pariihes (hall be made out by the veftry clerks, or other proper parif^ofthe officer, and delivered, in the month of February in every year, children ap-to the company of parifti clerks ; the fame to he written on prented.and royal paper according to the fchedule annexed, marked (E) to

be bound up and depofited by the company of parifti clerks; and the faid company (hall make out an abftraft thereof, diftin- clerks, guiftiing the number placed out from each parifti, and how Abftraft ■ many of them were born in the work-houfe or parifh-houfe ; \^nteJ and (hall caufe the fame to be printed ; and (hall fend fix fair cleliuered to copies of the faid abftra&to each parifti refpc£iive!y.	each paiifli.

XXI.	And be it further ena^ed by the authority aforefaid, Regiilers and That the firft annual regifter of the faid Infant poor, and alfo lifts to com-the firft annual lifts of apprentices, hereby intended and di- mcncc and re&ed tq be kept, (hall commence on the faid firft day of Ju!yy ^ a certadn^ and fliall eqd on the thirty firft day of December enfuing ; and,

after that time, the faid annual regifter and lifts (hail commence the firft day of January, and end the thirty firft day of December following.

XXII.	And he it further enadlcd by the authority aforefaid. General ex-That all expences incident to and attending the nurung, maiiir pc.nccs tenance, education, placing out apprentice, or otherwile relating ?j^tcVVor

to the matters herein contained, the manner whereof is not be paiuoir cf herein particularly ordered and directed, (hall be paid out of ti»e‘pooia

E e 4	tb?rates*

42p	Anno	fepdmo	GeoRGII	Ilf.	c.	39.'	£1766*

* Penalty on pari (h officers, and-bt hers, ncgk&ing their duty.

Publick aft.

the monies arifing from the poors rates of the itfpe6Hve parifhes

wherein fuch expences (hall be incurred.

XXIII And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaidf That if any churchwarden, overfeer of the poor, veftryman, clerk of the veftry, mafter of the work-houfe, mafter or warden of fuch company of parifh clerks, or any clerk of fuch company, or any other perfon or perfons, (hall negledt his duty as directed in and by this adt; fuch churchwarden, overfeer of the poor, clerk of the veftry, or mafter of the work-houfe, mafter or warden of fuch company of parifh clerks, or fuch clerk of fuch company, perfon or perfons, (hall, for every offence, forfeit and pay to the informer the fum of five pounds ; to be recovered before any two or more of his Majefty’s juftices of the peace, and to be levied by diftrefs and fale of the goods and chatties of the offender, by virtue of a warrant under the hands and feals of the juftices before whom the fame (hall be recovered, diredted to any conftable or other peace officer; and it there lhall be any overplus of the faid forfeiture, the fame (hall be returned to the owner, after the charges of fuch diftrefs and fale (hall be dedudted.

XXIV. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That this adt (hall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be, a public adt; and be judicially taken notice of as fuch, by all judges, juftices, and other perfons whatsoever, without fpeci-ally pleading the fame.

SCHEDULE A*

1

c r u R n u L E A.

Expofed and Deferted young Children, with the Pa-: of the Seventli of His Majefty King George the Third)



Z Schedule b.

|

.e Parish t’ooR Children, until thiy are Apprenticed dut of from the

to the 31ft Day of December	of	the	Parifh	of	,	1	(where there is

aoufe) according to the A&s of Parliament of the Second arid feventh of His Majefty King

u i



’ !

---.^Ju1

i # I .

HsirrOl

4*0

Register of the Apprentices placed oat by the Parifti of	from the	<$F

to the 31ft. Day of December	according	to	the	A£ls	of	Parliament	of	the	Second

and Seventh of His Majefty King George the Third,

Name of the Apprentice.	When born or received,  If born in the Workhoufc or Parilh-houfe, B.	Age when received, in the Years Months, and Days.		c  Whenpla -ed out Apprentice.	Name of the Perfonto whom placed out.	What Trade or BuAnefs.	Where living, Street, Sign, or other DiflinOion.	Age when placed out, in Years, and Months.		For what Time placed out.	Apprentice Fee paid down*	When the additional. Fee is paid down.
		Y M.  |  ■	D.					Y.	M.		-	

Z I JK 1-S,



preamble.

five or more trailers for tlirnpike

weighing cn-

Anno feptimo Georgii III. c. 4a.’	[1765.

CAP. XL.

An aft to explain, amend, and reduce into one aft of parliament, the general laws now in being for regulating the turnpike roads of this kingdom ; and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

WH E R E A S the laws for the general regulation of the turnpike reads of this kingdom ore very numerous, and in fome refpetis ineffectual: and whereas the good purpofes thereby intended might be better effected, if the faid laws were iniirely repealed, and one law made for tarrying fuch purpofes into execution : wherefore, for remedy thereof be it enadled by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiri-tual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for all commifiioners and truftecs appointed,' or who (hall hereafter be appointed, by any a& or ads of Venenia* eet Par^amcnt f°r repair of any turnpike road within that part Fngrimpower- °f Great Britain called EnglandL or any five or more of them, ed6to ereft at a general meeting, if they (nail think proper, at any or as many gate or gates, bar or bars, as they have erected or (hall ere# for the receiving of any toll or tolls, or upon any yy: of the road within their refpedive jurifdidionss and at fucii a distance from any turnpike-bar or toll-gate as they refpedively fhall think reauifite and expedient, to order and caufe to be built or eredeaany crane, machine, or engine, which they fhall judge proper for the weighing of carts, waggons, or other carriages, for the conveying of any goods or merchandize whatever ; and by writing figned by them, or any five or more of them, to order all and every or any fuch carriage or carriages, weighing car- which (hall pafs through any fuch gate or bar, to be weighed, anf uking * togcther with the loading thereof; and for them, or any five aos.addidonal or more of them, or for any perfon or perfons impowered by tolls for all any five or more of them, to receive and take, over and above ” hT^Wi/°a? **IC t0^ already grantcd or hereafter to be granted, the fum of w ce.ei car- twenty Quillings for every hundred weight, which every waggon or four wheeled carriage (not having the foie or bottom of the fellies of the wheels of the breadth of nine inches) together with the loading thereof, (hall weigh over and above the weight of Sixty hundred ; and the like fum of twenty (hillings for every hundred weight which every waggon or four wheeled carriage, having the foie or bottom of the fellies of the wheels of the breadth or gage of nine inches together with the loading riages weigh- thereof, (hall weigh over and above the weight of fix tons ; and tons*- °'C	fum of twenty (hillings for every hundred weight which

and for all every cart or two wheeled carriage, having the foie or bottom carts, or two of tnc fellies of the wheels of the breadth or gage of nine wheeled car- inches, together with the loading thereof, (hall weigh over and broad*wheels above the weight of three tops; which faid additional toll or weighing a- * duty, hereby granted and made payable, (hall and may be Je-bove 3 tons 3 vied and recovered upon any perfon liable thereto in any of the

cafe*

end tQ make order for

pages weigh ing above Coe, weight

and for all

broad four wheeled car-

<756.] Anno Teptimo Georgii III. C. 40;	425

cafes aforefaid, or his or her goods or chatties, who (hall, after to be levied a* (demand made thereof* refufe or negledt to pay the fame, in the other toll*, fuch manner as any other toll or duty,. payable at the fame turnpike-gate or bar, is or (hall be by law to be levied and recovered 5 and the money anting from fuch additional duty, and tppBpdin (hall be applied to the repair of the turnpike road where the rcP*ir fame (hall be colle&ed.	"	road"

II.	Provided always, That the regulations herein before The above IB-mentioned ihall not extend, or be deemed or conftrued to ex- gulationt no* tend, to any waggons or wains having the axletrees thereof of to cxtcnd fuch different lengths, that the diftancc from wheel to wheel of comfng with-the narrower pair of the faid wheels be not more than four feet jnthe deferip-two inches, to be meafured at the ground ; and that the dif- tionberemeii-lance from wheel to wheel of the other pair thereof be fuch, tioned* that the fore and hind wheels of fuch waggons and wains (hall

roll only one Angle furface or path of fixteen inches wide at the lead, on each fide of the faid waggons or wains, and having the fellies thereof of the breadth of nine inches from fide to fide at the bottom or foie thereof; but that the fame (hall pafs upon Paitfcql^rfuv' any turnpike road, and through any toll gate or bar within vileges graqt-bne hundred miles from London, upon paying only fo much of t0 ^ucil the tolls and duties as (hall not exceed one half of the full toll wa*gon*? or duty payable, or by this a£t intended to be paid, for all waggons or wains having the fellies of the wheels of the breadth or gage of nine inches from fide to fide, or for the horfes or beads of draught drawing the fame, and not rolling a furface of fixteen inches, in the manner herein before fet forth.

III.	Provided alfo, That the regulations herein before men- The Add re-

tioned concerning the wheels of carriages, and their loading, filiation* not ■ Ihall not extend or be deemed or conftrued to extend to any carrUC!w uncarts, waggons, or other carriages, employed only in hufban- pioyafonly ih clry, or carrying only manure for land, hay, draw, fodder, or husbandry, ' Corn unthrefhed.	&c.

IV.	And for the better difcovmng and deleting the offenders a- Truftees im. gainjl this aft, it is hereby further enadted. That it (hall and powered to ot-tnay be lawful to and for all the trudees appointed or to be ap- derthe fellies pointed by any adl or a<ds of parliament, made or to be made

for the repairing or amending any turnpike road within the begged, kingdom, or any two or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and required, by writing under their hands, to order the fellies of ail waggons, wains, carts, or other carriages, which are or ought to be of the breadth or gage herein before directed and preferibed, to be meafured and gaged at any weighing engine, or at any turnpike or toll-gate, ereSed or to be erefied upon any part of the turnpike road in or upon which fuch waggon, wain, cart, or carriage refpedtivcly, (h^ll travel, pafs, or be drawn.

V* And be it cna&ed. That it (hall not be lawful for theNocompofi-truftees of any turnpike road to make compofition for tolls for tion for toll* or in refpeft of any waggon, wain, cart, or carriage, or horfes to be made ii^ ' or beads of draught drawing the fame, unlefs fuch waggons, rerpeftof nar.

wains, CMri^.

+24	Anno	feptimo	Georgii	III.	C.	40.-	[1766#

wains, carts, and carriages, have the fellies of the wheels thereof of the breadth or gage of nine inches; any law to the contrary thereof notwithftanding. s1. penalty on VI. And be it further enadted. That if any perfon or per font /fraudulently /hall unload, or caufe to be unloaden, any goods, wares, or Uuods before mcrchandizes, from anY cart, waggon, or other carriage (except comingtoany carriages as are herein before excepted) at or before the gate or fame (hall come to any turnpike gate or weighing engine erecl-weigbingen- ed, or to be eredled, by virtue or in purfuance of this or any . other adl made, or to be made, for the repair or prefervation of goodsTuer" any turnpike road within this kingdom; or (hall load or lay having paiTed upon fucli carriage (except as aforefaid) after the lame (hall have jOieiame j parted any fuch turnpike gate or weighing engine, any goods, wares, or merchandizes, taken or unloaden from any hone, cart, or other carriage, belonging to, or hired or borrowed bv, the fame waggoner or carrier, in order to avoid the payment of the faid refpedtive duties of twenty (hillings per hundred; each and every perfon fo offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted before the truftees of fuch tolls or duties, or any three or more of them, or one or more juftice or juftices of the peace for the county, riding, divilion, or place, where the offence (hail be committed, upon the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witnefles, (hall forfeit and pay the fum of five pounds, to be levied upon the goods and chatties of the owners of fuch cart, and the driver waggon, or other carriage ; and each and every driver of fuch to be commit- waggon or carriage fo offending, and being thereof convi&ed as niont°i*0nC aforefaid, (hall be committed to the houfc of corre<5tion fpr the Colleton	fpaceof one month : and in cafe any collector or receiver of the

neglecting	toils or duties at any gate or turnpike where, or near to which,

their duty are any crane, machine, or engine, for weighing of carriages Ihcil i..li	^ kuj]t an(j erc<5^ec|9 (hall permit or fuffer any cart, waggon, or

carriage, as aforefaid, being laden, to pais or repafs through any fuch gate or turnpike without weighing the fame, and being thereof convicted in manner aforefaid ; fuch collector or receiver, fo offending, (hall be immediately liilchargcd, and rendered incapable of holding any office under the faid truftees, or or forfeit 5I. (hall forfeit the fum of rive pounds, at the option of fucli truftees.

R*~u!aiinns VII. And be it further enacted. That no waggon, wain, or to bo i/i.krvtd cart, (hall pals along any turnpike road, being above twenty in t!i? con- miles from the cities of Loudon or Itv//:;;:having the fellies of the wheels thereof of the br eadth or gage of nine inches at the bottom, unkfs the fame (hall be made and conftruclcd in fuch manner, that no pair of fuch wheels (except fuch as (hall roll a fur face of iixteen inches) (hall b.* w ider than four fee: is inches from inlido to infuie, to be nicafurej on the ground; and that the uiitence from the centre of the fore wheel to the centre of the hind wheel of any fuch waggon, or four wheel carriage (not being uled for the carriage of timber only) be not above nine feet, to be meafured from the centre of the axle-trees the epeb thereof; on pam of the owner or owners of every

fuel*

liable to be dilclnrged,

Hi u. ii«>n f»r the wheels of waggons, See. h avei'ing on turnpike roads above *0 miles from London,

1^66.1 Anno feptinio Geor6'ii III. C. 40."	4%$

fuch waggon, wain, or cart, forfeiting the fum of five pounds on forfeiture for every fuch offence: and the furveyor or furveyors, gate-^ keeper or gate-keepers, of any turnpike road, is and are hereby officer* reauthorized and required, at any turnpike or toll gate, or at any quired to other place upon the turnpike road, to meafure every fuch wag- meafure fuch gon, wain, or cart; and if any matter or driver of any waggon, wain, or cart, (hall hinder, or refufe to permit, fuch lurveyor or ^h^falty on furveyors, gate-keeper or gate-keepers, to meafure fuch waggon, obftra&ing wain, or cart, as aforefaid, he or (he (hall forfeit the fum of five them, &c. pounds; and it (hall not be lawful for any fuch waggon, wain, or cart, not permitted to be meafured as aforefaid, to pafs along any turnpike road.

VIII.	And be it further enaetted, That no waggon, wain, or No broad other four wheeled carriage, having the foie or bottom of the wheeled feliies of the wheels of the breadth or gage of nine inches, (hall ^rawnVhb pafs.or be drawn on any turnpike road with more than eight more than ft horfes j nor any cart, or other two wheeled carriage, having horfes; wheels of the breadth aforefaid, (hall pafs or be drawn upon any nor *w° turnpike road with more than five horfes 5 the horfes in fuch re-(pective carriages to be drawn in pairs, except where there is an J^^than 5 j odd horie, and except where the number of horfes (hall not ex- and in pain, ceed four: and alfo, that no waggon, wain, or other four Narrow fout wheeled carriage, having the fellies of the wheels of lefs breadth wheeled car-than nine inches, (hall pafs or be drawn on any turnpike road not *0^ with more than four horfes; or fix oxen or neat cattle in pairs, m0rethan” and two horfes; or eight oxen or neat cattle in pairs, and one four horfes, horfe: and that no cart or other two wheeled carriage, having &c. the fellies of the wheels of lefs breadth than nine inches, (hall “heeled car pafs or be drawn on any turnpike road with more than three riages^wST* horfes ; or fix oxen or neat cattle in pairs, and one horfe ; or more than 31 four oxen or neat cattle in pairs, and two horfes; on pain of the on forfeiture owner of fuch waggon, wain, cart, or carriage, forfeiting the fum of twenty (hillings, and alfo every horfe or other bead of draught meraryhorfes^ above the numbers herein before refpeftively preferibed and limited, to any perfon or perfons who (hall feize or fue for the fame ; except as herein after mentioned.

JX. And be it further cnadled, That if any perfon or perfons 5I. penalty on fhall take off*, or caufe to be taken off, any horfe or horfes, or fraudulently other bead of draught, from any waggon or other carriage, or (hall alter, or caufe the diftance of the wheels thereof to be altered, tcrjng the di£ at or before the fame (hall come to any of the faid gates or turn- tance of the pikes, with intent to avoid any toll, forfeiture, or penalty, for wheels, be-drawing with a greater number of horfes or beafts of draught, ^rCCate”^0 or in any other manner than hereby allowed; each and every an^ ®a c* perfon fo offending, and being convicted thereof before the faid truftees, or any three or more of them, or one or more juftice or juftices of the peace for the county, riding, divifion, or place, where the offence (hall be committed, upon the oath of one or snore credible witnefs or witneffes, (hall forfeit and pay the fum of five pounds.

X. And

4-2 S

Driver travel-ling with more horfes the lame clay than he (hall have palled through any ate withy

Anno feptimo GeoRGH III. c. 40.	[1766.

X.	And be it further cnadled and declared. That every per-fon who lhall drive any waggon or other carriage upon any turnpike road, with more horfes or hearts of draught than fuch waggon or other carriage lhall, on the fame day, have parted with through any turnpike bar or gate, lhail be deemed and adjudged to have taken oft' the faid horfes or bcalls of draught with intent

SeemTdguilty t0 ■'oi‘- »'a) !»JT 'ord n J ^	. _.	_ _

of a fraud. XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That if it (nail

appi ar to the truftees of any turnpike road within this kingdom,

Where it lhall or any nine of them, at any of their public meetings, that it is

be judged ne- inji-iadticabie for any waggon or other four wheeled carriage,

truftees may	l*ic	weights	to	the	fame	refpeeftively allowed as aforefaid,

■■	to be drawn up any hill or hills, l)ing in or upon f:ch turnpike

allow wag-

fons with road wheels to be drawn Up hills by xo horfes; and narrow wheeled carriages by 6 $

road, by the number of hor^’r

1...

iere'n nj'

respectively a owed,

without manifeft inc:-.u emence and hazard ■> :r\ ftich cafe it thill and may be law::o and for the faid truftees, or anv nine of them, to a!!c.. ;uch number of horfes as they lhall judge nccef-fary, not s.\ceeding ten tor fuch nine inch wheels, and not ex-ce- Jux for fuch w heels of lefs breadth than nine inches, to be uh . in fuch waggon or four wheeled carriage for the purpofe oiiiy of drawing the fame up fuch hill or hills as aforefaid ; the the length length and extent of fuch hill or hills to be fpecificd in fuch a"d e.xrento* order of allowance, and the termination at each end thereof to tefpecitied in ^ niar*cc^ by a port or ltone to be eredled at fuch refpe&ive the order of boundaries; and the laid order of allowance (hall be certified, allowance, bv the faid truftees or their clerk, to the next general quarter and certified fcrtions of the peace of the county, riding, divifion, city, corpo-c^arteMef- ratlon> precinct, or liberty, within which fuch hill or hills lhall lions. 1	"	refpeclivc ly be fituated; and if the facts, upon which the fame

Order, if by is founded, lhall, at the faid quarter feflions, be proved upon the them approv- oath of two credible witnertes, to the fatistation of the juftices confirmed0 °C on bench, or the major part of them, the faid order of allow-and filed/ ance fhall he confirmed, and filed among the records of the lef-fions by the clerk of the peace, or otherwise lhall be vacated and otherwifeto qualhcd; and from and after fuch confirmation and filing, no be vacated, perfon lhall be liable to any penalty or forfeiture for uling fuch number of horfes, as lhall be lo allowed, in drawing any waggon or other four wheeled carriage up fuch hill or hills rcfpcc* tively.

Particular ex- XII. Provided alfo, and be it further enaifted. That if it lhall emption with appear upon the oaths of credible witnertes, to the fatisfadlionof refpett to car- any jufticc or juftices of the peace, commirtioners or truftees, or riaeesdrawing Qf any court ot jufticc authorized to enforce the execution of this traordlnaiy	*hat	any waggon, carr, or carriage, could not, by reafon of

number ot deep fnow or ice, be drawn with the refpcctive weights, and by horfes thro’ the number of horfes or hearts cf draught, hereby relpedtively al-deep fnow, or jowed; then, and in every fuch cafe, it lhall and may be lawful for fuch juftice or juftices of peace, commiflioners, truftees, or court refpedtively, and they are hereby refpc&ively required, to flop all proceedings before them refpeeftively for the recovery of any penalty or forfeiture which may have been incurred by dra w-

I

1

r

r

t

1766.] Anno feptimo Georgii III. C. 40.	427

i ng a greater number of horfes or beads of draught than arc hereby allowed j any thing herein contained to the contrary not-withftanding.

XIII.	And whereas great damage is done t§ turnpike roads by Narrow ivaggons and four wheeled carriages, with narrow wheels, drawn by wheeled wasp-horfes in pairs; for remedy thereof, be it enaded, That it (hall

not be lawful for any waggon or four wheeled carriage, having horfes ia the foie or bottom of the fellies of the wheels thereof of left pairs, breadth or gage than nine inches, to pafs upon any turnpike toad, or through any turnpike gate or bar, if the fame be drawn by horfes in pairs (other than and except waggons and four wheeled carriages loaden with fi(h, rabbits, poultry, calves alive .or flaughtered, or lambs only.)

XIV.	Provided always, and be it further enaded, That no No waggo^ Waggon, cart, or other carriage, travelling upon any of the faid to be turnpike roads, (hall be driven or turned out of the fame into t^ed out^of any of the roads adjacent, not being turnpike roads, in order to arurnpike avoid, and thereby avoiding, paying the tolls and duties by this road, to avoid or any other ad or ads made, or to be made, payable at any gate the tolls,

or turnpike ereded, or to be ereded, for the colleding and receiving the fame ; upon pain of forfeiting and lofing any one on forfeiture of the horfes drawing the fame, not being the thill or (haft	°* ***•

horfe, with all his gears and accoutrements, to the foie ufe and horftl# benefit of any perfon or perfons who dial! feize and diftrain the fame.

XV\ And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Colleftor, &c. That if any toll-gatherer or gate-keej>er (hall permit or fuffer being privy to any waggon, wain, cart, or other carriage, to be drawn or pals any the upon any turnpike road within the view, or with the know- J^ces and ledge, of fuch gate-keeper or toll-gatherer, or to pafs through not duly pro* any toll gate or bar, with any greater number of horfes, oxen, fecuting for or neat cattle, or with any carriage conftruded or drawn in any penalty# other manner than is before direded, and (hall not, within the fpace of one week, proceed for the recovery of the forfeiture or fbrfeits'40* penalty hereby inflided for every fuch offence, in the manner direded or authorized by this ad; he (hall forfeit and pay, for every fuch negled, the fum of forty (hillings.

XVI. And be it further enaded. That in cafe any perfon or Driver of any perfons (hall, upon any turnpike road, drive, or ad as the driver waggon with or drivers of, any waggon, cart, wain, or carriage, having wheels wheels not of a conftrudion not authorized by this ad, or drawn by more than the number of horfes, oxen, or neat cattle, hereby refpec- drawn by* tively appointed j that then, and in every fuch cafe, it (hall and more horfes may be lawful to and for any conftable, tythingman, furveyor, than autho-or any other perfon, to apprehend and take, or caufe to be ap- nzcd* prehended and taken, fuch perfon or perfons fo driving, or ad- JJ^ded by^ ing as driver or drivers, as aforefaid, before one or more juftice any perfon, or juftices of the peace for the county, riding, divilion, or place, and taken bc-where the faid offence (hall be committed j and upon convidion a iulUecg thereof, either by confeffion of the party, or by the oath of onc4lftirafodilti more credible witneft or witoeffes, before iuch juftice orjuf- sj.

428

Drag irons to be nat at the foie, and of the breadth of the fellies,

on forfeiture of 40 s.

Owner's real name and place of a-oode to be painted on the moftconfpicu-ous part of each waggon and cart i

sdfo the words Common Stage Waggon or Cart, as the cafe may be s

Travelling with a fictitious name thereon, forfeits 5I.

and without the words required, 40 s.

On fuch roads where extraordinary tolls have been granted, dcfigncdly to

Anno feptimo Georgii III. c. 40.	[1766;

ticcs of the peace, every fuch perfon or perfons fo offending (hall refpecttvely forfeit and pay, for every fuch offence, the fum of five pounds.

XVII.	Provided always, and be it further enaCted, That where any drag iron, or other inftrument, (hall be affixed under the foie of the wheel or wheels of any waggon or other carriage, to make the paflage of fuch waggon or carriage more cafy and fecure down fteep hills; every fuch drag iron, or other inftru-ment, lhall be fiat at the bottom or foie thereof, and (hall not be of lefs breadth than the fellies of the wheels under which the fame lhall be fo affixed, on pain of the owner of every fuch wag-eon or other carriage forfeiting the fum of forty (hillings for every luch offence.

XVIII.	And be it further enabled. That every owner or owners of any waggon, wain, cart, or carriage, (hall paint, or caul'c to be painted, in large and legible chara&ers, upon the tilts of every fuch waggon, wain, cart, or carriage, which has a tilt, and upon the molt confpicuous part of fuch waggon, wain, cart, or carriage, which has not a tilt, before he, (he, or they, (hall ufe or drive the fame upon any turnpike road, his, her, or their chrirtian and furname or names, and the place of his, her, or their abode ; and every owner or owners of every common ftage waggon or cart lhall, over and above his, her, or their chri-ftian and furname or names, paint, or caufc to be painted, on the part, and in manner, as aforefaid, the following words, C OM-MON STAGE WAGGON, or CART, as the cafe may be: and if any owner or owners of any fuch waggon, wain, cart, or carriage, lhall travel with, or ufc, by him felt, hcrfelf, or theirfelves, fervant or fervants, any fuch waggon, wain, cart,or carriage, without having his, her," or their chriftian name, and furname or names, and place of abode, fo painted thereon ; or if any perfon or perfons lhall paint, or caufe to be painted, any falfc or fictitious name on fuch waggon, wain, cart, or carriage; he, (he, or they, lhall forfeit the lum of five pounds : ancf if any owner or owners of any common llage waggon or cart (hall travel with, or ufe, the fame, by himfclf, hcrfcFf, or theirfelves, fervant or fervants, without having the words hereby required to be painted thereon refpcCtivcly ; he, lhe, or they, (hall forfeit the fum of forty (hillings.

XIX.	And whereas in and ly fevered afis of parliament^ modi and peffid for amending and repairing particular turnpike roads within this kingdom, Jiveral high and extraordinary tolls are granted and directed to be levied and paid for waggons, carts, and other car• riages, drawn by mere than a certain nun.her of horfes or beajls $ d'aught therein refpeflively mentioned, with an intent in ejfefl to pro* bibit the pajjdge of fuch carriages, and thereby the better to prefervt the fall roads; now it is hereby further eua&ed, That it lhall and may be lawful to and for the truflees appointed, or to be appointed, in or by virtue of any aCt of parliament made, or 10 be made, for repairing and amending fuch particular roads ts aforefaid, or any five or more of fuch truflees rcfpcdtiydy, witbia

their

I?66J	Anno feptimo Georg il III. c.	46;	429

their refpedive diftrids, and they are hereby authorized and re- prohibit wag-quired, at the firft meeting after the commencement of this ad, Sons* &c* bc* to mitigate, leflen, and reduce, the faid high-and extraordinary tolls and duties, for and in refped of fuch waggons or other more than a wheel carriages only having wheels of the breadth or gage of certain num-nine inches as aforefaid, in fuch manner as no greater toll or ter of horfes, duty, in refped to waggons, be demanded or taken for the fame ^ than is provided and direded, by the faid ads refpedively, to to reduce fuch be paid and taken for waggons and other four wheel carriages tolls, in redrawn by four horfes or beafts of draught; and that no greater fp«d of broad toll or duty be demanded or taken for carts, having the fellies of their wheels of the breadth or gage of nine inches, than is pro- ’ vided and direded, by the faid ads refpedively, to be taken for carts drawn by three horfes ; and the faid truftees within their refpedive diftrids, or any five or more of them refpedively, are hereby authorized and required to give diredions in writing to the feveral colledors within fuch their refpedive diftrids, to take and receive fuch tolls and duties, and no other; any law or fta-tute to the contrary notwithstanding,

XX.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. And the toI!« That the truftees appointed or to be appointed, by virtue or un- aretoberaifcd der the authority of any ad of parliament made, or to be ma^e,

for making, repairing, or amending turnpike roads, or fuch per- morc, on Ton or perfons as are or (hall be authorized by them, (hall and all narrow may, and are hereby required to demand and take for every wheeled, wags* waggon, wain, cart, or carriage, having the fellies of the wheels gonl» **• thereof of lefs breadth or gage than nine inches from fide to fide at the lead, at the bottom or foie thereof, and for the horfes or beafts of draught drawing the fame, one half more than the tolls or duties which are or (hall be payable for the fame refpedively *by any ad or ads of parliament, made or to be made, for making, amending, or repairing turnpike roads, before any fuch waggon, warn, cart, or carriage refpedively, (hall be permitted ' to pafs through any turnpike gate or gates, bar or bars, where tolls (hall be payable by virtue of any fuch ads.

XXI.	Provided always, and be it enaded. That it (hall and except ooi

1 may be lawful to and for any cart or carriage drawn by two fart* with 6

*	Ijorfcs or four oxen, and no more, having the fellies of the f

*	wheels thereof of the breadth or gage of fix inches at the bot- ahwifct/drc^ tom from fide to fide, to pafs upon any turnpike road, and

1 through any turnpike gate or bar, paying the tolls or duties ret 1 quired to be paid by any of the faid ads refpedively. f , XXII. And whereas there are, or hereafter may be, in feveral [ (8s of parliament for making, amending, and repairing turnpike toads, exemptions allowed from payment of tolls in particular cafes 1 therein refpedively mentioned; and liberties are or may be allowed% f ia particular cafes, to pay lefs tolls than are charged upon other wag-\ mums, wains, carts, and carriages, pajfing through turnpike gates or mars : and whereas it will tend to the advantage and prefervation of Urnpike roads, to confine fucb exemptions, liberties, privileges, and advantages, to carriages with wheels of tb< breadth or gage nine

L;,. V91.. XXVII.	F f

430	Ahno	feptimo	Georgii lli. c. 40. f 1766.

inches as aforefaid, except as herein after excepted: be it therefore Exemptions enadled, That no perfon (hall, by virtue or the faid adts of par-and privileges liament, have, claim, or take, the benefit or advantage of any granted in exemption from toll, or part of tolls, or to pay lcfs toll, for or caifes^ith re- *n rc^Pc<^ any waggonJ wain, cart, or other carriage, or horfe fpe& to tolls, drawing the fame, and carrying any particular kind of goods, reftrained for than other carriages of the like nature carrying other goods the future to ought to pay ; unlefs fuch waggon, wain, cart, or other car-ed°carriae«* r*a£c> have t*ie or bottom of the fellies of the wheels thereof carts, &cf ’ the breadth or gage of nine inches as aforefaid ; other than with 6 inch and except carts and carriages drawn by two horfes or four oxen, fellies, drawn and no more, having the foie or bottom of the fellies of the wheels & ‘except^, ‘hereof of ‘he breadth or gage of fix inches as aforefaid ; and and fuch car-* other than and except carts and carriages employed in carrying riages as Shall corn or grain in the ftraw, hay, fodder, dung, lime for the im-be employed provement of land, or other manure, or any implements of hufbandry only ; but that the toll required by the faid adts re-fpcdtively, together with the additional tolls hereby directed to be taken, for or in refpedt of every fuch waggon, wain, cart, or other carriage, having the foie or bottom or the fellies of the wheels thereof of lefs breadth or gage than nine inches as aforefaid, and for and in refpedl of horfes, or beads of draught, drawing the fame (except as before excepted) (hall be paid in the fame manner to all intents and purpofes, as if no exemption or lefs toll had been enadled or allowed by any of the faid adts re-fpedtively, and as fully as all other waggons, wains, carts, and carriages, and horfes drawing the fame, ought refpedtively to pay which are not intitled to any exemption from toll, in the whole or part, or to pay a lefs toll than other waggons, wains, carts, and carriages; any law or ftatute to the contrary notwith-Handing.

• XXIII. Provided always. That nothing in this adt (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to any chaife marine, coach, landau, Berlin, chariot, chaife, calafh, or hearfe; or to any caravan, or covered carriage, of any nobleman or gentleman for his private ufe; or to fuch ammunition or artillery as (hall be for his Majefty’s fervice; or to any cart or carriage drawn by one horfe, or two oxen, and no more; or to any carriage, having the foie or bottom of the fellies of the wheels thereof of the breadth of nine inches, which (hall be laden with one (lone, block of marble, one piece of metal, or one piece of timber.

XXIV.	Provided alfo, and be it enadted. That if any period iiiK^hcVcne- or Per^ons ta^c t^e benefit of any exemptions under, or by

ot any ex- Virtue of, this or any other adl made, or hereafter to be made, for the repair of any turnpike road, in any fraudulent or collufivc manner whatfoever ; fuch perfon or perfons (hall forfeit, for every fuch offence, a fum not exceeding five pounds, nor iefi than forty (hidings, at the diferetion of the juftice or juftices before whom fuch offender (hall be convidted.

XXV.	And whereas in and by fcveral ails of parliament mat end pajfed for amending and repairing particular tanepih net

with*

in hulbandry only: in all other cafes the ordinary tolls granted by thofe aits, with the additional ones beieby granted, are to be paid.

Carriages which do not come within the intention of this adt

Perfons frau-

emption forfeit not ex ceeding 5I. nor leU than 40 s*'

ty66v] Anno feptimo Georgix III. c. 40*	431

within this kingdom, there is no power given to. the trujiees to lejfett the tolls, although fuch turnpike roads may be /efficiently, or in a great degreei amended and repaired; and all, or the greatejl party of the money borrowed upon the credit of any fuch afts have been paid and difcharged; be it therefore furtner enafted, That it (hall and may Where the be lawful to and for the truftees appointed in and by virtue of (hall he any aft of parliament, now in force, for repairing and amending	•

fuch particular roads as aforefaid, or any thirteen or more of fuch nearly*fo j truftees refpeftively, and they ire hereby itmtowered in any of and tne mo-the cafes aforefaid, at a irteeting to be held for that purpofe, of ntY borrowed which one calendar month’s notice (hall be given in writing, to be affixed on all the turnpike gates which (hall be then erefted 1^	**

upon fuch refpeftive roads, from time to time, to leflen or reduce all or any of the tolls granted by any of the (aid refpeftive afts, j^e ®iIjr for and during fuch time as the laid truftees, or any thirteen or redttCCd* more of them, (hall think proper; and afterwards at any meeting an(j oeeafion* to be held as aforefaid, from time to time, if they (half fee occa- ally railed (ion, to advance all or any of the tolls, fo leflcned, to any fum or again i Turns of money, not exceeding the feveral rates granted by ftich afts of parliament refpeftively.

XXVI.	Provided nevcrthelefs, That where the whole money but no fuch borrowed on the credit of the tolls granted by any fuch aft (hafl redutfin is not have been paid and difcharged, no fuch tolls (hall be leflened

or reduced without the confent of the perfon or perfons intitled " ^e, unlef* to five (ixths of the money remaining due upon fuch refpeftive with confent tolls.	of the inort*

XXVII.	And be it further enafted. That where there are

two or more turnpike roads under feveral afts of parliament, Where there within the fame pariftl, townthip, or place, and the ftatutc duty are » pr more direfted by all fuch afts to be taken or applied, for the repair of fuch turnpike roads within fuch parifh, townfhip, or place, feveral afts (hall exceed three days duty in the whole; then, and in fuch within the cafe, it (hall and may be lawful for two or more juftices of the fame pariflx, peace of the county, riding, divifion, or place, where fuch turn-pike roads (hall be, and they are hereby required, at tome lpe- exceeds % * cial feffions, to adjuft and proportion fuch ftatute duty, betwixt days, fuch turnpike roads and the other highways in fuch parifli, the juftices townlhip, or place, in fuch manner as they (hall think fit; hav- *f# t0hap1?0!V' i ing regard to the extent and condition of the faid feveral roads jJL 1 and highways, and alfo to the tolls and revenues arifing from tween cnem*

( 'fuch turnpike roads refpeftively (the faid juftices previoufly fum-moninz the clerks and furveyors of fuch turnpike roads, and 1 likewile the furveyors of the Highways for fuch pariftl, townfhip, or place, who are hereby refpeftively required to attend the juf-1 tices upon fuch fummons.)

XX VIII. And be it further enafted. That if any furveyor or 4®*. penalty furveyors, or other perfon or perfons having the care of any turn- f "Jtur„eyori

Eike road, (hall fuffer to be or remain, for the fpace of forty eight	^to

ours, in any part thereof within twelve feet on either fide of the remain on the tspiddlc of fuch road, any poft or polls, heap of heaps of (tones, roadiat. jrubbifh, or earth, fet up or raifed in or above thcfurface of the

F f Z	fold

43*	Anno	feptimo	GeoRGii	III. c. 40J	[17665

faid road, by which the paffage thereof (hall or may be obftrudted, impededj confined, or ftraiiened (other than and except pods, blocks, (lories, or banks of earth, fixed in the ground, or raifed, for fecuring horfe or foot roads, and alfo direction pods and (tones) fuch furveyor or other perfon (hall forfeit and pay the fum of forty (hillings, to be recovered before one jufticc of the peace#

XXIX. And whereas inconveniencies have arifen from malting hedges, or other fences, and from ploughing or breaking up the foil of lands or grounds near the middle or centre of turnpike roads ; for re-461. penalty medy thereof be it further enaded. That if any perfon (hall makin^cJitch- ma^e» or caufe t0 he made, any hedge, ditch, or other fence, on *s, &c7on ' any turnpike road not inclofed on both (ides, within the didance any turnpike of thirty feet from the middle or centre thereof; or (hall plough, roaiLnot in- harrow, or break up, the foil of any land or ground ; or, in faie* within^ P^S^ing or harrowing the adjacent lands, (nail turn his or 30 feet* of the their plough or harrow in or upon any land or ground within centre. the difiance of fifteen feet from the middle or centre of any or turning turnpike road, made, or to be made, within this kingdom; or harrow cvery Pcr^on fo offending (hall forfeit, for every fuch offence, within1*! s feet f°rtY (hillings, to fuch perfon as (hall rmke information of the •thereof:	fame; and it (hall be lawful for the trudecs who have the care

fuch ditches, cf any fuch road, or any five or more of them, to caufe fuch ukein down he(l§e* ditch, or fence, to be taken down or filled up at the ex-or filled up, at pence of the perfon or perfons to whom the fame (hall belong: the expence of and it (hall and may be lawful for any one or more judiceor tfie owner ; judices of the peace of the county, riding, divifion, or place, fo^ctl^e^with w^cre fach °ffence (hall be committed, upon proof thereof to ri)?CpenaUiesF him or them made upon oath, to levy as well the expences of by diftrefs ’ taking down fuch hedges as aforefaid, as the feveral and refpec-and fale. tive penalties hereby impofed, by didrefs and fale of the offender’s goods and chatties, rendering the overplus to the owner ' on demand.

Dtae&ion XXX. And, for the better convenience of travellers, where fevt-polls to be fet ral highways meet, be it further enabled. That the commiffioners up where fe- or truftecs appointed, or to be appointed, to execute any adt of vfkys meet * parliament made, or to be made, for the repair of any turnpike * road, (hall diredl the furveyor of every fuch turnpike road where feveral highways meet, and there is no fufficient direction poft or done already fixed or eredted, forthwith to ereid, orcaufeto be credled, or fixed, in the mod convenient place where fuch ways meet, a done or pod, with an infeription thereon in large Jettcrs, containing the name of, and didance from, the next market town or towns, or other confiderable place or places, to and where the which the faid highways refpedtively lead; and alfo, at the fcve-highjays a*e rai approaches or entrances to fuch parts of any highways as are for dan£crouiP	to	c'ceP	or	dangerous	floods,	graduated	dones or pofts,

.floods f denoting the depth of water in the deeped part of the fame; and for.guid- and likewife fuch dire&ion pods or dones as the faid commif* ing travellers fioners or trudecs (hall judge to be necedary, for the guiding of inrtie fafell tnivcijcrs the bed and fated traft through the faid floods or *	waters;

1766.3	Anno feptlmo Georgii III. c. 4pi	433

waters; and alfo (hall order the (aid furveyor to eredt mile-ftones Mile-ftones upon fuch turnpike road, with proper inferiptions and figures aIfo thereupon, denoting the names and difiances from the principal upi towns or places on each refpedtive road ; and the faid furveyor'^ expCncCJ or furveyors (hall be reimburfed the expences of providing and to be defrayed eredting the fame refpedtively, out of the tolls and duties granted out of the 4 by fuch adts refpedtively: and in cafe any furveyor or furveyors	1

ftiall, by the fpace of three months after fuch diredtion to him or ne^eafrit them given, negledl orjefufe to caufe any fuch (tone or port to be their duty fixed as aforefaid; every fuch offender (hall forfeit the fum of herein, forfeit twenty (hillings.	20••

XXXI.	And whereas in Come places it hath been, and may be, pcnajty not ,

found necejfary to fecure borfe and foot caufeways, in public highways, exceeding 5 b by pojls, blocks, or great Jlones,fixt in the ground, or by banks of earth but not left • caji up, or otberwife, from being broken andfpoiled with waggons,Ioi# 011' wains, carts, or carriages: and forafmuch as feveral evil-difpofed deftroyin* perfons may wilfully or malicioufy pull up, cut down, and remove, pofh or bank* the faid pojls, blocks, and great Rones, Jo fixed as aforefaid, and alfq to be fet up dig and cafi down the faid banes, which are the fecurity and defence °”thc Jjdc* of the faid caufeways, whereby they are often ruined and dejlroyed ; feovity** °r and fuch evil-difpofed perfons may break, damage, or throw down, the thereof, Jlones, bricks, or wood, fixed upon the parapets or battlements of ortheparapet* bridges, and may pull down, defiroy, obliterate, or deface, any mile- of bridges § ftone or poft graduated, or direfiion-pofl orfione, erefled, or to be miie-ftonef, ere fled, upon any turnpike road for the purpofes aforefaid: for pre-	diredio.a.

vention thereof, be it enadted, That every perfon who (hall be pods; guilty of any fuch offence (hall, upon complaint thereof made

to any juftice of the peace of the county, divifion, or place,

where the fame (hall be proved to be done, by the oath of any

one credible witnefs, or upon view of the juftice himfelf, forfeit,

for every of the faid offences, any fum not exceeding five pounds*

nor lefs than ten (hillings; or be committed to the houfe of ortheoflfend-

corredtion of fuch county, divifion, or place, there to be whip- cr raay be

ped, and kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding one and lkrp^ta

calendar month, nor lefs than feven days, at the diferetion of £ard labour,.

fuch juftice.	and whipt.

XXXII.	And, to prevent the malicious defiroying of any turnpike gate or houfes which have been, or Jhall hereafter be, ere fled, be it

Further enadted, That if any perfon or perfons whatfoever (hall, Penalty of de* either by day or night, wilfully or malicioufly pull down, pluck	jjjf’

up, throw down, level, or otherwife deftroy, any turnpike gate, ^r^bar, ' ** or turnpike gates, or any poft or ports, rail or rails, wall or walls, V or any chain, bar, or other fence or fences, belonging to any turnpike gate or turnpike gates, or any other chain, bar, qr fence, of any kind whatfoever, fet up or eredted, or hereafter to be fet up or eredted, to prevent pa(fengers from paffing by without paying any toll laid and diredted to be paid by any adfc or adts of parliament already made, or hereafter to be made, for that purpofe ; or any houfe or houfes eredted, or to be eredted, ^ |,ou^t m for the ufe of any fuch turnpike gate or turnpike gates; or any weighing (JDne, machine, or engine, made or eredted, or to be made or gine,

F f 3

434

or reftulng offenders;

Anno fepdmo Georgii III. C. 40.	(176ft

eyeAed, on any turnpike road, by authority of parliament, for weighing waggons, carts, or carriages; or (hall forcibly refeue s*ny perfon or perfons, being lawfully in cuftody of any officer or . ..	other perfon for any of the offences before mentioned; that

*«howUe-Jhen» and a7,?f the rV*cafes, every perfon fo offending, be-fit of dergj. l.ng thereof lawfully convicted, mall be adjudged guilty of felony, and (hall fuffer death as in cafes of felony without benefit of clergy : and any indictment for fuch offences (hall and may be inquired of, examined, tried, and determined, in any adjacent county within that part of Great Britain called England^ in fuch iflanncr and form as if the faAs had been therein committed. Inhabitants of XXXIII. And be it further enaCted, That the inhabitants of the hundred, £Very hundred within that part of Great Britain called England ot the !'ald'of-w*t^in which fuch offence or offences (hall be committed, by sene** (hall be pulling down and deftroying any fuch turnpike gate or gates, or committed, any fuch poft or pods, rail or rails, wall or walls, belonging to any turnpike gate or gates; or any fuch chain, bar, or fences; or any hoqfc or houfes fet up or ereAed, or to be fet up or ereAed, for the ufe or fervicc of colleAing the tolls ; or any crane, machine, or engine, made Qr ereAed, or to be made or creCted, on any turnpike road, by authority of parliament, for weighing waggons, carts, or carriages, at any place appointed by the refpeCtive trufte^s or commiflioners, or any five or more of them, aCting under any aA or aCts of parliament for amending any turnpike road, (hall make full fatisfaAion for the damages that (hall be thereby fuffered ; and that the (aid damages (hall and may be recovered by aCtion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record, by and in the name of the clerk of the peace of the county for the time being wherein fuch offence or offences (hall be committed, without naming the chriftian name or furname of the clerk of the peace $ and fuch aAion (hall not be abated or difeontinued by the death or removal of any fuch clerk, but may be fued and profecuted by his fucceflor; and the faid damages fo to be recovered (hall be to the only ufe and behoof or the truftces c* commiflioners of fuch turnpike where the offence (hall have been committed, to be by them applied and difpofed of to the feveral ufes and purpofes, in fuch manner as the feveral tolls, rates, and duties, by virtue of fuch aA or aAs of parliament, inhabitants to (hall be applied and difpofed of: and all and every the inhabits ratably tants of fuch hundred (hall be rateably and proportion ably taxed uxed thereto; for ancj towarcj an equal contribution for the relief of fuch inhabitant or inhabitants, againft whom execution for fuch damages (hall be had and levied; which tax (hall be levied and raifed bv fuch means, and in fuch manner and form, as is preferibed ana mentioned for the levying and raifing the damages recovered butu n con 25a*n^ inhabitants of hundreds in cafe of robberies, by any sA vi&ionuor the cr a<^s of parliament: provided, That upon conviAion of any offender, the fuch offender, within twelve months after the offence committed, hundred is to any hundred, or inhabitants thereof, liable to make, and having ot fir ro*de, fuch fatisfaAion, (hall be repaid the fums they have ft

Mldt

a* to make full fat itraction for the damages.

to the yfe of the- trurtees ©F the turnpike i

to be applied <4$ the tolls:

f?66.] Anno feptimo GeoRgii III, c. 40;	^35

, paid, out of the tolls of the turnpike where fuch offence was committed.

XXXIV. And whereas great mifchiefs have arifcn from mean ftrfont afling as truflees in the execution of fuch a£ls of parliament made for repairing public roads in that part of Great Britain called England, as do not direfl and require that the truflees tberely appointed Jball be qualified to aft as fuch by the pojfejfion of real or perfonal ejlates to a certain value; be it therefore enaded, That no General qua** perfon (hall be qualified or capable of ading as a truftee in the fificario* of execution of any fuch ad as atorefaid, unlefs he (hall be, in his tru^e#« own right, or in the right of his wife, in the adual pofleflion, or	,

receipt, of the rents and profits of lands, tenements, or heredi-, taments, of the clear yearly value of forty pounds; or poflefled of, or intitled to, perfonal eftate to the value of eight hundred pounds ; or fhall be heir apparent of a perfon poffefied of an eftate in land of the clear yearly value of eighty pounds; and unlefs he hath taken, or (nail (not beiny fuch heir apparent as to be verified aforefaid) before he ads as fuch truftee, take and fubferibe the uPoaoath# oath following, before any two or more of the truflees appointed, or to be appointed, by or in purfuance of fuch ad, who are hereby authorized and impowered to adminifter the fame, in the words, or to the effed, following 5 that is to fay,

I A. B. do fwear, That I truly and bona fide jot, in my awn rights The oath# or in the right of my wife, in the aflual pojfejfion and enjoyment, ( or receipt, of the rents and profits of lands, tenements, or heredita--anentSy of the clear yearly value of (forty pounds) or pojfejfed of or intitled to9 a perfonal efiatey to the value of {eight hundred pounds* as the cafe may be)

So help me G OD«

And if any perfon (hall prefume to ad contrary to the true intent 501. penalty

•nd meaning hereof, every fuch perfon (hall, for every fuch of- on perfon*,

fence, forfeit and pay the fum of fifty pounds to any perfon who

(hall fue for the fame; to be recovered in any of his Majefty's jng to ad.

courts of record by adion of debt, or on the cafe, or by bill,

fuit, or information ; wherein no efloin, protedion, or wager of

law, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed$ and fuch

perfon fo fued or profecuted (hall prove that he is qualified as

above, or otherwife (hall pay the faid fum of fifty pounds, without

any other proof or evidence on the part of the plaintiff or pro-

fecutor, than that fuch perfon hath aded as a commiflioner in

the execution of any fuch ad.

XXXV.	And be it further enaded,That all clerks, treafurers. Officers to de« furveyors, and other officers appointed, or to be appointed, by fiver up to any ad or ads made or to be made for the repair of any turnpike ^j^and Toads, and their refpedive executors or adminiftrators, (hall, pa£ers in their within ten days after notice, in writing, to them refpedively gi~ cu(tody,&c. ven by the commiflioners or truflees of fuch roads, or 3ny five relating to thq or more of them, at a meeting held purfuant to fuch ad, produce and deliver up ta fuch jruftees, all book$, accounts, papers, or n

F f 4	writing

436	Anno	feptimo Georg 11 III. c. 40J	^1766*

writings whatfocvcr, relative to the execution of fiich refpeCtivq on forfeiture offices, which (hall be in their cuftody or power; and every fuch. of *oU officer or perfon as aforefaid neglecting or refuting to produce and deliver up fuch books, accounts, papers, or writings, after fuch notice as aforefaid, (hall, for every fuch negleCt or refulal refpeCtively, forfeit the fum of twenty pounds.

Perfons dif- XXXVI. And it is hereby further enaCted, That no perfoii qualified from or perfons who (hall keep any viCtualling-houfe, ale-houfe, or afting as tru- other houfe of public entertainment, or who (hall fell any win^ ing any office cyder, beer, ale, fpirituous or other ftrong liquors, by retail, under the (nail be capable of aCting as a truftee, or of taking, holding, or truft,	enjoying, any place or places of truft or profit under the truftees

of any aCt of parliament made, or to be made, for erecting tumor farming the pikes refpeCtively,* or of farming the tolls thereby granted and made payable, during fuch time as he (hall keep fuch viCtual-ling-houfe, ale-houfe, or other houfe of public entertainment, or (hall fell any wine, beer, cyder, ale, fpirituous or other ftrong ' liquors, by retail,

XXXVII. And whereas the trujlees of feveral turnpike roads art not fufficientfy impowered to punijb nuifances in the feveral roads under Nuifances on their care y be it therefore further enaCted, That the faid truftees the road may of the feveral roads refpeCtively, or any five or more of them, at att^expena a §cncra* meeting, may, and they are hereby impowered, if of the reve- ** they (hall think fit, to direCt profecutions by indictment againft nues of t^o	the offender or offenders for any nuifance done, committed, or

turnpike,	continued, in or upon any of the turnpike roads under their care

refpeCtively, at the expence of the revenues belonging to fuch turnpike roads, to be allowed by fuch truftees, or any five or more of them, at fome fubfequent general meeting: provided Profecutions that nothing in this aCt (hall be conftrued to impower the truf-unlelSupon tees to profecute, or caufe to be profecuted, any perfon for any offender's fuch offence, unlefs upon the conteflion of the offender, or that confeflion, or one or more witnefs or witnefles can be had and produced to proof hy prove the commiffion of fuch offence.

witae i.	XXXV	III.	And whereas fraudulent contrivances may be prattifei

hy offenders^ their friends^ and otbers} to evade the jujt recovery cf forfeitures and penalties in flitted by the laivs relating to turnpike roads 1 by Jetting up colourable profecutions and feizures, with intent U Fraudulent favour offenders againfl the faid laws, and to difeourage juji and red andcolourable profecutions; for remedy thereof, be it enaCted, That it (hall and arSfehwres,	anc*	cvcrY	juftice	and	juftices	of	the	peace

ict up ro fa-* before whom there (hall be any information or proceeding for vour offend- any penalty or forfeiture inflicted by this or any aCt or aCtsof crsftobcen- parliament made, or to be made, for repairing and amending ^dfnaiide. turnP^e roads ; and they are hereby required, where any prior feizure, information, or conviction, (hall be fet up or infilled upon, hy way of defence, or to defeat any information or proceeding, or any feizure for any forfeiture or penalty inflicted as aforefaid,. to examine into the real merits of fuch prior feizure^ information, proceeding, or conviction; and if thereupon it -{hall appear that the fame was not done, made, or prolecutcd

........	fffcfrially*

1766.] Anno feptimo Georgii III. c. 40.	437

effedually, to recover and apply the penalty or forfeiture for the true and real ends and purpofes for which fuch penalties or for-feitures were enaded, but to favour the offender, fuch prior fei-zure, information, or convidion, (hall be deemed to be fraudulent, and null and void, to all intents and purpofes whatfoever; and every fuch juftice or juftices of the peace (hall proceed to determine and convid, as if no prior feizure, information, or convidion, had been made, profecuted, or obtained.

XXXIX. And be it further cnaded. That where a fufficient where a fuf-number of the truftees appointed, or to be appointed, by any fitientnumber ad or ads of parliament made, or to be made, for making, °lltl2!ftnCS to amending, or repairing, any particular turnpike roads, (hall not^ton tte meet on the day appointed, or to be appointed, by any fuch ad appointed or ads refpedively, for their firft meeting; or (hall not meet on tor their firi, the day appointed, or to be appointed, by adjournment, foror any fubfe-their meeting, or for want of a proper adjournment; by which Hucnt m€Ct" means, or by fome, or one of them, the intent of the faid ad or W9nt 0f ads may be firuftrated; in all or either of the faid cafes, it (hall adjournments be lawful for fo many of the (aid truffees as (hall meet, or the the trafte*s# major part of them, or, in cafe no fuch truffee (hall be prefent,	^

for their clerk or clerks, to caufe notice in writing to be affixed cm2y appoint on all turnpikes that (hall be then ereded on the (aid refpedive anothermeet-roads, or, if no turnpikes (hall be then eredfd, to caufe the like ing*. giving notice to be affixed in the mod confpicuous place in one of the notice principal towns or places neared to which the roads direded tothcreo * be repaired do lie, at lead ten days before the intended meeting; appointing fuch trudees to meet at fuch place where the preceding meeting was appointed to have been held, or at the place direded for the firft meeting of fuch trudees, if no fuch preceding meeting (hall have been held; and the faid trudees, when and the met in purfuance of fuch notice, (hall and may, and they are co^cqucnlw hereby required, to proceed and carry fuch ad or ads into exe- thereof, may cution, in the fame and as ample and full a manner, to all in- proceed to tents and purpofes, as they might or could have done if no fuch “P7 fuch negleit had happened.	S“,“"

XL. Provided neverthelefs, and be it further enaded. That No ^journ. no meeting of fuch trudees (hall at any time be adjourned for ment to be for any longer time than three months from the day on which fuch a longer time adjournment (hall be made; and that no bufinefs (hall be donethan3"®°^g* or proceeded upon by the trudees, at any meeting to be held un-der this or any ad or ads of parliament, made or to be made, before 10 in for making or repairing any turnpike roads, before the hour of the mornings ten in the forenoon; and that no adjournment (hall be made tonor ^\olJrnm any hour later than two in^the afternoon of the day on which ment to be fuch meeting (hall be appointed to be held; and that every ad made to a agreed upon at any meeting, (hall be (igned at the faid meetinglatcr ho.ur by a competent number of trudees, or otherwife, every fuch meeting, adjournment, and aid refpedively, (hall be void and of none effect.

XLI. And be it enaded. That if the commilGoners and truf. Truftees abaf. fees appointed, or to be appointed, to put any ad of parliament, ing or exceed-

made “8 their pow

43 t	Anno feptimo Georgii IIL c. 40?	[1765;

er, in any of made or to be made for the Tepair of any turnpike road, into

the inftance* execution, (hall abufe or exceed their power, by eredtiog or here mention-,	-	~	-	•	•	.	r -	’	<	-	&	-

ed.

caufing to be ere&ed, or continuing or caufing to be continued, any gate or gates, turnpike or turnpikes, where they have not any power, by virtue of any a6fc of parliament, toere&fuch gate or gates, turnpike or turnpikes; it (hall and may be lawful to and for the juftices of the peace of the county, riding, divifion, or place, where any fuch gate or gates, turnpike or turnpikes, complaint ls or ** crc&®« or continued, in their general quarter fef-made thereof (ions aflembled, upon complaint of fuch abule or excels of power in a fumraary in fuch commiflioners and truftees, in a fummary way to hear

the general

2uarter felons may determine any complaint

wa

ay j and the fhe-riffis to execute their order.

Mortgagee taking poflef-iion of any toll-gate, to account upon oath for the monies received, and expended;

and determine the fame; and thereupon to order the merifF of the county, who is hereby authorized and required to execute fuch order, to remove any fuch gate or gates, turnpike or turnpikes.

XLII. And be it ena&ed. That all and every mortgagee and mortgagees that hath or have taken or been in pofleffion, or (hall hereafter take and be in pofleffion, of any toll-gate or bar, fet up or eredted on any turnpike road, (hall, within fourteen days after he, (he, or they, (hall have received notice in writing from the truftees, or commiflioners of fuch turnpike roads, or any five of them, render upon oath, to be adminiftered and taken by and before one juftice of the peace, or any one truftee or commiflioner of fuch turnpike road, an exadt account in writing, to fuch truftees or commiflioners, or to any perfon appointed by them, or any five of them, to be named m fuch notice, of all monies receivea by fuch mortgagee or mortgagees, or by any other perfon or perfons, for his, her, or their ufe and benefit, or by his, her, or their authority, at fuch toll-gate or bar, and of what he, (he, or they, have expended in keeping the fame; and in cafe he, (he, or they, (hall negledfc to render fuch account, when required in the manner herein directed, he, (he, or they, (hall feverally forfeit and pay to the faid truftees or commif-fioners, for every refufal, neglect, or omiffion, to render fuch account, the fum of ten pounds; to be recovered by the faid truftees or commiflioners, or any five or more of them, or by the treafurer or clerk to the faid truftees or commiflioners, in a fummary manner, before one juftice of the peace; which, when recovered, (hall be applied to the ufe of the refpedive road or roads whereon fuch toll-gate or bar (hall be placed.

XLIII. And be it further enadted, That if any fuch moil* gagee or mortgagees (hall keep pofleffion of any toll-gate or bar, by him, her, or themfelves, or by any other perfon or perfons on his, her, or their behalf, and receive the tolls or duties thereat, after fuch mortgagee or mortgagees (hall have received cpfts are paid, the full fum or Turns of money due on their refpedlive mortgage I* to forfeit or mortgages, and the interest thereof, with cods; fuch mort-

!gagee or mortgagees (hall forfeit and pay, as a penalty, to the aid truftees or commiflioners, double the fum or fums of money he, (he, or they, (hall have received over and above the fum or fums of mpney dqe as afore&id, with treble coils of fuit; to be

recovered

on foifeirure of iqI. for every refufal, Or neglcft;

to he applied to the ufe of the road:

And keeping pofleffion, or receiving the tolls, after his dc(>t, in-tereft, and

double the fums fo re-Rived,

1766.] Anno feptimo Georgii III. c. 40.	439

recovered by Ihe faid truftees or eommiffioners, or by the tre*- treble furer or clerk to fuch truftees or eommiffioners, by a&ion of c0™0* debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record; which, when recovered, (hall be applied to the ufc to be applied of the refpedtive road or roads on which fuch toll-gate or bar thc “re °* (hall be placed.

XLIV. Provided always, and be it further enadted, That it y t^e (hall and may be lawful for any two or more truftees or com- death of any miffioners of any turnpike road, upon the death of any toll-ga- colledtor, % therer or gate-keeper, appointed or to be appointed to collect tnifteea may the tolls upon fuch turnpike road, to nominate and appoint fome other fit perfon in his place, until the next meeting of the ^	■

truftees or eommiffioners of fuch road; which perfon, lo to be wh0 is to be nominated and appointed, (hall have the like power and autho- accountable, ritv, and be accountable in the fame manner, in all refpedls, a*ti11 the next the perfon fo dying had, or would have been, if living: and ^comi^f-that if any toll-gatherer or gate- keeper, who (hall be difeharged flonerf> from his office by the truftees or eommiffioners authorized for CoHedtor dif-that purpofe, (hall refufe to deliver up the pofleffion of the houfe, charged, buildings, and appurtenances, which he enjoyed in right of his Appointment to that office* within two days after notice of hisf10n0^^ dilcharge (hall be given to him, or left at his houfe; or if the houfe, &c. wife or family of any fuch toll-gatherer or gate-keeper who (hall or the mfe or die as aforefaid, (hall refufe to deliver up the pofleffion of fuch houfe, buildings, and appurtenances, within four days after fuch a	9

new appointment (hall be made as aforefaid; then, and in either Conftable, by of the laid cafes, it (hall and may be lawful for any juftice of the warrant of a peace for the county, divifion, or place, where fuch turnpike-juftice, may houfe (hall be, by warrant under his hand and feal, to order the conftable or other peace officer, with fuch affiftance as (hall bem e,f neceflary, to enter fuch houfe and premifles in the day-time, and to remove the perfons who (hall be found therein, together and put the with their goods, out of fuch houfe, and to put the new ap- newappointed pointed officer into the pofleffion thereof.	fcflton.1™

XLV. And belt further enadted, That the gate-keeper or toll- Colle&ors and gatherer of every fuch toll-gate or bar, and every furveyor of any furveyors to turnpike road, (hall, when required, by notice in writing from account upoa the faid truftees or eommiffioners, or any five or more of them,	“

render upon oath, to be adminiftered by, and taken before, any ^ one juftice of the peace, truftee, or commiflioner of fuch turnpike road, a true and exa& account in writing, to the faid truftees or eommiffioners, or to any perfon to be named in fuch notice appointed by them, or any five or more of them, of all monies received by him, her, or them, at fuch toll-gate or bar, or otherwife on account of fuch turnpike road, not before accounted for, under the penalty of five pounds for every fuch of- upder penalty fence or negle£t; to be recovered in a fummary manner before of 5I. any one juftice of the peace, and applied to the ufe of the re- * fpe6tive road on which fuch toll-gate (hail be placed.

XLVI. And be it further enacted. That no gate-keeper of No colle&or, |ny turnpike road, or perfon renting the tolls thereof, and re-or renter or

i

Anno feptimo Georgii III. C. 40*	£1766.

be removed Tiding in any toll-houfe belonging to the bid truft, (hall be re-by virtue of movable from fuch toll-houfe, by the order of any juftices of the poor laws, t^c peacCj jn purfuance of any laws now m being ror the relief unlefs he be- or regulation of the poor, unlefs he (hall become actually charge-come charge- able to foine parifh or place; and that no fuch gate-keeper or able;	perfon renting fuch tolls, and refiding in fuch toll*rtoufe as aforc-

fee (hall thcreby 8a*n a fcttlcmcnt *n any parish or place what-SmentbyCthe fever; and that no tolls to be taken at any gate ere&ed, or to folk;	be eredted, by the truftees of any turnpike road, nor any toll*

nor fhall he, houfe eredted, or to be eredted, for the purpofe of colledting the bHiabVto41 fame* nor any Perf°ns in refpedt of fuch tolls or toll-houfe, any parochial (hall be rated or affidfcd towards the payment of any poors rate, tax.	or any other publick or parochial levy whatfoever.

Con (tables	XLVII. And, to enforce further a due obfervance of this

making de- adl, be it enadted. That every conftable, headborough, or fault in their tythingman, refufingor negledling to put this adl into execution, cMT ^ t0 account for and deliver any forfeiture or penalty according aft, &c. to the diredtions of this adl; and every furveyor of any turnpike andfurveyors, road, and every toll-gatherer, and all perfons employed, or to collectors, &c. be employed, by commiffioners or truftees, appointed or to be appointed for the repairing roads, as do or (hall receive falaries neglefting to or rewards, who (hall wilfully neeledl, for the fpace of one week feize fupemu- after the offence committed, to leize any fupernumerary horfe merary horfes or horfes drawing within their view or knowledge in any wag-

drawiDip til	#	”	.	#	”	##	”	*

waggons, gon, wains or cart, contrary to the true intent and meaning of or to give dut this adt; or fhall wilfully ncgledt for the fame time to lay fuch information information, upon oath, before one or more of his Majefty’s of the offence, juftices 0f the peace for the county, riding, divifion, or place, wherein fuch offence was committed, or before the commiffion-ers or truftees at their refpedtive meetings, as by this adl is di-forfeit sol, redted; fhall, upon due information made, upon oath, before one or more or his Majefty’s juftices of the peace for the faid county, riding, divifion, or place, forfeit, for every fuch neg-Jedl, the fum of ten pounds.

Any feizure XLVIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enadled and de-or aiftrefs clared. That whatever perfon or perfons fhall make any feizure made for any or diftrefs of any horfe, beaft, gears, or other things, for any curredUrC	tbe	forfeitures hereby incurred, unlefs by warrant from a juf-

unlefs by tice or juftices of the peace, or commiffioners of any turnpike, warrant, b purfuant to the authority hereby given; fuch perfon or perfons is to be deli- (hall driver the fame into the cuftody of the conftable, or feme th^conftable3 other P^rifh officer of the fame, next, or adjacent, town or pa-till proof * where fuch feizure or diftrefs is made, who arc hereby remade of the cjuired to receive into their cuftody, and fafely to keep the fame, offence; ■ till the perfon or perfons who made fuch diftrefs or feizure fhall make proof, upon oath, before fome juftice of the peace, of the andifnotmade offence committed; but if fuch proof fhall not be made within wirhin 6 days, fix days after fuch delivery, then fuch horfe, beaft, gears, or the diftrefs to other things, fhall be reftored to the owner; and the perfon the'owneri ° ma^*ng feh feizure (ball pay fuch reafonable charges to thecon-and the feizer (table pr other officer for the keeping and fccuring thereof, as

1766.] Anno feptimo Georgii III. c. 40.	441

the faid juftice or juftices (hall allow and direA; and the faid pence* of juftice or juftices, before whom fuch proof is made, are hereby required, after conviAion, to iffue their precept to fuch confta-ble or pari(h officer, immediately to deliver the horfe, beaft, order to be gears, or other things, fo forfeited, to the party or parties who made for de-feized or diftrained the fame, to and for their foie ufe and be- hwmg the nefit; paving fuch reafonable charges for keeping and fecuringplJZ* 0 fuch hone or horfes, beafts, or other things, as the faid juftice y or juftices (hall allow and direA: and every perfon making fei- Party not duly zure of any fuch horfe, beaft, gears, or other things, and not profecuting profecuting fuch feizure within the time and in manner aforefaid,

(hall forfeit to the owner of fuch horfe, beaft, gears,, or other r 40 things, the fum of forty (hillings for every fuch feizure.

XLIX. Provided always, and be it further enaAed, That no rionftTte conviAion (hall be had or made by virtue of this aA, unlefs up- Up0n con-on confeftion of the party accufed, or upon the oath of one or feffion of the more credible witneis or witneffes; and that any inhabitant of party accufed,

any parith, town(hip, or place, in which any offence (hall be or oath of

j	*	*	•	r\	-	j .	one or more

committed1 contrary to this a A, (hall be deemed a competent wjtne(Teti

witnefs, notwithftanding his or her being an inhabitant of fuch Inhabitants

parifh, townftiip, or place; and that any juftice of the peace deemed com.

may aA in the execution of this aA, notwithftanding he may be Pjg* WIt“.

a truftee for repairing and amending the roads on which any of- amj any fa-

fence, contrary to this aA, (hall be committed.	ftice, tho* a

truftee, may aA therein.

L. And be it further enaAed, That in cafe any perfon or per- Penalty of ob* fons (hall refift, or make forcible oppofition agamft, any perfon (hruAing the or perfons employed in the due execution of this aA; or (hall thUaftln aflault any colleAor or colleAors of the tolls in the execution of any of the in-his or their office or offices; or (hall forcibly pafs through any fiances here turnpike-gate or gates, rail or rails, chain or chains, or other mentioned, fence or fehces, fet up, or to be fet up, by authority of parliament, without paying the toll appointed to be paid at fuch gatd or other fence; or (hall hinder, or attempt to prevent or ob-ftruA, any fuch perfon or perfons in the meafuring or guaging the wheels of any carriage; or feizing or diftrainingof any horfe, or beaft of draught, hereby direAed to be forfeited for the offences herein before mentioned; or make any refeue of cattle, or other goods, diftrained by virtue of this aA; or if any con-ftable, head borough, or tythingman, (hall refufe or negleA to execute any warrant granted by any juftice or juftices of the peace, or by any commilfioners or truftees, purfuant to the di-reAions of this or any turnpike road aA; every fuch perfon of- ^ ^um fending therein, arid being conviAed thereof in manner afore- not exceeding faid, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit any fum not exceeding 10I. nor lefs ten pounds, nor lets than forty (hillings, at the diferetion of the than 4 juftice or juftices of the peace before whom he or (he (hall be fo tulmpik? conviAed; to be paid to the furveyor of the turnpike roads furveyorj where the offence was committed, and laid out in the repairs thereof: and in cafe he or (he do not forthwith pay, or fecure and if not to be paid, the faid forfeiture, after fuch conviAion* then k

Jhall rity given.

the offender to be committed.

Penalties, forfeitures, and charges, not otherwife directed, to be levied by di-ftrefs and file.

Application

theieof.

For want of diftrefi, &c.

Offender to be committed.

Warrant may

be backed by any neighbouring ju-ftice,

and diftrefs and Tale made accordingly j

Anno feptimo Georgii III. c. 40,	[1766.

(hall and may be lawful for fuch juftice or juffices of the peace to commit fuch perfon or perfons to the common gaol, or houfe of correction, of the county, divifion, or place, where fuch offence (hall be committed, there to remain for any time not exceeding three mbnths, unlcfs the faid forfeiture (hall be foooer paid.

LI. And be it further enaCted, That all penalties and forfeitures by this act impofed for any offence againft the fame, and all cods and charges to be allowed and ordered by the authority of this adt (the manner of levying and recovering of which is not hereby otherwife particularly directed) (hall be levied by diftrefs and fale of the goods and chatties of the offender, or perfon liable or ordered to pay the fame refpeCtively, by warrant under the hand and feal of fome juftice of the peace for the county, riding, divifion, or place, where fuch offence, neglcft, or default, (hall happen, or fuch order for payment of fuch cofts or charges (hall be made, rendering the overplus of fuch diftrefs, if any, to the party or parties, after dedudting the charges of making the fame; which warrant fuch juftice is hereby impow-ered and required to granr upon convidtion of the offender by confeffion, or upon the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witnefles, or upon order made as afore&id; and the penalties and forfeitures, when fo levied, (hall be paid, the one half to the informer, and the other half to the furveyor of the turnpike road where fuch offence, negleCt, or default, (hall happen; to be employed towards the repair thereof, unlef9 otherwife directed by this ajft: and in cafe fuch diftrefs cannot be found, and fuch penalties and forfeitures, or the faid cofts or charges, (hall not be forthwith paid, it (hall and may be lawful for fuch juftice, and he is hereby authorized and required, by warrant under his hand and feal, to commit fuch offender or offenders, or perfon or perfons liable to pay the fame refpfcCtively, to the common gaol or houfe of correction of the county, riding, aivifion, or place, where the offence (hall be committed, or fuch order as aforefaid lhall be made, for any time not exceeding three months; unlefs the faid penalty, forfeiture, cofts, or charges, (hall refpeCtively be fooncr paid: and if fuch offender or offenders, or perfon or perfons liable or ordered to pay the fame refpeCtively, (hall live out of the jurisdiction of the juftice or juf-tices hereby authorized to grant fuch warrant; it (hall and may be lawful for any juftice of the peace of the county, riding, divifion, or place, wherein fuch perfon (hall inhabit; and every fuch juftice is hereby required, upon requeft to him for that pur-pofe made, and upon a true copy of the conviction whereby fuch forfeiture or penalty was incurred, or of the order for the payment of fuch cofts or charges produced and proved by a credible witnefs upon oath, by warrant under his hand and feal, to caufe the penalty or forfeiture mentioned in fuch conviction, or the cofts or charges mentioned in fuch order, to.be levied by diftrefs and fale of the goods and chatties of fuch offender or fenders, or perfon or perfons liable or ordered to pay the fame

rcfpeCtivefji

1766.] Anno feptimo GfeofcGiJ III. c. 40/	44$

refpeftively, as aforefaid; and if no fufficient didrefs can be had, and for want to commit fuch offender or offenders, or perfon or perfons liable as aforefaid, to the common gaol or houle of correftion Of fuch commined. county, riding, divifion, or place, for the time and in manner aforefaid.

LII. Provided always, and be it enafted, That whatever pe- penajtjtg or nalty or forfeiture fhall be levied *or recovered on the information foifeitufes of the furveyor of any turnpike road, or of any toll-gatherer, or recovered on other perfon employed by the commiffiopers or truftees appoint- information ed for repairing the roads, and receiving falaries or rewards for coH^or* their fervices, fhall go and be applied to the amending of the faid	*	*

turnpike roads refpeftively, and to no other ufe or purpofe what- to be applied ever; any thing m this or any other aft to the contrary not- to the repair Withftanding.	of the road*.

LIII. And be it onafted. That every profecutor or informer profecutorior may, at his eleftion, fue for and recover any forfeiture or pe- informers at nalty impofed by this or any other aft or afts of parliament liberty to fue, made, or to be made, for erefting turnpikes, or for repairing cit£" th« and amending turnpike roads, in the fame manner as fuch for-fcitures and penalties are feverally and refpeftively direfted to be afts direft; fued for and recovered, or by aftion at law, to' be brought by ^ \n thc fuch informer or profecutor in any of his Majedy’s courts of re- courts of record in manner following (that is to fay) where any perfon fhall cot6> by ac-be liable to fuch pecuniary penalty, it fhall and may be lawful110,1 °* ocbt* to fue for and recover the fame by aftion of debt; in which it fhall be fufficient to declare, that the defendant is indebted to the plaintiff in the fum of	being

forfeited by an aft paffed in the feventh year of the reign of his ' prefent Majefty, intituled. An aft to explain, amend, and reduce tnto one aft of parliament, the general laws now in being for regulating the turnpike roads of this kingdom, and for other purpofes therein mentioned; and where the penalty or forfeiture is or fhall 0f trover 1 be of any horfe or bead of draught, or other goods, by an ac-tion of trover againd the perfon liable to fuch penalty or forfeiture, in which the faid forfeiture fhall be fufficient evidence of property to the plaintiff; and in which the value of fuch horfe, bead of draught, or other goods, as is or are liable to the forfeiture, fhall be given in damages, without any proof of fei- .

®ure or demand; and the plaintiff, if he recover in any fuch aftion, fhall have full cods: provided that there (hall not be titled to full more than one recovery for the fame offence; and that ten days cofts. notice, in writing, be given to the party offending, previous to No more than the commencement of fuch aftion; and that the fame be brought and commenced within one calendar month after the offence, offence; for which fuch aftion is brought, fhall have been committed, and notice alfo to be given to the pirty $ and aftion brought within a certain time.

• LIV. And be it further cnafted, That where any didrefs j^ef* for (hall be made for any fum or Anns of money to be levied by vir- money not tue of this aft, the didrefs itfelf fhall not be deemed unlawful, deemed un-0or the party or parties making the fame be deemed a trefpafler or trefpaffcrs, oi]l account of any default ot want of form in any ^rae^uthe

proceedings proceedings 1

444	Anno	feptimo	Georoii HI. c. 40.	[1766.

nor the party proceedings relating thereto; nor (hall the party or parties Sref at diftraining be deemed a trefpaflcr or trefpaflers ab initi$% on ac-imuo*on*c- count of any irregularity which (hall be afterwards done by the count of any party or parties diftrainmg; but the perfon or perfons aggrieved fubfequent by fuch irregularity, may recover full fatisfadtion for the fpecial irregularity. danr,age jn an a&ion on the cafe.

Plaintiff in	LV. Provided always, That no plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall re-

any action cover in any adtion for any fuch irregularity, trefpafs, or wrong-*not Procee(fings, tender of fufficient amends (hall be made by to Recover,0 or on behalf of the party or parties who (hall have com- 1 where tender mitted, or caufed to be committed, any fuch irregularity, tref-of amends has pafs, or wrongful proceedings, before fuch adtion brought: and feen15?dc bc “1 ca,c no loch tender (hall have been made, it (hall and may be brought?0 lawful for the defendants in arty fuch adtion, by leave ot the Defendant al- court where fuch adtion (hall depend^ at any time before iffue lowed to pay joined, to pay into court fuch fum of money as he or they (hall money into fa . whereupon fuch proceedings, or orders and judgements, Sie^oined? ^all be had, made, and given, in and by fuch court, as in other adtions where the defendant is allowed to pay money into court. Perfons ag- LVI. Provided alfo, and be it further enadted. That if grieved by the any perfon (hall think himfeif or herfelf aggrieved by any thing order of any done by any juftice or juftices of the peace, commiffioners, or truftees.°rnav truftccs» *n purfuance of this adt, and for which no particular appeal (where method of relief hath been already appointed; fuch perfon may not otherwise appeal to the juftices of the peace at any general quarter feffion* directed) to 0f the peace to be held for the county, riding, divifion, or place, quarter fef-	wherein the caufe of fuch complaint (hall arife, within fix months

Cons. ~	after the caufe of fuch complaint (hall have arifen; fuch appel*

Due notice to lant firft giving, or'eaufing to be given, to fuch juftice, com* be given of miffioners, or tru flees, by whofe adt or acts fuch perfon (hall *2°n t0 think himfeif or herfelf aggrieved, eight days notice at the leaft ™ 5 in writing of his or her intention to bring fuch appeal, and of and recog- the matter thereof; and within four days after fuch notice, en* mzance to be tering into recognizance before fome juftice of the peace for the entered into. fajj countyy riding, divifion, or place, with one fufficient furety,

- conditioned to try fuch appeal at, and abide the order of, am pay fuch cofts as (hall be awarded by, the juftices of fuch quar* Proceedings ter feflion ; and every juftice of the peace, and the commidioih bad in the ers or truftces, having received notice of fuch appeal as afore-cafe, to be re- fa|(is fhali return all proceedings whatever had before them re-th^court^n fpe<Stively> touching the matter of fuch appeal, to the faid jut forfeiture’of tices at their general quarter felfions aforefaid, on pain of for-5I.	feiting five pounds for every fuch neglect; and the faid juftice

Court to de- at fuch feffion, upon due proof of fuch notice being given u inatterin a* aforefaid, and of the entering into fuch recognizance, (hall heir fummary and finally determine the caufes and matters of fuch appeal in a way, and	fummary way, and award fuch cofts to the parties appealing or

award proper appealed againft as they, the faid juftices, (hall think proper; cottsi	to ^ ]evje(j anj recovered as herein before directed; and tire

Their deter- determination of fuch quarter fefiions (hall be final and conclu-be final*1l° ^ve 10 ^ “items an^ purpofes; and that no proceeding to be 4	had

ty66.]	Anno feptimo Georgii III: c. 40.	445

had or taken in purfuance of this aft (hall be quafhed or vacated Proceeding for want of form, or removed by Certiorari, or any other writ n°l **®°vc* or procefs whatfoever, into any of his Majefty’s courts of re-cord at Wejiminjier\ any law or ftatute to the conti ary notwith-(landing.

LV1I. Provided, That no fuch appeal (hall be made againd Where ap-any convidion, for the forfeiture of any horfe or other bead by Pca! »nade virtue of this ad, unlefs the perfon convided (hall, at the time cfnriaiorTfor of fuch convidion, give notice of his or her intention to appeal; t^c forfeiture and at the fame time enter into recognizance, with fufficient of any horfe, fureties, to pay the value of fuch horfe or other bead, in cafe &c\ fuch convidion (hall be affirmed upon fuch appeal; and upon 5|j3i^2jbe" his or her giving fuch fedurity, fuch horfe or other bead (hall £fVCI|8at the be forthwith delivered to fucn perfon.	timeofconvic-

tion, and recognizance, with fureties, entered into; and horfe to be therejpon returned.

LVni. And be it enaded. That where any oath is hereby Oaths fo be . required and direded to be made or taken, the judices of the peace of any county, riding, divifion, or place, or the trudees or t^SU^***0* commiffioners of any turnpike road, as the cafe may be, and according to the feveral jurifdidions herein given to them re-fpedively as aforefaid, (hall, and they are hereby refpedively ixnpowered to adminider the fame.

LIX. And be it further enaded. That this ad, and the fe- Commence-, veral powers, provifions, regulations, claufes, and matters there- tnent of tbit in contained, (hall commence and take effed on the twenty a^a ninth day of September next enfuing.

- LX. And be it further enaded. That if any adion or fuit Limitation*of (hall be commenced againd any perfon or perfons for any thing a&ons. done or aded in purfuance of this ad, then, and in every fuch cafe, fuch adion or fuit (hall be commenced or profecuted within three calendar months after the fad committed, and not afterwards ; and the fame, and every fuch adion or fuit, (hall be brought in the county, riding, divifion, or place, where the per-fbn againd whom fuch adion or fuit (hall be commenced doth ordinarily inhabit and reiide, or in the county, riding, divifion, or place, where the fad was committed, and not elfewhere; and the defendant or defendants, in every fuch adion or fuit, (hall and may plead the general iflue, and give this ad, and the fpe- General iffuej rial matter, in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuance and by the authority of this ad: and if the fame (hall appear to have been fo done, or if any fuch adion or fuit (hall be brought after the time limited for bringing the fame, or be brought and laid in any other county, riding, divifion, or place, than as afore-mentioned, then the juiy (hall find for the defendant or defendants; or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall become nonfuit, or difeontinue his, her, or their adion, after the defendant of defendants (hall have fepp&red; or if, upon demurrer, judgement (hall be given

Kind the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants

II and may recover treble cods, and have the like remedy for Treble cofit Recovery thereof, as any defendant or defendants hath or have la any other cafes by law.

Voi. XXVII,	G	g	LXI,	And

Repeal of fo much of the feveral adi following, as relate to turnpikes; viz. ad 1 Geo. a 5

5 Geo. 2 5

t Geo. 2 I

■J4 Geo. % j

si Geo. i)

jWilL&Mary except wli at relates to the rate for carnage ot goods j a4. Giu. t. exet pt what relates to the pi eventing luifcliiet ocelli jnrd l)y drivers tiding

II | I II (‘II tsf

&c.;nLomlon:

16 Geo. a >

*8 Geo. 2, except lu

Anno feptimo GeoRgiI 111. c. 40-	£1766*

LXI. And be it further enaded, That from and after the twenty eighth day of September next, fo much of an ad made in the full year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second (intituled. An aft for punijhing Jiub perfons as Jball wil* fully and malicioufly pull down or deftroy turnpikes for repairing high-ways; cr locks, or other works ere tied by authority of parliament ^for making riven navigable) as relates to turnpikes; as alfo fo much, ot an ad parted in the fifth year of his late majefty King George the Second (intituled. An aft to explain, amend, and render mm effeftual, tin aft paj/ed in the firji year of bis prefent Majefty* s reign, intituled, An act for punifhing fuch perfons as fhall wilfully and nialicioully pull down or deltroy turnpikes for repairing high* ways; or locks, or other works erected by authority of parliament, for making rivers navigable) as relates to turnpikes; as alfo fo much of an ad pafled in the eighth year of his late majefty King George the Second (intituled, An aft for rendering the laws more effeftual for punijhing fuch perfons as /hall wilfully arJ tnalicioujly pull down or deftroy turnpikes for repairing highways; or locks, or other works erefted by acl of parliament, for making rivers navigable; and for other purpojes therein mentioned) as relates to turnpikes; as alfo fo much of an ad palled in the fourteenth year of his late majefty King George the Second (intituled, Jm aft for the prefervation of the publitk roads in that part of Great Britain called England, as relates to the turnpike roads of this kingdom ; as alfo an ad pafTed in the twenty firft year of his late majefty King George the Second (intituled. An aft to explain ani amend an aft paff'cd in the fourteenth year of his Majefty s reign, inti-tuled, An ad for the prefervation of the publick roads in that part of Great Britain called England); and fo much of an ad pafled in the third year of the reign of King IVilliam and Queen t Mary (intituled. An aft for the better repairing and amending the highways, andfor fettling the rates of the carriage of goods, as relates to the fettling the rates of the carriage of goods) except fo much thereof as relates to the rate or price tor carriage of goods; as alfo an ad pafled in the twenty fourth year of his late majefty King George the Second (intituled. An aft for the more effeftud prefervation of the turnpike roads in that part of Great Britain cclUl England ; and for the difpsjition of penalties given by afts of parka* went relating to the highways in that part of Great Britain eallei England, and for enforcing the recovery thereof; and for the m:rt effectual presenting of milchief ouajwud by the drivers riding upon iivts, drays, cans, and waggons, in the city 0/" London, and within fen miles tier if) except fo much thereof as relates to the preventing mifehief occaiioned by the drivers riding upon carts, drays, carrs, and waggons, in the city of London; as alfo another ai t parted in the twenty iixth year of the reign of his lats majefty King George the Second (intituled. An aft for the amend* merit and prefervation of the public highways and turnpike roads sf this kingdom, and Jor the more effeftual execution of tbt laws relating thereto) as alio an ad parted in the twenty eighth year of his late majefty King Gegrge the Second (intituled, An aft to amend on

1766,] Anno feptimo GeoRGH III. c.41.	447

a ft made in the twenty fixth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, mwch thereof intituled, An adt for the amendment and prefervation of the publick highways and turnpike roads of this kingdom, and for &£p the more effectual execution of the laws relating thereto) except fo much thereof as continues the adts then made for repairing and amending turnpike roads, fubjedt to the tolls and duties by fuch adts refpedtively granted; as alfo an adt parted in the thirtieth year of his late majefty King George the Second (intituled,

An aft for enlarging the times for the firjl meetings of commijfioners 30 Geo. 1 j or truflees, for putting in execution certain afts of this fejfion of parliament) and alfo another adt pafled in the thirtieth year of his faid late majefty King George the Second (intituled, An aft to 30 Geo. render more effectual the feveral laws now in beings for the amendment and prefervation of the public highways and turnpike roads of this kingdom) as alfo an a St pafled in the thirty firft year of his late majefty King George the Second (intitulea. An aft for enlarging 3* Geo* *1 the times for the firjl meetings of commijjioners or truflees, for putting in execution certain afts of this fejfions of parliament, and for other purpofes therein mentioned) as alfo an adt pafled in the fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty (intituled. An aft to continue 5 G*0* 31 part of an aft made in the thirtieth year of the reign of his late ma-jefly King George the Second, intituled, An adt to render more ef-fedtual the feveral laws now in being, for the amendment and prefervation of the public highways and turnpike roads of this kingdom, and for making further provifions for the prefervation of the faid roads) as alfo an adt pafled in the fixth year of his prefent majefty (intituled, An aft for explaining, amending, and and $ Gw. jj further enforcing, the execution of two Jeveral afts, one made in the twenty fixth year of his late Majefty, and the other in the fifth year of bis prefent Majefty's reign, for the amendment and prefervation of the public highways and turnpike roads of this kingdom; and for obliging mortgagees taking pojfeffion of toll-gates on turnpike roads, and ■toll-gatherers appointed by them, to account) (hall be, and the fame mre hereby repealed.

CAP. XLI.

aft to enable bis Majefty to put the cuftpms, and other duties, in the Britifh dominions in America, and the execution of the laws relating to trade there, under the management of commijfioners to be appointed for that purpofe, and to be refident in the faid dominions.

^ITT HERE AS in purfuance of cm aft of parliamentmade in the Preamble* re. - VV twenty fifth year of the rftgn of King Charles the	citing	aft	»j

intituled. An act for the encouragement of the Greenland and Car. a*

WBaft land trades, -and for the better fecuring the plantation trade,

*$be rates and duties impofei by that9 and feveral fubfequent afts of •parliament, upon various goods imported into, or exported from, the ^Britifh colonies and plantations in America, have been put under the Apanogemnt of the commiffimrs ofthecuftomtin, England for the -1	G g 2	time

44*	Ann6	feptimo	GeoRGII HI. c. 4i.	[t 766;

///&/ by and under the authority and directions of the high tree* furer, or commiffioners of the treafury for the time being: and where-as the officers appointed for the collection of the faid rates and duties, in America, are obliged to apply to the Jaid commijjioners of the cuj-toms in England for their fpecial in firu Chons and directions, upon every part icular doubt and difficulty which arifes in relation to the payment of the faid rates and duties \ whereby all perfons concerned a the commerce and trade of the faid colonies and plantations, arc greedy obf rutted and delayed in the carrying on and tranjading of their buf-nefs: and wbci'tas the appointing of commiffioners to be rejident in fome convenient part of his Majeftfs dominions in America,' and to be invejled with fuch powers as are now exercifed by the commiffioners of the cujloms in England by virtue of the laws in being, would relieve the faid merchants and traders from the faid inconvemencics, teoi to the encouragement of commerce, and to the better fecuring of th faid rates and duties, by the more fpeedy and effectual collection thereof; be it therefore enabled by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice ana confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and His Majefty by the authority of the fame. That the cuftomt and other duties impofed, by any adt or adts of parliament, upon any goods of Homs, and merchandizes brought or imported into, or exported or carried other duties from, any Britijb colony or plantation in America, may, froa in the Britifh time to time, be put under the management and direction of colonies in fUch commiffioners, to refide in the faid plantations, as his Ms* deiMhema-11* h*s heirs, and fucceffors, by his or their commiflion of statement of commiflions under the great feal of Great Britain, (hall judge to commiffioners be moft for the advantage of trade, and fecurity of the revenot to be retident Qf thc fajj Britijb colonies j any-law, cuftom, or ufage, to the *	contrary notwithftanding.

with regaudVo H* And it is hereby further enadted by the authority afore-carrying into faid. That the faid commiffioners fo to be appointed, or an} execution the three or more of them, fhall have the fame powers and autbo-laws relating rjtjcs for carrying into execution the feveral laws relating to the nues andVC revenues and trade of the faid Britijb colonies in America, s trade of the were, before the pafling of this adt, exercifed by the commit faid colonies, fioners of the cuftoms in England, by virtue of any adt or a$ The Crown Qf parliament now in force: and it (nail and may be lawful® fijch°ccm^ an<* ^or k,s Majefty, his heirs, and fucceffors, in fuch commit fions, to make fion or commiflions, to make provifion for putting in executks provifion for the feveral laws relating to the cuftoms and trade of the (aid jBrt

flje execution tiff colonies; any law, cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary not-of the faid	J

laws there withltanding.

-Deputations, HI- Provided always, and it is hereby further ena&ed by the &c. granted authority aforefaid. That all deputations, and other authentic* by the com- granted by the commiffioners of the cuftoms in England beta Se olitolis Pa®n8 this a<a> or which may be granted by them befall in England, any commiflion or commiflions (hall iflue in punuance of this to be in force adt, to any officer or officers adting in the faid colonies or pta-there. rill re- tations, (hall continue in force as fully, to all intents and par* uxafury7 ™ pofes, as if this adt had not been made, until the deputation*

449

1766.] Anno ieptimo Georgn III. c. 42.

pr other authorities, To granted to fuch officer or officers refpec-lively, (hall be revoked, annulled, or made void, by the high treafurer of Great Britain, or commiflioners of the treafury (or the time being.

CAP. XLII.

An aft to explain, amende and reduce into one aft of parliament , the fiveral ftatutes now in being for the amendment and prefervation of the publick highways of this kingdom \ and for other purpofes therein mentioned.

tT7 H E R E A S the feveralJiatutes now in being fir the amend* Preamble.

V V went and prefervation of the highways of this kingdom, art very numerous, and\ in fome refpeCtsy ineffectual: And whereas the \ood purpofes thereby* intended might be better effected\ if the faid latutes were entirely repealed, and reduced into one aft; be it herefore enadled by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and vjth the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, nd commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the tuthority of the fame, That from henceforth, upon the twenty scond day of September, in every year, unlefs that day (hall be Annual lifts 1mtnday, and then on the day following, the condables, head- to be mmde roroughs, tythingmen, churchwardens, furveyor or furveyors outioSeptem* >f the highways, and houfholders, being affefied to any pa-ochial or publick rate, of every parifh, townfhip, or place, toofperfons, or which furveyors of the highways have been ufually appointed (hall aflemble together at the church or chapel or fuch pa-ilh, townfhip, or place; or if there be (hall no. church or chapel, hen at the ufual place of publick meetings for fuch parifh, ownfhip, or place, at the hour of eleven in the forenoon; nd the major part of them fo aflembled, (hall make a lift of qualified to be names of, at lead, ten perfons living within fuch refpedtivc ariihes, townfhips, or places, who each of them have an hSiwaysi ftate in lands, tenements, or hereditaments, lying within uch refpc6Uve parifh, townfhip, or place, in their own right, ir in the right of their wives, of the value of ten pounds >y the year, or a perfonal edate of the value of one hundred rounds, or are occupiers or tenants of houfes, lands, tene-nents, or hereditaments, of the yearly value of thirty pounds: ind if there (hall not be ten perlons, having fuch qualification in aforefaid ; then they (hall infert in fuch lid the names of fo nany of fuch perfons as are fo qualified as above required, tor (ether with the names of fo many of the mod fufficient and ible inhabitants of fuch pari(h, townfhip, or place, not fo pialified, as (hall make up the number ten, if fo many can be pund; if not, fo many as (hall be there reddent, to ferve the lie office of furveyor of the highways: and the condable, bead- The ^ to rorough, or tythingman, of fuch parifh, townfhip, or place, be returned tq hall return fuch lid unto two or more judices of the peace of the jafticct a$ lie county, riding, divifion, city, corporation, precinlt, or their fperitl iberty, in which fuch parifh, townfhip, or place, (hall be, at their fpecial feffions to be held for that purpofc, on the firft

98 3

45<>

and notice to be given to the perfons named therein to attend.

The juftices *»c to give timely notice ot holding the faid feflions j

Anno feptimo GeoRGII III. c. 4*,	[1766.

Monday in Oftobcr next following, or within fifteen days after, in every year ; and (hall alfo, within three days after the making the faid lift, give perfonal notices to, or caufe notices in writing to be left at, the places of abode of the feveral perfons contained in fuch lift, informing them of their being fo named, to the intent that they may feverally appear before the juftices at the faid fpccial feflions, to accept fuch office, if they (hall be appointed thereto, or to (hew caufe, if they have any, againft their being appointed; and the faid juftices are hereby authorized and required to hold fuch fpecial feflions at fuch convenient place or places within their rdpedlive jurifdiftions, as they in their diferetion (hall judge proper ; and to give notice or the time and place where they intend to hold the fame, to the conftables, hcadboroughs, or tythingmen, of every fuch parifh, townfhip, cr place, at leaft ten days before the holding of the faid feffion; and the faid juftices, then and there, from the faid lifts, according to their diferetion and the large-nefs of the pariih, townfliip, or place refpecHvely, by warrant and are to no- under their hands and feals, (hall nominate or appoint one, or minate fuch a two, or more of fuch perfons as aforefaid, to be furveyoror number to be furveyors of the highways of every fuch pari(h, town (hip, of place refpedtively, for the year enfuing; which nomination and appointment (hall, by the conftables, headboroughs, or ty-thin^men aforefaid, be notified to the perfon or perfons lb nominated, clvofen, and appointed, by the faid juftices, with* in three days after fuch nomination, by ferving him or them with the faid warrant or warrants, or by leaving the fame, or a true copy thereof, at his or their houfe or houfes, or ufual place or places of abode; and the perfon or perfons fo nominated and appointed, (hall be furveyor or furveyors of the highways for the pariih, townfliip, or place, for which he or thej (hall have been fo nominated and appointed, for the year enfuing, and (hall take upon him or them, and duly execute, the office aforefaid ; and the faid juftices (hall then and there give fuch of the faid furveyors as (hall perfonally appear before them, a charge for the better performance of their duty according to the directions of this a<ft: and if any of the faid perfons fo nominated, and ferved with the faid notice, (hall refufe or ncgleA to appear and accept the faid office, if appointed thereto in manner aforefaid, at the faid fpecial feffion, or (hall not, within fix days after being ferved with fuch warrant of'appointment, fignify his or their acceptance thereof, either in perfon, or by writing, to one of the faid juftices ; he or they fo refufing or and others are neglecting, (hall forfeit the fum of five pounds: and in cafe to he appoint-0f fuch neglcdt or refufal as aforefaid, the faid juftices, oranj two of them, are hereby impowered at the fame feflions, or it any time afterwards, to nominate and appoint fomc other fit perfon or perfons named in the faid lift, to perform the faid office; who, upon being ferved with the warrant for his or their appointment, in manner aforefaid, (hall, within onq week afterwards, fignify to the faid juftices, or one of than* x	either

furveyors, as they /hall judge necef-tary 5

and the conftables are to notify fuch nomination accordingly.

Office of furveyor to be for 1 year\

and the juftices are to give them a charge.

Where the perfons nominated neglett or refufe to ferve, they forfeit 5I.

Cd :

■1766,] Anno feptimo GeoRgii III. c. 42!	451

either in perfon, or by writing, his or their acceptance of the faid office; and if he or they neglect or refufe fo to do, he or they (hall forfeit the like fum of five* pounds refpeftively : an.^ Jtifinfi? ^rfeit in cafe no fuch lift (hall be returned, or the perfon fo nomi- s/. ii£cwife. nated and appointed (hall not take upon him the faid office, or ifno fhall die in the execution thereof; the faid juftices or any two returned, or of them, fhall and may nominate and appoint fuch perfon or the gerfom perfons as he or they (hall think proper to execute the fame : ordaintheir and if the conftables, headboroughs, tythingmen, church- . tjie wardens, furveyors of the highway, and fuch houlholders as juftices are to aforefaid, of any parifti, townfhip, or place, fhall negleft or appoint fuch refufe to make fuch lift as aforefaid, or if the conftables, head- aj^eyth,n* boroughs, or tythingmen, of any parilh, townfhip, or place, propcr# or fome or one of them, fhall not return the faid lift of names mak-when made, and give fuch notice or notices, and ferve fuch ing, or return-warrant or warrants, as in this act is directed; every of them ing, fuch lifts, fo neglecting or refuting in any of the faid cafes, (hall, for or giving due eveiy fuch default refpeftively, forfeit the fum of forty (hillings. notice, «c. to

II.	Provided always, and be it further enafted, That if two *7*'P*r*|e»-parts out of three of the perfons fo to be afiembled in any fuch ^^ce^ball be parith, townfhip, or place, for the nomination of furveyors is makeof a per-aforefaid, (hall agree in the choice of any particular perfon of fon of (kiU fkill and experience to ferve the faid office of furveyor for fuch and **P«ri-

}>ari(h, town(hip, or place, and in the fettling of a certain falary ^alaiy * or his trouble therein, to be allowed as hereafter directed, and fettled for iiis fhall return the name of fuch perfon, together with the lift here- trouble, in before direded, to the juftices of the peace at their faid feflions, and he hereto be held on the firft Monday in Oflober as aforefaid, or within turned roge-fifteen days after; that then, and in every fuch cafe, it (hall and |!|£r with thc may be lawful for the faid juftices, if they (hall think proper, tp 1 \ appoint fuch perfon to be furveyor for fuch parilh, townfhip,	**

or place; which furveyor fo appointed fhall, in all refpeCts, proper,may have the fame power and authority, and be liable to the fame appoint fuch penalties and forfeitures for negleft of duty, as if he had been perfon i chofen and appointed from the lift to be returned as aforefaid : and allow fuch and the faid juftices (hall likewife, in their diferetion, allow **,ary* fuch falary, fo fettled as aforefaid (fuch falary to be paid out of the fame to he the penalties, forfeitures, and competition-money, to arife by penaU^&c virtue of this aft, within the year enfuing).	p *

III.	And be it further enafted, That no tree, bufh, or (hrub, No tree or fhall be permitted to (land or grow in any highway within the to be al-diftance of fifteen feet from the center thereof; but the fame oTtoid°wUh!! fhall be cut down, grubbed up, and carried away, by the ;n l5fCet of owner or owners of the land or foil where the fame dotli or the center of fhall (land or grow, within ten days after notice to him, her, the highway, Or them, or his, her, or their, fteward or agent, given, by the forfeiture faid furveyors, or any of them, on pain of forfeiting for every Qf IOJ# the pegleft, the fum of ten (hillings.	owner.

IV.	And be it further enafted. That thc pofleflors of the Regulations land next adjoining to any highway (hall, from time t° time, “ spid at all times, keep their hedges plaftied, cut, or pruned, ^~

Qg 4-

right

^ A

ground*i

•Penalty on default io/.

No ftone or other matter fo he laid in

452	Anno	flptimo	Georgii III. c. 42.	[1766.

next adjoin- right up from the roots, fo as no tree, bu(h, or lhruby belong* ing to any jng to (Uch hedge, (hall (land or grow in, nor any bought refpcdf ^ranc^ °f any fuch trcc (except timber trees, and trees not be-lceeping their ing pollards) be fuffered to hangover, any highway, not being hedges,	thirty feet broad; and that ditches, drains, or watercourfes,

ditches,	of a iufficient depth and breadth for the keeping all highways dry,

anc* convcy*n8 l^e watcr from the fame, (hall be made, fcoured, “rfc,f deanfed, and kept open, and fufneient trunks, tunnels, platts, ne!s 1piatts 'or or b^ges, (hall be made and laid where any cart-ways lead out bridges, in ** °f *hc faid highways into the lands or grounds adjoining thereto^ proper older.	by the occupier or occupiers of fuch lands or grounds ; and

and by the	every perfon or perfons who (hall occupy any lands or grounds

occupiers of adjoining to, or lying near, fuch highway through which the adjoining water hath ufed to pafs from the laid highway, fhall, and is hereby required, from time to time, as often as occalion (hall be, to open, cleanfe, and fcour, the ditches, watercourfes, or drains, for fuch water to pafs without obftrudtion j and that every perfon making default in any of the matters or things aforefaid, after ten days notice to him, her, or them, given of the fame by the faid furveyor or furveyors, (hall forfeit the fum of ten (hillings.

V.	And be it further enafted, That no perfon or perfons (hall lay in any highway any ftone, timber, ftraw, dung, or

the'higbway; otbcr matter; and no perfon making, fcouring, or deanfiog, or foil of * fuch ditches or watercourfes, (hall permit the foil or earth dug ditches; to out of fuch ditches, drains or watercourfes, to remain in fuch the obftruc- highway, in fuch manner to obftruct or prejudice the fame, d'ice thereof1* f°r t^e fpacc of ten days; and every perfon or perfons offending on penalty of in either of the faid cafes, (hall, for every offence, forfeit and aojj	pay the fum of ten (hillings.

VI.	And be it further enafled. That if any ftone, or any

and where any hay, ftraw, ftubble, or other matter, for the making of m*-here& "tol nurc» or on any otbcr pretence whatfoever, not tolerated by rau^Jthairbe ^is adt, fhall be laid m any highway, within the diftance of fo laid, within fifteen feet from the centre thereof, whereby the fame (1 all b? 15 feet of the any ways obftrudled or annoyed, it (hall ana maybe lawful for centre, the owner or poiTeflor of the lands adjacent, or any other perfon theacTnCr orPcr^on8 whatfoever, to clear the faid highways, by removing lands may1	faid ftone, hay, ftraw, dung, or other matter, and to

remove, have, take, and difpofe of, the fame to his and their own ufe. and difpofe of the lame to his own ufe.

camfimr any VII. And, for preventing obftrudlions in the faid highways, Qbftmaion in be it enadted, That if any perfon (hall wilfully, fet, place, or the highways leave, any waggon, cart, or any other carriage, or any plough or by carriages, inftrument of hufoandry, in any of the faid highways (except °f	only with refpedt to fuch waggon, cart, or carriage, during fuch

reasonable time as the fame (hall be loading or unloading) fo as to interrupt or hinder the free paflage of any other carriage, or of his Majefty’s fubje&s; cVcry perfon fo offending (hall forfeit Surveyor's the fum of ten (hillings. -

duty on rak- * VIII. And be it further enadted, That the furveyor or fqr-BAga view of VCy0rl pf the highways, to be appointed by virtue of this aff.

1766.] Anno fepdmo Georg 11 III. c. 4a.:

ihal], at fuch times and feafons as they (hall judge proper, view all the roads, common highways, trunks,,tunnels, platts, bridges, caufeways, and pavements, within the parifh, town-lhip, or place,, for which he or they (hall be appointed furveyor or furveyors; and in cafe he or they (hall obferve any xiuifances, incroachments, obftruCtions, or annoyances, made, committed, or permitted, in, upon, or to the prejudice of them, or any of them, contrary to the directions of this aCt; he or they (hall, from time to time, as foon as conveniently may be, give, or caufe to be given, to any perfon or perfons, doing, committing, or permitting, the fame, perfonal notice, or notice in writing, to be left at his, her, or their ufual places of abode, Ipecifying the particulars wherein fuch nuifances, defaults, obftruCtions, or annoyances, confift: and if fuch nui&nces, obftruCtions, or annoyances, (hall not be removed, and the ditches; drains, gutters, and watercourfes aforefaid, effectually made, fcoured, cleanfed, and opened, and fuch trunks, tunnels, platts, or bridges, made and laid, and fuch hedges properly Cut and pruned, within twenty days after fuch notice of the fame refpeCtively given $ then the faid furveyor or furveyors (hall be, and he and they is and are hereby, fully authorized and impowered, within twenty days afterwards, to remove fuch nuifances, obftruCtions, or annoyances, and open, cleanfe, and fcour, fuch ditches, gutters, and watercourfes, and make or a-mend fuch trunks, tunnels, platts, or bridges, and cut and prune fuch hedges, for the benefit and improvement of the faid highways, to the beft of his or their (kill and judgement, and according to the true intent and meaning of this aCt; and the perfon or perfons fo neglecting to make, or open and cleanfe, fuch ditches, gutters, or watercourfes, or to cut or prune fuch hedges, during the time aforefaid, after fuch notice given, (hall forfeit, for every foot in length which (hall be fo negleCted, the fuip of one penny ; and the faid furveyor or furveyors (hall be reimburfed what charges and expences he or they (hall be at in {p(noving fuch nuifances, obftruCtions, or annoyances, and snaking or opening, cleanfingand fcouring, fuch ditches, gutters, and watercourfes, and in making or amending fuch trunks, ipnnels, platts, or bridges, and in cutting and pruning fuch hedges refpeCtively, by the perfon or perfons who ought to have done the fame, over and above the faid forfeiture : and in cafe fuch perfon or perfons (hall upon demand, refufe or negleCt to pay the faid furveyor or furveyors his or their charges and expenses occafioned thereby refpeCtively, then the faid furveyor or furveyors (hall apply to any juftice of the peace as aforefaid ; gnd, upon making oath before him of notice being given to the defaulter in manner aforefaid, and of the faid work being done by fuch furveybr of furveyors, and of the expences attending the fame, the faid furveyor or furveyors (hall be repaid by fuch perfon or perfons all fuch his or their faid charges as (hall be allowed to be reafonable by the faid juftice; or in default of j^yment thereof, on demand| the fame (hall be levied in fuch *.• i	manner

453

the (late and condition of the roads and highways within his di« drift, in re-fipeft of nidr lances, iq-croachments, obftruftions, or annoyances $

wherein be if to give notice te the parties to remove the fame 3

and if they negleft, he is to employ men to do it %

in which cafe, the defaulters forfeit \d,ptr foot, over and above the charges to be reimburfed to the furveyor 1

and if not paid on demand, to be levied by war* rant of a jiUtice.

*54

Anno feptimo Georgii III. C. 42.	[1765.

manner as the penalties and forfeitures hereby infii&ed are directed to be levied.	•

Timet of cut- IX. Provided neverthelefs. That no perfon or perfons be | ting hedges* compelled, nor any furveyor permitted, by virtue of this act, to | cut or prune any hedge at any other time than between the laft *nd of fcll',nS day of September and the laft day of February; and that nothing 1 timber tree*, hcrejn contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to oblige any perfon or perfons to fell any timber trees growing in hedges at any time whatfoever, except where the highways fhall be ordered to oak trees, be enlarged as herein after mentioned; or to cut down or grub up any oak trees growing within fuch highway, or in fuch Ix.agrowh?g hedges, except in the months of Aprils May, June, or July, in the hedges or any a(h, elm, or other trees, in any other months than the or highways, months of December, January, or February.

Surveyor is to X. And be it further enacted, That where the ditches, gut-snake new ters, or watercourfes, which have been ufually made, or which ditches, are herein before directed to be made, cleanfed, and kept open, drains, gut- fhall not be fufficient to carry off the water which fhall lie upon tercourfesa" an<* annoY the highways; that then, and in every fuch cafe, it where the old Hiall and may be lawful for the faid furveyor or furveyors (by the are infuffici- order of any one or more of the faid juftices) to make new ent, and to ditches and drains in and through the faid lands or grounds ad-fcoured #mC j°*nmS or tying ncar to fuch highway, or in and through any cleanfed, and other lands or grounds if it fhall be neceffary, for the more eafy opened, and effectually carrying off fuch water from the faid highways;

and alfo to keep fuch ditches, gutters, or watercourfes, fcoured, cleanfed, and opened; and the faid furveyor or furveyors, and his and their workmen, are hereby authorized to go upon the faid with proper lands for the purpofes aforefaid : provided that the faid furveyor trunks, tun- or furveyors make proper trunks, tunnels, platts, bridges, or bri decsor* arches, over fuch ditches, gutters, or watercourfes, where the arches, over fame fhall be neceffary, for the convenient ufe and enjoyment of the fame* the lands or grounds through which the fame fhall be made, and, making fatis- ^rom time to time, ^eeP the fame in repair; and do alfo make faction to the fatisfa&ion to the owner or occupier of fuch lands, which are owner &c. not wafte or common, for the damages which he, fhe, or they, of the lands, fhall fuftain thereby, to be fettled and paid in fuch manner as the damages for getting materials in feveral or inclofed lands or grounds are hereafter directed to be fettled and paid.

Me is to make XI. And be it further enacted, That the faid furveyor or fur-the cartways veyors of the highways fhall, and they arc hereby required to leading to make every cartway, leading to any market town, twenty feet towns	wide at	^ ground> between the fences inclofing the

feet wide at road, will admit of the fame; and, from time to time, to re-leaft,	pair and fuftain the fame to the breadth aforefaid; and that

and the where horfe caufeways are ufed, or fhall be judged proper, they horfecaufe- fhall not be lefs than three feet in breadth, ways 3 feet, & keep the fame in repair.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where fctoximAy* ^all aPPcar> upon the vicw of any two or more of the faid order narrow juftices of peace, that the ground or foil of any highway between

1766.] Anno feptimo Georgii III. c. 42.

tween the fences thereof is not of fufficient breadth, they (hall, and are hereby impowered, within their refpe&ive jurisdidions, to order the fame to be enlarged or widened in fuch manner as they (hall think hr, fo that the faid highway, when enlarged, fhall not exceed thirty feet in breadth; and that the faid power do not extend to pull down any houfe or building, or to take away the ground of any garden, park, paddock, court or yard: and for the fatisfa&ion of the peribn or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, who are feized or po defied of, or interefted, in their own right, or in truft for any other perfon or perfons, in the faid ground that (hall be laid into the faid highway, the faid fur-veyor or furveyors, under the direction and with the approbation of the faid juftices, (hall, and are hereby impowered to make *n agreement with him, her, or them, for the recompencc to be made for fuoh ground, and for the making a new ditch and fence on that fide of the highway which (hall be fo enlarged, according and in proportion to their feveral and refpedtive interefts therein ; and alfo with any other perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, that may be injured by the enlarging fuch highway, for the fatisfaftion to be made to him, her, or them, re(pediively, as aforefaid ; and if the faid furveyor or furveyors, under the direction and with the approbation or the faid juftices, cannot agree with the faid perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, or if he, (he, or they, cannot be found, or (hall re-fufc to treat, or take fuch recompence and fatisfa&ion as (hall be pfTered to them refpedtively by fuch furveyor; then the juftices of the peace, at any general quarter feflions to be holden forth© county, riding, divifion, city, corporation, precinct, or liberty, wherein fuch ground (hall lie, upon certificate, in writing, figned by the juftices making fuch view as aforefaid, of their proceedings in the premifles, and upon proof of fix days notice in writing having been given by the furveyor or furveyors of fuch pari(h, townfhip, or place, or one of them, to the owner, occupier, or other perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, interefted in fuch ground, or to his, her, or their guardian, truftec, clerk,or agent, fignifying an intention toapplyto fuch quarter fef-fions for the purpofe of taking fuch ground, fhall impanel a jury of twelve difinterefted men out of the perfons returned, to fcrve as jurymen at fuch quarter feflions: and the faid jury (hall, upon their oaths, to the beft of their judgement, affefs the damages to be given, and recompence to be made, to the owners and Others interefted a9 aforefaid in the faid ground, for their ref-pective interefts, as they (hall think reafonable, not exceeding thirty years purchafe for the clear yearly value of the ground fo laid out; and likewife fuch recompence as they (hall think rca-fonable for the making of a new ditch and fence to that fide of the highway that (hall be fo enlarged ; and alfo fatisfa&ion to any perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, that may be otherwife injured by the enlarging the faid highways: and upon payment or tender of the money fo to be awarded and af-iefled, to the perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate,

•	* ■	4	intitled

455

roads to be widened to a fufficient breadth.

Surveyor in fuch cafes, under the di« re&ion, and with the approbation of the faid ju-ftiecs, is to make agreement with the owners of the foil, for the recompence ; and for making new ditch* es and fences; and if he can’t agree, the damage and recompence is to be alfefied by a juryi

and upon payment or tender of the money afleff-fed, &c.

'4 5«	Anno feptimo Georgii III. C. 42.*	[1766.

intitled to receive the fame, or leaving it in the hands of the clerk of the peace of fuch county, riding, divifion, city, corpora tion, precinct, or liberty, in ca(e fuch perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, cannot be found, or (hall refufe to accept a^<Feemeddi-the fame f°r the ufe of the owner, or of others interefted in the vefted of their laid ground, the intereft of the faid perfon or perfons, bodies interest (ex- politick or corporate, in the faid ground, (hall be for ever diverted out of tl>em; and the faid ground, after fuch agreement or verdidf as aforefaid, (hall be efteemed and taken to be a pub-lick highway to all intents and purpofes whatfoever; faving ne-

cept with regard to certain particulars) and the

ground from verthelefs to the owner or owners of fuch ground, all mines, thenceforth is minerals, and foflils, lying under the fame, which can or may ^pubhek*1^ ** Sot w,thout breaking the furface of the faid highway 5 and

highway.

Where there Is not money iuificient for

alfo all timber and wood growing upon fuch ground, to be fallen and taken by fuch owner or owners, within one month after fuch order (hall have been made, or, in default thereof, to be fallen by the faid furreyor or furveyors within the refpedtive months aforefaid, and laid upon the land adjoining, for the benefit of the faid owner or owners; and where there (hall not appear fufficient money in the hands of the furveyor or furveyors for the purpofes aforefaid, then the faid two juftices, in cafo or the faid court of quarter fefiions, after fuch* ihrveyor’s verdidt as aforefaid, (hall order one or more afieflment or afiefi"-Kinds, it is to ments to be made, levied, and colledted, upon all and every the be raifed by occupiers of lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in the ref-onderofthe Pc<^ve parifhes, townfhips, or places, where fuch highways faid juftices, foall he, an<* diredl the money to be paid to the perfon or per-or the quarter Tons, bodies politick or corporate, fo interefted, in fuch man-feffions* per as the faid juftices, or court of quarter fefiions refpedtively, (hall diredt and appoint; and the money thereby raifed (hall be employed and accounted for according to the order and diredli-on of the faid juftices, or court of quarter fefiions refpe&ively, for and towards the purchafing the land to enlarge the faid highways, and for the making the faid ditches and fences : and the faid afieflment or afieflments, if not paid within ten days after demand, (hall, by order of the faid juftices, or court of quarter fefiions refpedtively, be levied by the faid furvevor or furveyors, by diftrefs and fale of the goods of the perfons fo afiefled, rendering the overplus of the value of the goods fo diftrained to the owner or owners thereof, the necefiary charges of making fuch diftrefs and fale being firft deducted; provided that no fuch afieflment or afieflments to be made in any one

!rear (hall exceed the rate of (ix pence in the pound of the year-y value of the lands, tenements, and hereditaments, fo afiefled. If the recom- ' XIII. And be it further enadted, That in cafe fuch jury (hall pence affeffed give in arid deliver a verdidt or afieflment for more monies as by the jury be a recommence for the right, intereft, or property, of any per-fhatcSferedby ^Dn or P^ons, bodies politick or corporate in fuch lands or the JUrveyor, grounds, or for the making fuch fence, or for fuch damage of injury to be fuftained by him, her, or them, refpedtively, as aforefaid, than what (hall hayc been propofed. and offered by

457

| Anno feptimo Georoii HI. C; 4i.

1 furveyor, before fuch application to the faid cotart of feflions as aforefaid; that then, and in fuch cafe, the the expence of Id expences attending the faid feveral proceedings (hall be the proceed-and paid by the furveyor or furveyors of the (aid high- ina$* “ it of the monies in his or their hands, or to be affefted Purveyor ; C fitd as aforefaid, by virtue, and under the powers, of this ut if fuch jury (h^ll give and deliver a verdidk or afleff- if otfterwife, or no moi*e, or for lefs, monies than (hall have been fo the parties re-[ and propofed by the faid furveyor, before fuch applica- pay^^fame.

> the faid court or quarter feflions; that then the faid cofts p y :pences (hall be borne and paid by the perfon or perfons, politick or corporate, who (hall have refufed to accept th9 pence and fatisfadtion fo offered to him, her, or them, as iid.

f. And be it further enacted, That every furveyor (hall furveyor is to iay, from time to time, give information, upon oath, to d juftices, or any two or more of them, of all fuch high- tive highways and of all bridges, caufeways, or pavements, upon fuch bridges,&c. ays, as are out of repair, and ought to be repaired by any ** ought to be , or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, by reafon of L^rticufar ant, tenure, limitation, or appointment of any charita- j^xfoiui t; and the faid juftices (hall limit a time for repairing the of which notice (hall be given, by the faid furveyor or ors, to the occupier or occupiers of the lands or tene-liable to the burthen of fuch repairs, or to fuch other i or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, as are charge-rith the fame: and if fuch repairs (hall not be effedhially meafures to within the time fo limited, the faid juftices (hall and arc h® t?k®.Tl f required to prefent fuch highways fo out of repair, toge-nth the perfon or perfons, bodies politick or corporate, to repair the fame, at the next general quarter feffions of ace for the county, riding, divifion, city, corporation, dl, or liberty, wherein fuch highway (hall lie; and the s at fuch quarter feflions may, if they fee juft caufe, di~ ic profecution to be carried on at the general expence of county, riding, divifion, city, corporation, precindt, or h and to be paid out of the general rates within fuch idion.

r. And be it further enadted, That every juftice of aflize, juftices of aG-i of the counties palatine of Chejler* Lancajltr, and Z)«r- and ju-and of the great feflions in Wales* and juftice of the peace, lave authority by this ftatute, upon his or their own view, t’Q he juftice of the peace, upon information upon oath to prefentments * [iven by any furveyor or furveyors of any highways refpec- to the affixes,

, to make prefentment at their refpedtive affizes, or great is, or in the open general quarter feflions of fuch refpec- j}on9, tf^y ounty, riding, divifion, city, corporation, precindt, or li- defe&ive , of any highway, caufeway, or bridge, not well and fuf- highways, tly repaired and amended, or of any other default or of-committed and done contrary to the provifion and intent any other dc-it ftatute; and that all defc&s in the repair thereof (hall be faults or of-

presented

this a£t 3

458	Atino feptitno GeoRgIi III. c. 4a.	[1766.

fender*againfl prefented in fuch jurisdiction where the fame do lie* and not elfewhere; and that no fuch prefentment, nor any indiftmcpt for any fuch default or offence* (hall be removed by Cirtiorariy or otherwife, out of fuch jurisdiction, till fuch indictment or prefentment betraverfed, and judgement thereupon given, except where the duty or obligation of repairing the laid highways, caufcways, or bridges, may come in queftion; and that every fuch prefentment made by any fuch juftice of ailize, counties palatine, great feflions, or or the peace, upon his own view, or upon fuch information having been given to fuch juftice of the peace upon the oath of fuch furveyor of the highways as aforefaid, (hall be as good, and of the fame force, firength, and effect, in the law, as if the fame had been presented and found by the oaths of twelve men; and that for every fuch default or offence fo prefented as aforefaid, the juftices of aflizc, counties palatine, and great feiGons, at their refpcc-tive courts, and the juftices of the peace at their general quarter feflions, (hall have authority to affefs fuch fines as to them faving to the fhall be thought meet: faving to every perfon and perfons that perfons affcCt- fhall be aflfefted by any fuch prefentment, his,(her, or their lgw-fui traverfe to the fame prefentment, as well with refpeft to the fait of non-repair, as to the duty or obligation of repairing the faid highways, as they might have had upon any indictment of the fame* prefented and found by a grand jury; and the juftices of the peace at their general quarter fefliQns, or the major part of them (fuch major part not being lefs than five) may, if they fee juft caufe, direft the profecution upon fuch presentments as fhall be made at the quarter feflions as aforefaid, to be carried on at the general expence of fuch county, riding, divifion, city, corporation, precinft, or liberty, and to be paid out of the general rates within.fuch jurisdiction.

XVI, And be it further enaCted, That the faid juftices of the peace, at any fpecial feflions to be held by virtue of this ad, may by writing under their hands and feals, order and appoint thofe roads which do moft want repair, within their jurisdiction, to be firft amended, and at what time, or in what manner* the that molt want fame fhall be performed ; according to which order (if fuch there be) all and Angular the refpeCtive furveyors of the faid highways are hereby required to proceed within their refpeCtive liberties.

and to aflefs thereupon, fuch fine* as they thatl think meet;

ed, their law ful traverfe to fuch pre-fentments.

Juftices, at their fpecial feflions, may order thofe roads to be firft repaired

Complaint of XVII. And be it further enaCted, That it fhall and may be neglect of lawful for the faid juftices, or any two or more of them, with-duty. Sic. in jn their refpeCtive jurisdictions, upon complaint made to them may^Tcn- any perfon or perfons, upon oath, againft any furveyor or quiredintoby furveyors, for any negleft or default made in the performance two juftices, of his or their duty required by this aft, to fummon fuch fur-whomaymake veyor or furveyors to appear before them at fuch time and place Aereuponas 1S ^ey aPP°*nt by fuch fummons; and then and there to fhall be necef- examine and inquire into the fame, upon oath, and to make fery,	fuch order for the enforcing of this aft, and the .powers and au-

thorities hereby given, as to them (hall feem meet.

XVIII. M

1766.] Anno feptlmo GeoRgii III. c. 42.	459

xvni. And) for the better convenience of travellers ml highways meet, be it further enalted. That the faid junices, at ibme fpecial feflions to be held for the purpofes of this ad, direction (hall iflue tHeir precept to the furvpyor or furveyors of the high- to be let ^ ways, in the parilh, townlhip, or place, where feveral high- up where &-ways meet, and there is no proper or fufficient diredion poll or veraI hl^m (lone already fixed or ereded, requiring them forthwith to caufe wa**mce * to be ereded or fixed in the moil convenient place where fuch ways meet, a Hone or poll, with an infcription thereon, in large legible letters, containing the name or names of the next market town or towns, or other confiderable place, to which the faid highways refpedively lead ; and alfo at the feveral ap- and at the ap* proaches or entrances to fuch parts of any highways as are fub- faro^cbeststo jed to deep or dangerous floods, graduated Hones, or pods, arc fubjeft to denoting the depth of water in the deepefl part of the fame; deep or dan-and likewife fuch diredion polls or Hones as the faid juHices gerous Roods, (hall judge to be neceflary, for the guiding of travellers in the "hcrenc-befl and fafeH trad through the faid floods or waters; and the guiding tni-faid furveyor or furveyors lhall be reimburled the expences of in the providing and ereding the lame refpedively, out of the mo- bed and fafeft nies which lhall be received by him or them, purfuant to the tra<^> diredions of this ad: and in cafe any furveyor or furveyors (hall, by the fpace of three months after fuch precept to him or |c<^ng them dtreded and delivered, negled or refute to caule any fuch fjjU Hone or poH to be fixed as aforefaid; every fuch offender lhall forfeit the fum of twenty Ihillings.

XIX.	And, for the better repairing and keeping in repair the faid Surveyor Im-bighways, and providing of materials for that purpofe, be it epad-ed, That it mall and may be lawful to and for every furveyor to be appointed as aforefaid, to take and carry away, or cau/e tbe highway* to be taken and carried away, Co much of the rubbifh, or re- from any _ fufe Hones of any quarry or quarries, lying and being within the parilh, townlhip, or place, where they lhall be furveyors (except fuch as lhall have been got by the furveyor of any turn- grounds, ii-pike road) without the licence of the owner or owners of fuch vers, or quarries, as they lhall judge neceflary for the amendment of the brooks ; laid highways, but not to dig or get Hone in fuch quarry, without leave of the owner thereof; and alio that it lhall and may be lawful for every fuch furveyor or furveyors, for the ufe afore-laid, in any common or wafle land or ground, river or brook, therein, within the parilh, townlhip, or place, where he or they lhall be furveyor or furveyors, or within any other parilh, townlhip, or place, wherein gravel, land, chalk, flone, or other materials, are refpedtively likely to be found, to fearch for, dig, and get the fame; fo that the laid furveyors do not thereby prejudice or damage any building, highway, or ford, nor dig or get the fame out of any river or brook within the dillance of one hundred feet above or below any bridge, nor within the like diftance of any pond, dam, or wear; and likewife to gather hones lyingupon any lands or grounds within the parilh, townlhip,

Vr place, where fuch highway (hall he, for fuch fervicc and pur-

pole;

460	Anno	ieptiino	Georgii	III.	C.	42.	(1766.

pofe; and to take and carry away fo much of the faid materials as, by the diferetion of the faid Purveyor or furveyors, fhalljbe . thought neceflary to be employed in the amendment of the Cud highways, without making any fatisfadtion for the fame, and where fuf- XX. And be it further ena&ed. That it (hall and may be ficient can't be lawful for every fuch furveyor or furveyors for the ufe aforefaid, had in fuch t0 fearch for, dig and get, fand, gravel, chalk, (lone, or other From private matcr*a^5 (if fumcient cannot conveniently be had within fuch grounds^ commons or wafte lands) in any of the feveral or indofed lands or grounds of any perfon or perfons whomfoever, within the pan(h, town(hip, or place, for which he or they (hall be appointed furveyor or furveyors as aforefaid, (not being a garden, yard, avenue to a houfc, lawn, park, paddock, or inaofed plantation) and to take and carry away fo much of the faid materials as, by the diferetion of the (aid lurveyor or furveyors, (hall be thought neceflary to be imployed in the admendment of the (aid making fuch highways; the laid furveyor or farvevors making fuch (atisfac-fatisfaSion to tion for the damage to be done to fuen lands or grounds by the the owners as getting and carrying away the fame, as (hall be agreed upon be-Jhall be agreed twccn him or them, and the owner, occupier, or other perfon p0Ilf	interefted	in	fuch	lands or grounds, in the prefence, and with

the approbation, of two or more fubftantial inhabitants of fuch efr ocherwife, Par*^» townfliip, or place: and in cafe they cannot agree, then as the juftices fuch fatisfadion and recompence (hall be fettled and afcertained (ball dire&. by order of one or more juftice or juftices of the peace of the county, riding, divifion, city, corporation, predndt, or liberty, where fuch land or ground (hall lie. txpences in- XXI. And whereas in feme parijbes, townjhits, or places, there curred b y fur- may not he fufficient materials for the repair of the highways within wsjors in ef- the famey nor within the commons or wafte lands of any other tariff feeling the	townjbip, or place,	lying within a convenient diftance from fuch high-

aforcTaid, are waf > h reafon whereof the furveyor or furveyors of fuch highway' to be reim- tnay be forced to buy Juch materials, ana to make recommence and buried by a fatisfaftton to the owner or occupier of indofed lands, for damage !***	1chc	( whuh may be done by getting thereof: and whereas no provijum is

the place, * °* ma^e f0* ra*fin& a fu*dt0 reimburfe the expences which the faid fur-veyors may incur by erefling guide polls, and by rendering fatisfaQir* for damages done to lands by the mating new ditches or drains; be it therefore ena&ed, That upon application by fuch furveyor or furveyors, to the juftices of the peace at their fpecial feffions, and oath made of the fum or fums of money which he or they have or hath bona fide laid out and expended for the purpofes aforefaid, the faid juftices, or any two of them, (hall, and are hereby empowered, by warrant under their hands and feals, to caufe an equal rate to be made, for the reimburfing the faid fur-yeyor or furveyors fuch fum or (urns of money, upon all die occupiers of lands, tenements, ?nd hereditaments, within fuch parilh, townfliip, or place, where fuch money (hall be fo ex-according to Pended or laid out, according to the rules and methods preferib-the rule* pre- ed in an ad of parliament made in the forty third year of tbe (bribed in aft reign of the late queen Mfizabeth) intituled, An off for tbe rduf ♦J Eliz.	0	^	of

Ij66.] Anno feptimo Georgii III. c. 42.	461;

0/the poor, which rate, being confirmed and allowed by the faid juftices, (hall be collefted by the faid furveyor or furveyors of the highways; and if any perfon or perfons refufe to pay the money fo afleffed on him or them, that then the fame (hall be levied by the faid furveyor or furveyors, by diftrefs and fale of the goods and chatties of the perfon or perfons fo refufing, ren-dering to the party the overplus (the reafonable charges of making fuch diftrefs being firft deduced.)

XXII.	And be it further enacted. That if any fuch furveyor, Rule, to be or perfon employed by him, (hall, by reafon of the fearching obferved by for, digging, or getting, any gravel, fand, ftones, chalk, or other furveyors and materials, for repairing any highways, make, or caufe to be ^ to^he made, any pit or hole in any fuch lands or grounds, rivers, or fencing,filling brooks, as aforefaid, wherein {pch materials (hall be found; up, and flop-fuch furveyor, perfon or perfons, (hall forthwith caufe the fame P,nS h.olfe» to be fufficiently fenced off, and fuch fence fupported and re- ^„lCfor, or" paired during fuch time as the faid pit or hole (hall continue getting ma-open; and (hall, within three days after any fuch pit or hole terials for re-ihall be opened or made where no gravel, ftone, or materials, Pai™ °f the ihall be found, caufe the fame to be forthwith filled up and le-roads* veiled; and where any fuch materials (hall be found, within fourteen days after having dug up fufiicient materials in fuch pit or hole, caufe the fame to be filled up, (loped down, or fenced off, and fo continued: and in cafe fuch furveyor, perfon or Forfeiture for perfons, (hall negledl to fill up, (lope down, or fence off, fuch every negleft pit or hole, in manner, and within the time, aforefaid; he or default they (hall forfeit the fum of ten (hillings for every fuch default: andXr anV" and in cafe fuch furveyor or furveyors, perfon or perfons, (hall default after ncgledt to fence off fuch pit or hole, or to (lope down the fame, as notice, herein before directed, for the fpace of ten days after he or they ihall have received notice for either of thofe purpofes from any juftice of peace, or from the owner or occupier of fuch feveral ground, river, or brook, or any perfon having right of common within fuch common or wafte lands as aforefaid, and fuch neg-Icdt and notice (hall be proved upon oath before one or more of the faid juftices of the peace; fuch furveyor, perfon or perfons,afum not left ihall forfeit and pay any fum not exceeding ten pounds, nor lefs^0^®^*^^ than forty (hillings, for every fuch negledt, to be determined™i.m°rC and adjudged bv (uch juftice or juftices, and to be laid out and to be applied applied in the fencing off, filling up, or (loping down, fuch pit to the aboie or hole, and toward the repair of the roads in the parifli, town- PurP°k*« fhip, or place, where the offence (hall be committed, in fuch manner as the faid juftice or juftices (hall direct and appoint; which forfeiture, in cafe the lame be not forthwith paid, ihall be levied as other forfeitures are herein after directed to be levied.

XXIII.	And be it further enacled, That the faid furveyor or Regulation* furveyors to be appointed as aforefaid, together with the inha-w«b regard to bitants and occupiers of lands, tenements, and hereditaments, f*ature within each parifti, townlhip, or place, (hall, at proper feafonsln ^ncrall* in every year, ufe their endeavours for the repair of the highways, and (hall be chargeable thereunto as follovveth; that ishoveveryper-VOL. XXVII.	H h	to	r°n	“	^	be	ra-

461	Anno	feptimo Geoaon III. c.4*r	[1766*

ted) the num* to fay, every perfon keeping a team, draught, or plough, in iiidt l>Cr k^heT/to P3™*"* townftiip, or place, (hall, fix days in every year, to be perform / and computed from Michaelmas to Aftchaelmas, find and fend, on the number of every day, and at every place, to be appointed by the furveyor hours in each or (urveyors for the amending the highways in fuch parifli, ***?’	townftiip,	or	place, one wain, can, or carriage, furaifhed after

the cuftom of the country, with oxen, horfes, or other cattle, and all other neceffaries meet to carry things convenient far that purpofe, and alfo two able men with each wain, cart, or car* riage relpe&ively; and every perfon occupying lands, tenements, or hereditaments, of the yearly value of fifty pounds, or above, (hall, in like manner, fend one wain, cart, or carriage, furnifh-ed with not lefs than three horfes, or (bur oxen and one horfe, or two oxen and two horfes, and two able men to each wain, cart, or carriage (except in thofe parts of this kingdom where carts with tingle horfes, are generally ufed; and in fuch places every fuch perfon (hall, in like manner, fend two carts, with one horfe and one able man to each cart) and in like manner for every fifty pounds per annum refpedtively which be, (he, or they, (hall fo occupy in fuch parifti, townmip, or place; and (hall likewife find and fend one fufficient labourer, for every tea pounds per annum which he, (lie, or they (hall occupy, above the annual value of fifty pounds, and lefe than one hundred pounds; and fo for every ten pounds that each progreffive and intermediate annual value df ten pounds (hall foil Siort of the 1 further increafe of fifty pounds; and every per Ion or perfaos occupying lands, tenements, or hereditaments, in any parifh, townmip, or place, of the yearly value of ten pounds, and un-' der the yearly value of fifty pounds, who (hall not keep fuch team, draught, or plough, (hall find and fend one fufficient labourer for every ten pounds per annum which he, (he, or they (hall fo occupy, upon every of the faid days, and at every place fo to be appointed by the faid (brveFor or furveyors as. afbrefcidj and every perfon or perfons n it keeping a team, draught, or plough, but occupying lands, ‘iementsr 6r hereditaments under the yearly value often pddb<ls, in ever pari(h, tawrifhip, or place, and alfo every man inhabiting therein refpa^ivdy, and being of the age of eighteen, and under the >age of fixty five years, not being an apprentice or menial fcrjMUf nor haring performed the faid duty, or paid the compolifao'for the feme, in any other parifti, tf.wnfhip, or place, for that Vtear, (hall by j themfelves, or one fufficient labourer for every ot them, upoo i every of the faid days on which they (hall be called forth by the j faid furveyor or furveyors, together with the faid other labour- ■ ers, work and laboursn the amendment of the faid highways,*! power to they (hall be dire&ed by fuch furveyor or furveyors: and tf the change cam- faid carriages, or any of them, (hall hot be thought needful by

the furveyor or furveyors, on any of the faid days) then ever/ I needful by the fuch perfon, who (hould have fent and found any fiich carnage, furveyor i fhall, according to the notice to be given as herein after dualized, fend unto the faid work for every carriage (pared, three

aMc

I

ij66»] Anno feptimo GeoRGH III. C. 42I	463

able men, there to labour, as aforefaid, or pay to the fald fur- or a certain vsyor or furveyors the fum of four (hillings and iix pence, in lieu f11™t0 he paid thereof; and all fuch perfons as aforefaid (hall refpe&ively have such mento * and bring with them fuch (hovels, fpades, picks, mattocks, and furni/h their other tools, and inftruments, as are ufeful and proper for the own tools, purpofes aforefaid; and all the faid perfons and carriages (hall diligently perform the work and labour to which they (hall be appointed by fuch furveyor or furveyors, for eight hours in every of the faid days, within fuch pari(h, townlhip, or place, or in getting and carrying materials in and from any other parifh, townlhip, or place, to be employed in the repair of the highways of the parifh, town(hip, or place, for which they (hall be required to perform fuch duty ana labour as aforefaid.

XXIV.	And be it further enafted, That every fuch furveyor Duty of furor furveyors (hall, from time to time, give to, or caule to be v?y?r*» jn left at the houfe or ufual place of abode of, every perfon or per- notice to™b/ Tons fo liable to perform fuch duty or labour as aforefaid, four perfons liable days notice at the lead of the day, hour, and place, upon which to perform each of the faid day’s duty lhall be required to be performed; Aatute-work. and every perfon or perfons making default in finding and fend- Defaulters,af-ing each wain, cart, or carriage, furnifhed as aforefaid, and fuch

able men with the fame, or in performing the faid duty, at the per diem time and place, and in the manner before dire<5ted, or in paying for each car-the compofition for the fame, as herein after mentioned, (hall, riageandman For every fuch default or ncgleft, forfeit the fum of ten (hillings;	to

and every perfon or perfons making default in fending any fuch ^nd labourers labourer, or in performing fuch labour, at the time and place, x*. 6d. per and in the manner, before directed, or in paying fuch compo- diem, fition-money for the fame as herein after mentioned, (hall, for every fuch neglect, forfeit the fum of one (hilling and fix pence; and the faid furveyor or furveyors, (hall fairly and equally de- ^u^t^he mand and require fuch duty and labour, from every perfon or perfons liable to perform the fame, according to the directions equally de-aforefaid, without favour or partiality to any perfon or perfons manded 1 whomfoever; and the faid furveyor or furveyors, or one of anVfm**-them, may and (hall, and he and they is and are hereby re- f^res.wkb-quired, within twenty one days after every fuch default made in 21 days af-in performance of fuch duty or labour as aforefaid, or paying ter default, fuch compofition-money for the fame refpedtively as herein after mentioned, to proceed for the recovery of the penalty or forfeiture hereby inflicted for the fame refpeCtively, in manner .herein after directed.

XXV.	Provided always, and be it further enabled, That any Tenns on perfon or perfons liable to perform the faid duty by fending a which the fe-wain, cart, or carriage, with men, horfes, or oxen, in manner Pcrfon,» aforefaid, (hall and may compound for the fame, if he, (he, or fon^ftatute-they, (hall think fit, by paying to the faid furveyor or furveyors, work, may be or one of them at lean, two days before the firft day on which admitted to filch duty (hall by fuch notice be required to be performed, fuch compound for fum or (urns of money as the juftices of the peace for the coun- lhc ame“ ty, riding, divifion, city, corporation, precinft, or liberty, where-

H h 2	'in

464	Anno feptimo Georgn III. c. 42^	[1766;

in -fuch parifh, townftiip, or place, (hall be, or the major part of them, at their faid fpecial fefiions, to be held on the fijft Monday in Oflober, or within fifteen days next following, m every year, fhall adjudge and declare to be reafonable, not exceeding fix (hillings, nor lefs than three (hillings, for each day; and in default of their adjudging and declaring the fame, the fum of four (hillings and fix pence, for and in lieu of every fuch day’s duty; and that any perfon or perfons liable to fend a labourer or labourers in refpedl of his, her, or their occupying lands, tenements, or hereditaments, of the yearly value often pounds or upwards, by fuch progreflion as aforefaid, (hall and may compound for the fame, if he, (he, or they, (hall think fit, by paying to the furveyoror furveyors, or one of them, for every ten pounds per annum, the fum ot eight pence; and every houfe-holder, or other perfon or perfons, occupying lands, tenements, or hereditaments, under the yearly value of ten pounds, and above the yearly value of three pounds, (hall and may compound for the fame, if he, (lie, or they, (hall think fit, by paying to the faid furveyor or furveyors, or one of them, the fum of fix pence; and every other inhabitant liable to perform fuch duty or labour as aforefaid, (hall and may compound for the fame, if he, (lie, or they, fhall think fit, by paying to the faid furveyor or furveyors or one of them, the fum of four pence* for and in lieu of every fuch day’s duty or labour refpedtively, at lead two days before the firft day on which fifch duty or labour fhall, by fuch refpecHve notices, be fo required to be performed, duty c-f fur- XXVI. Provided alfo, and be it further enaSed, That the re*Xr#!p5" re~ furvey°r or furveyors of every parifli, townlhip, or place, where imtteeoFthe^ r^c number of inhabitants liable to perform fuch duty fhall con-time and fid of two hundred perfons or upwards, fhall, on the firft or place of ad- fecond Sunday in January in every year, caufe ten days notice at the lead to be given in the church or chapel of fuch parilh, townfhip, or place, of the time and place when and where the perfons inclined to compound for the faid duty, in manner aforefaid, may pay their compolition-money; and all and every perfon or perfons who fhall pay the compofition authorized and allowed by this a£t, purfuant to fuch notice, fhall be dif-charged from the performance of fuch duty, and the forfeitures hereby impofed for his, her, or their default therein; and that, in fuch parilh, townfhip, or place, where fuch notice (hall be given as aforefaid, no compofition (hall be permitted, unlefs the fame (hall be paid at the day, or within the time, to be cx-Rcgulations preffed in fuch notice: but in cafes where tiie occupation of with re'peft to any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, (hall be changed, or ©ecu^Scm cf any nevv 0CCUPant or inhabitant (hall come to refide in fuch pliant See. or ri^> townfhip, or place, after the time appointed for fuch pay-new inhabi- ment; then the perfon or perfons occupying fuch lands, tenc* tints.	ments, or hereditaments, or fo refiding in fuch parifh, town-

fhip, or place, fhall be allowed to compound in manner aforefaid; provided he, file, or they, fhall pay the faid compofition-money to the faid furveyor or furveyors, or one of them, within

fourteen

mitting per Tons to compound.

Co’rtipofitlon-r oney Jto be duly paid.

iy66.] Anno (eptimo Georgii IIL c. 42'	465

fourteen days after he, (he, or they, (hall enter upon fuch lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or (hall come to refide in fuch pa-rifh, town(hip, or place.

XXVII. Provided likewife, and be it further enadted, That Perfons occu-nothing herein contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to ex- la^*fv€ tend, to oblige any perfon or perfons keeping a team, draught, or plough, as aforefaid, and not occupying lands, tenements, are not obligor hereditaments, above the yearly value of fifty pounds, to find ed to find, or and fend, or compound for, more than one wain, cart, or car- compound riage, with men to attend the fame, in manner as above direeft- T°]?a™?r* * aa ed: and that if any perfon or perfons (hall keep any team, Team or draught, or plough, or any part thereof, for part of the year in plough, kept one pari(h, townfhip, or place, and for part of the year in ano- for parrot the thcr pari(h, townfhip, or place; the duty (hall be performed by inone fuch team, draught, or plough, in the parifti, townfhip, or ^partln an* place where fuch perfon or perfons, (hall ufually refide.	other, the dul

ty to be performed where the perfon ufuallyrefides*

XXVIII.	And whereas by feveral afts of parliament concerning Where com-turnpike roads, a certain part of the duty called Statute-duty, is or P0^0*1 A?al1 may be directed to be performed on fuch roads; and it may happen in ftatu^dutv fome places that the feveral perfons liable thereto may have compounded a proportion for the fame\ be it therefore further enadted, That in all fuch thereof is to cafes the furveyor or furveyors of the highways of the parilh, bc Pajjj to the townfhip, or place, where fuch compofition (hall have becn or* if part made, (hall pay to the irtafurer or furveyor of fuch turnpike 0f fuci/duty roads a certain part of the compofition-money fo received, toistobeper-be proportioned according to the number of day’s duty which formed on the fuch perfon or perfons was or were liable to perform on fuch turnpike road.

XXIX* And be it further enacted, That if upon application where the of the furveyor or furveyors of the highways for any parifh, general or townfhip, or place, to the juftices of the peace for the county, Suart![ riding, divifion, city, corporation, precindl, or liberty, wherein fa°r"sficda Upon fuch parifh, townfhip, or place, lieth, at their general or quar- tjJ appficati-ter feffions of the peace, the faid juftices, or the major part of on of the fur*

them,	(hall be fully fatisfied, by proof upon oath, that the duty veyor,

hereby diredted to be performed, and the money hereby autho- an^i^ne^* rized to be colledled and received, has been performed, applied, {Ja?e been * and expended, according to the diredlions of this adl; or (hall faithfully ap-be fully fatisfied that the common highways, bridges, caufeways, plied j ftreets, or pavements* belonging to fuch parilh, townfhip, or ?ftbat thc place, are fo far out of order that they cannot be fufticiently amen- budge^caufe-ded and repaired, paved, cleanfed, "and fupported, by the means ways, ftreets, herein before prescribed (notice being firft given of fuch intend- or pavements, ed application at the church or chapel of fuch parifti, townfhip, can’t be fufficU oir place, on fome Sunday preceeding fuch quarter feffions) that	**

then,	and in any of the faid cafes, one or more afleflment or means before afleilments upon all and every the occupiers of lands, tenements, preferibedi and heVeditaments, within any fuch parifti, townfhip, or place, “oticeisto (hall or may be made, levied, and colledled, by fuch perfon and fhefeo?1 perfons, and allowed in fuch manner, as the faid juftices, byamiaffeflr. -

H h 3	their	menu are to

Anno fcptimo Georqii IH. c. 42; ■	f 17661

be made accordingly for thofe pur-pofes j

their order at fuch feffions, (hall dired and appoint in that behalf ; and the money thereby raifed (hall be employed and accounted for according to the orders and diredions of the faM juftices, for and towards the amending, repairing, paving, cleaning, and fupporting, fuch highways, caufeways, ftreets, pavements, and bridges, from time to time, as need (hall re-to be levied by quire 5 and the faid afleflments (hall, by virtue of a warrant falftrCft ^	under the hand and feal of one juftice of the peace, be levied

a e:	by diftrefs and fale of the goods of every perfon fo atfefled, and

not paying the fame within ten days after demand; rendering the overplus of the value of the goods fo diftrained to the owner and owners thereof, the neceflary charges of making fuch dif-n . f . trefs and fale being firft deduced.

affeflbieiiti XXX. Provided neverthelefs. That no fuch afie(Tment or are not to ex- afleflments, to be made in any one year, (hall exceed the rate 6d in the	of fix pence in the pound of the yearly value of the lands, tene-

pound, in any mcnts? and hereditaments, fo afleflea.

Ncffine &c XXXI. And be it further enaded, That no fine, iflue, pe-fornot repair-na^y> or forfeiture, for not repairing the highways, or not ap* ing the high- pearing to any indictment or preferment for not repairing the ways, or ap- fame, (hall hereafter be returned into the court of Exchequer, Siftmnts* or" or ot^er courti hut (hall be levied by, and paid into the hands of, prefentments fuch perfon or perfons refiding in or near the parifl), townfhip, ' or place, where the road (hall lie, as the court, impofing fuch fines, iflues, penalties, or forfeitures, (hall order and dired, to be applied towards the repair and amendment of fuch highways; and if any fine, iflue, penalty, or forfeiture, to be mipoted on any fuch parifh, townfhip, or place, for not repairing the court dire&s, highways, or not apearing as aforefaid, (hall hereafter be levied roaTlie^and on any onc or morc	,nhabitants of fuch parifh, townfhip,

applied there- or P*ace> that then fuch inhabitant or inhabitants (hall and may to.	make his or their complaint to the juftices of the peace, at their

Method of fpecial feffions; and the faid juftices, or any two of them, are hereby impowered and authorized, by warrant under their imEurfing " hands and feals, to caufe a rate to be made, according to the fuch ot the in- form and manner herein laft before preferibed, for the reim-habitants on burfing fuch inhabitant or inhabitants the monies fo levied oa fuch^ne y&c or them, as aforefaid ; which rate fo made and confirmed (hall be levied, ty any two juftices, (hall be colleded and levied by the furveyor * or furveyors of the highways of fuch parifh, townfhip, or place, fo prefented or indided as aforefaid; and the faid furveyor or furveyors, (hall, within one month next after the making and confirming the rate aforefaid, colled, levy, and pay, unto fuch inhabitant or inhabitants, the money fo levied on him or them as aforefaid.

XXXII. And be it further enaded, That the furveyor or furveyors of the highways for every parifh, townfhip, or place, (hall carefully and diligently colled all the rates, forfeitures, pe-ti^andcom na^cs* an(* compofitions, direded and allowed to be received potions; and anc* taken by virtue of this ad; and (hall keep one or more book keep hi* ac- or books, in which fyc or they (hall fairly enter an account of

$

for the fame to be returned into the Exchequer; but to be levied as the

Surveyors to colled all a rates, fortei-

i 766.] Anno feptimo Gsoroii III. c.

all fuch money as (hall have come to his or their bands by vir- cooatsaccord-

tqe and for the purpofes of this aft, and to whom and on what h*

occafion he or they (hall have difpofed of the fame; and (hall pi-cfaibedj

alfo enter in fuch book or books a lift or lifts of all fuch fums of

money as (hall then remain due and owing from any perfon or

perfons in refpe& of the payments, compofitions, rates, afleff-

ments, penalties, or forfeitures, to be collected, received, or

taken, for and in refpelfc of the faid highways, by virtue of this

alt: and the faid furveyor or furveyors (hall alio enter in the

faid book or books an account ot all tools, materials, imple-

ments, and other things, provided for the repair of the faid high*

ways, at the public expence of fuch pari(h, town (hip, or place: and is to pro-

and every fuch furveyor or furveyors (hall, at the (aid fpecial duce the fame

feffions to be held on the firft Monday in Oftobery or within (if- ^jhvceJV^,CC8»

teen days after, as aforefaid, in every year, produce fuch book tj,em upo^

or books to the juftices of the peace attending fuch feftions; and oath;

(hall then and there verify the feveral entries therein on oath, before the faid juftices; and (hall then, or within fourteen days and after-after fuch feftions, deliver the faid book or books, together with wards deliver all fuch fums of money as (hall remain in his or their hands, th.e™ and likewife all tools, materials, implements, and other things, i^nceand”-as aforefaid, to the fucceeding furveyor or furveyors for fuch pa- other articles, rift), townlhip, or place: and it (hall and may be lawful for fuch to his fuccef-(ucceeding furveyor or furveyors, and they are hereby refpeltive- foV£hoJ# to iy required to recover, collelt, and receive, all fuch fumsof^^1*16 money which (hall be due and owing as aforefaid, by all fuch 1 ways and means, as fully and cffe&ually, to all intents and purpofes, as the preceding furveyor or furveyors could, might, or ought to have recovered, colle&ed, or received the fame: and and not con-in cafe fuch lurveyor or furveyors (hall neglclfc to provide fuch forming to the t>ook or books, or to enter fuch refpeltive accounts and lifts therein, or to deliver the faid book or books, and fuch tools, feitTcl/ °r" materials, implements, and other things as aforefaid, to the fucceeding furveyor or furveyors, he or they (hall, for every fuch oflfence, forfeit the fum of five pounds: and in cafe he or they and making (hall make default in the payment of the money fo remaining in default in his hands, within the time, and according to the diredions fhemoneyCin aforefaid, he or they (hall forfeit double the value of fuch money, his bands,

forfeits double the fum.

• XXXIII. And be it further enalted, That where any lands Regulations, have been or (hall be given for the maintenance of caufeways, withrefpeftto pavements, highways, and bridges, all fuch perfons that are or lands given IKoII be enfeoffed or trufted with any fuch lands, (hall let them	n"

to farm at the moft improved yearly value without fine; and caufeways, that the juftices of the peace in their open feftions (hall and may pavements, inquire, by fuch ways and means as they (hall think .fitting, nighways, into the value of all fuch lands fo given, or to be given; and or- bridges, der the improvement and employment of the rents and profits thereof, according to the will and direction of the donor of fuch lands, if they find that the perfons fo intruded have been negligent or faulty in the performance of their truft (except fuch lands

H h 4	as	i

Penalty of pulling up, removing, or

Anno feptimo Georgii III. 0/42^	[1766.

as have been given for the ufes aforefaid to any college or hall in either of the univerfities.of this kingdom which have vifitors of their own) any law, ftatjute, ufage, or cuftom, to the contra*

ry notwithstanding.

XXXIV. And whereas in fome places it hath been, and may if, found nccejfary to fecure horfe caufeways and foot caufeways to travel . a . -upon, in public highways, by pofts, blocks, or great ft ones * fixt in the poftsf * C# the ground^ or by banks of earth cajl up, or otherwife, from bang blocks, banks, broken up andfpoilcd with waggons, wains, carts, or carriages: and Sec. fet up for forafmuch as feveral cvil-di/pcfcd perfons do wilfully or wantonly puE the fecurityof upf cut Jown^ and remove, the faid pojls, blocks, and great ftones, ft caufeways i°0t fixe^ 05 aforefaid, and alfo dig and cajl down the faid banks, which *	are the fecurities and defence of the jaid caufeways, whereby the caufe-

or the para- ways are often ruined and dejlroyed; and fuch evil-difpofed perfons pets or battle- may break, damage, or throw down, the Jlones, bricks, or wood, fixed ments of upon the parapets or battlements of bridges, and may pull down, de» ftonfs^ordi- ' obliterate, or deface, any mile-Jlone orpojlgraduated, or dim-region poitsj tion-pojl or jlone, ere fled, or to be ere fled, upon any highway: For it a fum not prevention thereof, be it enabled. That every perfon who OiaU CXCCur ng 5*’	Suilty any	°ffence lhall, upon complaint thereof made

ios. * tlUn t0 anyjuftice °f	peace of the county, riding, divifion, city,

0 *	corporation, precinCt, or liberty, where the fame (hall be proved

to be done, by the oath of any one credible witnefs, or upon view of the juftice himfelf, forfeit, for every of the faid offences, or being com- any not exceeding five pounds, nor lefs than ten (hillings; mitted to hard or be committed to the houfe of correction of fuch county, riding,

labour, and wkipt.

divifion, city, corporation, precindt, or liberty, there to be whipped, and kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding one calendar month, nor lcfs than feven days, at the diferetion of fuch juftice.

XXXV. And be it further enaCted, That if any furveyor of the highways, after his acceptance of the faid office, (hall neg-leCt his duty in any thing required of him by this aCt, for which no particular penalty is impofed; he (hall forfeit, for every fuch otJierwifepro- offence, any fum not exceeding five pounds, nor lefs than ten vided for in (hillings; at the diferetion of the juftice or juftices having jurif-the aft. diCtion therein.

Penalty on furveyor'* neglcft of duty, in in-fiances not

Juftices of the XXXVI. And be it further enaCted, That the juftices of peace peace impow- of all cities, corporations, boroughs, and other places, are here-cred to put in by impowered to put in execution every part of this aCt within execution their refpe<5bvc jurifdiCtions.

thisadt.^ XXXVII. And be it further enaCted, That no perfon or per* No fee to be fons (hall receive any fum of money or fee whatfoever of any taken of fur- furveyor or furveyors of the highways, for the oath taken, or coonti|C" on account g,ven> by them, at fuch fpecial feflions as aforefaid; and penalty of sol. ^ any perfon or perfons (hall receive any fuch fum of money or fee, he (hall forfeit the fum of ten pounds.

XXXVIII.	And whereas the highways, not being turnpike roads, are much prejudiced by the narrownefs of t/>e wheels of the feveral carriages travelling thereon, and by the exceffive burthens loaded in Regulations, fab carriagebe it ena&ed, That no waggon, paving the foie VftnrefpcClto-	*	pf

1766.] Anno feptimo Georgii III. C. 42;	469

or bottom of the fellies of the wheels of lefs breadth than nine the number of inches, (hall go or be drawn with more than fix horfes; and £road ^lur-that no cart, having the foie or bottom of the fellies of the wheeled * wheels thereof of lefs breadth than nine inches, (hall go or be waggons and drawn with more than four horfes; and that no waggon, having carts are al-the foie or bottom of the fellies of the wheels of the breadth ^^rawiwiAaii nine inches, (hall go or be drawn with more than eight horfes; thc highways, and that no cart, having the foie or bottom of the fellies of the wheels of the breadth of nine inches, (hall go or be drawn with more than five horfes, refpe&ively, upon fuch highways; un- AUfupernti-der the pains, penalties, and forfeitures, herein after mentioned meiwhorfes (that is to fay) that the owner or driver, of fuch waggon or cart fer^\^for* refpe&ively, (hall forfeit and lofe all the horfes above the num- therwhh their ber hereby fo refpe&ively limited as aforefaid, with all gears, gears. Scc. bridles, halters, and accoutrements, to the foie ufe and benefit of any perfon or perfons who (hall feize or diftrain the fame.

XXXIX.	And be it further ena&ed. That no waggon, Waggoiufhod having the wheels bound with (breaks or tire of a lefs breadth with narrow ■than two inches and an half when worn, or being fet or fattened on with rofe-headed nails, (hall go or be drawn with more than headed nail* three horfes; and that every owner or driver of any fuch waggon not to be (hall forfeit and lofe all fuch horfes above the number of three, drawn by with all gears, bridles, halters, and accoutrements, to the foie	than *

ufe and benefit of any perfon or perfons who (hall feize or di-	f^fy^re

drain the fame.	of the Taper-

numerary horfes, &c.

XL. Provided alfo. That the regulations herein before Carriagesex-mentioned, concerning the number of horfes and wheels of car- cepted out of riages, (hall not be deemed or conftrued to extend to carts, wag-	1rc*

gons, or other carriages, employed only in carrying any one 8 done, block of marble, or piece of metal or timber; or to fuch ammunition or artillery as (hall be for his Majetty’s fervice; nor lhall be deemed or conftrued to extend to carts, waggons, or other carriages, employed only in husbandry, or manuring of land; or in carrying of only hay, ftraw, fodder, or corn un-ihreftied, till Michaelmas one thoufand feven hundred and fixty nine.

XLI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared. Rules to be That any perfon or perfons who (hall make any feizure or obferved, with dittrefs, for any of the forfeitures or penalties hereby incurred, fhall deliver the horfe or horfes, or other things, fo feized or di-diftre^a drained, into the cuftody of the conftable, headborough, tyth- made for for-ingman, or fome other officer of the parifti, townfhip, or place, feitures or where fuch dittrefs or feizure is made, or of the next parifh, ^"^®*111-townfhip, or place (who are hereby required to receive into their cu cuftody, and fafely to keep the fame) till the perfon or perfons who made fuch dittrefs or feizure (hall make proof upon oath, before fome juftice of the peace, of the offence committed, which he or they is and are hereby required to make within fix days after fuch feizure or dittrefs; or, in default thereof, fuch boric or ether thing (hall be delivered to the owner thereof, and *	th«

Anno ieptimo Georgii IIT. C. 421	[1766;

the pcrfon making fuch feizure (hall pay fuch reafonable charges to the conftable or other officer for the keeping and fecuryig thereof, as the faid juftice or juftices (hall allow and dired; and the (aid juftice or juftices, before whom fuch proof is made, are hereby required to iffue their precept to fuch conftable or other officer, immediately to deliver the horfe or horfes, or other | things, fo forfeited, to the part) or parties who feized or diftrain-ed the fame, to and for his and their foie ufe and benefit; paying fuch reafonable charges for keeping and fecuring thereof, as the faid juftice or juftices (hall allow and dired: and every per-fon making feizure of any fuch horfe or other thing, and not profecuting fuch feizure within the time and in manner afore-laid, (hall forfeit to the owner of fuch horfe or other thing the fum of forty (hillings for every fuch feizure.

XLII. Andy for ike better difcovtryof offenders againft this pre-fent afty be it enaded, That the owner of every waggon, wain, All waaffo&s or cart* P*ace» write* 01 paint, or caufe to be placed, writ-waint, and * ten, or painted, upon fome confpicuous part of his waggon, carts, to have wain, or cart, before he or (he (hall ufe or drive the fame upoa the owner's any public highway, his or her chriftian and fumame, and the rainune,and pjacc Qf or	jn	iargc legible letters, and continue

bode, painted c fame thereupon fo long as fuch waggon or cart (hall be ufei on fome con- upon any fuch highway: and if any perfon or perfons (hall neg-ffiicuous part left the fame, or place, write, or print, or caufe to be placed, written, or printed, any falfe or fiditious name or place of abod^ onpenalty of on fuel* waggon, wain, or cart; he or (he (hall forfeit, for every fuch offence, the fum of twenty (hillings.

The driver of	XLIII. And whereas many bad accidents happen, and great mf

any cart or	chiefs are frequently donfy upon the fireets and higbioays, by the neg-

dray riding Ugcnce or wilful mifbehaviour of perfons driving carriages thereon \ any^xe^or ** li therefore farther enaded, That if the driver of any cart, highway, car, dray, or waggon, (hall ride upon any fuch carriage in any without hav- ftreet or highway, not having fomt other perfon on foot or on ing fome per- horfeback to guide the lame (fuch carriages as are refpcdivdy o*o™horfc- drawn by one horfe only, or by two horfes abreaft, and are con-back to guide duded by fome perfon holding the reins of fuch horfe or horfes, the fame; excepted) or if the driver of any carriage whatfoever, on any (Ejoeptiou) part Qf any ftrcct or highway, (hall, by negligence or wilful mil- : Sany carri-<r ^ha^our, cau^e anY hurt or damage to any perfon or carriage i age, who, by paffing or being upon fuch ftreet or highway; or (hall, by negh- 1 negligence or gence, or wilful mifbehaviour, prevent, hinder, or interrupt, the £ uJ1V1°Mr* paAag® °f any other carriage, or of his Majefty’s fubjeds, or obfoud** on ™ highways; or if the driver of any empty or unloaded perfons or Waggon, cart, or other carriage, (hall refufe or negledto turn carriages in afide, and make way for, any coach, chariot, chaife, loaded wag* palling 1 gon, cart, or other loaded carriage; any fuch driver offending in not"make way ?ny	ca^es a^orcfa*cl* and being convided of fuch offence,

for loaded * cither by his own confeffion, or by the oath of one or more ert-carriages, dible witnefs or witneffes, before any juftice of the peace of the forfeits, if not county, riding, divifion, city, corporation, precind, or liberty, any^Cnot whcrc fuch offence (hall be committed, (hall, for every fuch of-cxcecdingtos*	fence.

766.) Ajsino fcpfimo Georou III. c. 42;	471

encc, forfeit any fum not exceeding ten (hillings, in cafe fuch and if the Iriver (hall not be the owner of fuch carriage; and, in cafe the °wncr> any_ offender be owner of fuch carriage, then any fum not exceeding ceding ** s. :wenty (hillings; or (hall be committed to the houfe of correc- or may be ;ion for any time not exceeding one’month, at the diferetion committed j rf fuch juftice: and every fuch driver, offending in either of the	Pcr*

Taid cafes, (hall and may, by authority of this adt, and without	him,

any other warrant, be apprehended by any perfon or perfons and deliver * who (hall fee fuch offence committed; and (hall be immediately him over to a conveyed or delivered to a conftable, or other peace officer, in order to be conveyed before feme juftice of the peace, to be dealt ac^rdinTto with according to law,	law. ^

XLIV. And be it further enadted, That where the juftices juftice*, at of the peace in any city or market town, not having already cf- their general fedtual provifion made for fuch city or market town by any for- or quarter mer law, or the major part of them, at their general or quarter JW feffions, (hall judge it neceflaiy to appoint a fcavenger or leaven- vengers for" gers for cleaning the ftreets therein, the faid juftices (hall and any city or jnay, from time to time, nominate and appoint fuch perfon or market town perfons as they (hall think fitting for that purpofe; and alfo to leLjproljifion order the repairing of fuch ftreets therein as they (hall judge ne- already ° ceflary; and, for defraying the charges thereof, an afleffinent or made * T affcflments, not exceeding fix pence in the pound in one year, *®d make or-fliall and may, from time to time, be equally made upon all and £heftreet»I $very the occupiers of houfes, lands, tenements, and heredita- ,taking*** inents, in the refpedtive parifties wherein fuch ftreets (hall lie, aftefiinexus tor Within fuch cities or market towns; and fuch afleffinent or af- defraying tte feflments (hall and may, from time to time, be made by fuch £harg«* *“*** perfon or perfons, and levied and colledled in fuch manner, as col-the faid juftices, by their order at fuch feffions, (hall diredi and le&ed, cm* appoint in that behalf; and the money thereby raifed (hall be ployed, and employed and accounted for according to the orders and direc- *f^Untdk^# fions of the faid juftices, for and towards the repairing and as cy 9 tleanfing the faid ftreets from time to time: and the (aid afleff- and to be le-pients, being allowed under the hands and feals of fuch juftices, vied by their (hall and may be levied, by warrant under their hands and feals, wvrant' by diftrefs and fale of the goods and chatties of fuch perfons not paying the fame within eight days after demanded, rendering the overplus (if any be) to the owner; the neceflary charges of making, keeping, and felling, fuch diftrefs, being firft dedudted.

XL V, And be it further enadted, That it (hall and may be Tufttces may Jawful for any two or more juftices of the peace for any county, bold * fpecml riding, divifion, city, corporation, precindt, or liberty, and they jre hereby impowered, from time to time, whenever they (hall properfbrthe

{*udge proper, to hold any fpccial feffions, befides that which is purpofe* of lerein before diredted, for executing the purpofes of this adt. this a&.

XLVI. And be it further enadted. That in cafe any perfon Perfons forci-or perfons (hall refill, or make forcible oppofition againft, any bly oppofing perfon or perfons employed in the due execution of this adl;

(hall hinder, or attempt to prevent or obftrudt, the feizing or or 0bftru&ing diftrainipg of any horfe hereby diredted to be forfeited for the the making a

offbnets

• «

^	Anno feprimo Georgii IK (£4*? [tj&

fijaweer offences herein before mentioned; or make any refcueofcattle; ®“5gv. or other goods, diftrained by virtue of this eft; or if any cm* ftable, headborough, or tythingman, (hall reAifcor.oqJeffi^' *ther goodst execute or obey any warrant or precept granted by any jaftkesc and conftaMet notices of the peace, purfuant to the directions of this ad; on' no*"u,f exe" Tuch perfon offending therein, and being convifted thereof, Dal ™ «, -*	for every fuch offence, forfeit any fum not exceeding ten poud£

i meceptor any nor lefs than forty (hillings, at the difcretion of the juftk*,g pitjoc;	juffices of the peace before whom he or (he (hall be lo conriM}

amA	to ^ P**^ t0 *"e furv«y°r 0,1 furvevors of the highway of fts

jjg	pari(h, townihip, or place, where the offence was committed, l|

40s.	be laid, out in the repair of the highway: and in cafe he wK

and on son- do not forthwith pay, or fccure to be paid, the faid (brioNh paywent,mav after fuch conviftion; then it (hall and may be lawful fern forTmonthi ^ juftices of the peace to commit fuch perfon or petal 1	to the common gaol, or houfe of correftion, ofthecoaf

tiding, divifion, city, corporation, precinft, or liberty, shal fuch offence (hall be committed, there to remain for anyth* not exceeding three months, unlefs the (aid forfeiture mIK fooner paid.

XLvII. And be it further enafted. That all penaltiesa| ,, forfeitures by this aft impofed for any offence againft thefiaij i and all cofts and chaises to be allowed and ordered by the as t thority of this aft (the manner of levying and recoraaglt e

_________ which is not hereby otherwife particularly direfted) (hall be k| f

Utherwifcdi- vied bydiftrefs and falc of thegoodsand chatties of theoftad*j , reftedpVreto qt perfon liable or ordered to pay the feme refoeftively, bywat tj *-e?nn rant under the hand and feal of fome juftice of the peace wr if fate, by war. county, ridihg, divifion, or place, where fuch offence, ttftf rapt of a ju- or default, (hall happen, or luch order for payment of foebedj (tice;	or charges (hall be made, rendering the overplus of fuch t&fbdL

if any, to the party or parties, after deducting the charges el * making the feme; which warrant fuch juftice is herein tape* y ered and required to grant upon conviftion of the offenderIf fe-confelfion, or upon the oath of one or more credible witndstf it witneffes, or upon order made as aforefaid; and tbe penalthl one half to and forfeitures, when fo levied, (hall be paid, the one half K tbe ufe of tbe the informer, and the other half to the furveyor of the higbag informer, and where fuch offence, negleft, or default, (hall happen; to beef b the other half ployed towards the repair thereof, unlefs otherwife direfltdty andforwant t*llsa<^: an<* 'n cafe fuch diftrefs cannot be found, andfacbft of diftrefs, the nalties and forfeitures, or the faid cofts or charges, (hall oath party it to be forthwith paid, it (hall and may be lawful for fuch juftice; ad committed; he is hereby authorized and required, by warrant underhiehai and feal, to commit fuch offender or offenders, or perfon or p#*

All penalties andforM. tures,andall cofts sod charges,

----1 not

fons liable to pay the fame refpeftively, to the common gwtt houfe of correftion of the county, riding, divifion, orpbm where the offence (hall be committed, or fuch order as aforehil (hall be made, for any time not exceeding three moothi; lefs the faid penalty, -forfeiture, cofts, or charges, thall ic^ee* tively be fooner paid: and if fuch offender or oftendere, or

Iw

li

Anno feptimo Georgii III. c. 42.	473

rfons liable or ordered to pay the fame refpeCtively, (hall a"d where be rf the jurifdiCtion of the juftice or juftices hereby au-^J^Y**!* to grant fuch warrant* it (hall and may be lawful for diaion oftbe :e 0? the peace of the county, riding, divifion, or place, juft ice zutho-fuch perfon (hall inhabit; and every fuchjuftice is here- rized to grant red, upon requeft to him for that purpofe made, and [uCh ^rra?I# rue copy of the conviction whereby fuch forfeiture or p^c^ue-was incurred, or of the order for the payment of fuch on applies-charges produced and proved by a credible witncfs upon tion, and co-r warrant under his hand and feal, to caufe the penalty Py°fthccon~ ture mentioned in fuch conviction, or the cods or charges Jcr placed ed in fuch order, to be levied by diftrefs and fale of the (hall lifoe hit* id chatties of fuch offender or offenders, or perfon or warrant actable or ordered to pay the fame refpeCtively, as afore- cordingly, 8cc. d if no fufficient diftrefs can be had, to commit fuchof-r offenders, or perfon or perfons liable as aforefaid, to mon gaol or houfe of correction of fuch county, riding,

, or place, for the time and in manner aforefaid.

III. And be it further enaCted, That every profecutor or Penalties or r may, at his election, fue for and recover any forfeiture forfeitures ty impofed by this aCt, either in the manner herein be-rCted, or by aCtion at law, to be brought by fuch infor- profecutor or profecutor in any of his Majefty’s courts of record in informer, d-following; (that is to fey) where any perfon (hall be ther in man-1 fuch pecuniary penalty, it (hall and may be lawful to «cr before d*. md recover the fame by aCtion of debt; in which it (hall T*t by ^aion :ient to declare, that the defendant is indebted to the of debt, where ’ in the fum of	being forfeited the penalty it

Ct pa fled in the feventh year of the reign of his prefenta pecunwy , intituled, An aft to explain^ amend, and reduce into one onc*

7rliament) the fcveralJlatutes now in being for the amend-d prefervation of the public highways of this kingdom y and r purpofes therein mentioned; and where the penalty or for- or by a6tiott is or (hall be of any horfe or other goods, by an aCtion of trovers \r againft the perfon liable to fuch penalty or forfeiture, where the pe-:h the forfeiture (hall be fufficient evidence of property to	"

intiff; and in which the value of fuch horfe or other borfe, or as is or are liable to the forfeiture, (hall be given in da- other’goods; without any proof of feizure or demand; and the plain- amj recover-he recover in any fuch aCtion, (hall have double cods: ing, isintided d that there (hall not be more than one recovery for theto double Fence; and that ten days notice, in writing, be given to cofts* ty offending, previous to the commencement of fuch ac-nd that the feme be brought and commenced within one ir month after the offence, for which fuch aCtion is t, (hall have been committed.

X.	Provided always, and be it further enaCted, That i*0 conviaion viCtion (hall be had or made by virtue of this aCt, unlefs to be had, but onfeffion of the party accufed, or upon the oath of one upon con-e credible witnefs or witneffes; and that any inhabitant a^a # pariff)* townihip, or place, in which any offence (hall be oath of a

committed

'47*	Anno feptimo GeoRGH III. C. 4	[1766.

feizure or	offences herein before mentioned; or make any refcue of cattle,

diftrefs,'	or othcr goods, diftrained by virtue of this aft; or if any con-

Sttle^oro- ^ble, headborough, or tythingman, (hall refufe or negleCt*to itbcr goodsi execute or obey any warrant or precept granted by any juftice or and conftables juftices of the peace, purfuant to the directions of this aft; every not duly exe- fuch perfon offending therein, and being convifted thereof, (hau warrant or f°r evcry fuch offence, forfeit any fum not exceeding ten pounds, preceptofany nor lefs than forty (hillings, at the difcretion of the juftice, or juftice} juftices of the peace before whom he or (he (hall be fo convicted* forfeit not ex-10 pa*,d t0 the furVeyor or furveyors of the highway of the nor k!» parifh, townfttip, or place, where the offence was committed, to 4os.	be laid out in the repair of the highway: and in cafe he or (he

and on non- do not forthwith pay, or fecure to be paid, the faid forfeiture, payment,, may after fuch conviction; then it (hall and may be lawful for fuch {^^'month*. j11^^ or juftices of the peace to commit fuch perfon or perfons *	to the common gaol, or houfe of correction, of the county,

riding, divifion, city, corporation, precinCt, or liberty, where fuch offence (hall be committed, there to remain for any time not exceeding three months, unlefs the faid forfeiture (hall be fooner paid.

XLVII. And be it further enaCted, That all penalties and forfeitures by this aCt impofed for any offence againft the fame, and all cofts and charges to be allowed and ordered by the authority of this aft (the manner of levying and recovering of which is not hereby otherwife particularly directed) (hall be levied by diftrefs and fale of the goods and chatties of the offender, or perfon liable or ordered to pay the fame refpeftively, bv warrant under the hand and feal of fome juftice of the peace for the county, riding, divifion, or place, where fuch offence, negleCt, or default, (hall happen, or fuch order for payment of fuch colls or charges (hall be made, rendering the overplus of fuch diftrefc. if any, to the party or parties, after deducting the charges of making the fame; which warrant fuch juftice is hereby impow-ered and required to grant upon conviction of the offender by confeflion, or upon the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witneffes, or upon order made as aforefaid; and the penalties and forfeitures, when fo levied, (hall be paid, the one half to the uCeoTthe the informer, and the other half to the furveyor of the highway informer, and where fuch offence, negleCt, or default, (hall happen; to be em-thc^her half p]°yCj towards the repair thereof, unlefs otherwife directed by andto want this aft: and in cafe fuch diftrefs cannot be found, and fuch pe-of diftrefs, the nalties and forfeitures, or the faid cofts or charges, (hall not be party U to be forthwith paid, it (hall and may be lawful for fuchiuftice, and he is hereby authorized and required, by warrant under his hand and feal, to commit fuch offender or offenders, or perfon or perfons liable to pay the fame refpeftively, to the common gaol or houfe of correction of the county, riding, divifion, or place, where the offence (hall be committed, or fuch order as aforefaid (hall be made, for any time not exceeding three months; un-lefs the faid penalty, forfeiture, cofts, or charges, (hall refpec-tively be fooner paid: and if fuch offender or ofienders, or per-

' fw

All penalties and forfeitures, and all cofts and charges, where not otherwife directed, are to be levied by diftrefs and fale, by warrant of a juftice)

one half to

committed)

1766.]	Anno feptlmo Georgii III. c. 42.	47$

on or perfons liable or ordered to pay the fame refpeftively, (hall and where he iv$ out of the jurifdiftion of the juftice or juftices hereby :horized to grant fuch warrant; it (hall and may be lawful for diaion of the iny juftice o? the peace of the county, riding, divifion, or place, juftice zutho-wherein fuch perfon (hall inhabit; and every fuch juftice is here- rized to grant by required, upon requeft to him for that purpofe made, and upon a true copy of the conviftion whereby fuch forfeiture or	up-

penalty was incurred, or of the order for the payment of fuch 0n applica-cofts or charges produced and proved by a credible witnefs upon tion, and cooath, by warrant under his hand and feal, to caufe the penalty p^££ihccon~ or forfeiture mentioned in fuch conviftion, orthecofts or charges ^V^oduoed mentioned in fuch order, to be levied by diftrefs and fale of the (hill iflbe hit* goods and chatties of fuch offender or offenders, or perfon or warrant ac-perfons liable or ordered to pay the fame refpeftively, as afore- cordingly, 5rc. faid; and if no fufficient diftrefs can be had, to commit fuch offender or offenders, or perfon or perfons liable as aforefaid, to the common gaol or houfe of correction of fuch county, riding, divifion, or place, for the time and in manner aforefaid.

XLVIII. And be it further enafted, That every profecutor or Penalties or informer may, at his election, fue for and recover any forfeiture forfeitures or penalty impofed by this aCt, either in the manner herein be-fore, directed, or by aCtion at law, to be brought by fuch infor- p%ft£utoror mer or profecutor in any of his Majefty’s courts of record in informer, d-xnanner following; (that is to (ay) where any perfon (hall be ther in man-liable to fuch pecuniary penalty, it (hall and may be lawful to nfk^°€C^lm fue for and recover the fame by aCtion of debt; in which it (hall rQr by i&jon be fufficient to declare, that the defendant is indebted to the of debt,where plaintiff in the fum of	being forfeited the penalty is

by an aft pafled in the feventh year of the reign of his prefenta pecuniary Majefty, intituled. An aft to explain^ amend, and reduce into one ***** an of parliament, the fcvcralJlatutes now in being for the amendment and prefervation of the public highways of this kingdom; and for other purpofes therein mentioned; and where the penalty or for- or ^ a&jog feiture is or (hall be of any horfe or other goods, by an aftion of trovers of trover againft the perfon liable to fuch penalty or forfeiture, where the pe-in which the forfeiture (hall be fufficient evidence of property to the plaintiff; and in which the value of fuch horfe or qther horfeTor* goods, as is or are liable to the forfeiture, (hall be given in da- other goods; .mages, without any proof of feizure or demand; and the plain- and recover-tiff, if he recover in any fuch aftion, (hall have double cofts: ing, is in tided provided that there (hall not be more than one recovery for theto double fame offence; and that ten days notice, in writing, be given tocofts* the party offending, previous to the commencement of fuch action; and that the feme be brought and commenced within one calendar month after the offence, for which fuch aftion is brought, (hall have been committed.

XLIX. Provided always, and be it further enafted, That n0 conviftion no conviftion (hall be had or made by virtue of this aft, unlefs to be had, but upon confeffion of the party accufed, or upon the oath of one upon Conor more credible witnefs or witneffes; and that any inhabitant of any parift), townthip, or place, in which any offence (hall be oath of a

committed witnefs.

474	Anno	feptlmo	GeoRGII	III.	C.42.	[1766.	j

inhabitants committed contrary to this adl, (hall be deemed a competent deemed com- witnefs, notwithftanding his or her being an inhabitant of ftich | neffe”! Wlt" parilh, townftiip, or place.	J

Juft ices im-	L. And be it further enadted. That it (hall and may be

powered to lawful for any juftice or juftices of the peace to adminifter an f adminifter oat|1 to any wltncfs or witneffes, or other perfon or perfons, for cafes*relative the better difcovery and execution of the feveral matters or things totheexecu- herein before authorized or directed to be examined, inquired tion of this into, or performed, by fuch juftice or juftices refpedtively. ifftreftfo LI. And be it further cnadted, That where any diftrefe money not* Ihsdl be mac*e f°r anY ^um or fums °f money to be levied by vir-deoned un- tue of this a<ft, the diftrefs itfelf (hall not be deemed unlawfol, lawful. &c. nor the party or parties making the fame be deemed a trefpafe for default of or trefpaffers, on account of any default or want of form in airy proceedings; proceedings relating thereto; nor (hall the party or parties & nor the party draining be deemed a trefpaffer or trefpaffers ab initio, on*-making it a count of any irregularity which (hall be afterwards done by the trefpaffer ab party or paries diftraining; but the perfon or perfons aggrieved want of any ty irregularity, may recover full fatisfadlion for theVpcciil fubfequent7 damage in an action on the cafe.

irregularity. LII. Provided alwavs, That no plaintiff or plaintiffs dial) re-Plaintiff in cover in any adtion tor any irregularity, trefpafs, or wrongful ftc^inrgula- Proceedings, if tender of fufficient amends (hall be made by or rity, See. not on the behalf of the party or parties who (hall have committed, to recover, or caufed to be committed, any fuch irregularity, trefpafs, or where tender wrongful proceedings, before fuch adtion brought: and in cafe beerTmadebe- no tcn(*er fhall have been made, it (hall and may be lawful fore adtion	lor the defendants in any fuch adtion, by leave of the court

brought.	where fuch adtion (hall depend, at any time before iflbe joined,

Defendant al- to p3y jnt0 court fuch fum of money as he or they fhall fee fit; money^nto^ thereupon fuch proceedings, or orders and judgement, (hiU court before he had, made, and given, in and by fuch court, as in other ao-iilue joined, tions where the defendant is allowed to pay money into court. Perfons ag- LIII. Provided alfo, and be it further enadted, That if any grieved .Where perfon (hall think himfelf or herfelf aggrieved by any thing done tlrad'of relief *n Pur^uance °f X^IS an^ f°r which no particular method cf j is appointed, relief hath been already appointed; or if any perfon (hall, at any or injured by time hereafter, think himfelf or herfelf injured by the inclofing the inclofing 0f any common highway, after a writ of ad quod damnum iffued, Weh^ay^may an<* *n<ll,*ht*on thereupon taken; then, in any of the faid cafe$ appeal to the* every fuch perfon may appeal to the juftices of the peace at any general quar- general quarter feffions of the peace to be held for the county, ter iefiions; riding, divifion, city, corporation, precindt, or liberty, wherein the caufeof fuch complaint (hall arife, and within four months after the caufe of fuch complaint (hall have arifen, or after the inclofing of fuch common highway as aforefaid; fuch appellant giving notice giving, or caufing to be given, eight days notice at the leaft in | ot fucii iii- writing of his or her intention to bring fuch appeal, and of the tention, matter thereof, to the juftice or other perfon or perfons againft and entering whom fuch complaint (hall be made; and, within (bur days af-mdcT&c”1 ter fuch notice, entering into recognizance before fome juftice

475

1766.] Anno fepdmo Georgii III. c. 41.'

of the peace for the faid county, riding, divifion, city, corporation, precinft, or liberty, with one fufticient furety, conditioned to try fuch appeal at, and abide the order of, and pay fuch colls as (hall be awarded by, the juAices of fuch quarter leflion; and Proceedings every iuAice of the peace, and other perfon, having received no- bad before any tice of fuch appeal as aforcfaid, (hall return all proceedings what- juftiee, rela-eyer had before them refpe«5lively, touching the matter of fuch matter of fuch appeal, to the faid juAices at their general quarter feflions afore- appeal, to be find, on pain of forfeiting five pounds for every fuch negled; returned totbe and the faid juftices at'fuch feflion, upon due proof of fuch no-	quar-

tice being given as aforefaid, and of the entering into fuch recog- ^^5°^’ nizance, (hall hear and finally determine the caufes and matters courts pro", of fuch appeal in a fummary way, and award fuch cofts to the ceed in a Fura-parties appealing or appealed againft as they, the faid jufiices, mary way, Jhall think proper; to be levied and recovered as herein before and aw^L direded; and the determination of fuch quarter feflions (hall be and*their de-final and conclufive to all intents and purpofes; and that no termination to proceeding to be had or taken in purfuance of this ad (hall be be final, quafhed or vacated for want of form, or removed by Certiorari, or any other writ or procefs whatfoever, except as herein before mentioned, into any of his Majefty’s courts of record at !VeJi~ mnjier\ any law or fiatute to the contrary notwithftanding.

LIV. Provided, That no fuch appeal (hall be made againft any where ap-convidion, for the forfeiture of any horfe or other beaft by vir- peal is made tue of this ad, unlefs the perfon convided (hall, at the time of againft the fuch convidion, give notice of his or her intention to appeal; and at the fame time enter into recognizance, with fufficient	horfej

fureties, to pay the value of fuch horfe or other bead, in cafe &c.	9

fuch convidion (hall be affirmed upon fuch appeal; and upon Notice of ap« his or her giving fuch Security, fuch horfe or other bead (hall be P?*111 * forthwith delivered to fuch perfon.	tlmeof con-

vidion, and recognizance, with fureties, entered into; and horfe to be thereupon returned.

LV. And be it further enaded. That if any adion or fuit Limitation of lhall be commenced againft any perfon or perfons for any thing a&ions. done or aded in purfuance of this ad, then, and in every fuch cafe, fuch adion or fuit (hall be commenced or profecuted within three calendar months after the fad committed, and not afterwards; and the fame, and every fuch adion or fuit, (hall be brought in the county, riding, divifion, city, corporation, pre-cind, or liberty, where the perfon againft whom fuch adion or fuit (hall be commenced doth ordinarily inhabit and refide, or in which the fad was committed, and not elfewhere; and the defendant or defendants, in every fuch adion or fuit, (hall and may plead the general iflue, and give this ad and the fpecial General iffue. matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuance and by the authority of this pre-fent ad: and if the fame (hall appear to have been fo done, or if any fuch adion or fuit (hall be brought after the time limited for bringing the fame, or be brought and laid in any other county, riding, divifion, city, corporation, precind, or liberty,

5	than

476	Anno	feptlmo	Georgii III.0.42.'	{1766.

than as afore-mentioned, then the jury (hall find for the defendant or defendants; or, if the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall become nonfuit, or difeontinue his, her, or their aftion after the defendant or defendants (hall have appeared; or if, upon demurrer, judgement (hall be given againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs; the Treble cofts. defendant or defendants (hall and may recover treble cods, and have the like remedy for recovery thereof, as any defendant or defendants hath or have in any other cafes by law*

LVI. And be it further enafted, That this act, and every claufe, provifion, and regulation, herein contained, (hall commence and take effeft on the twenty firft day of September next LVII. And) to the intent that there may be only one law fubfiJHag for the feveral purpofes aforefaid, be it further enafted and declared, That from and after the twenty firft day of September next following, an aft parted in the thirteenth year of the reign of King Edward the Firft, afeertaining the breadth of highways fading from one mar bet town to another; as alfo an act parted in the fourteenth and fifteenth of King Henry the Eighth, for altering of highways in the IVeld fl/'K.ent; as alfo an adt or bill parted in the twenty fixth of King Henry the Eighth, intituled. The bid * Sc 3 Phil. k for the highways in the county of Suflex; as alfo an adt palled in r	the fecond and third of King Philip and Queen Mary, intituled,

The Jlatutefor the mending of highways ; as alfo an adt parted in the fifth of Queen Elizabeth, intituled. An aft for the contimtamt of the Jlatute made J'econdand third Philip and Mary yfor the amendment of highways ; as alfo an adt parted in the eighteenth of Queen Elizabeth, intituled. An aft of addition unto the former afts for amending and repairing of highways; as alfo an adt parted in the twenty leventh of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An aft for explaining of theJlatute for the amending of the highways between Middle-ton and the King’s Ferry leading into the ijle of Sheppey in tht county of Kent ; as alfo an adt parted in the thirty ninth of Queen Elizabeth, intituled. An aft for the amendment of highways its Suffex, Surry, and Kent; as alfo fo much of an aft parted in the twenty fecond of King Charles the Second, (intituled. An additional aft for the better repairing of highways and bridges) as relates iys;	to the highways; as alfo fo much of an aft parted in the fecond

andfomuchof of King JVilliam and Queen Miry (intituled, An aft for paving Mar	an<^ c^eanfwS fleets in the cities of London and Weftminfter,

U*t%iol\\V an&fuburbs and liberties thereof and out parijloes in the county if power of mak- Middlefex and in the borough of Southwark, and other places within mg alfeff- the weekly bills of mortality in the county of Surry, and for regulating menu for re- markets therein mentioned) as relates to the power therein given to make afleflments for the purpofe of repairing the highways ; as alfo fo much of an aft palled in the third year of King JVilliam and Queen Mary, (intituled, An aft for the better re-

Commencement of this aft.

Repeal of aft i3Edw. i;

V4&15 Hen. * i

*6 Hen. 8;

Mary; 5 Eliz.

it Eliz. 17 Eliz.

39 Eliz.

and fo much of aft 11 Car. a, as relates to highway

pairing the highways; and fo much of aft 3 Will

Will. 3; An aft for the better amending and repairing the highways, and ex-X & 9 Will. 3 5 planation of the laws relating thereunto; as alfo an aft parted in the

eighth

1766.] Anno feptimo Gsoroii III. c. 44.	477

eighth and ninth of King William the Third, intituled. An ail ft* enlarging commonhighways; as alfb an ad pafTed in the fixth Ann*, of Queen Anne, intituled. An ail to repeal a tlaufe in an all of the feyenth	yeartf the reign of bis late Majefty, far amending and

repairing the highways $ which enjoins waggoners and others to draw with a pole between the wheel horfes, or with double fhafts, and to oblige them to draw-only with fix horfes or other fceafts, except up hills j as alfo an of the ninth of Queen 9 Ann*. Anne, intituled, An ail to render moreeffeGstal an ail made in the .

Jixtb year of her prefent	Majefty, intituled. An a<5t to repeal	a

daufe in an aft of the feventh year of the reign of his late Majefty for amending highways, which enjoins waggoners and others to draw with a pole between the wheel horfes, or with double fhafts, and to oblige them to draw only with fix horfes or other beafts, except up hills; as alfo an ad palled in the < Geo. r; firft year of King George the Firft, intituled. An ail to refrain all waggoners, tarriers, and others, from drawing any carriage with more than five horfes in length; as aUb another ad palled > Geo. 1. in the firft year of King George the Firft, intituled. An ail for mating the laws for repairing the highways more effeitual; as alfo an 5 Geo. 1. ad palled in the fifth year of George the Firft, intituled, An alt for making	more effeHual the feveral alls paftedfor repairing and amend-

tag the highways of tins kingdom; as alio an ad palled in the 7 Geo. s. feventh year of his late majefty King George the Second, intituled, An ail to explain ana make more effeilual the laws in being to oblige the poffeffors of lands adjacent to common highways, to cut and keep fuchlow hedges as are adjoining to the faid highways j as alfo and to much to much of an ad palfed in the ninth year of the reign of his of aft 9 late majefty King George the Second, intituled. An all for re-t riving and continuing the alls therein mentioned, and for explaining daufe in aft tmd amending a daufe in an all made in the firft year of the reign 1 Geo. r. to of his late majefty King George the Firft, intituled. An ad for markertowhsi snaking the laws for repairing the highways more eflfedual j relating to the appointing fcavengers in cities and market towns, and the ordering the affelfments for the repairing and cleanfing the ftreets therein, as extends the daufe in the laid ad, made in the firft year of King George the Firft, unto market towns; as alfo lo much of an ad palled in the fourteenth year of King and fomuch of George the Second, intituled. An alt for the prefervation of the ad 14 Goo. *. puMici roads in that part of Great Britain called England, as fhsbMiwa** relates to the highways of this kingdom, not being turnpike bejnjj roads; as alfo an ad palfed in the fifteenth year of King George turnpike the Second, intituled, An aH to repeal fo much of an	road*»

in the laft fejfons of parliament, intituled. An ad for the piei'er- Aft 15Geo,*, vation of the publick roads in that part of Great Britain called England, as obliges perfons, not travelling for hire, to make life of waggons with wheels bound with ftreaks or tire of a certain breadth, or the faid ftreaks to be fattened with nails of a certain fize j as alfo an ad pafted in the ftxteenth year of King 16 Geo. George the Second, intituled. An all for allowing carts to be drawn mnth four horfes; as alfo an ad palfed in the twenty fixth year ,5 Geo, a,

. Vol. XXVII.	I	i	of	1

Anna feptima GeoRGII 111. C. 43.

year of King George the Second, intituled. An aftfor the preventing ofthe inconveniences and dangers that may arifefrm the prefent methods of digging gravel, fand^ftone, chalky and other maUriahy on the fevered commons and wade grounds within the kingdom, for the repair of the o" aft "oGeo highway s> and for other purpofes; as alfo fo much of an ad pafied », as refates * in thirtieth year of the reign of his late majefty King George to the pubiick the Second, intituled. An aft to explain and amend an aft made llreets or in the eighteenth year of his prefent Majefty*s reigny to prevent tie commoa mijbehaviour of the drivers of carts in the Jlreets in London, Weft-vmhi^London minder, tmd the limits of the weekly hills of mortality, and fee or Weftmin- other purpofes in this aft mentioned; as relates to the pubiick fter, or limits ftreets or common highways of this kingdom, not being within wcckly the cities of London or JVeflminftery or within the limits of the *	weekly	bills	of	mortality	; (hall be, and- the (acne sure hereby,

repealed.

CAP. XLIII.

An aft to amend and enforce the afts of the eighteenth, twenty firft, and thirty fecond years of the reign of bis late majefty King George the Secondy for the more effeftnel preventing the fraudulent importation and wearing of eatb bricks and French lawns.

Preatnble, re- Wf PEREAS an aft pajfed in the eighteenth year of the reip citing a6h i$. V V of his late majefty King George the Secondy intituled. An Geo, a. ad for prohibiting the wearing and importation of cambricks and French lawns ; and alfo one other aft paffid in the twenty fief year of the reign of his faid late Majefty, intituled, An ad for explaia-ai eo. s.	amending^	ancj	enforcing, an ad made in the eighteenth

year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An aft fie prohibiting the wearing and importation ofcambricks and F rench lowest and another aft made in the thirty fecond year of the reign of bis fiui *	late majefty King George the Secondy intituledy An ad for the mot

and 1% Geo. *. cfFe«Stual preventing the fraudulent importation of cambricks and French lawns, have been found ineffeftual: may it therefore pkeft your Majeftyy that it may be enafted ; and be it enaded by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and con* fent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the (acne, No cambrick That from and after the firft day of July, one tnoufand fevea or French hundred and fixty feven, no cambrick or French lawn (hall be ImMrtcdlnto >mPorte(linio any part of Great Britain, except into the portot any part of London only.

Great Britain, except into the port of London, after i July, 17675 and in Britifti II. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That (hips navigat- no fuch cambrick or French lawn (hall be allowed to be im-colaw<-rding Ported >nto the PQrt °f London from any part beyond thefeas, notice thereof excePr *n Britijb (hips navigated according to law; and except nor*ce be firft given to the commiflioners of his Majefty’s cu-given to the ftoms of the fpecies, and quantity, and marks of the packages, commiflion- of fuch cambricks and French lawns, and the name of the Slip <r^of the cu- ^ which the fame are intende4 tg be importedj and a licence 5,	| givO

<

Anno feptimo GeoRGH III. C. 43.	4

given under the hands of the commiflioners of his Majefty’s and a licence cuftoms in England for the time being, or any three of them, gained for for the landing thereof, within thirty days from the date ofthc 30 ing* fuch licence; which licence they are hereby authorized and required to grant without any fee or reward, or any other charge to the perfon demanding the fame: and if any cambricks ^lublc to or French lawns (hall be imported into Great Britain contrary forfeituA u*. to the intention of this aft, or without fuch licence as is here- gether with in before direfted, fuch goods, with the package containing tb« veflel. the fame, together with the (hip or veflel in which the fame (hall be imported, (hall be forfeited and loft, and (hall and may be feized and profccuted as herein after mentioned; any law, custom, or ufage, to the contrary notwithftanding.

III.	Provided always. That no fuch licence (hall be grant- Licence to he

cd for the importation or landing of any cambricks or French	to

lawns in any other package, or in any lefs quantity, than is ^ direfted and allowed by the laft recited aft of the thirty fecond prcfcnbed by year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second. aft %% Geo. »•

IV.	And it is hereby further enafted. That fuch licence (hall and to be date produced and delivered up by the matter or perfon taking livered up by .charge of the (hip wherein fuch cambricks or French lawns (hall maftcr» be imported, together with the marks, numbers, and contents

pf each package, endorfed on the back thereof, to the colleftor at the time and comptroller of the cuftoms, at the time of entering and re- ofentering porting fuch (hip, on the forfeiture of one hundred pounds ; and tho vcfic™*1* Such cambricks and French lawns (hall upon landing, be ware- and the goods houfed under the like rules, regulations, and reftriftions; andtobeware-fhall not be afterwards delivered out of fuch warehoufe, but on boufed ; condition to be exported to fome of the Britijh colonies or and delivered plantations in America, under the like fecurities and reftriftions f°r«*Pol> as are exprefled and direfted in the faid laft recited aft of thela on 0 thirty fecond year pf the reign of King George the Second, and Upon payment of the fame duties as they are now liable to by law.

V.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That No cambrick from and after the twenty fourth day of Juney one thoufand ?r lawn to be feven hundred and fixty eight, no cambrick or lawn whatfoever

ihall be imported from the kingdom of Ireland., into any part the importa-of Great Britain, until the importation of cambricks and French tion oicam-jawns into the kingdom of Ireland (hall be prohibited by law, brick* and upon pain of forfeiting the faid goods, and the further penal fum ^"tbat ^wrnf q( five pounds for every piece ofcambrick or lawn fo imported, kingdom be

VI.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, prohibited by That from and after the faid firft oay of July, one thoufand

feven hundred and fixty feven, where any (hip or veflel what- VeflcJs from foever coming or arriving from foreign parts, and having on foj^dbover* hoard any cambrick or French lawns, without fuch licence as is jng on thc herein before direfted, (hall be found at anchor or hovering with- coaft, &c. in the limits of any of the ports of Great Britain, or within two having on leagues of the (hore, or (hall be difeovered to have becn^r^ckyor within the limits of any port, and not proceeding on her voyage, pJ^chUwns „	I	2	"	wind	not licenced.

are liable to forfeiture, ^ together with the goods.

Foreign cam-brick, or French lawn, found in pof-fcffion of any hawker or pedler, are liable to forfeiture, with all the other .goods in the pack.

Goods feised to be deposited in the King's ware-houtes, and to be free to inspection j

and, after condemnation, to be Stamped.

and fold for exportation.

The money arifmg by the fale to be divided between the crown and the officer.

Bond to be

§iven for the ue exportation thereofi

Anno feptimo Georgii III. c. 43,	£1766.

wind and weather permitting, (unlefs in cafe of unavoidable necelGty and diftrefs of weather, of which neceffity and diftrffs the mailer, purfer, or other perfon, having or taking the chaige or command of fuch (hip or veflel, (hall give notice to, and make proof of before, the collector or other chief 'officer of the cuiloms of fuch port as aforefaid, immediately after the arrival of fuch (hip or veiTel into the faid port) all fuch cambrickor French lawn, together with the chefts, boxes, and other package whatfoever, containing the fame goods, and the flnp or veiTel on board which the fame fhall be found, or the value thereof, (hall be forfeited and loft (whether bulk (haO hate been then broken or not) and the fame goods and package, (ball and may be feized and profccuted, or the value thereof be recovered by any officer or officers of the cuftoms or excife, in manner herein after mentioned; any law, ftatute, or cuflom tri the contrary notwithftanding.

VII.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the firll day of Julj9 one thoufand feven hundred and fixty feven, if any foreign cambrick or Freud lawn fhall be found in the pofleflion of any hawker, pcdlen or petty chapman, fuch hawker, pedler, or petty chapman, (nail not only forfeit fuch foreign cambricks and French lawns, but alfo all the other goods contained in the pack where fuch goodi fhall be found ; and (hall alfo be adjudged to have forfeited his licence.

VIII.	And be it further enaAed by the authority aforefaidy That forthwith, after the feizure of any fuch cambricks or Ftend lawns, or as foon after as conveniently may be, the fame (ha! be fent to, and depofited in, one of the King's warehoufes belonging to the cuftom-houfe in London; and all and every fuch cambricks and French laws may, from time to time, be viewed and infpe&ed by any perfon or perfons on behalf of the profecn-tor or profecutors, or of the perfon or perfons interefted in, <* claiming the faid cambricks or French lawns ; and the commit fioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms are hereby required to make and give fufficient orders from time to time For that purpofe ; and after condemnation thereof, in due courfe of law, all and every fuch cambricks or French lawns (hall be (lamped or marked in fuch manner as the commiflioners of the cuftoms in latidy or any three or more of them, fhall diredl; and fhall be publickly fold to the beft advantage, for exportation to the £rf-tijb colonies or plantations in America only; and one moiety of the produce or money arifing by the fale of fuch cambricks and French lawns fhall be to the ufe of his Majefty, hi$ heirs, and fucceflors, and the other moiety thereof to the ufe of the officer or officers who lhall feizt ana fecure the fame : and no fuch cambricks or French lawns lhall be fold otherwife than on condition to be exported as aforefaid ; and (hall not be delivered out of the warehoufe or place wherein the fame (hall have been fecured, until fufficient fecurity, by bond (hall be firft given to the King’s majefty, his heirs, and fucedfors, which

•	the

ij66.] Anno ieptimo Georgii III. c. 43.	481

the commiflioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms are hereby impowered and required to take, that the fame, and every part thereof, (hall be exported as aforefaid, and not landed again in any place except the faid colonies or plantations; which bonds (hall and may be difeharged without fee or reward upon, certificate tobedifeharg-returaed, figned by the collector or other proper officer of fuch «d uP°n cer" colony or plantation, that the goods were there landed; orcoi^in'g^here-upon proof by two credible perfons that fuch goods were taken to on proof of by the enemies, or perifhed in the Teas, the examination and the goods proof thereof being hereby left to the judgement of the faid ***“ commiflioners; which commiflioners are hereby impowered enenny or and required, from time to time, to call upon the perfon or at fea % perfons who have entered into fuch fecurity to produce fuch certificate or proof as aforefaid; and in default of producing fuch <*b«Nvife jp certificate or proof, to the fatisfadion of the faid commiflioners, ** put m ult# fuch bonds (hall and may be put in fuit, and profecuted by or-* der of the laid commiflioners, againft the perfon or perfons who ihall fo make default, in fuch manner as offences of the like Wind are fued or profecuted by any law or ftatute of this realm.

IX.	-AAd be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That Where, after if any officer or officers (hall neglect or refufe, for the fpace ofonc°?ndci,>“1' month after the condemnation of fuch goods, to profecute to

effed any perfon or perfons for any penalty or forfeiture by t0 Cue forthe (bis ad infiided upon offenders againft the fame; that then, penalty, and in every fuch cafe, it fhali be lawful for any perfon or per- any perfon ions whomfoever to fue for, profecute, and recover the refpec- may fue for, live penalties or forfeitures by this ad inflided, by adion of*nd recover debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majefty’sthc famc* ■courts of record in IVtJlminJltr, or court of exchequer in &*/-JoMd$ together with cofts of fuitj wherein no efloin, pro-tedion, privilege, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed \ and that one moiety of fuch penalties to be divided *pd forfeitures (hall be to the ufe of the King’s majefty, his between the Weirs, and fucceflors, and the other moiety thereof to fuch per-ion or perfons as (hall fue for, and recover the fame.	p

X.	And be it furtherenaded by the authority aforefaid. That Cambricksfa-all cambricks, or goods of the kind ufually known under that bricated in denomination, which from and after the twenty ninth day of^^(Srape3 Sep timber, one thoufand (even hundred and fixty feven, (hall at each end. be woven or fabricated in Gnat Britain, (hall be marked or

damped at each end of every piece with fuch mark or (lamp, and by fuch officer or officers, as the commiflioners of the ex-* eife in that part of Great Britain called England, and that part of Great Britain called Scotland, (hall refpedively dired and appoint for that purpofe.

XI.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, Commiflion-That h (ball and may be lawful to and for the faid refpedive commiflioners of cxcife for the time being, or the major part m^e to them Bt them from time to time, upon requeft made to them by any by the maker

• fuch perfon or perfons, and at the expence of fuch perfon or per- ™ ProP*let°r feps, to provide fuch mark# or (lamps at U> the laid refpedive^cambnckSf

1 i 3	com-

may order ftamps to be made ;

or dire£t and appoint of-

cut out of the loom.

Anno feptimo Georgii III. C. 43.	[1766^

c.ommiffioners, or the major part of them, (hall feem proper; or to direct and appoint one or more (iipervifor or other officer or officers of the excife, of the diftriCt or divifion in which any fuch manufa&ijre (hall be carried on, to marie or ftamp each Seers*toftampan(l every piece °f fuch cambrick, or goods of the kind ufually the pieces, * known under that denomination, which (hall be made, wovc^ or fabricated, by fuch perfon or perfons applying as aforefaid, with fuch mark or (lamp, or marks or (lamps, in manner for which they herein after mentioned ana diredled j and the officer or officers al^the com*1^ cxc^e v?ho be appointed to mark or (lamp fuch goods, roiffioners1* (hall, by the fabricator, maker, weaver, or proprietor of fuch Diall direct. goods, be paid, for every piece of fuch goods which he or they (hall mark or (lamp in purfuance of this a£t, fuch fum as the commiflioners of excife for the time being, or the major part of them, ihall dire<5Tand appoint.

Notice for the XII. And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, ^iven^tothe* ^at all and every perfon and perfons who (hall weave, febri-officers]*and cate> or make, any fuch cambrick, or goods of the kind ufuaDf the goods to known by that denomination, (hall, before the fame (hall be be itampt be- taken or cut out of the loom, give notice in writing of finithing fore they are 0f evcry or any piece or pieces of fuch goods, to fuch fuper-vifor or other officer as aforefaid 5 who, before any fuch piece of goods (hall be cut out of the loom, (hall mark or ftamp both ends of fuch piece of goods with fuch mark or ftamp as (hall be provided and appointed for that purpofe in manner aforefaid; on penalty of upon pain that every perfon who (hall weave, make, or 51*	” fabricate, fuch cambrick, or goods of the kind ufually known

by that denomination, and (hall cut or take any piece of fuck goods out of the loom after the fame (hall have been finifhed, or permit the fame to be done without having firft given fuch notice in writing, and having fuch piece marked or damped as aforefaid, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit the fum of fin and forfeiture pounds ; and the goods fo cut out of the loom, without fuck of the goods. notice being given, and fuch marks or (lamps being fet thereon, in planner herein before dire&ed, (hall be forfeited, aod (hall and may be feized by any officer or officers of the cuftom; or excife.

XIII. And be it further enacfled by the authority aforefaid, That every fupervifor, or other officer of the excife of the dif* fonabie notice trj^ jn which any fuch manufacture of cambrick, or goods of the given im, hind ufually known by or under that denomination, mall be carried on, who (hall be fo.&s aforefaid appointed by the commif-(ionersof the excife, or the major part of them, to mark or ftamp fuch goods upon reafonable notice given to him or them by any perfon or perfons who (hall make, weave, or fabricate, any fuch goods, that any piece of fuch goods is finifhed, (hall forthwith, or as foonas conveniently may be, confident with other the duty anil bufinefs of his office, in manner herein before dire&ed, mark or (lamp both ends of fuch piece of goods with fuch mark or ftamp as (hall be fo appointed and provided for that purpofe; and alfo fix or fet a diflindt and feparate number to every piece

••	tf

Officer to attend, on rea-

V766.3 Anno fepdmo GeoRGII III. c. 43.	483

©f fuch goods, before the fame (hall be taken out of theioom 5 -J11 onkjt0 af*

and alfo make a juft and true entry in writing, in proper books ”x^theftamps*

to be provided for that purpofe at the expence of the manufac- ^^e entnTof

turer of fuch goods, of the number fet to each piece of fuch theN°fetto

goods, and the number of yards which each piece of fuch each piece,

goods (hall contain in length; and alfo the number of threads and the N° of

contained in the warp of each piece of fuch goods 5 upon pain

that every fupervifor, or other officer fo appointed as aforefaid, of threads

who (hall, upon reafonable notice given as aforefaid of thefinifh- in the warp j

iflgof any piece of fuch goods, negledlor refufeto mark or (lamp

any piece of fuch goods in manner herein before directed, or

to fix or fet a diftindt and feparate number on each piece of

fuch goods, or to make a true and juft entry in manner aforefaid

of the number fet or affixed to each piece of fuch goods, and of

the number of yards which each piece thereof (hall contain in

length, and alfo the number of threads contained in the warp

of each piece of fuch goods5 (hall, for every fuch refufal or on fbrfeituie

negledl, forfeit and pay the fum of five pounds fterling money.*of5l.

XIV.	And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, Officers frau-That if any fuch fupervifor, or other officer or officers of the dulently excife, who (hall be fo appointed to feal or (lamp fuch cambricks,

or who (hall have the cuftody of any mark or (lamp which (hall be fo done, ! be fo provided and appointed to mark or (lamp fuch goods, (hall any jgoods not therewith mark or (lamp any cambricks or lawns, or goods of fabricated in the kind ufually known by or under thofe denominations, which Grcat Britain, * lhall not have been made, wove, or fabricated in Great Britain, or (hall knowingly permit it to be done; or lhall mark or (lamp or after their any piece of fuch goods, after the fame (hall be taken out of the being taken loom ; every fuch fupervifor, or other officer or officers, fo mark- *** ing or (lamping any fuch cambricks or lawns, or goods of the forfeits 501. kind ufually known under either of thofe denominations, or per piece, wilfully or knowingly permitting the fame to be done contrary to the true intent and meaning of this h6l, (hall forfeit the fum of fifty pounds for every piece of fuch goods which he or they (hall fo mark or (lamp, or permit or fuffer to be marked or (lamped, contrary to the true intent and meaning of thisadl; and fuch fu- and is incapa-. pervifor, or other officer or officers, upon being convidled of Stated i either or any of the offences aforefaid, (hall lofe his or their office or offices and employments, and is and are hereby declared and rendered ever after incapable of having, ufing, or enjoying, any office or place of truft under his Majefty, his heirs, and fucceflors.

XV.	And be it further enadled by the authority aforefaid, That and the per* if any perfon or perfons (hall, by bribery, fraud, covin, deceit,or eTi^procur-impofition, or in any other manner whatfoever, prevail on, or ing^uchTrau'd procure any officer or officers of the excife, or other perfon who to be commit-(hall be appointed to mark or (lamp any cambricks, or who (hall ed j

have the cuftody of any mark or (lamp, to mark or (lamp any piece or pieces of cambrick or lawn, or of goods of the kind	■	,

ufually known under either of thofe denominations, which (hall	,

pot ^ave been actually and bona fide made, wove, or fabricated,

J14	»	,

otberwife, to corrupt officers, to affix the damps falfly to any piece.

fovfck j#l,

Oflloer to tranfmit to tha commif-fioners of ex* cife an account yearly of the N# of pieces ftanpt by r

484	Anno fcptlmo GeoRGH III. c. 4J,	J1766.

m Great Britain5 or after the fame (hall have been cut or taka out of the loom, contrary to the true intent and meaning of their aiders this aSt 1 all and every fuch offender and offenders, and his and abettors, 1Bcj their aiders, abettors, and affiftants, being thereof law-and^oftandin convi&ed, fhall for every fuch offence, forfeit and lots the the pillory; futn of one hundred pounds, and be adjudged to ftand in the and perfons pillory two hours : and if any perfon or perfons (hall give, pay, attempting by or fecure, or offer to give, pay, or fecure, to any fuch officer bribery, or or officers, or other perfon as aforefaid, any bribe, recom» pence, or reward, of any kind whatfocver, in order to corrupt, perfuade, or prevail on, fuch officer or officers, or other perfon, to fet or affix fuch mark or ftamp as aforefaid to any piece or pieces of cambrick, dire&ed by this aft to be marked or damped, which (hall not have been actually and bonapda made, wove, and fabricated, in Great Britain, or after the fame (hal have been taken out of the loom; fuch perlbn or perfons fo offending (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and lofe the fum of fifty pounds.

XVI.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That all and every fupervifor, or other officer or officers of ex-cife, who (hall in manner aforefaid be appointed to mark or damp any cambricks in purfuance of this ad, (hall yearly and every year (while fuch officers (hall have the cudody of any fuck damp provided and appointed for that purpofe in manner afors-faid) in the month of June, tranfmit and fend to the commit* fioners of excife in London or Edinburgh refpedively, a full, true, and juft, account, in writing, of all and every piece and pieces of fuch goods which he or they (hall mark or (lamp in purfuance and a copy of of this ad; and alfo a true copy of all and every entry or en-his entries; tries, of any kind whatfoever, wnich he or they (hall make in any fuch book or books provided for that purpofe, in any wife relating thereto, for and during the twelve calendar months next diftinguUhing preceding the faid month of June; diftinguiihing'tn fuch ac-the manu- counts the feveral manufacturers or proprietors, if there (hall be fa&urers 5 more than one fuch in fuch officers diftrid, who (hall have mads on penalty of °r he owners of fuch goods; upon pain of being difmificd difmiflkm. from his or their employ as an officer or officers of the excite: The ftamps to and all and every fuch officer or officers having the cuftody of be delivered any fuefi mark or ftamp as aforefeid, his or their executors orad-miniftrators, or fuch other perfon or perfons in whole cuftody or power the fame (hall fall or come by the death of fuch officer or officers, or in any other manner, (hall, upon demand or order from or by the commiffioners of excife, or the major part of them, deliver up to fuch commiffioners, or fuch perfon or perfons as they (hall appoint to receive the fame, all and every fuch mark or ftamp which (hall have been delivered to fuch officer or officers, or by any other means come or fallen into the hands, Cuftody, or power, of foch officer or officers, or other perfons whatfoever; upon pain that any fuch officer or officers, or other perfons, refuting or neglediing fo to do, upon any fuch order or demand 9$ aforefeid, (hall forfeit and lota the fun of tww

hundred

by him;

upon demand, or order of the commiifion-ew,

•a forfeiture of aool.

17 66J]	Anno feptimo Georoii m. c. 43.	485

hundred pounds; to be recovered and applied in manner herein after mentioned.

XVIL And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforcfaid, Goods found That if any cambrick, or goods of the kind ufually known by not legally or under that denomination, made, wove, or fabricated, in Great Britain, after the faid twenty ninth day of September, one thou-fand feren hundred and fixty fevcn, lhail be found in any place whatfoever in Great Britain, without being marked or damped at each end of every whole and entire peace, and at one end of every remnant of fuch cambrick, or goods of the kind ufually known by or under that denomination, all fuch goods (hail areUableto be forfeited, and fhall and may be feized by any officer of the ma^be excife or cuftoms ; and fuch officer or officers is and are hereby fazed, 7 indemnified for feising fuch goods; and fuch goods fo feifed lhail and depofited be depofited in the King’s warehoufe at the cuftom houfe at **n th5 "ing ‘ dtu,or in the excife office next to the place where the fame lhail ware“ou*e* i be feifed; and after condemnation thereof, by due courfe of law, and after cou-fhall be publickly fold to the beft bidderj and that one moiety demnation, of the produce arifing from the fale thereof, after deducting the publickly Ibid, charges and expences attending the condemnation and hue of Moneyarifiag fuch goods, fhall be to the ufe of his Majefty, his heirs, and th fucceflors, and the other moiety to fuch officer or officers who fngallchare* lhail feise or fue for the feme; and all and every perfon or e*f pcrfons who lhail fell or expofc to fale, or have in his or their to be divided cuftody for that purpofe, any cambrick, or goods of the kind between the ufually called or known by or under that denomination, made and fabricated in Great Britain, and not marked or damped at p? both ends of every entire piece, or at one end of every remnant r^ng^We of fuch goods, in manner by this alt directed, (hall, for every unftampt fuch offence, forfeit the fum of two hundred pounds; to be re- goods* for-covered and applied in manner herein after dire&ed.	*eit *°°^

XVIII. And be it further enadted by the authority afbrefaid. Penalty of That if any perfon or perfons lhail, at any time or times here- forging or. after, forge or counterfeit any mark or damp, to refemble any counterfeiting mark or damp which fhall be provided or uled in purfuance of this a&; or (hall forge, refemble, or counterfeit, the impreffion or importing of any fuch mark or damp, upon any goods required by this ad or expofing to to be marked or damped; or lhail import or bring into Great fr*®* *"7. Britain any foreign cambricks or lawns, or goods of the kind	*

ufually called or known by or under either of thofe denomi- ^amp thtre-nations, having any fuch counterfeit mark, damp, or impref- on, lion thereonj or fell or expofc to fale any cambricks or lawns, or goods of the kind u hi ally known by or under either of thofe denominations, with fuch counterfeit mark, damp, or impreffion thereon, knowing fuch mark or damp to be counterfeited ; every fuch perfon fo offending, being thereof law- j, felony, frilly coovi&ed, fhall be judged guilty of felony, and lhail fuffer as in cafes of felony without benefit of clergy.

. XIX. Provided always, and be it ena&ed by the authority The commit aforefeid, That it fhall and may be lawful to and for the com- fio9mJf*7 ' ffiif&QQcrs «f excife in Bag land,for the tjm? befog, or the major

$	part	*

JUmped, tbo taken #ut of the loom j

4.86	Anno	feptimo GeoROII III. d. 43V	[17661;

or begun to part of them, at any time within two months next after the combe made in mencement of this a<ft, to order and diredl all fuch cambrick, #r-ot7rdSdbe- 8°°^s t*ie ufua^y known by or under that denomination fore the com- which (hall have been made, or begun to be made, wove, and mencement of fabricated in Great Britain or Ireland, at any time before the com* the aft, to be mencement of this a<ft, to be marked or (lamped at both ends of every piece theredf, with fuch mark or damp which (hall be provided and appointed as aforefaid, notwithftanding the fame (hall have been taken out of the loom (proof being made to the fatisfadlion of the faid commiflioners, that all fuch goods were really and bona fide made, or begun to be made, wove, and fa* bricated in Great Britain or Ireland, before the commencement of this adt) which goods fo marked or (tamped, and numbered, and the fame m purfuance of fuch diredlions, (hall and may be fold, difpofed may be law. of, and ufed, in like manner as if the fame nad been made or fully fold. wrought after the commencement of this ad, and all the di* redlions thereof fully complied with $ any thing in this adt con* Officer to tained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding : and make due en- the fupervifor, or other officer or officers of the excife, who try of all fuch (hall be diredfced to mark or (lamp, and number fuch goods, (hall make the like entry of the number of yards in length of each piece of fuch goods, and the number fet thereon, in like manner, and under the like penalties, as herein before diredfced, with refpedt to cambricks made after the commencement of this adt. Perfons pof- XX. Provided always, and be it further enadted and declared, fefled of cam- That if any perfon or perfons (hall before the faid firft day of lawns* before*^ one thoufand feven hundred and (ixty feven, be poflefledof

1 July* 1767* not duly ftarapt, may depoGt the fame, be-

any cambricks or clear lawns, or goods ufualiy known by either of thofe denominations, which have not been (lamped in the manner required by law; fuch perfon and perfons (hall and may on or before the firft day of Auguft, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty feven, depofit fuch cambricks or clear fore 1 Auguft jawns ;n any warehoufe or warehoufes to be appointed for ?*xtf	that purpofe by the commiflioners of the cuftoms in England^

forexroru. ^or exportation t0 his Majefty’s colonies or plantations in tion |	in America only, upon payment of the half fubfidy which is

upon payment to remain by law after fuch goods are exported, without any r km	oath or ot^cr Pro°f being required of the place where fuch goods

lubfidy. were manufa<qurcd. an(j no profecution (hall be commenced againft any perfon or perfons for having in their cuftody or pofleflion any fuch undamped goods, between the faid firft day of July, and the firft day of Augujly one thoufand feven hundred and (ixty feven ; any thing in this or any other a<5t of parliament to the contrary notwithftanding.

XXI. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, hat all fuch goods which (hall be feized and condemned in feitures* in purfuance of this a<$l, and all penalties and forfeitures whatfoever nSotherwilT^y 1^1S a<^ inflicted (unlefs otherwife directed to be condemned and recovered by this a<5l) (hall and may be fued for, profecuted, and recovered, in any of his Majefty’s courts of' record at Weflminjler> or in the court gf exchequer in S^tland^

br

Goods, penalties, and for- That feitures, in

directed, where to be fued and re-

ij66.] Anna feptimo Georgii III. c. 4^	4Sy

>y adtion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in the name of IK Majefty’s attorney general, or in the name or names of fuch "upervifor, or other officer or officers of the excife or cuftoms is aforefaid ; and that one moiety of the clear produce arifingpr<k|uc* fnm From the fale of all fuch goods, and of g)I the penalties and forfei- the fale, after tares inflidted by this a§, after all charges deduced, fhall be to ^1 charees,to bis Majefty, his heirs, and fucceffors, and the other moiety	***“

thereof to the officer or officers who fhall feize, inform, or pro- ^own and fecute for the fame, ‘	profecutor.

XXII.	And be it further cnadted by the authority aforefaid. Capias toifr That upon eveiy adtion, bill, plaint, or information, entered or fue upon entiled as aforefaia, for any penalty impofed by this adt, a Capias t?rin^*n

in the firft procefs fhall and may iffue, fpecifying the fum of the tlon»&c< penalty fued for; and the defendant or defendants fhall be ob- Defendant to liged to give fufficient bail or fecurity by natural born fubjedts, perfons naturalized or denizens, to the perfon or perfons to bal t“erc * whom fuch Capias fhall be diredted, to appear in the court out of which fuch Capias fhall iffue, at the day of the return of fuch sfrrir, to anfwer fuch fuit or profecution; and fhall likewife, at; the time of fuch appearance, give fufficient bail or fecurity by fuch perfons as aforefaid, in the faid court, to anfwer and pay ?11 the forfeitures and penalties incurred for fuch offence or offences, in cafe, he, fhe, or they, lhall be convidted thereof, or to yield his, her, or their body or bodies to prifon.

XXIII.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid.

That if any adtion or fuit (hall be commenced againft any perfon pr perfons, for any thing done in purfuance of this adt, the defendant or defendants in fuch adtion or fuit, fhall and may plead

the general iffue, and give this adt and the fpecial matter, in General ilTue* /evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done by the authority of this adt; and if it fhall appear to have been fo done, then the jury fhall find for the defendant or defendants : and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs fhall become nonfuited, or difeontinue, his, her, or their adtion or fuit, after the defendant or defendants fhall have appeared * or if, upon verdidt or demurrer, judgement fhall be given againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants fhall recover treble cofts, and Treble cofar have fuch remedy for the fame as any defendant or defendants hath or have in other cafes by law.

XXIV.	And be it further enadted by the authority afore-In cafe of faid. That if any cambricks or lawns, or goods of the kind ufually known by or under either of thofe denominations, fhall ^here the be feized by virtue or in purfuance of this or any other a<ft now goods were

in force; or if any adtion fhall be brought by the owner or claimer manufe&ured, of fuch goods againft any officer of the cuftoms or excife, or any other perfon, tor any thing done in purfuance of this or any other adt now in force, and any doubt or queftion fhall arife where fuch goods were manufadtured; the proof thereof fhall lie upon the owner or claimer of fuch goods, and not on the the* proof to perfon who feized the fame, or againft whom fuch adtion fhall be Kc 0,1 ***• brought j any law, ufage, or cuftom, to the contrary notwith-.ftanding.	'	.	*	.

GA?*

Anno feprimo Georgii 111. C. 44.	[1766.

CAP. XLIV.

An aB for altering the Jlamp duties open policies of ajjkranee\ and for reducing ibe allowance to be made in refpeff of the prompt payment of the Jlamp duties on licences for retailing beer, ale, and other excifeable liquors and for explaining and amending feverala3s of parliament relating to hackney coaches and chairs.

Preamble, re-	Wf HEREAS by an all of parliament made in the fifth yen

citing claufes VV 0f the reign of his prefent Mojefly,intituled, An aA fur al-in ait j Geo. j. tering the ft amp duties upon admintona into corporations or companies, and for further fecuring and improving the ftamp da* ties in Great Britain; it is, among other things, emailed, That firm and after the fifth day of July, one	fevers'

five, if the properties of more than one per fan, in any /hip, cargo,» both, or of more than a particular number of perfons in general part-nerfhip,or of more than one body politic or corporate, to a greater amount in too whole than the fun ft one hundred pounds in erg /hip,, cargo, or both, be ajfured on the Jams polity, fitib policyJhouli k void, and tbt premium paid thrrton reman the property of the etfik-rer; with a	provifo, that	it and might be to et

sou ft to be ajfured, the properties of any number of in any Jbip, cargo, or both, by one policy fiampod with Jive each; any thing therein contained to the contrary notwitbfiandixg: gni whereas Jucb part of the feud all as is btforo recited, has bees found very inconvenient to merchants, traders, and others, refidiog out of this kingdom, and injurious to the	dealings	thereof-,

May it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be ena&ed; and be it enaAed by the King’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament a doubled, and by the Policies for authority of the fame, That from and after the firft day of Augufi, any number pne thoufand feven hundred and fixty feven, k (hall and may be ®fP*rfon,» lawful to a (lure, or caufe to be allured, the properties of any amountTnot 'number of perfons whatfoever, in any (hip, cargo, or both, to exceeding the amount of any fum, not exceeding in the whole the fum of imoL on one thoufand pounds, by a policy ftamped with a ftamp of botfr* ^vc	^Hags» ar>d it (hall	and may be lawful to allure, or

maybeaf-	cau^e to be aflured,	the properties of any	number of perfons

lured by a	whatfoever, in any	(hip, cargo, or both,	to the amount of

5*. ftamp.	any Aim whatfoever,	by one policy ftamped	with two tamps of

and.to any	five (hillings each ;	and that every policy	fo ftamped (hail be

h,K>nt b* g°°d, valid, and effeAual to all intents andpurpofes whatfoever; jo*!*ftamp* any thing in the faid aft made in the fifth year of his preAmt Majcfty’s reign, or any former aft to the contrary notwitb-ftanding.

Any addition- II. Provided always. That if any rifque or adventure diftinft al aflurance from the rifque or adventure mentioned in the original poBcy, tojfceorigiaal and upon which any further premium fhall be given, fhall be duly by any writing or declaration not duly ftamped, added to any fiampt,	isfiich original policy, fufh additional afturancc (haft be tern,

feid, and the	’	gMj

1766.] Anno feptimo Georgii III. c. 44.	489

and the premium paid thereon (hall remain the property of theprcmium goe* iflbrer.	to the infurer.

III. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That])utjes to ^ for the better and more effectual railing, levying, eolleding, and under the go-

Eying the faid duties herein before mentioned, the fame fliall vemment and under the government, care, and management, of the com-miflioners, for the time being, appointed to manage the duties mi/Coners for payable to his Majefty, his heirs, and fucceffors, and charged on fUtaps. damped vellum, parchment and paper, by former ads of parliament in that behalf madej who, or the major part of them, are hereby empowered to employ fuch officers under them, for that purpofe, as they (hall think proper; and to provide and ufe fuch dies and ftamps, to denote the faid duties herein before mentioned, as they (hall think fit; and to repair, renew, or alter the fame, from time to time, as there (hall beoccafion ; and to dd all other ads, matters, and things, neceflary to be done for put-ing this ad in execution, with relation to the faid duties, in the like, and in as full and ample manner, as they, or the major part of them, are authorized to put in execution any former law concerning ftamped vellum, parchment, or paper.

IV. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid,	%>,

That all powers, regulations, provifions, articles, daufes, pe- granted by mlties, forfeitures, diftribution of penalties and forfeitures, and tanner aas, *11 other matters and things prefcribed, inflided, and appointed, by any former ad or ads of parliament, relating to the duties on vellum, parchment, and paper, on which any policy of aflur- furance, ex-ance (hall be ingrofled, written, or printed, and not herein al- tended to the tered, (hall be in full force and effed with relation to the duties herein before mentioned ; and (hall be applied and put in exe- s cution for the managing, railing, levying, colleding, fecuring, receiving, and paying the faid duties herein before mentioned, and accounting for the fame according to the true intent and meaning of this ad, as folly, to all intents and purpofes, as if foch powers, regulations, provifions, articles, claufes, penalties, forfeitures, diftribution of penalties and forfeitures, and other matters and things, were herein repeated, re-enaded, and applied to the laid ftamp duties herein before mentioned.

V.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, That Penalty of if any perfon or perfons lhall counterfeit or forge, or procure to counterfeiting be counterfeited or forged, any feal, ftamp, or mark, to refemble any feal, ftamp, or mane, directed, authorized and allowed, to be tifed by, or which lhall be provided, made, or tried, in pursuance of, this ad; or lhall counterfeit or refemble the impreffion of the feme, thereby to evade the payment of any of the duties herein before mentioned; or (hall utter, vend, or fell, any vellum, parch- or expoiing ment, or paper, liable to any fuch ftamp duties, with fuch coun- any luch to terfeit ftamp, mark or impreffion thereon, knowing the fame tofolc* be counterfeit or (hall privately or fraudulently ufe any feal, fr ftamp, or mark, authorized or allowed tobeufed by, or provided “ ftauro, or ufed, or to be provided or ufed, in purfuance of this ad, relating to defrstMitbe to the faid ftamp duties, with an intent to defraud his Majefty, King of hit hit heirs, and fuoceffors, of any Qf the faid duties, or any part

thereof-.

49°	Anno	feptimo Georgii HI. c. 44;	[176^

U felony. thereof; every fuch perfon fo offending, and being thereof law.- , fully convicted, (hall be adjudged a felon, and (hail fufifer ddKii | as in cafes of felony without benefit of clergy.

Monies arif- VI. And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, Th* I difties	the mon*es arifing by the feveral and refpeCtivc duties herein

applied as the bef°re mentioned (the neceflary charges of management, and duties upon of raifing, collecting, receiving, paying, and accounting for^ policies of af- the faid monies, excepted) (hall be ifiued and applied to fuch iurancegi^n^- ancj t|ie fame ufes ancj pUrp0fes as the duties upon policies of e^y ormer a{furance are> by former a&s of parliament, directed tobciflbed and applied.

Where per- VII. And be further declared and enaCted by the authority fora flhrin *to	That if any perfon or perfons (hall be fued or profc-

a greater ^ ° cuted under, and by virtue of, this aCt, for aftiiring the proper* amount than ties of any number of perfons whatsoever, in any (hip, eaigo, or 2000I. by a both, to a greater amount than the fum of one thoufand pounds* ftao»C 5the a Policy damped with a (tamp of five (hillings only ; then* prooF/as to anc^ *n ^ch cafe, the proof, as to the amount or value. fo af-the value af- fured, (hall lie on the perfon or perfons that (hall be fo fued or fured, to lie profecuted, and not on the perfon or perfons who (hall fue pr profecute.

The* How- VIII. And be it further ena&ed by the authority afore&id, ance of 61. per That the allowance, after the rate of fix pounds in the onehun-cent, made by dred pounds per annum for fix months, authorized to be made *9^°- *• by an aCt of parliament pafled in the twenty ninth year of the the prompt*	h,s *atc majefty King George the Second, intituled, An

payment of for granting to his Majefty a duty upon licences for retailing beer, the ftamp du- ale9 and other cxcifeable liquors ; and for eftablifbing a method fee ties on beer granting fuch licences in Scotland ; and for allowing fuch licences t$ licences, &c. be granted at a petty fejfton in England, in a certain caje therein I mentioned) to every perfon who ihall, at one time, bring to be ' (lamped, or buy of the commiilioners tor managing the ftamp duties, vellum, parchment, or paper* the duties whereof (hall Is to ceafe af. amount to ten pounds and upwards, upon the prefent payment ter 1 Auguft, of the faid duties, (hall, from and after the (aid firft day of *767 *	Auguft, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty (even, ceafe and

determine.

and in lieu IX. And it is hereby further declared and enaCled by the au-thereof, 41. thority aforefaid. That from and after the faid firft day of An* one thoufand feven hundred and fixty feven, inftead and lowed. ~ in ^eu °f fuch allowance, there (hall be allowed and paid ia Great Britain, to every perfon who (hall, at any one time, bring to be (lamped, or buy of the faid commi(Turners, vellum, parchment, or paper, charged with any duties in and by the laid aCt of parliament, which (hall, in the whole, amount to ten pounds or upwards, after the rate of four pounds in the one hundred pounds per annum for fix months, upon the prefent 0 payment of the faid duties at the head office for marking or (tamping vellum, parchment, and paper.

X.	And whereas it hath been the practice of late for the owners of mlicenfei coaches to let the fame out for hire, by way ofjokb, by the

4j>

if66j Anno feptitno GeoRcii 111. c. 44.

49*.

day? or for lejs than a day, contrary toy he true intent and meaning of etn%aft made in the ninth year of the reign of her late Majefy qtteen Anne, intituled An aft for licenfmg and regulating hackney Aft 9 Ann*, coaches and chairs; and for charging certain new duties on ftampt vellum, parchment* and paper, and on cards and dice,* and on the exportation of rock fait for Ireland; and for fecuringt thereby, and by a weekly payment out of the poft office, and by feveral duties on hides and (kins, a yearly fund of one hundred, eighty fix thoufand fix hundred and feventy pounds, for thirty, two years, to be applied to the fatisfaftion of fuch orders as are’ therein mentioned, to the contributors of any fum not exceeding two millions to be raifed for carrying on the war, and other her Majefty’s occafions) to the great prejudice of his Majejly re-venue 1 and of the licenfed hackney coachmen: for remedy thereof, Hcblcney be it enafted by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the coaches let laid firft day 01 Augujl, one tnoufand feven hundred and fixty iren, upon every information before the commiffioners appointed j^b^by the* or to be appointed, for licenfingand regulating hackney coaches day /or foe a and chairs or the major part of them, againft any perfon, for leu time, driving for hire, or letting to hire, any hackney coach, contra- contrarytothtf 17 to the faid aft made in the ninth year of her faid late Ma-	xa

jefty’s reign, although no exprefs hiring (hall be proved; yet a penalty, unlefs the party accufed (hall appear, and make proof to the laid commiffioners, or the major part of them, that no money or other gratuity was made or paid, or agreed or intended to be made or paid, for the ufe of fuch coach, the fame (hall be deemed and adjudged a driving for hire, or letting to hire, to all intents, conftruftions, and purpofes whatfoever; and every perfon fo offending (hall, for ever fuch offence, incur fuch and the like penalty as if fuch money, or other gratuity, was aftually proved to be made or paid; any ftatute, b^e-law, ufage, or cuftom, to the contrary thereof notwithftanding.

XI.	And for the better and more eafily dijiinguijhing fuch coaches	^	*

and other carriages as Jhall be entered at the head office of excife in London, purfuant to the alt of parliament made in the twentieth year of the reign of his late majejly King George the Second, and Jhall be let out for hire, from gentlemens coaches, and for making the owners and drivers thereof the more eafily amenable to jufticefor any offences committed by them; be it further enafted by the authority afore- Licenfed jobb faid, That every jobb coach licenfed at the head office of excife orht outto*^ in London, which (hall be driven or let to hire on private con- hire, within traft, within the cities of London and Wejlminjler, or the fub- the weekly burbs thereof, or within the parilhes and places comprized bill*, for a within the weekly bills of mortality, for any time longer than month one month, without having the excife number or mark fixed without the 9 under the foot board of every fuch coach, the fame (hall be deemed excife mark and adjudged a coach driven or let to hire, contrary to the faid underthe foot *ft made in the ninth year of the reign of queen Anne\ and eve- }£££: to ry perfon fo letting or driving for hire as aforefaid, (hall in- penalty, cur and be liable to the like penalty as any perfon or perfons who fliall drive or let to hire by the . hour, day, or otherwife.

4g2	Anno	feptitno GsoROit IQ, C. 44.	[176&

any hackney coach or coach horfea within the cities of London or IVeflminJltr, or fuburbe of the fame, or within the pa-rilhes and places comprized within the weekly bills of mortality, without leave or licenfe from the cotnoiiffionore for regelating and licenfing hackney coaches and chain, are now by law liable unto.

XU. And	whereas a doubt bat , wbtthtr Htenfed

coachmenplying for hire art ttmpellablt to tarry farts any where within the dift ante of ten milesfrom the city of London or Weftminfttrj Licenced	be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That from

hackney	and after the faid firft day of AuguJiy one thoufand feven hue*

coaches,ply- dred and fixty feven, every coachman licenfed by the commd-iuMetogo,’ fi°ner* f°r regulating and licenfing hackney coaches plying fcr at feafoniibie	hire within the city of London or fVtJlminptr, (hall be obliged

times, any	and compellable, on every day of the week, at fealbnable times,

where within to g„ any where within the distance of ten miles from the city af London or London or Wtftminjltr \and in cafe of refufal fo to do, (ball be Weftminfter. liable to the like penalty and punishment as assy by law now be infli&ed, in cafes of refufal to carry for hire by hccnfed hack* ney coachmen.

The following XIII. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, rates of fares8 That from and after the faid firft day of Auguf, one thou find allowed to be feven hundred and fixty feven, every perfon who is or (hall be ***“"§ kV l.* liccnfed by the faid commUTioners, or the major part of them, ney chairs ' *° keep and ufe for hire any hackney chair within the faid cities within the of London and IVeflminJltr, and the fuburbs thereof, and with* weekly bills, in all and every the parilhes and places comprized within the weekly bills of mortality, or any perfon legally ailing under fuch perfon, (hall be intitled to, and may demand, receive, and take, for the hire of any fuch hackney chair, the rates and fines herein after mentioned j that is to fay.

The feres. for any diftancc not exceeding one mile, twelve pence.

And for any diftance being above one mile, and not exceeding one mile, and four furlongs, one (hilling and fix pence.

And for every further diftance not exceeding four furlong% fix pence.

And by the hour, eighteen pence for the firft hour, and fia pence for every half of an hour after.

The laid former alls herein before recited, or any ftatute, bye* law, or cuftom, to the contrary notwithftanding.

Tht feid XIV. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefeidi fares way be That the feid fever* 1 rates and fares for hire herein before menthols fettled tioned, fhall and may be recovered in the like manner as the by aft hues fettled by the faid aft of the ninth year of the reign of her 9 Ann*. ^ feid late Majefty queen Anne, are by law made recoverable. Offenders lia- XV. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid, mkted’bran ‘ That in every cafe where any perfon, for any of the offences of the laws * mentioned in any law relating to the licenfing and regulating of relating to hackney coaches and chairs, (ball be liable to be committed to

prifon.

1766.] Anno feptimo Georoii III. c. 44;-	493

prifon, it (hall and may be lawful for the faid commiflioners, tfcenfing, &c. orciny three or more 01 them, either to commit fuch offender hackney fo prifon, m like manner as by any former aCt of parliament cha^r^may they are authorized to do, and for any time the (aid commif- be committed fioners, or any three or more of them, (hall think fit, not ex- either to pri-ceeding one month, or, by warrant under their hands and feals, f°n» to commit fuch offender to his Majefty’s workhoufe ef bride- or to bridewell in London, or fome other houfe ot correction, there to be weJ|»kePc kept to hard labour for any time at the difcretion of the faid bour^ commiflioners, not exceeding one month; and alfo to receive an<j receive the corre&ion of the laid houfe, if the faid commiflioners (hall the correftion fo think fit to order.	of the houfe,

XVI. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, Hackney That from and after the faid firft day* of Auguji, one thoufand coachmen feven hundred and fixty feven, if any perfon who is or (hall be misbehaving, duly licenfed to let or drive for hire any hackney coach, with-in the limits aforefaid, (hall be guilty of misbehaviour in his employment, it (hall and may be lawful for the faid commifii- or they may oners, or any three of them, either to revoke fuch coachman’s be fined not licence* or to inflict a penalty not exceeding three pounds, upon exceeding 3I. conviction for every fuch offence, to be paid to the poor of the

]>ari(h where fuch offence (hall be committed ; and if any perfon 1	*

o convicted as aforefaid (hall not be able, or (hall refule to pay p”^11 the faid fum fo to be impofed as aforefaid, he (hall be commit- maybecom-ted to his Majefiy’s workhoufe of bridewell, or fome other houfe mittedtofenne of correction, there to be kept to hard labour for the fpace of boSfe 5or“ thirty days.	rea.on,&c.

XvII. And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid; Fare of a Thatit(hall and maybe lawful for every or any licenfed hackney hackneycoadi coachman, or his driver, to demand and take for hi9 hire, the tor the day rate or fum pf twelve (hillings and fix pence for a day’s work or Ias‘ d* hire, reckoning twelve hours to the day ; any thing in the faid recited aCt made in the ninth year of the reign of her late Ma-jefty Queen Anne, to the contrary notwithftanding.

XVIII. And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, Hackney That from and after the faid firft day of Auguft, one thoufand fe- coa^e8hli?^e ven hundred and fixty feyen, every licenfed hackney coachman, or	*£3^!

his driver, who (hall drive with any hackney coach on the Lord’s daya> ag 0ll day, (hall be liable to do the like work, as well without the any other day weekly bills of mortality as within the fame, as fuch coachman, the week, or his driver, is by this or any former act compellable or liable to do on any other day of the week.

XIX.	And be ijt further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, Claufes in the That the fcveral claufes in this prefent aCt, and in the feveral afts of parliament heretofore made and pafled concerning hack- Co™ero?ng* iiey coaches and chairs, as relates to the jurifdi&ions, powers, hackney knd authorities, of the commiflioners for- licenfing and re- coaches and epilating hackney coaches and chairs; and of juftices of the ?hairs jclat-peace; and to the rules, penalties, and forfeitures, orders ri^jaionof-and directions, in the fame a&s, ’or any of them, mention- the commit'-fd; (hall be, and are hereby, continued in full force and effeCt, fioners and ' Vox?XXyiL	Kk	and	juftices;

494	Anno	feptimo	Georgii	III.	c.	44.	[176ft

and to the for and during fuch further time as any other part of the faid rules, pend- a<fts, relating to the licenfing of hackney coaches or chairs, (Rail futures &c. *n f°rce an<* ^avc continuance.

continued. ’ XX. And whereas it frequently happens, that many perfons have occafion to infpeft the regifter books of carts, carsy and drays, required by law to be kept by the faid commiffioners, in order for tie more eafy difcovery and bringing to juftice the offenders againjl the laws now in being relating to the drivers of fuch cars, carts, and drop: and whereas no directions are given by any of the faid laws for the faid commiffioners, or their clerk keeping fuch entry, to permit or fuffer any perfon to infpeCl the faid regifler books, or to make or gin Perfons, hav- out any C0Py °f fuc^ £ntry or tntries; be it therefore further enaft-ing reafonable ed by the authority aforefaid, That all and every perfon or caufe, are au- perfons, having reafonable caufe to infpedt fuch regifter boob carts» cars» or drays, kept or to be hereafter kept by Ac gifter books* ^ commiffioners, (nail and may, and they are hereby a»-ofcarts,cars, thorized to infpedl the fame; and the faid commiffioners, or and drays,	their clerks keeping fuch regifter, is and are hereby direc*

and to take	ted and required, upon requeft of any perfon or perfon

copies of the	having fuch reafonable caufe to infpedt the fame, to procured,1*	<*uce the regifter book or books of fuch carts, cars, or drays,

9	and to make and give to fuch perfon or perfons ^ true copy

or copies of fuch entry or entries therein as (hall be it* paying 4d. quired; and the faid commiffioners clerk is hereby authorised to demand and receive for every fuch fearch, and a copy of every fuch entry, the fum of four pence, and no more; and the like fum where only fuch fearch (hall be made, although no copy of fuch entry (hall be required.

No execution, XXI. And be it enabled, That no writ or writs of certiorori or other pro- (hall fuperfede execution or other proceeding upon any order or ceeding of the orders made by the faid commiffioners in purfuance of this ad; ersTtoScfu- ^ut execution and proceedings (hall and may he had and I perfeded by made thereupon ; any fuch writ or writs, or allowance tbereoff certiorari.	notwithftanding.

XXII. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That if any perfon or perfons (hall be fued or prosecuted far any thing by him or them done or executed in purfuance of

General ifliie	or	t*lcy	^all	anc*	may	plead general iffue, and

’ give this a& and tne fpecial matter in evidence, for his and their defence; and if upon trial a verdidt (hall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or judgement (hall be given againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs upon demurrer; or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs (haB be.nonfuited, or difeontinue his, her, or their adtion, after the defendant or defendants (hall have appeared, then fuch defend* ant and defendants (hall have treble cofts to him or them award-

Ti«bl (b. c<* aSa31^ fuch plaintiff or plaintiffs; for which cofts he and rcoie costs. tj,Cy jlave reme(jy for recovery thereof, as any defendants or defendants hath or have in any other cafes where bylaw cofts are given to defendants*

C A?

495

Anno feptimo Georgii III. c. 45;

CAP. XLV.

ror encouraging and regulating the trade and menu* res of the Ifle of Man; and for the more eafy fupply of habitants there with a certain quantity of wheats barley, meal, and flour, authorized by an a£i made in this to be tranfported to the faid ifland.

ft gracious Sovereign,

[EREAS the property of the Iflc of Man being now Preamble.

vefled in your Majefly, your heirs and fucceffors, in purfu-

7 at? made in the fifth year of your Majefly*s reign, intitu-

aft for carrying into execution a contract made, pur- Aft 5 Geo. 3;

the aft of parliament of the twelfth of his late majeftv

orge the Firft, between the commiflioners of his Majel-

lury and the duke and dutchefs of Atholly the proprie-

lie Ifle of Many and their truftees, for the purchafe of

ifland and its dependencies, under certain exceptions

particularly mentioned; it is expedient that provifion be

* encouraging, improving, and regulating the trade and ma-

ts of the faid iflandy and the fijheries 6n thi coafls thereof :

*eas it is neceffary that a revenue Jhould be raifea, in the Jaid dan, to anjwer thefe purpofes, and to defray the expcnces of

mt there: fVey your Majefly9s mofl dutiful and loyal flub-r commons of Great Britain affembled in parliament, being to make fome provifion for the purpofes aforefaid, do mofl efeech your Majefly that it may be enattedy and be it enaft-le King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the ad-l confent of the lords fpiritual and .temporal, and cornel this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the autho-he fame. That from and after the fifth day of Jufyy one From ancj d feven hundred and fixty feven, the duties payable to after 5 July# efty in the faid Ifle of Mari on all goods imported there, 1767* the for-rted from thence, (hall ceafe, determine, and be no mer duties >aid; and that in lieu thereof there (hall be raifed, levi- fm^rt-efted, and paid unto his Majefty, his heirs and fuccef- Ja or export-e following duties for and upon the goods and mer- ed to ceafe; es herein after mentioned, which (hall be brought or the duties d into the (aid Ifle of Man; that is to fay,	take^ufe*0

in lieu thereof.

ivery gallon of Britijh fpirits imported from that part of 'ritain called Englandy one (hilling.	The	ncw

:very gallon of rum, the produce of the Britijh plantati-iported from Englandy one (hilling and fix pence.

•very pound weight of bohea tea imported from England, ling.

:vcry pound weight of green tea imported from England, ling and fix pence.

every pound weight of coffee imported from Englandy nee.

For

ties.

K k 2

49 6

Duties to be paid in ready money, without aay dif-count;

and to be raif-ed and levied under autho-# ritv and direction of the comraiflioners of the trea-Airv, See. and ro be paid into the ex-' chequer apart from all other branches of the publick revenue.

Savings to be referved for thedifpolition of parliament.

Anno feptimo Geqrgii III. c. 45.	[1766.

For every pound weight of Tobacco imported from England^ two pence.	•

For every chaldron of coals, TVinckeJIer meafure, imported from Great Britain or Ireland, three pence.

For and upon all hemp, iron, deal boards, and timber, imported from foreign parts, five pounds per centum ad valorem.

. For every ton of French wine imported, four pounds.

For every ton of all other forts of wine imported, two pounds; and after thefc rates for any greater or lefs quantity of fuch wine.

For and upon all (prts of corn and grain imported from Eng* land, for which any bounty (hall have been allowed and pud upon the exportation thereof, ten pounds per centum ad valorem.

For all other goods, wares, and merchandizes whatfoever, which are or may be intitled to any bounty, or to any draw* back of the duties of excife, on exportation, in Great Britan, which (hall be imported from Great Britain into the faid I fie if Many five pounds per centum ad valorem.

For and upon all goods, wares, and merchandizes whatfo-ever, not herein before particularly charged (except fuch goods as are exempt from duty by this aft) imported from Great Britak or Ireland, two pounds ten (hillings per centum ad valorem.

And for and upon all goods, wares, and merchandizes what-foever, not herein before particularly charged (except fuch as are exempt from duty by this aft) imported from any other port or place from whence fuch goods may be lawfully imported into the faid IJle of Many fifteen pounds per centum d valorem,

II.	And it is hereby further enafted by the authority aforefaid, That the feveral rates and duties herein before granted, (hall be paid down in ready money, without any difeount or allowance ; and (hall be railed, levied, collected, paid, and recovered, under the authority and direction of the commKIioners of the treafury, or the lord high treafurer for the time being, in like manner and form, and by the fame rules, regulations, and under fuch penalties and forfeitures, as the duties of cuftoms, payable in Great Britain, are raifed, levied, collected, and recovered, as fully and cffeftually, to all intents and purpofes, as if the (everal claufes, powers, directions, penalties, and forfeitures, relating thereto, were particularly repeated, and again enafted in the body of this prefent aft; and (except the neceflary charges of raifing, collecting, levying, recovering, anfwering, paying, and accounting for the fame) the faid rates and duties (hall, from time to time, be brought and paid into the receipt of his Majefty’s Exchequer, diftinftly and 'apart from all other branches of the publick revenue; ana fuch part thereof as (hall remain, after the neceflary expences attending the government of the faid IJle cf Man, and the adminiftra-tion of juftice there arc from time to time defrayed* (hall be referved for the difpofition of parliament.

* III. And

ij66;j Anno feptimo Georgii III. C.45.	497

III.	And it is hereby further enaCted by the authority afore- Goddi al-faW, That from and after the faid fifth day of July, one thou-

fend feven hundred and fixty feven, it (hall and may be lawful |y.f^ fr0m for any perfon or perfons to import into the faid IJle of Mari, in any place, ex-any (hip or veflel, from any port or place whatfoever, any flaxcept from # or flax? feed, raw or brown linen yarn, wood a(hes and weed Great Britain, aflies, fi(h and flefh of all forts, and any fort of corn or grain, from any part or place whatfoever (except from Great Britain en!y) without payment of any cuftom or other duty whatfoever.

IV.	And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore- Goods, See. feid. That from and after the faid fifth day of July, one thou- allowed to be fend feven hundred and fixty feven, it (hall ana may be lawful imported du-for any of his Majefty’s fubjeCts to import into the faid JJle orcatBritain. of Man, in Britijh veffels navigated according to law, from any or Ireland; port or place in Great Britain or Ireland\ any fort of white or

brown linen cloth, and hemp or hemp feed being the produce or manufacture of Great Britain or Ireland; horfes and black cattle; all utenfils and inftruments fit and neceflary to be employed in manufactures, fifheries, or agriculture; bricks and rifles; all forts of young trees, fea-fhells, lime, and foapers-wafte, pack-thread and fmall cordage for nets, without payment of any cuftom or duty whatfoever for the fame.

V.	And it is hereby further enaCted by the authority afore- from Great faid. That from and after the faid fifth day of July one thou- Britain only, fend feyen hundred and fixty feven, it (hall and may be lawful

for any of his Majefty’s fubjeCts to import into the faid IJle of

Man, in Britijh veflels navigated according to law, from any

port or place, in Great Britain, without payment of any cuftom

or duty whatfoever, any fort of fait, boards, timber, and hoops,

being the produce and manufacture of Great Britain; iron in

rods or bars, cotton, indico, naval (tores, and any fort of wood

commonly called Lumber (as fpecified in an aCt pafled in the

eighth year of the reign of King George the Firft, intituled. An A6t 8 Geo. 1.

aft for giving further encouragement for the importation of naval

fores, and for other purpofes therein mentioned) of the growth,

production, or manufacture, of any Britijh colony or plantation

in America; and all other goods or the growth, production, or

manufacture, of the faid colonies or plantations, forwhich any

bounty or premium is allowed by law on the importation thereof

into Great Britain.

VI.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enaCted by the Dae entry to authority aforefaid, That due entries (hall be made of the goods bemadeof the herein before mentioned, which are allowed to be imported in- p0rtC(j .0im* to the faid IJle of Man duty free, at the cuftom houfe for the p

port or place where the fame (hall be imported, exprefling the	/

quantity and qualities of fuch goods, in the ufual manner, be- and the fame fore landing thereof, and the lame (hall be landed in the pre- to be landed fence of the proper officer of the cuftoms for that purpofe; onin the pre-failure whereof, the faid goods fhall be liable to the duty of fifteen pounds per centum ad valorem; any thing in this aCt con- penalty of ' gained {o the contrary notwithftanding,	*	paying duty.

K k 3	VII.	And

importation of the feveral articles here mentioned ;

on forfeiture of the goods vmh the vef-fcl.

498	Anno	feptimo	Georgii III. c. 45.	[1766,

Reftri&ions VII, And it is hereby further enafted by authority aforefaid, *Pd	That from and after the faid fifth day of July, one thoufand

obfcrved with ^even hundred and fixty feven, no linen cloth (hall be imported refpedt to the Into the faid IJle of Man, but fuch only as (hall be bona fide and without fraud laden and (hipped in Great Britain or Ireland, and carried diredUy from thence; and no glafs or woollen manufactures (hall be imported into the faid IJle of Man, but fuch ooly as (hall be bona fide laden and (hipped in Great Britain, and carried diredfly from thence; and no teas, brandy, ftrong waters, or other fpirits whatfoever, coffee, or tobacco, (hall be imported into the faid Jfle of Man, but fuch only as (hall be bona fide and without fraud laden and (hipped at fome port of England, and carried dircdtly from thence, under the reftridlions and limitations herein after mentioned; upon the forfeiture of all fuch goods as (hall be imported or carried contrary to the true intent and meaning of this acl, or the value thereof, together with the (hip or vcffcl in which the fame (hall be imported or carried, with all her guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel; to be feized by any officer or officers of the cuftoms, and profecurcd and fued for as herein after diredted; any law, cuftom, or uiagfc to the contrary notwithftanding.

VIII.	And it is hereby further enadted by the authority afore-faid. That from and after the faid fifth day of July, one thou-fand feven hundred and fixty feven, the commiflioners of his granVlicences	cuftoms	in	England,	or	any three of them, (hall and

to export cer- may grant licence, without fee or reward (to continue in force tain cjuaiiti for three months) to any of his Majefty’s fubjedts, to cx-t:esof particu. p0rtj from any p0rt 0f England into the port of Douglas in the IJle of Man, but to no other, in Britijh (hips navigated according to law any quantity of fpirits, not exceeding in the whole, fifty thoufand gallons of Britijb diftilled fpirits, and thirty thou-fand gallons of rum the produce of the Britijh plantations; any quantity of tea, not exceeding twenty thoufand pounds weight of bohea tea, and five thoufand pounds weight of green tea, ia one year; any quantity of coffee, not exceeding five thoufand pounds weight, in one year; and any quantity of tobacco, not exceeding one hundred and twenty thoufand pounds weight, ia one year, to commence from the faid fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty feven, and in every fucceed-Drawback* al- ing year; and for the goods fo exported, by virtue of fuch li-Wed on the cence, the exporter (hall be intitlcd to receive the like drawbacks, exportation of fout unjcr the fame fecurity, regulations, and reftri&ions, in alj tlieiai g t. rcfpe#s^ as arc allowed and preferibed for fuch goods refpcc-tivcly when exported from Great Britain to Ireland; any law, cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary notwithftanding: and his Ma-jefty’s receiver general of the IJle of Man, or his deputy, is hereby enjoined and required to keep a regifter, at the port of Douglas, of the quantity of each fpecics of goods fo imported as aforefaid; and to tranfmit an account thereof, every quarter, to the commiflioners of his Majefty’s cuftoms at J^ndon.

Commif-fioners of the cuftoms im-

Jar fpecics of goods from England into the poi t of Douglas.

Regifter to be kept at Doughs, of the quantity of each fpecies fo imported, and an ac-

count thereof to be tranfmitted to the comwiifianers at Londgn.

IX.

I Jr 66.] Anno feptimo GeoRGH III. c. 45*	499

IX.	And whereas there are now fecured for the duties, in bis .The tobacco Mfijeflfs wareboufe at the port of Douglas in the Ifle of Man, one	17

hundred bogjbeadsy containing one hundred thoufand pounds weight of the faid tobacco, and upwards\ which were imported into the faid port the je~ port, venteenth day of March lajl; be it enabled by the authority afore- .	.	-

laid. That the faid tobacco (hall be deemed and confidered as a° partoTthe

J>art of the limited quantity allowed by this adl for one year, quantity li-irom the faid fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and mited and al-lixty feven; and that it (hall and may be lawful for any of his ^ ***** Majefty’s fuhjedts to import into the faid ifland, under the re- year#or * frictions and limitations, before mentioned, only fo much tobacco, within the time above fpecificd, as will make up the . faid annual allowance of one hundred and twenty thoufand pounds weight.

X.	And it is hereby further enadted by the authority afore- None of the laid. That from and after the faid fifth day of July, one thou- g00**8 here tmid feven hundred and fixty feven, no tea, brandy, ftrong to^uiSwted waters, or foirits, of any kind whatfoever, coffee, chocolate, again, *** tobacco, glals, or coals, Britijh or other wrought filks, or fait, * nor any wine, (hall be exported, or (hipped or laden on board any (hip, veffel, or boat, in order to be exported, from the faid 1JU of Man, to any place whatfoever; on forfeiture of all fuch on forfeiture goods, or the value thereof, together with the (hip, veffel, or hereof, to-boat, in which the fame (hall be laden, with all her furniture:	v7ffiU.

to be feized by any officer or officers of the cuftoms, and fuca for and profecuted as herein after is diredted.

.XI. And it is hereby further enabled by the authority afore- Regulations (aid. That all goods carried coaft wife in the faid Ifle of Man to be ob.'erved (hall be fubject to the fame fecurities, rules, regulations, penal-	j?

ties, and forfeitures, in all refpedls, as are preferibed and di-redted, by any adt of parliament now in force, with refpedl to goods carried coaftwife in Great Britain.

XII.	And it is hereby further enadfed by the authority afore- No wool, faid. That from and after the faid fifth day of July, one thou- woollen or feven hundred and fixty feven, no wool, woollen or bay yarn, or live (heep, (hall be exported, or (hipped or laden on board bTex-any (hip, veflel, or boat, in order to be exported, from the Ifle ported; of Man\ under the like penalties and forfeitures as are inflidted, by any law now in force, againfl the exporting fuch goods from Great Britain to foreign parts; except as herein after is provided.

. XIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enadted by except to the authority aforefaid. That nothing herein before contained GreatRritaia# (hall extend to prohibit the exportation of wool, woolen or bay jarn, or live (heep, from the Ifle of Man to Great Britain; the exporter firft giving bond to his Majcfty, his heirs and fuc- and bond in ceUors, with one or more fufficient furety or fureties, to be ap-.proved of by his Majefty’s receiver general or his deputy in the t^e Ifle of Alan, in the penalty of five hundred pounds, for the due porter, .landing thereof according to the entry, and to return a certificate withiu three months from the date of fuch bond, under the

K k 4	hands'

500	Anno	feptimo GeoRGH III; C. 45;	[1766*

hands and feals of the collector and comptroller, or other pro? per officer, of the cuftoms, at the port or place in Great Bfi-tain, where fuch goods (hall be landed, tedifying the landing thereof; the danger of the feas and enemies excepted.

Theuftul XIV. And it is hereby further enabled by the authority drawbacksaU a^orefa^> That from and after the faid fifth day of Jufyy one lowed on ex- thoufand feven hundred and fixty feven, all goods, wares, and partition of merchandizes (malt and barley excepted) which may be Jaw-£0<*h ({“*1* fully exported from Great Britain, to the Ifle of Matty (haOL «pted) fit>m uPon	exported, be intitled to the fame drawbacks and

Great Britain bounties, under the like rules, reftridtions, fecurities, penalties, to the ifle of and forfeitures, in all refpeCts, as fuch goods are intitled or in-man, as to blc to by law upon exportation from Great Britain to Ireland.

XV.	And it is hereby further enadted by the authority afow-of low wines foul, That from and after the faid fifth day of Jufyy one thou-or other fpi- fand feven hundred and fixty feven, no low wines or fpirits £uxo be car- whatfoever (hall be made, extracted, or diftilled, within die Ip ned on;	0j- Matt, from any wheat, barley, malt, or any fort of grain, or

from any meal, or flour, or from any foreign or imported materials, or any mixture therewith; and if any perfon or perions whatfoever (hall make, extraCt, ordiftill, or caufe or procure to be made, extracted, or diftilled, any low wines or fpirits, from any wheat, barley, malt, or other grain, or from any meal of flour, or from any foreign or imported materials, or any mixture therewith; or (hall ufe or mix, or caufe or procure to be ufed or mixed, any wheat, barley, malt, or other grain, or any meal or flour, or any foreign or imported materials, or any mixture therewith, in any worts or wa(h, in order for the making, extracting, or diftilling, low wines or fpirits; or (hall put or lav, or caufe or procure to be put or laid, in any tun, wafti-batcn, cask, copper, (till, or other veflel or utenfil, any wheat, barley, malt, or other grain, or any tribal or flour, or any foreign or imported materials, or any mixture therewith, for the purpofe of preparing any worts or wa(h, or for making, extracting* ordi« (tilting, low wines or fpirits, in the faid Ifle of Man\ that then, and in each and every of the faid cafes, fuch perfon or perfons aCting contrary to the directions of this aCt, or the perfon or perrons in whofe cuftody or poffeflion any fuch tun, wa(h-batcb, cask, copper, (till, or other veflel or utenfil, which (hall be made pn forfeiture ufe of contrary to the intention of this aCt, (hall be found, (hall of tool, with refpe&ively, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the Aim of the inaterials two hundred pounds; and all fuch wheat, barley, malt, and 9-Knd utenfil*. tjier grajnj and fuch nicai and flour> and fUch foreign or imported materials, or any mixture therewith, and fuch worts mid wa(h, low wines and fpirits, with the tuns, wafh-batches, casks, coppers, (tills, or other veffels orutenfils, fo made ufe of, (hall be alfo forfeited; and may be feized by any officer ojr officers of the cuftoms, and fued for and profecuted as herein after is directed.

Veffeh built in XVI. And it is hereby further enaCted by the authority a-

the ifland, be- forefaid, That all (hips or veffels which have been* or (hall'be, PS? rcgHtercd •	*	r	'	f

1766.] Annofeptimo GeoRGii HI. c. 45.	501

built in the Ifle of Man, and (hall be owned by his Maidt/s fub- and duly at-jefts in the (aid ifland, (hall be deemed and pafs a$ (nips of the jeftcd(!joC:tji|l built of Great Britain, to all intents and purposes whatfoever,	n

upon one or more of the owners thereof regiftering fuel) (hips or veffels, and making proof upon oath of the built and property thereof, before his Majefty’s receiver general, or his deputy, in the faid Ijle of Man, in the manner and form directed for regiftering (hips, by an a<ft made in the feventh and eighth years of the reign of King William the Third, intituled, An afffor a€t 7 8c t preventing frauds, and regulating abufes, in the plantation trade ; Will? y which oath (hall be attefted by the officer who adminiftered the feme, and, being regiftered by him, (hall be delivered to the mafter of fuch (hip or veffel, for fecurity of her navigation; and a duplicate thereof (hall be trapfmitted, by the faid receiver general, or his deputy, to the port of London, to be there entered in the general regifter of all trading (hips belonging to Great Britain.

XVII.	And, for promoting indu/Iry9 and to encourage the inhabi- Bounties al-tants of the Ifle of Man to engage in the herring fijhery upon the l°wed for the ioajls thereof and in the manufacture of linen cloth, be it enacted by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the faid fifth herring fifo-day of Jalyy one thoufand feven hundred and fixty feven, the ery, aS4 ma-feveral an<d refpeCtive bounties or fums of money herein aftej: mifefture of mentioned, (hall be allowed and pa}d for the boats employed ip cloth| fuch fifhery, and to the manufacturers of fuch linen cloth, under the feveral limitations and reftri&ions herein after exprefled; that is to fay.

To the owner or mafter of (uch boat as (hall take the firft For the en* maze, confiding of five hundred herrings, in each feafon, vi- coura8¥™®^ delicety between the firft of June and the firft of December in e-very year, the fum of five pounds.

To the owner or mafter of the boat which (hall fifh the great-eft number of nights in each feafon as aforefaid, the fum of ten pounds.

* To the owner or mafter of thfe boat ^rhich (hall fi(h the fecont) or next greateft number of nights in each feafon as aforefaid, the fum of feven pounds, ten (hillings.

To the owner or mafter of the boat which (hall fid) the thir<J jgreateft number of nights in each feafon as aforefaid, the fun) of five pounds.

To the owner or mafter of the boat which (hall fi(h the fourth greateft number of nights in each feafon as aforefaid, the fum of two pounds, ten (hillings.

To the owner or mafter of the boat which (hall tafce the greateft number of herrings in each feafon, provided it exceeds fifty . maze, or twenty five thoufand herrings, the fum of ten pounds.

To the owner or mafter of the boat which (hall take the fe-cond or next greateft quantity of herrings in each feafon, exceeding the number of twenty five thoufand herrings, the fuq) of five pounds,	5

To



For the encouragement of the linen manui'a&ure.

Anno flrptimo Georgii I1L C. 45.	£1766*

To the owner or matter of the boat which (hall take the lift maze of herrings each feafon, the fum of five pounds. • To the admiral of the herring fifhery for each feafon, the fum of five pounds.

To the vice admiral of the faid fifhery for each feafon, the fum of three pounds.

To the water bailiff of the ifland or his deputy, in confederation of the trouble and expences of attending at tne feveral ports, and vifuing the coatts during the herring filming feafon, the (um of twenty pounds.

' To the weaver or perfon who (hall weave, in each year, the greateft number of yards of linen cloth within the faid ifland, of the value of ten pence, and not exceeding the value of one (hit ling and fix pence per yard, the fum of (ix pounds.

To the weaver or perfon who (hall weave, in each year, the next greatett number of yards of linen cloth within the (aid ifland, of like value, the fum of four pounds.

To the perfon who (hall fpin, in each year, the greateft quantity of linen yarn within the faid ifland, the fum or five pounds.

To the perfon who (hall fpin, in each year, the next greateft quantity of linen yarn within the faid ifland, the fum of three pounds.

To the perfon who (hall export for fale, in each year, the greateft number of yards of linen cloth of the manufadture of the faid ifland, being all his own property, the fum of ten pounds.

Bounties to Which feveral and refpedlive allowances, herein before men-be paid out of tioned, (ball be paid upon demand to the refpe&ive perfons in-dh ^ t*t*ec^ t*lcrct0» by his Majefty’s receiver general in the IJU of Maty u	or his deputy, out of the duties of ten (hillings payable to his

Majefty, in the faid ifle, for and upon every boat or other vcflS employed in the herring filhery, and out of the money ariiing to his Majctty from the feveral bay fittieries of the (aid ifland. Claims with XVIII. Andy in order to afeertain the number of nights fab reipelt to the ^oati have fjbedy it is hereby further ena&ed by the autho-fies'how^pbe r**y aforefaid, That the matter of every boat employed in the aTcertained. fifhery (hall deliver, weekly, an account in writing of the number of nights he has fo filhed in each preceding week, to the admiral or vice admiral of the herring filhery; which accounts (hall be verified by the oaths of the admiral or vice admiral, and the matter of the boat claiming fuch bounty, at the end of each * feafon, before the water bailiff of the ifland, or his deputy; and in cafe the money arifing by the faid duties payable to his Majefty, in the faid IJkof Matty for and upon boats and veflels em-If the fund ployed in the herring fi(hery, and from the feveral bay fiiheries prove infuffi- of the faid ifland, - (hall not be fufficient m any feafon to pay the cienr in any bounties herein before granted, then the faid bounties (hall be boun?ie« to be onty Pa*^ *n e5ua^ ratcs alw* proportions, according to the rc-psuTpropor- ceipt of the faid duties, .and the money ariiing from the Cud bay UouaJly. fittieries.

XIX. Provided

1766.} Anno feptimo Georgii III. G. 4 f.	503

XIX.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enabled by the The (idling authority aforefaid. That no perfon (hall be intitled to the boun- boa.t* to ties herein before mentioned, unlefs the boat, for which fuch th!^maf-bounty is claimed, (hall, before (he proceeds upon the fifhery ten thereof to in each fcaion, be regiftered at the cuftom houfe at the port of give bond, in Douglas ; and the mailer of fuch boat (hall give bond to bis Ma- °.^cr jefty, his heirs and fucceflors, with one or more fufficient fure- the^untiesl ty, to be approved of by his Majefty’s receiver general, or his

deputy, in the penal fum of one hundred pounds, that fuch boat (hall not export, from the faid IJk of Man, any goods prohibited to be exported from thence; or import, into the faid ifle, any goods prohibited to be imported there; or export or import there, as aforefaid, any cuftomable goods, for which the	'	'I

duties due and payable to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, have not been duly anfwered and paid; and (hall not be other-wife employed or ufed in any illicit trade, whereby his Majefty, his heirs and fucceflors, (hall or may be defrauded: which bonds The bends ihall continue in force for three years from the dates thereof; to be in fbrcO and, in cafe no fraud (hall appear within that time, it (hall and for 3 ycarl* fnay be lawful for his Majefty’s faid receiver genbral to cancel the fame.

XX.	And it is hereby further enabled by the authority afore- RegifteTs faid, That it (hall and may be lawful for the officer regiftering fees, any (hip, ve(Tel, or boat, and taking any bond in purfuance of

this alt, to demand and receive from the mafter or owner of tuch (hip, veffcl, or boat, one (hilling for every regifter, and from the perfon giving fuch bond, one (hilling for every bond, and no more.

XXI.	And be it enabled by the authority aforefaid. That be- Claims with fore any perfon (hall be intitled to the refpe&ive bounties, grant- refped to the ed by this aCt for the encouragement of the linen manufacture, [i^how^o'bt each perfon claiming fuch bounty (ball refpe&ively make oath afcertained. before his Majefty’s receiver general of theifland, or his deputy,

of the number ot yards of linen cloth wove or exported by the faid perfon fo claiming, and alio of the quantity of linen yarn fpun by the perfon claiming the bounty for fpinning, agreeable to the terms before fpecified.

XXII.	And it is hereby further enaCted by the authority a- Where goods forefaid. That from and after the faid fifth day of July, one un“ thoufand feven hundred and fixty feven, if any goods, wares, or iaJScd befoie merchandizes, liable to the payment of duties in the IJU of Man duty paid; by this or any other adl of parliament, (hall be unftlipped or

landed from any (hip or veflel inward bound, before the refpec-tive duties due thereon are paid, agreeable to law; or if any pro- or prohibited hibited goods whatfoever (hall be imported into, or exported g°°dsbe im-out of, the faid IJU of Man; every perfon who (hall be affifting or otherwife concerned, either in the unihipping or landing in- the parties wards, or in (hipping or loading outwards, fuch goods, or to concerned whofe hands the fame (hall knowingly come after the unfhip- forfeit treble ping, landing, or relanding the fame, (hall, for each and every tllc va*uc» offence, forfeit treble the value of fuch goods, to be eftimated

and

504.	Anno	feptimo	Georgii III. C. 45. f 1766^

and computed according to the bed price that each commodity then bears at the town and port of Douglas in the faid iflantl; with the and the faid goods, and all the boats, horfes, cattle, and car-goods, boats, riages whatfocver, made ufe of in the landing, loading, recattle, and moving, carriage, or conveyance thereof, (hall 'alfo be forfeited carnages. afMj loft; an(j |ga|j ancj may ^	by	officer	or	officen

of the cuftoms, and fued for and profecuted as herein after mentioned.

gums payable XXIII. And it is hereby further enabled by the authority a-an purftiance forefaid. That all Aims of money which (hall be paid, incurred, ®f ^hi* *&* to or recovered, m purfuance of this aft, (hall be deemed, and are money of	hereby declared to be, fterling	nionw	of	Great Britain; and

Great Britain, fhall be paid, collected, and recovered,	to	the amount of the

value which fuch nominal fums bear in Great Britain. Forfeitures XXIV. And it is hereby further enafted by the authority i-and penalties forefaid, That all forfeitures and penalties intlifted by this aft, to be fued for as well fpecifick as pecuniary, and all fuits or informations andrpcpvcred, wb;ch (ball be brought or commenced for the recovery thereof, (hall be fued for, profecuted, tried, heard, and determined, and and applied as the faid penalties and forfeitures diftributed and difpofed of, in aftc Geo. 3.	fuch manner and form, and by	fuch rules,	regulations, and re-

*hre®sf	ftriftions, as arc preferibed and	direfted	in	ana by an aft made

in the fifth year of the reign of his prefent Majefty, intituled. An afl for the more effectual preventing the mifthiefs ariftng to the revenue and commerce of Great Britain and Ireland, from the illicit and clandejline trade to and from the Ifle of Man, with refpeft to the forfeitures and penalties therein mentioned.

Recital of XXV. And whereas by an aft pajfed in this prefent fejjion of per-claufe in an Ilament, intituled, An aft to prohibit, for a limited time, the tx-this portation of corn, grain, meal, malt, flour, bread, bifeuit, and n# ftarch; and alfo the extraftion of low wines and fpirits from wheat and wheat flour; it is, amongfl other things, enaflei. That the faid afl Jhall not extend to two thoufand Jive hundred quarters §f wheat, barley, oats, meal, and flour, trartfpor ted from the ports tf Southampton or Exeter only, unto the Ifle of Man, for the ufe if the inhabitants of the faid ifland, under certain reflriflions in theflni aCt mentioned: and whereas the ports of Southampton and Exeter, being remote from the Ifle of Man, the navigation is too expenfhn and inconvenient to carry the faid goods from thence; by which means the good purpofes intended by the faid ah has been in a great meafurt, The quantity if not entirely, ineffectual; be it therefore enafted by the ao-limited bv the thority aforefaid. That, from aftd after the pa fling of this ad,

whe^f bar-°f lt * anc* may *avv^u^ ^or anY Majefty’s fubjefts, at Icy, See. for anY ^mc or times during the continuance of the laid recited aft, the ufe of the to tranfport wheat, barley, oats, meal, and flour, from the ports inhabitants, of Whitehaven and Liverpool only, inftead of the ports of South-wmdfrora tsmpton and Exeter, under the like reftriftions, fecurities, and li-Whitehaven nutations, as are mentioned in the faid recited aft; fo as the and Uver- whole quantity of wheat, barley, oats, meal, and flour, which pool, inftead lhall be (hipped at both the faia ports of Whitehaven and Uver-together with the quantity of wheat, barley, oats, meal,

and

1766.] Anno, feptimo Geokgii III. 0.46.	#	505

and flour (if any) which (hall have been (hipped at the faid ports o{^Southampton and Exeter, for the Ifle of Many as aforefaid, (hall * not exceed two thoufand five hundred quarters ; one moiety of the quantity fo to be (hipped under the authority of this a<ft,

{hall be (hipped at the port of Jp^jitebavcn, and the other moiety * thereof at the faid port of Liverpool; any thing in the faid recited adt to the contrary notwithftanding.

CAP. XLVL •

An aft for granting certain duties in the Britifh colonies and * plantations in America •, for allowing a drawback of the duties of cujloms upon the exportation, from this kingdom, of cofee and cocoa nuts of the produce of the faid colonies or plantations; for difeontinuing the drawbacks payable on china earthen ware exported to America; and for more effeftually preventing the clandeftine running of goods in the faid colonies and plantations.

WHEREAS it is expedient that a revenue Jhould be raifei, Preamble.

in your Majefys dominions in America, for making a more certain and adequate provifion for defraying the charge of the admini-■flration of jufliet, and the fupport of civil government, in fucb provinces where it /ball be found necejfary; and towards further defraying the expences of defending, protecting, and fecuring, the faid dominions ; we, your Majejlys moji dutiful and loyalfubjefts, the com-mons of Great Britain, in parliament ajfembled, have therefore re* folved to give and grant unto your Majefty the feveral rates and duties herein after mentioned; and do moil humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be ena&ed, and be it ena&ed by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent ' parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. That From and af-from and after the twentieth day of November, one thoufand fe- ter 20 Nov. ven hundred and (ixty feven, there (hall be raifed, levied, col- ^6^t^da-lected, and paid, unto his Majefty, his heirs, and fucceflors, for ^t0 and upon the refpedtive goods herein after mentioned, which place, upon {hall be imported from Great Britain into any colony or plantai- the refpe&iva tion in America which now is, or hereafter may be, under the “crc~ dominion of his Majefty, his heirs, or fucceflors, the feveral rates and duties following ; that is to fay,	ported from

Great Britain into the pritiffr colonies and plantations in America* vis.

For every hundred weight avoirdupois of crown, plate, flint, Upon glafs, and white glafs, four (hillings and eight pence.

For every hundred weight avoirdupois of green glafs, one {hilling and two pence.

For every hundred weight avoirdupois of red lead, two {hit- Red lead, lings.

For every hundred weight avoirdupois of white lead, two white wuh (hillings.

For

506

Painters colours.

Teas,

*nd paper:

Anno fcptimo GeoRGII lH <S. 46*	£	1766.

For every hundred weight avoirdupois of painters colours, two (hillings.	#

For every pound weight avoirdupois of tea, three pence.

For every ream of paper, ufually called or known by the name of Atlas Fine, twelve (hillings.

For every ream of paper called Atlas Ordinary,, fix (hillings.

For every ream of paper called Baflard, or Double Copy, one (hilling and fix pence.

For every fingle ream of blue paper for fugar bakers, tea pence halfpenny.

For every ream of paper called Blue Rpyaly one (hilling and fix pence.

For every bundle of brown paper containing forty quires, not made in Great Britain, fix pence.

For every ream of paper called Brown Copy not made in Greet Britain, nine pence.

For every ream of paper called Brown Large Copy made ia Great Britain, four pence halfpenny.

For every ream of paper called Small Ordinary Brown, made in Great Britain, three pence.

For every bundle, containing forty quires, of paper called lVbited Broun, made in Great Britain, four pence halfpenny.

For every ream of cartridge paper, one (hilling and one penny halfpenny.

For every ream of paper called Chancery Double, one (hilling and fix pence.

For every ream of paper called Genoa Crown Fine, one (hilling and one penny halfpenny.

For every ream of paper called Genoa Crown Second, nine pence.

For every ream of paper called German Crown, nine pence.

For every ream of paper called Fine Printing Crown, nine pence.

For every ream of paper called Second Ordinary Printing Crowe, fix pence three farthings.

For every ream of paper called Crown Fine, made in Greet Britain, nine pence.

For every ream of paper called Crown Second, made in Greet Britain, fix pence three farthings.

For every ream of paper called Demy Fine, not made in Greet Britain, three (hillings.

For every ream of paper called Demy Second, not made in Great Britain, one (hilling and tour pence halfpenny.

For every ream of paper called Demy Fine, made in Greet Britain, one (hilling and one penny halfpenny.

For every ream of paper called Demy Second, made in Great Britain, nine pence.

For every ream of paper called Demy Printing, one (hilling and three pence.

For every ream of paper called Genoa Demy Fine9 one (hilling and fix pence.

4	For

1766.I	Anno fcptimo Georgii III. c. 46.

For every ream of paper called Genoa Demy Second, one fhil-lidg and one penny halfpenny.

For every ream of paper called German Demy, one (hilling and one penny halfpenny.

For every ream of paper called Elephant Fine, fix (hillings.

For every ream of paper called Elephant Ordinary, two (hillings and five pence farthing.

For every ream of paper called Genoa Fools Cap Fine, one (hilling and one penny halfpenny.

For every ream of paper called Genoa Fools Cap Second, nine pence.

For every ream of paper called German Fools Cap, nine pence.

For every ream of paper called Fine Printing Fools. Cap, nine pence.

For every ream of paper called Second Ordinary Printing Fools Cap, fix pence three farthings.

For every ream of any other paper called Fools Cap Fine, not made in Great Britain, one (hilling and ten pence halfpenny. *

For every ream of any other paper called Fools Cap Fine Second9 not made in Great Britain, one (hilling and fix pence.

For every ream of paper called Fools Cap Fine, made in Great Britain, nine pence.

For every ream of paper called Fools Cap Second, made if* Great Britain, fix pence three farthings.

For every ream of paper called Imperial Fine, twelve (hillings.

For every ream of paper called Second Writing Imperial, eight (hillings and three pence.

For every ream of paper called German Lombard, nine pence.

For every ream of paper called Medium Fine, four (hillings and fix pence.

For every ream of paper called Genoa Medium, one (hilling and ten pence halfpenny.

For every ream of paper called Second Writing Medium, three (hillings.

For every ream of painted paper, not made in Great Britain, fix (hillings.

For every ream of paper called Fine Large Pofi, one (hilling and ten pence halfpenny.

For every ream of paper called Small Pojl, one (hilling and one penny halfpenny.

For every ream of paper called Fine Genoa Pot, fix pence three farthings.

For every ream of paper called Second Genoa Pot, fix pence three farthings.

For every ream of other paper called Superfine Pot, not made in Great Britain, one (hilling and fix pence.

For every ream of other paper called Second Fine Pot, not made in Great Britain, one (hilling and one penny halfpenny.

For every ream of paper called Ordinary Pot, not made in Great Britain, fix pence three farthings.

For every ream of paper called Fine Pot2 made in Great Brt-nine pence.

For

Anno feptimo GeoRGII III. c. 46*	[176$.

For every ream of paper called Second Pot, made in Great Bri-tain, four pence halfpenny.	•

For every ream of paper called Super Royal Fine, nine (hillings.

For every ream of paper called Royal Fine, fix (hillings.

For every ream of paper called Fine Holland Royal, two (hillings and five pence farthing.

For every ream of paper called Fine Holland Second, one (hilling and fix pence.

For every ream of paper called Second Fine Holland Royal, one (hilling ana fix pence.

For every ream of paper called Ordinary Royal, nine pence. For every ream of paper called Genoa Royal, two (hillings and five pence farthing.

For every ream of paper called Second Writing Royal, four (hillings and one penny halfpenny.

For every ream of paper called Second Writing Super Royal\ fir {hillings.

For every hundred weight avoirdupois of pafte-boards, millboards, and fcale-boards, not made in Great Britain, three {hillings and nine pence.

For every hundred weight avoirdupois of pafte-boards, mill-boards, and fcale-boards, made in Great Britain, two (hillings and three pence.

And for and upon all paper which (hall be printed, painted, or ftained, in Great Britain, to ferve for hangings or other ufes, three farthings for every yard fquare, over and above the duties payable for fuch paper by this a6f, if the fame had not been pnnted, painted, or ftained $ and after thofc rates refpedlivdy for any greater or lefs quantity.

Ail other un- Andlt ls hcreby further enabled by the authority afbrefkid, rated paper That all other paper (not being particularly rated and charged how to he in this a<ft) (hall pay the feveral and refpe<ftive duties that are charged. charged, by this a<ft, upon fuch paper as is neared above in Cze and goodnefs to fuch unrated paper.

Quantity of HI* And be it declared and enacted by the authority aforefaid, wKich a ream That a ream of paper, chargeable by this aft, (hall be undergo confi'IT ^	10 con^ °* twenty quires, and each quire of twenty four

Duties to be IV. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afoit-.paid as fter- -faid. That the faid rates and duties, charged by this aft upon rvfa?R?ftoin 8°°^s imported into any Britijb American colony or plantation,

* (hall be deemed, and are hereby declared to be, fterling money of Great Britain; and (hall be collected, recovered, and paid, to the amount of the value which fuch nominal Aims bear in Great Britain; and that fuch monies may be received and taken i at the rate of according to the proportion and value of live (hillings and fix ■5s. 6d. per pence the ounce in filver; and (hall be raifed, levied, colle&ed, °** I*1 {jiver.5. paid, and recovered, in the fame manner and form, ahd by fuch and leviedw rulesi ways* and me*ns, and under fuch penalties and forfeitures.

1766.] Anno feptimo Georgii III. c. 4

as any other duties, now payable to his Majefty upon goods imported into the faid colonies or plantations,\may beraifed, levied, colledted, paid, and recovered, by any adt or adts of parliament now in force, as fully and effedtually, to all intents and pur-pofes, as if the feveral claufes, powers, directions, penalties, and forfeitures, relating thereto, were particularly repeated, and again enacted, in the body of this prefent act: and that all the monies that (hall arife by the faid duties (except the neceffary charges of railing, collecting, levying, recovering, anfwering, paying, and accounting for the fame) (hall be applied, in the fiLrrf place, in fuch manner as is herein after mentioned, in making a more certain and adequate provifion for the charge of the admini ft ration of juftice, and the fupport of civil government, in fuch of the faid colonies and plantations where it (hall be found necef-fary; and that the refidue of fuch duties (hall be paid into the receipt of his Maiefty’s exchequer, and (hall be entered feparate and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majefty, his heirs, or fucceffors; and (hall be there referved, to be from time to time difpofed of by parliament towards defraying the neceffary expences of defending, protecting, and fecuring, the JSr/-tijb colonies and plantations in America.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid, That his Majefty and his fucceftbrs (hall be, and are hereby, impow-cred, from time to time, by any warrant or warrants under his or their royal (ign manual or fign manuals, countcrfigned by the high treafurer, or any three or more of the commiftioners of the treafury for the time being, to caufe fuch monies to be applied, out of the produce of the duties granted by this ad, as his Majefty, or his fucceffors, (hall think proper or neceffary, for defraying the charges of the adminiftration of juftice, and the fupport of the civil government, within all or any of the faid colonies or plantations.

of juftice and civil government

509

any other duties payable to his Majefty |.

and to be applied, in the firft place, in making pro-vifions for the adminiltra-tion of juftice, and fupport of the civil government ; and the refidue to be paid into the exchequer, and relerved for the difpo-fition of parliament.

His-Majefty im powered to caufe fuch monies to be applied out of the produce of the faid duties as he (hall judge neceflary for defraying the charges of the adminiftration there.

VI.	And whereas the allowing a drawback of all the duties of cuff toms upon the exportation^ from this kingdom of coffee and cocoa nuts, the growth of the Britifh dominions in America, may be a means of encouraging the growth of coffee and cocoa in the faid dominions; be

it therefore enadted by the authority aforefaid, That from and Drawback of after the faid twentieth day of November, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty feven, upon the exportation of any coffee or cocoa nuts, of the growth or produce of any Britifh colony or exportation plantation in America^ from this kingdom as merchandize, the from this whole duties of cuftoms, payable upon the importation of fuch coffee or cocoa nuts, (hall be drawn back and repaid; in fuch g^oanuts, manner, and under fuch rules, regulations, penalties, and for- produce of the feitures, as any drawback or allowance, payable out of the du- Briti(hAmeri-ties of cuftoms upon the exportation of fuch coffee or cocoa nuts, <?n plaota-was, could, or might be paid, before the palling of this adt; any Uons# law, cuftom, or uiage, to the contrary notwithftanding.

VII.	And it is hereby further enadted by the authority afore- ^^mied ut£ faid, That no drawback (hall be allowed for any china earthen on chirm

. Voi. XXV1L	LI	ware earthen ware

fold after the

'510	Anno leptimo Georgii III. c. 46.	[1766.

pafllng of this ware fold, after the palling of this aft, at the fale of the united aft, at the company of merchants of England trading to the Eafi Indifs> which (hall be entered for exportation from Great Britain to any be exported to part of America; any law, cuftom, or ufage, to the contrary America. notwithftanding.

Penalty of VIII. And it is hereby further enabled by the authority afore-Jraudulently	yjiat jf any china earthen ware fold, after the palling of

exportanon thls a(^> at t*lc fale x^c ^ united company, (hall be entered any fuch ware for exportation to any part of America as china earthen ware that as fold before had been fold at the fale of the faid company before that time; thepaflingthis or> jf any china earthen ware fhall be entered for exportation to bwn lold af- anY Parts beYon(l the feas* other than to feme part of Ameriij, tcr;	*	in order to obtain any drawback thereon, and the faid china

or of entering earthen ware lhall neverthelefs be carried to any part of Americt, fuch ware for an(j landed there, contrary to the true intent and meaning of

to,obuinaatf, X^lS ac^> that t^ien» *n cach an<* evfrY ^ch ca^e> drawback drawback, fball be forfeited; and the merchant or other perfon making and carrying fuch entry, and the mailer or perfon taking the charge of the thj <!amlto’* Ihip or veffel on hoard which the faid goods lhall be loaden for in America!t cxPortat^on* lhall ^or^clt double the amount of the drawback *	'	paid, or to be paid, for the fame, and alfo treble the value of

Method of the faid goods; one moiety to and for the ufe of his Majefty, recovery and his heirs, and fucccflors; and the other moiety to fuch officer of application of thecuftoms as (hall fue for the fame; to be profecuted, fued for, e pena ty. an(j recovcre(^ jn fuch manner and form, and by the fame rules and regulations, as other penalties inflifted for offences againft the laws relating to the cuftoms may be profecuted, fued for, and recovered, by any aft or afts of parliament now in force.

IX.	Andy for the more effectual preventing the cJandeJline running Entry and re- °f goods in the Britilh dominions in America, be it further enafted port to be by the authority aforefaid. That from and after the faid twen-madeot all ticth day of November, one thoufand feven hundred and lixty fe-arrivalT/an^ ven> t^e *U3(leror other perfon having or taking the charge or of the British command of every Ihip or veflel arriving in any Britijb colon* colonies in or plantation in America lhall, before he proceeds with his veflel America, be- t0 tjie p]ace Gf unlading, come dircftly to the cuftom lioufe for ceed tothe™" *he Port or ^iftrift where he arrives, and make a juft and true place of un- entry, upon oath, before the collector and comptroller, or other lading. principal officer of the cuftoms there, of the burthen, contents, and lading, of fuch (hip or veflel, with the particular marks, numbers, qualities, and contents, of every parcel of goods therein laden, to the belt of his knowledge; alfo where and in what port fhe took in her lading; of what country built; how manned; who was mailer during the voyage, and who are own-Entry alfoand ers thereof; and whether any, and what goods, during the report to be courfe of fuch voyage, had or had not been difeharged oat of made out- fuch (hip or veflel, and where: and the mailer or other perfon rnyCparTofre having or taking the charge or command of every fhip or veflel, the lading going out from any Briti/h colony or plantation in America, be-fluil be taken fore he lhall take in, or fuflfer to be taken into or laden on board any fuch Ihip or veflel, any goods, wares, or merchandizes, to

4y.66f] Anno feptimo GeoRgii III. c. 46.	it

be exported, (hall, in like manner, enter and report outwards fiich (hip or veflel, with her name and burthen, of what country built, and how manned, with the names of the matter and owners thereof, and to what port or place he intends to pafs or fail: and a content rnd before he (hall depart with fuch Ihip or veflel out of any fuch to bc deiiver-rolony or plantation, he (hall alfo bring and deliver unto the bc*ore ia xdledtor and comptroller, or other principal officer of the cuf- lns* toms at the port or place where he (hall lade, a content in writ-ng, under his hand, of the name of every merchant, or other lerfon who (hall have laden, or put on board any fuch (hip or ireflel, any goods or merchandize, together with the marks and lumbers of fuch goods or merchandize: and fuch matter or per- Matter alfo ol bn having or taking the charge or command of every fuch (hip cvei7 >r veflel, either coming into, or going out of, any Britijh colo-^goingont ly or plantation as aforefaid, whether fuch (hip or veflel (hall be of, any Britilh aden or in ballatt, or otherwife, (hall likewife publickly, in the colony,

>pcn cuftom houfe, to the bett of his knowledge, anfwcr upon to anfwer up->ath to fuch quettions as (hall be demanded of him by the col- on oath to the edtor and comptroller, or other principal officer of the cuftoms or fuch port or place, concerning fuch (hip or veflel, and the hi^at leftination of her voyage, or concfrning any goods or merchan- cuftom houft lize that (hall or may be laden on board her, upon forfeiture of by the col-me hundred pounds fterling money of Great Britain, for each leftor, &c. of ind every default or negledt; to be fued for, profecuted, reco- on penalty of xred, and divided, in the fame manner and form, by the fame IQOi, y ides and regulations in all refpedts, as other pecuniary penalties, or offences againft the laws relating to the cuttoms or trade of lis Majefty’s colonies in America, may, by any adt or adts of nurliament now in force, be profecuted, fued for, recovered, and livided.

X.	And whereas by an aft of parliament made in the fourteenth Claufes in aQ ear of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An adt for H Car* *• >reventing frauds, and regulating abufes, in his Majefty’s cuf-oms, and feveral other afts now in force, it is lavjfuljor any off -or of his Maje fly's cuflomsy authorized by writ of affylance under he Jeal of bis Majejlfs court of exchequer, to take a conflable% head-vrough, or other public officer inhabiting near unto the place, and in be day-time to enter and go into any houfex Jbop, cellar, warehoufe, r room or other place, and9 in cafe of refflance, to break open door 'si bejlsy trunks, and other package tberey to feize, and from thence to ring, any kind of goods or merchandize whatfoever prohibited or un-vjkmed, and to put and fecure the fame in bis Majejly's Jlore-houfe uut to the place where fuch feizure/ball be made; and whereas by an Aft 7 8ci & made in the feventb and eighth years of the reign of King William WiU. j. % be Third, intituled, An alt For preventing frauds, and regulating ibufes, in the plantation trade, it is9 amcngjl other things^ enaftedr hat the officers for coliefting and managing his Majejly's rrjenuey md injpefting tie plantation trade, in America, floallhave the fame wars and authorities to enter houfes or wafehoufesy to fearch for and eize goods prohibited to be imported or exported into or out of any cf be faid plantations > or for which any duties are payable, or ought to

11 2	have

Writs of af-fiftaucc, pur-luam to the rcMted a As, to be granted by I he fu-prertie coart of jaftice having jurifdic-tion in the colony.

General iflue.

Treble cofts*

Anno feptimo Georgii III. c. 47.	[1766.

have been paid; and that the like afftfiante Jball be given to the foil officers tn the execution of their office, as* by the /aid recited aft ef tin fourteenth year of King Charles the Second, is provided for the officers in England: but* no authority being exprefsly given by the fni aft) made in the feventh and eighth years of the reign of king William the Third* to any particular coart to grant fucb writs rfof f 'fiance for the officers of the cufloms in the faid plantations, it ii doubted whether fuch officers can legally enter houfes and other ptacesm land* to fearchfor and Jeize goods, in the manner directed by the fail recited afts: To obviate which doubts for the future, and in order to carry the intention of the faid recited adts into effedtud execution, be it enadted, and it is hereby enadted by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the faid twentieth day of November y one thoufand feven hundred and fixty feven, fuch writ! of afliftance, to authorize and impower the officers of his Ma-jefty’s cuftoms to enter and go into any houfe, warehoufe, (hop, cellar, or other place, in the Britijb colonies or plantations in America, to fearch for and feize prohibited or uncuftomed goods, in the manner directed by the faid recited adts, fhall and may be granted by the faid fuperior or fupreme court of juftice having iurifdidf ion within fuch cgjony or plantation refpedtivcly.

XL And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid. That if any adtion or fuit fhall be commenced, cither in Great Bri-tain or America, againft any perfon or perl'ons for any thing done in purfuance of this adt, the defendant or defendants in fuch action or fuit may plead the general iflue, and give this adt, and the fpecial matter, in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon) and that the fame was done in purfuance and by the authority of this adt: and if it fhall appear fo to have been done, the jurr fhall find for the defendant or defendants: and if the plaintiff fhall be nonfuited, or difeontinue his adtion after the defendant or defendants fhall have appeared, or if judgement fhall be given upon any verdidt or demurrer againft the plaintiff; the defendant or defendants (hall recover treble cofts, and have the like remedy for the fame as defendants have in other cafes by law.

CAP. XLVII.

An aflfor difeontinuing the duties on logwood exported; for taking off the duties on Succus Liquoritise imported* aid for granting other duties in lieu thereof; for explaining fuch parts of two afts made in the tenth and twelfth years of the reign of Queen Anne, as relate to certain duties on filks* printed\ painted, or famed, in Great Britain 5 for granting a duty upon the exportation of fucb rice as fhall have been imported duty-free» in purfuance of an aft made in this feffion of parliament; ana for more effeftually preventing the wear of foreign lace and needle work which are prohibited to be imported into this

WHEREAS

*7<56L] Anno feptimo Georgxi III. c. 47#	513

WHEREAS the difcontinuing the duty payable upon the ex- Preamble.

per tat ion of logwood from this kingdom, may be a means of encouraging the importation thereof \ May it pleafe your Majefty that it may be enaded, and be it enaded by the King’s molt excellent majefty, by and with the advice and content of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflerabled, and by the authority of the fame. That From and affront and after the twentieth day of Julyy one thoufand (even ter *0 July, and fixty feven, the duty now payable upon logwood, exported tic* tobe paid from this kingdom to any parts beyond the leas, (hall ceafe, Upon the ex-determine, and be no longer paid or payable; any law, cuftom, portation of or ufage, to the contrary notwithftanding.	I0??001*to

II.	Provided always, and it is hereby further enaded by fore’^n part<l -the authority aforefaid. That due entries (hall be made at the prowded dot cuftora-houte of all fuch logwood, upon which the duty is taken ent?c,{* -off by this ad, in the fame manner and form, exprefling the madc t“ercof* quantities and qualities thereof, as was ufed and pradifed before the making of this ad; and fuch logwood (hall be (hipped out- and the lame wards in the prefence of the proper officers of the cuftoms ap- befliipped in pointed for that purpofe; and the exportation thereof (hall be offi«r^nd in in Britijb built (hips or veflels, navigated according to law ; and Britifti built on failure of the faid conditions and directions, or any of them, veflels j the faid logwood (hall be liable to the fame duty as if this ad otherwife to bad never been made; any thing herein before contained to the pay duty. Contrary notwithftanding.

III.	And whereas Succui Liquoritiae is rated in the book of rates made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second\ at one )hilling per pound weight 5 according to which value, the duties now payable upon Succus Liquoritiae, imported into this king-dom, amount to feven pounds, two Jhillingsy and fix pence, for every hundred weight thereof: and whereas it has been founds by experience^ that the faid duties are too high5 which has induced many perfons to import clandejiinely great quantities of fuch Succus Li-quoritiac, to the prejudice of th$ revenue and the fair trader : For remedy whereof, be it enaded by the authority aforefaid. That The former from and after the twentieth day of July, one thoufand feven dutyonSuccus hundred and fixty feven, the feveral duties payable upon thet0 importation of Succus Liquoritia (hall ceafe, determine, and be 9 no longer paid ; and, in lieu thereof, there (hall be paid and and in lieu payable to his Majefty, his heirs, and fucceflors, for every hun- thereof *os. dred weight avoirdupois of Succus Liquoritia^ which from and /^hundred after the faid twentieth day of July9 one thoufand feven hun- we®1 * dred and fixty feven, (hall be imported into Great Britain, the fum of thirty (hillings.

IV.	And it is hereby further enaded by the authority afore- to be paid in faid. That the faid duty by this ad granted (hall be paid down ready money;

}n ready money, without any difeount or allowance; and (hall a?5* without pot be afterwards drawn back or repaid upon the exportation	on

of the fame goods ; and (hall be raifed, levied, colleded, and exportation, paid, in the fame manner and form, and by fuch rules, ways, and See* ipttins, and under fuch penalties and forfeitures, as the duties

tlj	Upon

5T4	Anno	feptimo Georgii III. 0.47!	[1766.	;

upon Succtis Liquoritia hereby determined, or any of them, might have been raifed, levied, recovered, and paid, if Ac fame, or any of them, had continued, and to heap- V. And it is hereby enafled by the authority aforelaid. That plied as the the duties to arife upon the importation of Succus Liquoritia pur*

mon^ru11^8 ^uant to a<^ nece^*ary charges of management except-upon rugs. ^ ^	appropriated and applied, as near as may be, to

the fame ufes and purpofes as the prefent duties upon drugs, rated by the book of rates made in the twelfth year of the rejgu of King Charles the Second, are applicable, or ought to be applied.

Recital of VI. And whereas by an aft paffed in the tenth year of the reign if elaufe in aft her late majefiy ueen Anne, intituled, An a<ft for laying fevenl to Ann* i duties upon all fope and paper made in Great Britain, or imported into the fame ; and upon chequered and ftriped linens imports ed *, and upon certain filks, callicoes, linens, and ftuffs, printed, painted, or Rained; and upon feveral kinds of ftampt vellum, parchment, and paper, and upon certain printed papers, pamphlets, and advertifements; for railing the fum of one nullioo eight hundred thoufand pounds, by way of a lottery, towards her Majefty's fupply; and for licenfing an addition^ number of hackney chairs $ and for charging certain Rocks of cards and dice ; and for better fecuring her MajeRy’s duties to arife in the office of Ramp duties by licences for marriages, and otherwifc; and for relief of perfons who have not claimed their lottery 1 tickets in due time, or have loR exchequer bills or lottery tickets ; and for borrowing money upon Rock (part of the capital of the South Sea company) for the ufe of the public 5 it is, amongjt Other jhings, enafted, that there Jhould be raifed, levied, collefted, and paid, to and for the ufe of her Majefly her heirs* and fiu ceffors, for and upon allfilks, calicoes, linens, andfluffs* of wbd kind fever,, which, at any time or times, within or during the tern of thirty two years, to be reckoned from the twentieth day ^July, one thoufand Jeven hundred and twelve, Jhould be printed, flainei, painted, or dyed, in Great Britain (fuch calicoes, linens, and Juj-turns, as Jhould be dyed throughout of one colour only ; and fluffs made of woollen, or whereof the greatejt part in value Jhould be woollen \ always excepted) the feveral and refpeftive rates and duties herein after expreffed (over and above the duties payable upon the importation of them, or any of them) that is to fay,

Duties payable by virtue of the faid •ft on filks, and on filk handkerchiefs.

For and upon all ftlks fo printed, flawed, or tainted, in Great Br.tain (filk handkerchiefs excepted) the fum of fix pence for ever) yard in lengthy reckoning half a yardfor the breadth.

And for all filk handkerchiefs fo printed, fiained, or painted, in Great Britain, the fum of three pence for every yard fipiare j and in thofe proportions for wider or narrower filks.

Recital of And whereas by an aft paffed in the third year of the reign of hu rlaufes in late majefly King George the Firfl, intituled. An aft for redeem-^ft j Geo. 1. jng thc duties and revenues which were fettled to pay off prig-

1y66.]	Anno feprimo Georgii III. c. 47.'	£15

cipal and intereft on the orders made forth at four lottery ads pafled in the ninth and tenth years of her late Majefty’s reign ; and for redeeming certain annuities payable on orders out of the hereditary excife, according to a former ad in that behalf; and for eftablifhing a general yearly fund, not only for the future payment of annuities at feveral rates, to be payable and tranf-ferrable at the bank of England, and redeemable by parliament, but alfo to raife monies for fuch proprietors of the faid orders as (hall choofe to be paid their principal and arrears of intereft in ready money; and for making good fuch other deficiencies and payments as in this ad are mentioned; and for taking off the duties on linfeed imported, and Britifh linen exported ; the faid feveral rates and duties are made perpetual: And whereas & 12 Ann*; by an ah of parliament made in the twelfth year of the reign of her faid late majejly £>ueen Anne, intituled, An ad for laying additional duties on i'ope and paper; and upon certain linens, filks, cal-licoes, and fluffs ; and upon (larch, and exported coals; and upon flampt vellum, parchment, and paper, for railing one million four hundred thoufand pounds, by way of a lottery, for her Majefty’s fupply; and for allowances on exporting made wares of leather, fheep (kins, and lamb (kins; and for diftrU bution of four thoufand pounds due to the officers and feamen for gun money; and to adjuft the property of tickets in former lotteries ; and touching certain (hares of (lock in the capital of the South Sea company ; and for appropriating the monies granted to her Majefty; it is, amongfl other things, enabled, That there Jhould be raifed, levied, collected, and paid, to and for the ufe of her Majefty, her heirs, and fucceffors, for and upon all fills,. callicoes, linens, and fluffs, of what kind foever, which, at any time or times within or during the term of thirty two years, to be reckoned from the fecond day of Auguft, one thoufand feven hundred and • fourteen, jhould be printed, flained, painted, or dyed, in Great Britain (fuch callicoes, linens, and fuftians, as Jball be dyed throughout of one colowm only \ and fluffs made of woollen, or whereof the great-tfl part in value Jhall be woollen ; always excepted) the feveral and rejpeftive rates and duties therein and herein after expreffed (over end above all other duties payable for the fame, or any of them) that is to fay,

For and upon all filks fo printed, flained, or painted, within or Duties paya-during the term aforefaid, in Great Britain (filk handkerchiefs ex- ble by virtue cepted) the fum of fix pence for every yard in length, reckoning half^TCQ^on 0 yard for the breadth•

And for all filk handkerchiefs fo printed, flained, or painted, with- and filk in or during the term aforefaid, in Great Britain, the fum of one handker-penny for every yard fquare; and in thofe proportions for wider or chic^s* narrower filks.

And whereas by an alt of parliament made in the fixtb year of the The f“d reign of his faid late majejly King George the Firft, intituled. An {^m^deper-for enabling the South Sea company to encreafe their prefent ^tUA\ by I 4	capital	6 Geo* i.

5*6	Anno feptimo Georgii III. c.47.	[1766.

capital {lock and fund, by redeeming fuch publick debts and and incumbrances as are therein mentioned; and for railing money, to be applied for leffening feveral of the publick debts and incumbrances; and for calling in the prefentexchequer bills remaining uncancelled; and for making forth new bills ia lieu thereof, to be circulated and exchanged upon demand * or near the exchequer; the faid feveral rates and duties ktft mentioned are made perpetual: And whereas feme doubts have arifau whether ribbands and filks Jo printed, fainedy or painted, being left than half a yard in breadth are witbtn the meaning of the fad recited afts9 and liable to the faidfeveral rates and duties by the faid alts Ribbands and impofed: Now, for obviating all fuch doubts, be it declared by filks, printed, the authority aforefaid. That all ribbands and iilks printed, painted in ^a,nc<*> or painted, in Great Britain, though lefs than half t Grea^Britain, y ard in breadth, are, within the true intent and meaning of though lefs 'the faid ads, liable to the feveral rates and duties by the laid in;

than half a yard in breadth,

Claufe in an act of this fcilion.

two firft mentioned a&s impofed, according to the proportions in which fuch ribbands or filks are or (hall be made, declared to be within the intent of the two firft a£h$ and are liable to pay duties accord* ingly.

VII.	And whereas by an aft made in this prefent fejfion of parSe-menty intituled, An adl for allowing the free importation of rice, (ago powder, and vermicelli, into this kingdom, from his Ma-jefty’s colonies in North America, for a limited time, itis9 aamgf other things, tnaftedy That it Jhall and may be lawfulforanyperfmer perfons to import into Great Britain, from any of his Majeftys eebmes in North America, at any time or times before the firft day of December , one thoufand feven hundred andfixty feveny any rice9 without the payment of anyfubfidyy cujiom, duty9 or imposition wbatfoever : Now, to the end the advantage intended to this kingdom, by the faid recited a£1, may not be evaded by the exportation of fuch rice into foreign parts; we your Majefty’s moil dutiful and loyal fub-jeCts the commons of Great Britain, in parliament aflembled, do give and grant unto your Majefty, and do humbly befeech your Majefty that it may be enaCted ; and be it cnadted by the autho* Rice imported rity aforefaid. That for and upon all rice which hath been, or Jduty free by (hall be, imported into this kingdom duty-free, by virtue of VF\uetl\c the faid recited aft, and which lhall be again exported thereout. whaHhaU be there	Pa,<*	an<*	anfwcrc<^to his Majefty, his heirs, and

again export* focceflors, a fubfidy of poundage of fix pence in the pound, ed, is to pay a according to the value or rate fet upon rice imported, in tbs duty ad VaJo- book 0f r^tes referred to by the a<5t of the twelfth year of King thTix>und|in Carles the Second ; which faid fubfidy of fix pence in tbs - .	pound upon fuch rice fo exported, (hall be railed, levied, col-

lected, and recovered, by fuch ways and means, and under fuch rules, regulations, penalties, and forfeitures, as the fubfidy or poundage for any goods or merchandizes exported from Great Britain, may be railed, levied, collected, or recovered, by any aCt of parliament now in force, as folly and effc&uaUy, to all intents and purpofes, as if the feveral claufcs, powers, directions, penalties, and forfeitures, relating themo, werf

particularly

1766.] Anno feptimo Georgii III. c. 48.	5*7

particularly repeated and again enafted into the body of this plfcfent aft.

VIII,	And be it further enafted by the authority aforeiaid, Money to be

That the laid duties granted by this aft upon rice exported, paid into the Audi (the necefiary charges of management excepted) be paid ex^c^cr^| into the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, and be there re-	the dtfpo~

fcrved for the difpofition of parliament.	fition of par.

IX.	And whereas the permitting foreign lace made of Jill or thready liamcAU and foreign needle-work, to be worn or ufed in Great Britain, after

the fame has been feizJd and condemned, gives the unfair dealer in tbofe commodities, opportunity to fecure from feizures great quantities thereof which are clandefiinely imported: Wow to prevent a practice fo very prejudicial to the publick revenue, and the manufacturers of fuen goods in this kingdom; be it therefore enafted by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the feventh day No fordtai or July, one thoufand feven hundred and iixty feven, no foreign lace of fSk lace made of (ilk or thread, or foreign needle-work, which °r 0(1 lhall have been, or lhall be, feized and condemned in Great Britainy for any caufc of forfeiture, lhall be fold or delivered ed and con-out of any cuftom-houfe warehoufe wherein the fame (hall be demned in # fecured, otherwife than on condition to be exported under the Grc?fS?“l# like Securities, regulations,andreftriftions, penalties,andforfei-SdfvcredoJ? lures, as are prescribed by law, for the due exportation of Eajl of the King'* India goods prohibited to be worn or ufed in Great Britain ; warehoufes, my law, cuftom, or ufage to the contrary notwithftanding. bu! **

A. And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. Thattatiaft if any aftion or fuit (hall be commenced againft any perfon or perfons for anv thing done in purfuance of this aft, the defendant or defendants, in any fuch aftion or fuit, may plead the general iflue, and give this aft, and the fpecial matter, in Gcaenl iflue, evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon ; and that the fame was done in purfuance and by the authority of this aft; and if it lhall appear fo to have been done, the jury (hall find for the defendant or defendants; and if the plaintiff (hall be nonfuited, or difeontinue his aftion after the defendant or defendants (hall have appeared; or if judgement (hall be given upon any verdift or demurrer againft the plaintiff; the defendant or defendants (hall recover treble coils, and have the like remedy for the Treble cods* Tame, as any defendant or defendants hath or have in other cafes by law.

CAP. XLVIII.

An all for regulating the proceedings of certain publick companies and corporations carrying on trade or dealings with joint flocks, in refpeSt to the declaring dividends; and for further regulating the qualification of members for voting in their refpeSlive general courts.

WHEREAS by virtue of divers afls of parliament, and {/'Preamble.

royal charters founded thereupon, certain publick companies tf corporations have been infiitutedfor fbe purpofe of carrying on particular

fcl*	Anno	feptlmo	GeorGII III. d. 4?.	[1766.

titular trades or dealings with joint Jlocks ; and the management of I the affairs of fitch companies has been vejled in their general courts, \ compofed of the members at large of fiicb companies refpeflively ; in which general courts every member of each refpeflive company, pcf- • fiffed of fitch Jhare in the flock of the company as in and by the fail . afts of parliament and charters is limited with regard to each of ih faid companies rejpctlively, is qualified and intitled to give a vote or ‘ votes: And whereas of late years a mofl unfair and mifehievous pm-the has been introduced offiplitting large quantities of flock y and mating feparatc and temporary conveyances of the parts thereof, for the purpofe of multiplying or making occafmal votes immediately before the time of declaring a dividend, of chufing directors, or of Jccidai any other important qucjlion; which practice is fubverfive of ever) principle upon which the efiablijhment offuch general courts is founld, and if Juffered to become general, would leave the permanent interejl of Juch companies liable at all times to be facrificed to the partial cud interejled viavs of a few, and thofe perhaps temporary proprietors ’, be it therefore enabled by the King's mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflerabled, Members dif- and by the authority of the fame. That from and after the firft qualified from day of Auguft, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty feveo,

ceneillcourt mem^er °f anY °f fa*d publick companies or corpora-who were not tf°ns* inftituted for the purpofe aforefaid, (hall be deemed qualified of lifted to vote, or be admitted to give any vote or votes, in any iock in the general court of any fuch company, in relpedt of any flock trans-months* * rerred to him, her, or them, after the faid firft day of Augufi, 1 111011 8J one thoufand feven hundred and fixty feven, until he, (he, or i they, (hall have been pofleffed of fuch flock fix calendar months; * except in the unlefs fuch flock (hall have been acquired or fhall have come particular bv bequefl, or by marriage, or by fucceflion to an inteftate’s cafes here eftate, or by the cuftom of the city of London, or by any deed mentioned. Qf fcttiemcnt after the death of any perfon who fhall have been intitled for life to the dividends of fuch flock.

Oaths and af- II. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid. That finnations re- the feveral and refpedlive oaths and affirmations which are at taken b ** Prefent> cither by virtue of any adl of parliament, or by any members vot- charter of any of the faid companies, required to be adminifler-ing,	ed to, or taken by, the members intitled to vote in the gene-

ral courts of the (aid companies refpe<5lively, at or before giving their votes, (hall, from and after the faid firft day of Augufi, to be altered one thoufand feven hundred and fixty feven, be altered in fuch conformable manner, as to extend to, and comprize the further qualificar to the quali- t]on required by this adl, in refpedt of the continuance of the quired^bj^this poflfeffion °f fuch flock as aforefaid; and that the faid oaths aft,	and affirmations, fo altered as aforefaid, fhall, from and after

the faid firft day of Augufi, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty feven, be feverally and refpedlively adminiftered to, and and taken ac- taken by, the members of fuch companies, in the place of thofe cnrdingly. heretofore required to be adminiftered and taken,

III. And

fy66.] Anno feptimo Georgii IIL c. 49.	Ji	f

III.	And forafmuch as no part of the bufmefs tranfaSled by the gSieral courts of the faid companies can be of more importance to the general and Lifting inter eft of the companies themfelves, or to the pre-fervation of publick credit, fo clofely connected with that interefl, than what concerns the fixing, from time to timey of the dividends to ie made out of the profits and produce of their joint flocks among the feveral proprietors having fhares therein : And forafmuch as the pro-viflons hitherto made have not been foundfufficient to prevent many great and dangerous irregularities being praflifed in relation to the making of fudden and unwarrantable alterations in the faid rates of fuch dividends; be it therefore enafted by the authority aforefaid.

That from and after the tenth day of July* one thoufand feven tionofad£ hundred and fixty feven, no declaration of a dividend (hall be vidend to be made by any general court of any of the faid companies, other made, but ae than one of the half yearly or general quarterly courts, at the di- °f ^ (lance of five calendar months at the lead from the lad preceding ^declaration of a dividend ; and that no declaration of more than neralcourtt, one half-yearly dividend (hall be made by one general court; and at 5 month# f hat no queftion upon any propofition for increafing the rate of the	6:01,1

dividend, (hall be decided otherwife than by ballot, to be taken ^inl?£5a-at the diftance of three entire days, at the lead, from the ad-.ration j journment, or breaking up of the general court, in which fuch , -queftion ftiall have been propofed.	m^iiw th«

half year. And no queftion for a propofed increafe of dividend to bt decided, but by ballot taken 3 days after breaking up of the court.

IV.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid,

That this a6l (hall be deemed and taken to be a publick a St; 0f Publick aft which notice (hall be judicially taken by all judges, judices, and other perfons whatfoever, without fpecially pleading the lame.

CAP.XLIX.

jin a51 for regulating certain proceedings of the general courts of the united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies.

WH E R E A S it muft9 at all times, be of the utmojl importance PrtambK to the inter eft and welfare of the united company of merchants */* England trading to the Ead Indies, that the power of declaring dividends upon the flock of the faid company, vefled in their general courts, Jhould be duly exercifed; and that no determination Jhould ever be made or take place in refpe5t of any fuch dividend, without a full andfair opportunity given to the proprietors at large to exercift the right of taking fuch part in every fuch determination as they are intitled to by law : And whereas it is at this time become peculiarly necejfary to fecure9 at all events, as well the permanent interefl of fhe Jaid company, as the flate ofcredit both private and publick, from the mifehiefs which muft enfue from an improper and improvident increafe of the dividends of the faid company; which cannot be effect tually done without the interpofition of parliament: May it therefore pleafe your Majefty that it may be cpa&ed, and be it ena&ed \>y the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and, with the advice

5*0	Anno	feptimo Georgii III. C-50.	[1766.

and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority *of the fame. That no dividend (hall be made by the faid company, for or in refpeft of any time fubfequent to the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and iixty (even, otberwife than in purfuanceofavoteor refolution pai&dby ww of balloting in a general court of the laid company, which (hall have been fummoned for the purpofe of declaring a dividend ; and of the meeting of which general court tor fiich purpofe feven days notice at the lead (hall have been given m writing, fixed upon the Royal Exchange in London* the purpofe, and 7 days notice given of the meeting 3

II.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefeid, Tfctf it (hall not be lawful for any general court of the (aid company, at any time between the eighth day of May* one thou-thoufand feven hundred and (ixty (even, and the beginning of the next feflion of parliament, to declare or refolve upon any increafe of dividend beyond the rate of ten pounds per centum per annum, being the rate at which the dividend for the half year, ending the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven nun-dred and (ixty feven, is made payable.

III.	Andk be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That no ballotting upon any queftion propofed in any general court of the faid company, relative either to the declaration of a dividend, or to any other matter whatfoever, (hall be begun within a lefs fpace of ume than eight hours after the adjournment, or breaking up, of the general court in which it ihaU have been determined thatfuch queftion fhould be decided by ballotting; and that in no cafe the ballotting (hall be begun at a later hour of the day than twelve of the clock at noon, nor clofed at an earlier hour than fix of the clock in the afternoon, doted before 6 P. M.

No dividend to be made tor any time fubfequent to 14, lune, 1767, but in purfu-ance of a vote, See. carried upon a balkx in a general court fummoned for

nor increafe of dividend, beyond 10I. per tent. to be received on, between 8 May, 1767, and the beginning of the next lef-lon of parliament 3

nor balloting upon any queftion to take place, fooner than 8 hoars after breaking up of the court $

and to be begun not later than 12 at noon; nor

CAP. L.

An at1 for amending certain laws relating to the revenue cf the poft office *, and for granting rates of poft age for the conveyance of letters and packets between Great nritaia and the Ifle of Man, and within that ijland.

Preamble.	T X7HEREAS it is of the utmoft importance to the trade and com-

V V mcrce of thefe kingdoms, that all letters, packets, bank notes, bills of exchange, and other things, may be font and conveyed by the pojl, with the greatefl Jafety and fecunty 5 and it having been fmi neccjfary, thatfomefurther regulations and provifions JhouLd be made for that purpofe; may it pleafe your Majefiy that it may be enafled, and be it ena&ed by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the au-Odicers or thority of the fame. That if any deputy, clerk, agent, letter-cafr others e*m- rier, poft-boy, or rider, or any otherofficer or penon whatfoever, ployed in any employed, or to be hereafter employed, in receiving, ftamp-

ing

1

1

I

1766.3 Anno feptimo Georgii HI. c. 50.	521

ing* forting, charging, carrying, conveying, or delivering, let- bufine6 re-tey or packets, or in any other bufinels relating to the poft of- bating to th# See, lhall, from and after the firft day of November, one thou- ct* land feven hundred and fixty feven, fecrete, embezzle, or who (hall fe-deftroy, any letter or letters, packet or packets, bag or mail of££tc’ letters, which he, (he, or they, (hall and may be refpectively LCy0lette^^r, intruded with, or which lhall have come to his, her, or their packet, &c. hands or poffeffion, containing any bank note, bank pod bill, with which bill of exchange, exchequer bill. South Sea or Eaji India bond, ^ be dividend warrant of the bank, South Sea, Eaft India,, or any ^hied other company, fociety, or corporation, navy or victualling or come to their tranfport bill, ordnance debenture, feaman’s tickets, date lot-hands or pot. tery ticket or certificate, bank receipt for payment on any loan, capote of affignment of dock in the funds, letter of attorney banJ^fr^ei* for receiving annuities or dividends, or for felling dock in the note, for pay-funds, or belonging to any company, fociety, or corporation, ment of rao-Jmerican provincial bill of credit, goldfmith’s or banker’s letter neY i of credit or note for or relating to the payment of money, or other bond or warrant, draught, bill, or promidory note what- ^ ^ke therw^ foever* for the payment of money; or (hall deal and takeout>anyfUCh out of any letter or packet that (hall come to his, her, or their, bank or other hands or pofledion, any fuch bank note, bank pod bill, bill of note, &c. exchange, exchequer bill. South Sea, or EaJl India bond, dividend warrant of the bank, South Sea, Eajt India, or any other company, fociety, or corporation, navy or victualling or tranfport bill, ordnance debenture, feaman’s ticket, date lottery ticket or certificate, bank receipt for payment on any loan, note of affignment of dock in the funds, letter of attorney for receiving annuities or dividends, or for felling dock in the funds, or belonging to any company, fociety, or corporation, American provincial bill of credit, goldfmith’s or bankers letter of credit or note for or relating to the payment of money, or other bond or warrant, draught, bill, or promidory note whatfoever, for the payment of money; every fuch offender or offenders, be-b*,nf ing thereof convicted in due form of law, (hall be deemed guil-deJth?witho\it

2r of felony, and (hall fuffer death as a felon without benefit of benefit of ergy.	clergy.

II. And be it further enaCted by the authority aforefaid, Perfons who That from and after the faid fird day of November, one thou- lhall rob the fand feven hundred and fixty feven, if any perfon or perfons whatfoever (hall rob any mail or mails, in which letters arele cr#* fent or conveyed by the pod, of any letter or letters, packet or packet?, bag or mail of letters; or (hall deal and take from or or (hall (teal out of any fuch mail or mails, or from or out of any bag orlctter* from bags of letters, fent or conveyed by the pod, or from or out of bag,"1* °r any pod office, or houfe or place for the receipt or delivery of0r from any'' letters or packets fent or to be fent by the pod, any letter or poll houfe, or letters, packet or packets; although fuch robbery, dealing, oroffice* taking, (hall not appear, or be proved, to be a taking from the perfon, or upon the King’s highway, or to be a robbery committed in any dwelling-houfe, or any coach-houfe, dable, bam,

or

j22	Aimo	feptimo Georgii III. c. 50- f f 766^

or any out-houfe belonging to a dwelling-houfe; and although it (hould not appear that any perfon or perfons were put in l*ar beingconvifh by fuch robbery, dealing, or taking; yet fuch offender or offen-cdf mall futfer (jerSj being thereof convidted as aforefaid, (hall neverthelefs out benefit of rc^Pe(^lve^’ deemed guilty of felony, and (hall fuffer death as clergy. a felon, without benefit of clergy.

Officers, or HI. And be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, others, em- That if any deputy, clerk, agent, letter-carrier, officer, or other ploved in any perfon whatfoever, employed or hereafter to be employed in ing to ttopoft any bufinefs relating to the port office, (hall take and receive in-office, who t0 his, her, or their hands or poffeffion any letter or letters, lhall burn or packet or packets, to be forwarded by the port, and receive any deftroy any fum or fums of money therewith for the portage thereof, (hall, feoTb^poft a^ter	day NcvembiTy one thoufand feven hundred

for which they and fixty feven, burn or otherwife deftroy any letter or letters, have received packet or packets, by him, her, or them, fo taken in or receiv-ed; or if any.fuch deputy, clerk, agent, letter-carrier, officer, ^micethe or ot^er Perfon whatfoever, fo employed, or hereafter to be fo poftageonany employed, (hall advance the rate or rates of portage upon any port letters, letter or letters, packet or packets, fent by the port, and (hall without duly fecrete, and not duly account for, the money by him, her, or themoneg^°r t^em’ received f°r *uch advanced portage; every fuch offender are deemed	or offenders, being thereof convidtcd as aforefaid, thall be deem-

guilty of felo- cd guilty of felony.

BJT-	Iv.	And whereas it hath been found necejfary, for the conveni-

ence and improvement of trade and commerce, and for the more fafe and fpeedy conveyance of letters and packets bctzvei n Great Britain A packet-b^t an^ jfle cf	f0 ejlabli/h a packet-boat between the port of

ed between * Whitehaven in the county of Cumberland, and the port of Douglas Whitehaven in the faid Ifle of Man; be it enadted by the authority aforefaid, and the port That from and after the fifth day of July, one thoufand feven thereof 10 hundred and fixty feven, it (hall and may be lawful to and for hi* Man, far the Majefty’s poftmafter general, and his deputy and deputies by conveyance of him thereunto diffidently authorized, to and for the ufe of his letters. Majeftv, his heirs, and fucceflbrs, to demand, have, receive, and K*tesof port- take, for the port and conveyance of all and every the letters age to be paid and packets that (hall be carried or conveyed by packet-boats tor thereupon, or from the port of Whitehaven aforefaid, or any other convenient port in the kingdom of Great Britain, from or to the port of Douglas aforefaid, or any other convenient port in the faid Ifle of Man, (over and above all other rates payable for fuch letters or packets) according to the rates and fums hereafter mentioned (the fame being rated either by the letter, or by tbe ounce) that is to fay.

The rates.

For every (ingle letter, two pence. For every double letter, four pence. For every treble letter, fix pence. And for every ounce, eight pence.

And fo in proportion for every packet of deeds, writs, and ether things,

V.	And

1766.] Anno feptlmo GeoRGIi III. c. 50;

V.	And be it further enaAed by the authority aforefaid. That Convenient fr%m and after the faid fifth day of July9 one thoufand feven hundred and fixty feven, it (hall and may be lawful to and for

his Majefty’s poft-mafter general to eftablilh poft offices and vithin the

poll roads within the faid IJle of Man, wherever it (hall appear faid iflsmd.*

to him to be neceflary and convenient for the benefit of trade .

and correfpondcnce fo to do ; and that it fhall and may be law- Inland port of

ful for fuch poft-mafter general, and his deputy and deputies by

him thereunto fufficiently authorized, to and for the ufe of his aft^thcaJSb

Majefty, his heirs, and fucceftors, to demand, have, receive, 0f poftage ixr

and take, forthc inland port or conveyance of all letters and pack- Englattt

•cts lent or conveyed by the poft within the faid ifle, fuch rates

of poftage in proportion to the number of miles or ftages fuch

letters and packets are carried or conveyed by the poft, as now

are refpeAively fettled, eftablifhed, and ascertained, to be paid

for the inland port or conveyance of letters and packets within

that part of Great Britain called England.

VI.	And be it further enaAed by the authority aforefaid. That daufes, provis-'from and after the faid fifth day of July, one thoufand feven fions, powers, hundred and fixty feven, all and every the claufes, provifions, pnrilegesjpe-powers, privileges, advantages, difabilities, penalties, and me- n tlcs* *** thods for the recovery of the fame, and all other matters and

things contained in an aA made in the ninth year of the reign of her late Majefty queen Anne> intituled, An aft for eftablijhing ina^Aim*, a general poft office for all ker Majcjlfs dominions, and for fettling a weekly fum out of the revenues thereof for the fcrvice of the wary and other her Majefty's occafionSy (and not repealed or altered by not repealed any fubfequent law;) as alfo in an act made in the fixth year of or altered by the year of his majefty King George the Firft, intituled, An aft any for preventing frauds and abufes in the public revenues of excife, cuf <luent aw * tomSy Jlamp dutieSy poft office, and boufe money, fo far as the faid in • aA relates to the poft office ; as alfo in an aA made in the Ueo*1# twenty fixth year of the reign of his Majefty King George the Second, intituled, An aft for the moreeffeftual preventing the frau- and in aft dulcnt removal of tobacco by land or water, andfor the eaje of the fair Gco *• trader; and for afeertaining the rates payable for the poftage of certain letters; and for amending and explaining the laws relating to the fate offpirituous liquors by retail ; fo far as the faid a A relates lb far as the to the polt office; as alfo in an a A made in the fourth year of fame relate to the reign of his prefent moft gracious Majefty, intituled. An aftthe P°ft for the preventing frauds and abujes in relation to the fending and^J° i*1 receiving letters arid packets free from the duty of pojlage; as Gco* ** alfo in an aA made in the fifth year of his prefent Majefty, intituled, An aft to alter certain rates of pojlage; and to amendy explainy ??d	*

and enlarge, feveral provifions in an aft made in the ninth year of the Oeo* J‘ reign of queen Anne, and in other afts relating to the revenue of the poft office; and alfo in this prefent aA, or in any other aA relat- and this pre-ing to the poft office, fhall extend, and be deemed and conftru- or <*hcr cd to extend, to the faid JJle of Man, and to all his Majefty’s fubjeAs within the faid ille, as fully and effcAually in every office. refpeA, as if the faid ifle. and his Majefty’s fubjeAs (herein, had extended to

been Ift«ot Man,

$24	Anno feptimo GeoRGII III. c. 51.	[1766.	|

been exprcfsly included in the faid feveral ads, or in any of them, j Monies anting	VII. And be it enaded by the authority aforefaid, That I

all the monies arifing by the rates aforefaid, except the monies ' Sams dr-"1 which (hall be necenary to defray fucb expences as (hall be in- I diided* ** curred in the colledion and management of the fame, and all ■ 9	other expences attending the faid office, and the due execution of

to be applied the ads relating thereto, (hall be appropriated and applied to fuch : jStes	an<* ^ame u^es to which die prcfent rates of poftage are ret

age.	^ pedively now by law appropriated and made applicable.	;

limitation of VIII. And be it further enaded by the authority afordaid, adion*. That if any adion or fuit (hall be commenced againft any per-fon or perfons for any thing done in purfuance of this ad, the fame (hall be commenced within fix months after the fad committed, and not afterwards; and the defendant or defendants General Iflue. jn fuch adion or fuit (hall and may plead the General Iff*, and give this ad, and the fpecial matter, in evidence, aodthat the fame was done in purfuance and by the authority of this ad; and if it (hall appear fo to be done, or that fuch adion or fuit (hall be commenced after the time before limited for bringing the fame, that then the juiy (hall find for the defendant or defendants; and upon a verdid for the defendant, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall be nonfuited, or difeontinue his, her, or their adion or fuit after the defendant or defendants (hall have appeared ; or if, upon demurrer, judgement (hall be given againfl the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants Treble cofts. (hall and may recover treble cods, and have the like remedy for the fame as any defendant or defendants hath or have in any other cafes by law.	'i

CAP. LI.

An aft for improving the navigation of the river Lee, from the town of Hertford to the river Thames- and for op-/ ending the faid navigation to the flood-gates belonging to the town mill, in the faid town of Hertford.

Preamble, re- 1X7 HE REAS by an aft paJJ'ed in the twelfth year of the reip citing ad ia W of his late MajeJljy intituled, An ad for afeertaining, pre* Ce°. a. ferving, and improving, the navigation of the river Lee, from the town of Hertford to the town of JVarey in the county of Hertford; and for preferving and improving the faid river from the laid town of lVarey to the new cut or river made by the mayor, commonalty, and citizens of London; and for enacting the governor and company of the New River the better to fup-ply the cities of London and Weflminfter% and the liberties and Suburbs thereof, with good and wholfome water, feveral powers were granted to truftecs therein and thereby appointed, for preferth ing and improving the navigation of the faid river Lee: Ark where as the powers thereby granted have been found to be infufficient to anfwcr the good purpofes thereby intended: And whereas by an aft paffedin the thirteenth year of the reign of Sheen Elizabeth, i«-tituled, An ad for the bringing of the river Lee to the north lido of the city of Loftdouf the zvbole jurifdiftiony eonfirvatian, ruk%

6

ij66.] Anno feptimo Georgii ITT. c. $r,

and government of thefaid new cut or river, mentioned to have been made byyhe mayor, commonalty, and citizens of London, are vejled in thi faid mayor, commonalty, and citizens,	theirfucceJJbrsfor ever: And

whereas a divided jurifdifiion upon one and the fame navigation mujl be productive of great inconveniences: And whereas the navigation of the river Lee Jrom the town of Hertford to the river Thames, in itspre-fent Jlate, is attended with many difficulties and delayr, and liable ta many obfiruftions: And whereas the further improving of the faid navigation of the faid river Lee, and the extending the navigation thereof to the flood gates belonging to the town mill in the faid town of Hertford, will be of great benefit and advantage to the city of London, and to the counties of Hertford, Eflex, and Middlefex, and will be of publiek utility: And whereas by a furvey lately made under the direction of the Jaid truflees, it appears% that the faid navigation is capable of being greatly improved; and that the faid river Lee is capable of being made navigable to the faid flood gates belonging to the town mill in the faid town of Hertford : And whereas the (aid purpofes cannot be effected without the aid of parliament; May it therefore pleafe your Majefty, that it may be enadted ; and be it enadted by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament afiembled, and by the authority of the lame. That the truftees appointed in or by virtue of the faid recited adt of the twelfthyear of the reign of bis late Majefty, together with Sir Anthony Thomas Abdy baronet, Strotherd Abdy clerk, Bartholomew Abell, Jeremiah Acres> Samuel Atkinfon, Thomas Adams, Jofeph Adams, Thomas Adderly, the right honourable	Conway, commonly called lord Beauchamp &

Sir William Baler knight, Thomas Brandy Thomas Brand junior, Jofeph Bird, Thomas Blaclmore, William Bakery George Poyner Biffiy John Botelery Edward Baintuny Michael Harvey Breton9 Charles Boddamy Calvert Bowyery Elias Brownfwordy Booth, William Berners, Nathaniel Braffeyy Charles BemerSy Peregrine Bertie, Samuel Bofanquet, Robert Boothby% Richard Bettyonf Richard Wilbraham Bootley James Barwicky John Bankst John BrevAty James Beavoir, Richard Beavoiry Thomas Boddamy the right honourable James Brydgesy commonly called marquisof Carnarvon$ the right honourable Cecily commonly called lord vifeount Cranbourn\ the right honourable Edward CornwalliSy Sir Richard Chaife knight. Sir John Chapman baronet, Nicholfon Calvert, Richard Coxy John Calverty Timothy Cafwall, Peter Calvert LL.D. Edward Coddringtony Benjamin Cherryy Thomas Creajy9 Richard, Chifwelly William Clarke, Cadwallader Coker, Robert Childy William Curriey George Richard Cartery Pryfe Campbell, Nathaniel Cbolmleyy Grey Coopery Peregrine Cufty George Cookty Charles l>inglcyy Henry Dunfler9 Jofeph Dimfdale, John Dixony Thomas Docwra, Philip Delahaze, John Darker, Samuel Dixony Thomas Dewy John Dclly Jarhcs Eyre, Ralph Freeman D. D. Rofe Fuller, Henry Fuller, Richard Fuller, Thomas Fanjhaw, William Forriflery the right honourable lord Adam Gordon, Sir John Griffin Griffin ; Vot. XXVII.	Mm	baronet.

$2 6

Anno feptimo GeoRgii III. c. 51.	[1766.

baronet. Sir Alexander Grant baronet, Charles Gardiner, Richard Guljlon, Edward Gardiner, James Gordon, John Gripper, Mi-Ham Griper, Jofeph Gridley, Bradjkaw Galliard, Pierce Galliard, Daniel Goatley, John Gawler, Sherman Godfrey, Edward Groves, Thomas Glinejler, James Grenville junior, Jofeph Gafcoyne, Bam-herGafcoyne junior, Amie Garnault, Charles Gore, James Graham, Jacob Houblon, Jacob Houblcn junior, IVilliam Hall, Richard Hall,	Hume, Humphry Hall, Eliab Harvey,

Hinde, Robert Hinde of Prejlon, John Howell, John Harding, Daniel Haydon,	Hutchinjon, John Henmker,

Heath,	Heath, John Hankin, George Hankin, Richard

Hare, John Hyde, Francis Herne, John Hujke, Richard Huffed, Jeremiah Rayment Hadfley, IVilliam Harris, Sir Conyers Joulja baronet, Robert Jacomb, Ifrael Jallabert, George Jennings, Jobs

?'innings,	Jackfon, Richard lies, Robert Jones ox Old

'ord, Richard Jackfon, Robert Jones,	Reck,	IVilliam

Coomber Kirby, the right honourable lord vifeount Lijbum in the kingdom of Ireland, Sir Matthrw Lamb baronet, Penifln Lamb, John Luther, John Leachman of Hoidefdon, John Lefevrt, Peter Ltfevre, Ifaac Lefevre, George Lake, Edward Lewis, J:ba Lockwood, John Leapidge, John Rogers Laivton, TVilliam Lake, ! the honourable George Alonfon, Sir William Maynard baronet, : Majlcrman, Jofeph Martyn, Thomas Morgan, Charles Morgen, \ Charles Mahew, 'Thomas Marlborough, Peter Mailman, Richard ' Mutlman, John Mallet, Rickard Mills, Jofeph Mellijb, Chrijltyher Molineux, Crifp Molineux, Adolphus Aieetbcrkc, Charles M.ynard, .« tire right honourable Frederick North, commonly called lord I North-, Abraham North, Richard Nicbolus, James Noel, ArnoldNef bis. Sir William Owen baronet, George Onflow, George Orgar, Abro- | ham Ogle, Robert Henley Ongley,	O’iver, Sir IVilliam Beauchaaf

Proffer baronet, George Prefcctt, Newiigate Poyntz, David Poole, George Prsfcott junior, Michael Pepper, Board Packer, Georp Profior, George Phelps, John Paterfon, John Phillips, Robert Pell, Jens Pederfon, Matthew Rapcr, John Roper, John Red* cliffe, John Runnington, Samuel Rogers, IVilliam Rackjlrow, Jsb* Roberts, JoJhua Rtynolds, Hcnccge Rcbinfon, Ifaac Martin Rebow, i Jeremiah Rayment, John Rigg, Sir John Saunders Sebright baronet, < Sir Thomas Salisbury knight, Richard Stanley, John Shaw, Job Sabine, Jofeph Sabine, Frauds Stanley clerk, Laurence SuUivao, Samuel Scott of Hrtford, John Smart, Seymour Stocker, RickH Smith, IVilliam Squire, Henry Stout, Samuel Scott of ArnwtH, John Scott of the fame, George Scaly, Charles Smith of Stratford, IVilliam Sotheby, Henry Seymour, William Squire, the reverend F, Stanley junior, Jofeph SiiHtb, Henry Sparling, John Sawbriigt,

Scudamore, Hettry Soutboufe, Thomas Sect, Samuel Sat, j Charles Steide, Charles Smith, James Spragg, Robert Salmon, Lit- I ter Silmon, John Shelley, Henry SUffncr, John Stcpbenfon, Jm •! Strutt, John Shakefpear, Daniel Stacy, Cbriflopher Scott, William Soutboufe, IVilliam Sitwell, Richard Solway, the right honourable the earl of Thomond in the kingdom of Ireland, the right honourable the earl of Ttlney in the kingdom of Jreknd, the

right j

ij66,] Anno feptimo Georgii III. C. 51.	537

right honourable Charles Townjhend\ "James Turvin, James Town tndy Francis Tyjfen^ Thomas Thoroton, John Tucker, George For-Jler Tuffnell, Thomas Tejhmakery John Usborne, Benjamin Vaughan,

George Wright y Samuel TVhite, Samuel Wake, William Walley

M.	D. Lewis Wefton, Benjamin Wellington, Peter IValley,

Whittington, Bouchier Walton, Edward Woodcock, Arthur Warren,

JoJbua Winter,	Winter,	Weyland, Edward Woodcock

clerk, Charles Whitworth, Jofeph Wilcocks, Thomas Winfpear, the honourable Charles York, Thomas Yate> M.D. the lord mayor, court of aldermen, and recorder of the city of London for the time being, the comptroller of the works and revenues of £0#-Bridge for the time being, the mayor and recorder of the borough of Hertford for the time being, the governor deputy governor, and trcafurer, of the new river company for the time being, (hall be, and they are hereby appointed truftees for the making, extending, improving, and maintaining the navigation of the faid river from the flood gates belonging to the town mill in the town of Hertford to the river Thames, and and for putting this a<5l in execution; and that the faid truf- Their power# tees, or any five or more of them, fhall be, and they are hereby authorized and impowered, from time to time, at their dif- , cretion, to cleanfe, fcour, deepen, enlarge, or ftraighten the channel orcourfe of the faid river Lee; and alfo to fet out, open, make, arid maintain, all or any of the new cuts or canals, herein after fpecified and deferibed to communicate with the faid river Lee, and to be ufed for the faid navigation ; and alfo to remove all obftruflions and impediments whatfoever to the faid navigation; and alfo to build, ere&, fet up, and make over or in the laid channel or courfe of the faid river, and the new cuts, and canals aforefaid, and upon the lands and grounds adjoining or near to the fame, fuch and fo many bridges, locks,

(launches, flood gates, pens of water, weirs, flanks, weigh-bcams, cranes, or other engines of the like kind, as they (hall think neceflary or convenient for the faid navigation, and from time to time to alter and repair the fame; and alfo to fet out and make towing-paths, or haling-ways upon any of the lands or grounds aforefaid, for towing, or drawing with men, or horfes, or other cattle, boats, or other veffels ufing the faid navigation; and alfo to dig, take, and carry away, clay, gravel, done, or other materials, proper for carrying on the faid works, and to be ufed and expended only in the faid works, in and from any of the lands and grounds aforefaid (excepting only gardens, orchards, yards, parks, paddocks, inclofed lawns, and avenues to houfes planted with trees;) and to carry and convey timber and all other materials for the faid works upon, through, and over, the land* or grounds of any perfons whatsoever,, to the refpe<ftive places wiiete the faid works refpe&ively are intended to be made, and to place, lay, and manufacture, the (aid materials on the lands or grounds adjoining or near to fuch refpe<ftive places ; and generally to do and perform all a&s, matters, and things, which the faid truftees, or any five or

Mm 2	more



Satitfi&ion for damages.

Cuts to be made.

Anno feptimo Georgii III. C. gt. £*766.

more of them, (hall think neceflary for the making, extending, improving, and maintaining, the laid navigation of the £m river Lee, from the flood gates belonging to the town mill in the town of Hertford, to tne river Thames, and to enable them i to execute the power* hereby vefted in them.

II.	Provided always. That a full and adequate {atisfa&km and compenfation be made in manner herein after mentioned to all perfons for the damages they may fuftain from the carrying this adt into execution as aforefaid.

III.	And be it further entiled, That the faid truftees, or any five or more of them, (hall be, and they are hereby impowered, to fetout, open, make, and maintain, one new cut or canal, to be ufed for the (aid navigation, leading from the faid river Lee, at or near a place called The Folly, into and down part of Dicker Mill Stream, and to be carried out of the faid dream above Dicker Mill, into the channel of the faid river, now ufed for navigation, at any place they (hall think mod convenient for the faid navigation, between Confiant's Weir and Manifold Ditch; one other new cut or canal, to be ufed for the faid navigation, leading from the tail of the ciflern or lock above Ware MM, into tne aforefaid channel on the fouth fide thereof, at any place above Water Lane near the Priory Orchard ; one other new cut or canal to be ufed for the faid navigation, leading from the aforefaid channel, at any place above Ware Weir, and below Ware Bridge, into the fame channel on the (buth weft fide thereof at any place above Stanfled Bridge; one other new cut or canal to be ufed for the faid navigation, leading from the aforefaid channel below Stanfled Bridge into the (ame channel above the tail dream of Stanfled Mill; one other new cut or canal, to be ufed for the faid navigation, leading from the aforefaid channel above Field's, otherwife Rye Bridge Weir, into the fame channel on the north wed fide thereof at any place between Archers Weir and Field's Weir; one other new cat or canal, to be ufed for the faid navigation, leading from the aforefaid channel above DobPs Weir, otherwife the New Turnpike, into the fame channel on the ead fide thereof below the dream leading into the head of Broxboum Mill; one other new cut or canal, to be ufed for the faid navigation, leading from the ’ aforefaid channel above Carthagena Turnpike, into the (ame channel a little below the (ame$ one other new cut or canal, to be ufed for the faid navigation, leading from the aforefaid channel above King's Weir, over Cbfjbunt Mill Stream, into the fame channel at or near the wed tail dream of the powder mills near Waltham Abbey; one other new cut or canal, to be ufed for the faid navigation, leading from the faid river Let ' above Sotheby's Upper Weir, otherwife called Newmans Weir, j on the wed fide thereof, and to run to, and communicate with, i Enfield Mill Stream, at any didance not more than one hundred 1 yards to the fouthward of and below the. lock called EnfieU Lock, ere&ed at the head of the (aid mill dream and from thence to run through Enfield Mill Stream (which the faid tru-

flees

5*9

ty66.]	Anno feptimo Georgii III. c. 51.

‘dees may enlarge for that purpofe) to any didance not nearer flian three hundred and forty yards to the northward of and a-bove Enfield Corn Mill, and from thence to make another cut or canal, to be ufed for the faid navigation, to the eadward of the faid mill dream, to run into, and communicate again with, the fame at any didance not nearer than two hundred and four yards below Enfield MilU and from thence to run through fo much of the faid mill tail dream as the (aid trudees, or any five or more of them, (hall think proper ; and from thence to make another cut or canal through part of Enfield and Edmonton Marfbes, a-crofs the ditch that parts Edmonton and Tottenham Marfbes, and through part of Tottenham Marjh, into and through the tail dream of Tottenham MilU into the fame channel; one other new cut or canal, to be ufed for the faid navigation, leading from the faid channel below Flander's Wharf, through feveral crooks, into the fame channel, above the tail dream of Waltkamfiow Mill\ one other new cut or canal, to be ufed for the faid navigation, leading from the aforefaid channel between Lee Bridge :nd the buildings belonging to Hackney Water-works, but not nearer than ten yards from the faid buildings, through part of Hackney Marjh, into the fame channel between Pudding Mill Stream and Hackney Brook, on the ead fide of Jones's callico grounds at Old Ford \ and one other new cut or canal, to be ufed for the faid navigation, leading from the aforefaid channel, at any place between Bromley Lock and Bromley Hall, through the pa-ri(h of Bromley Saint Leonards, the hamlet of Blackwall and Poplar, in the parifh of Saint Dunfian Stepney, otherwife Stebon-heath, and the parifh of Saint Anne Limehoufe, in the county of Middlefex, to be carried on the north of Limehoufe church, into the river Thames at or near Limehoufe Bridge Dock.

IV.	And be it further enacted. That the faid trudees, or any Truftee* im-five or more of them, (hall have full power and authorityto

employ or contract with any perfon or perfons for the executing ^ccuting°r of all or any of the faid works; fuch contracts to be for fuch works, time or times, and under fuch conditions, as the faid trudees, or any five or more of them, (hall think proper; and fuch perfon or perfons employed or contra&ed with as aforefaid, his or their agents, workmen, fervants, and labourers, are hereby authorized and impowered to execute all and every the powers hereby intended to be veded in the faid trudees.

V.	And be it further ena&ed, That the faid trudees, orTrufteesim-any feven or more of them, (hall be, and they are hereby, im- powered to powered to treat, contract, and agree, with the owners or pro- ^ prietors of, and perfons intereded in, any mediiages, weirs, * turnpikes, locks, cidems, tenements, or hereditaments, other

than mills, which they the faid trudees, or any feven or more of them, (hall adjudge neceflary, convenient, or proper, to become feized or pofleffed of, to be pulled down, dedroyed, cut, digged, altered, removed, or otherwife made ufe of, for the purpofes of this ad, for the purchafe thereof, at fuch price or prices, either by way of fum or fums of money in grofs, or an-

M m 3	nutf

53°

and indemnified therein.

Anno feptimo Georgii III. c. gtl [1766i

nual rent or rents, as to the faid truttees, or any feven or moreo^ them, (hall Teem reafonable; and alfo to treat, contract, and agreef for the rccorr.penceand fatisfadion to he made to the owners or proprietors, and perfons interefted in any mefliiages, mills, weirs, turnpikes, locks, citterns, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, or any other Species of property, for the damage they may fuf-tain by the execution of any of the powers of this ad : and it (hall be lawful for all bodies, politick, corporate, and collegiate, husbands, guardians, truttees, committees, executors, or admi-niftrators, for or in behalf of their ceftuique trails, whether infants or ifiue unborn, lunaticks, ideots, or femes covert, and to and for every other perfon or perfons whomfoever, who are or (hall be feifed, or pofleffed of, or interefted in, any fuch met fuages, weirs, turnpikes, locks, citterns, lands, tenement*/ or hereditaments, to contrad for, and fell, and convey, the lame unto the faid truttees, or any feven or more^of them, or to fuch perfon or perfons as they or any feven or more of them, (hall nominate and appoint, for fuch lum or fums of money in grofs, or annual rent or rents, as (hall be agreed upon, or to agree with the faid truttees, or any feven or more of them, for any recom-pence to be made for the damage which may be done to any fuch mefliiages, mills, weirs, turnpikes, locks, citterns, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or to any other property, by the execution of any of the powers of this ad; and that all fuen contracts, agreements, bargains, fales, and conveyances, (hall, without any fine or fines, recovery or recoveries, be good and valid in the law, to all intents and purpofes, not only to convey all the eftate, right, title, and intereft, of the perfon and perfons conveying, but alfo to convey all the eftate, right, title, intereft, u(e, property, claim, and demand whatsoever, of their feveral and refpedive ceftuique trufts, whether infants or iffue unborn, lunaticks, ideots, femes covert, or other perfon or perfons whomfoever, and all claiming, or to claim, by, from, or under them, or any of them; any law, ftatuie, ufage, or any other matter or thing, to the contrary thereof in any wife not-withftanding : And that all perfons fo contracting, agreeing, and conveying, as aforefaid, are and (hall be indemnified for what they (hall do by virtue and in purfuance of this ad: and the faid truttees, or any feven or more of them, may alfo adjuft what proportion of the fum fo agreed to be paid for fuch pur-phafe or damage (hall be allowed to the tenant or tenants of the faid premifles; and all fuch contrads, agreements, fales, and conveyances, fo to be made as aforefaid, (hall be inrolled by the clerk of the peace for the county wherein fuch mefluages, weirs, turnpikes, locks, citterns, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or other property, (hall be refpedively fituate or being, within fix months after the execution thereof; and true copies of the fame, without (lamps, ligned by the clerk of the peace for the time being, (hall be deemed and taken to be good evidence thereof in all courts whatfoever.

YJ.A*

1766.} Anno feptimo Georgii III. C. 51.	531

VI.	And be it further ena&ed, That where, by the making Where land* the faid cuts or canals, or-any of them, the property of any ^P^ated into land owners (hall be feparated into fmall parcels, it mall and Swertofell* may be lawful to and for any fuch bodies politick, corporate, or exchange, and collegiate, and any other fuch land owners, by and with

the confent of the faid truftees, or any feven or more of them, to be teftified by any writing or writings to be by them fealed and delivered in the prefence of two or more credible witneftes; to contract for, fell, and difpofe of, or to convey in exchange in lieu of other lands or hereditaments, all or any part of fuch lands or grounds through which the faid intended cuts or canals, or any of them, or any part of them, or any of them, (hall be made, to any perfon or perfons whomfoever, for fuch price or prices in money or other equivalent, as to the faid truftees, or any feven or more of them (hall feem reafonable ; and all fuch contra&s, fales, exchanges, conveyances, and aflurances, (hall be valid and effe&ual in law to all intents and purpofes j any law, ftatute, ufage, or cuftom, to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithftanding: And all bodies politick, corporate, or collegiate, and all other perfons whofoever fo conveying or ex<« changing as aforefaid, are hereby indemnified for what he, (he, they, or any of them, (hall refpe&ively do by virtue and in purfuance of this a&.

VII.	And be it further ena&ed, That if any fuch bodies po- Perfons neg-litick, corporate, or collegiate, or any perfon or perfons who- le&ingtotreat foever (hall, for the fpace of twenty one days next after notice for .the fale of in writing given to the principal officer or officers of fuch bodies

politick, corporate or collegiate, or to fuch perfon or perfons a 1 refpe&ively, or left at the place or places of his, her, or their abode, or with the tenant or tenants in pofleffion of the faid mefluages, weirs, turnpikes, locks, cifterns, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, which it will be neceflary for the faid truftees to become feifed or poflefled of, or to caufe to be cut, deftroyed, digged, altered, removed, or ufed as aforefaid, negled or refufe to treat, or (hall not agree with the faid truftees, or any feven or more of them, or by reafon of abfence (hall be prevented from treating, or through difability by nonage, coverture, or other impediment, cannot treat for themfelves, or (hall not produce and evince a clear title to the premifles they are in poftef-fion of, or to the intereft they claim; then, and in every fuch jury to be cafe, the faid truftees, or any feven or more of them, (hall and fummoued, may, and they are hereby authorized and impowered, from time to time, to iuue out their warrant or warrants under their hands and feals, to be directed to the (heriff of the county wherein fuch meffuages, weirs, turnpikes, locks, cifterns, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, (hall be refpe&ively fituate or being; or in cafe fuch (heriff (hall happen to be intcrcfted in the matter in queftion, or any ways related to any of the parties interefted or concerned therein, then to one of the coroners of the faid re-fpe&ive counties, commanding fuch (heriff or coroner refpec-ttvdy to impaael* fummon, and return, a jury, to appear be-

M m 4	fora

who (ball af-certain the films to be paid f or pur* fhalcs and damages.

Anno feptimo Georgii III. c. gu [1766.

fore the faid truftees, or any feven or more of them, at a tinp and place to be fpecified in fuch warrant; and the faid (heriffor coroner refpe&ively, to whom the faid warrant or warrants {hall be directed, is hereby required accordingly to impanel, fummon, and return, a jury of twenty four able and fufficient men, qua-litied according to the laws and ftatutes of this realm to be returned for trials of ifTues joined in his Majefty’s courts at IVtJl-minjiery to appear before the faid truftees, or any feven or more of them, at fuch time and place as by fuch warrant or warrants {hall be directed and appointed, not being lefs than ten days after fuch warrant fhall be ferved upon the faid (hcrifF or coroner refpe&ively, or more than twenty one days after fuch fenricc, upon pain to forfeit for every default, in not making fuch return, twenty pounds, to be fued for and recovered in the manner herein after directed; and alfo to return in iflues upon every perfoo fo impanelled and returned, not appearing, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this alt, the fum of forty (hillings, which (hall be levied upon the goods and chatties of the perfon not appearing as aforefaid, by warrant or warrants under the hands and feals of the faid truftees, or any feven or more of them; and in cafe a fufficient number of jurymen (hall not appear, the (aid (heriff or coroner (hall return other honeft and indifferent men of the ftanders-by, or that can be fpeedily procured to attend that fervice, being fo qualified as aforefaid, to make up thefeid

n to the number of twelve; and all parties concerned (hall may have their lawful challenges againft any of the faid ja-rymen: and the faid truftees, or any (even or more of them, •re hereby impowered and required, by warrant or warrants under their Hands and feals, from time to time, as occafion (hall require, to fummon and call before them all and every fuch per-ibn and perfons as (hall be thought proper or neceflary to be examined as witneflcs by the faid truftees, or any feven or more tof them, or any of the parties interefted, touching the matters in queftion; and the faid truftees, or any feven or more of them, (hall and may, in cafe they think the lame proper, or (hall be required fo to do by any perfon or perfons interefted, order and authorize the faid jury, or any fix or more of them, to view the place or places, or matters, in queftion; which jury, upon their oath, to be adminiftered by the faid truftees, or any two or more of them (which oath, as alfo the oaths to fuch perfon or perfons as (hall be called upon to give evidence, the faid truftees, or any two or more of them, are hereby impowered to adminifter) (hall inquire of, aflefs, and afeertain, what fum or fums of money (hall be paid, either by an annual rent or payment, or by a lum in grofs, for thepurchafeof any fuch meffiiages, weirs, turnpikes, locks, cifterns, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, and the recompence to be made for damages to the owners or occupiers of, and perfons interefted in any mefluages, mills, weirs, turnpikes, locks, cifterns, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or any part thereof, or any other property, that (hall t>r may be fuflaiped as aforefaid; aqd (hall (except in fuch cafes

vttm

1766.] Anno feptimo Georgii III. c. §u	533

^jherc the monies to be for fuch purchafes are to be laid out and irreeftcd in the purchafe of other lands, tenements, and heredi^ taments, as hereinafter directed) fettle and afcertain in what proportion the fum or fums, rent or recompence, fo affefled,

(hall be paid or made to the feveral perfons refpe&ively interefted in the premifles: and the faid truftees, or any feven or more of them, (hall give judgement for fuch fum or fums, rent, damages, and recompence, fo to be affefled by fuch jury; which Verdi& of the faid verdidt, and the faid judgement thereupon declared or pro- jury to be ft- * nounced by the faid truftees, or any feven or more of them, and the value, damages, and recompence, fo affefled, (hall be binding and conclufive, to all intents and purpofes, againft all and every party or parties, their heirs, fucceffors, executors, admi-niftrators, afligns, and all others claiming any eftate, right, tL» tie, or intereft, in the fame meffuages, mills, weirs, turnpikes, locks, ciftems, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or any thing thereunto belonging or appertaining, in poffeflion, reverfion, remainder, or expe&ancy, or otherwise, as well bodies politick, corporate, and collegiate, infants, ideots, lunaticks, femes co-verr, tenants in tail, or others, and their refpedtive heirs, fucceffors, executors, and adminiftrators, and all claiming by, from, or under him, her, or them, or any of them.

VIII.	Provided always, That notice of the time and place of Provilb. making fuch inquiry and affeffment, by a jury as aforefaid, (hall

be given to or left at the ufual or the laft places of abode of the parties interefted, or the tenants or occupiers of the premifles refpedtively, at lead ten days before fuch inquiry or affeffment.

IX.	And be it further enadted, That if any perfon or perfons Penalty on fummoned as aforefaid to give evidence, (hall negledt or refufe witneflesre-to appear at fuch time or times, place or places, as (hall be ap-pointed in the warrant or warrants granted by the faid truftees,

or any feven or more of them, for that purpofe; or appearing,

(hall refufe to be (worn or examined by, or give evidence before, the faid truftees; or if any perfon, fummoned as a juryman as aforefaid, (hall, after his appearance, refufe to be fworn, or, being fo fworn, refufe to give, or not give, his verdidt, or in any other manner wilfully neglect his duty in the premiffes, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this adt; every perfon fo offending, having no reafonable excufe, to be allowed by the faid truftees, or any feven or more of them, (hall, for every fuch. offence, forfeit and pay any lum not exceeding the fum of ten pounds, to be levied by warrant or warrants under the hands and feals of the faid truftees, or any feven or more of them, by di-ftrefs and fale of the offender’s goods and chatties; returning the overplus to the owners thereof, after fuch penalty, and the charges of fuch diftrefs and fale, (hall be deduced.

X.	And be it further enadted, That the faid verdidts and Verdi&s to be judgements (hall be fet down in writing, without any (lamps 'by the thereupon, under the hands and feals of the truftees adting in °*

the premiffes, or any three or more of them, and (hall be deli-▼tred to thp clerk of the peace fpr the refpedtive county wherein ,	fuch*

Uponpayment or tender of money,

534	Anno	fcptimo GeoRGii III. c. 51;	[1766-

fuch vcrdi&s (hall be refpcllively given, and be kept amongft the records and writings of the quarter feflions of the peace tdf the time being of the faid county; and the fame or true copies thereof, without (lamps, (hall be taken, adjudged, and deemed good and fufiicient evidence and proof in any court of law or e* quity whatfoever; and all perfons may have recourfe to the fame at all convenient times, paying for every fuch infpeltion one (hilling; and may take copies thereof without (lamps, paying for every copy not exceeding one hundred words, the fum of fix pence, and fo proportionably for any number of words.

XI.	And be it further enacted. That upon payment of the fum or fums, or annual rent or rents, fo agreed or contracted for, or aflefled and adjudged for damages as aforefaid to the parties concerned, or for the purchafe of any fuch mefiuages, weirs, turnpikes, locks, cifterns, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or legal tender thereof made to them refpe&ively. (which fum or fums of money, or annual rent or rents, the faid tru(lees,orany five or more of them, are hereby authorized to pay out of the monies to be railed by virtue of this all;) or in cale any fuch parties cannot be met with, or (hall refufe to accept the fame, then, upon payment of fuch fum or fums, or annual rent or rents, into the hands of fuch perfon or perfons as the faid truf-tees, or any five or more of them, (hall, under their hands in writing, appoint, for the ufe of the parties interefted as aforefaid, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the (aid truftees, or

ent*andpro- any gvc or morc thCITlj or their agents, workmen, and fer-works of the vants* to enter, pull down, deflroy, cut, dig, alter, remove, or otherwife ufe fuch or fo much of the faid mefiuages, weirs, turnpikes, locks, cifterns, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, for which fuch value, damages, or recompence, (hall have been con-trailed for, agreed on, aflefled, or adjudged, as aforefaid, and thereon to make, ercll, and do any works, matters, or things, for the improving the faid navigation, and for the fupporting and maintaining the fame, or for executing any of the powers of this all, as the faid trullees, or any five or more of them, (hall think requifite; and this all (hall be fufiicient to indemnify as well the laid trullees, as all perfons employed or authorized by them, againft the faid owners, occupiers; or other perfons interefted, their fucceflbrs, executors, adminiftrators, and afligns, and againft all and every other perfon. and perfons, to all intents and purpofes whatfoever.

XII.	And be it further enaded. That all fums of money which are to be paid to any bodies politick, corporate, or collegiate, hu(bands, guardians, truftees, committees, executors, or adminiftrators, for or on behalf of any ceftuique trufts, whether infants or iflue unborn, lunaticks, ideots, or femes-covert, or to any perfon or perfons whofe eftate or eftates is or are limited in (trill fettlement, for the purchafe or exchange of any mefiiiages, weirs, turnpikes, locks, cifterns, lands, tenements, or hereditaments aforefaid, (hall, in cafe the fame exceed the fum of fifty pounds, l?y fuch bodies politick, corporate, or collegiate, hut

bands.

truftees may

navigation.

Purchafe'mo-aies to belaid out to the fame ufes.

1766-] Anno feptimo Georgii III. c. 51?	g^g.

bands, guardians, trudees, committees, executors, or adminif-trators, or other perfon or perfons feifed of fuch mefluages, weirs, turnpikes, locks, ciderns, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, fo limited in drift fettlement, be laid out as foon as conveniently may be in the purchafe of lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in fee-fimple; fuch lands, tenements, or heredita-4 meats, fo to be purchafed, to be conveyed to or to the ufe of fuch bodies politick, corporate, or collegiate, hulbands, guardians, trudees, committees, executors, or adminidrators, or to and for fuch other perfon or perfons, and for fuch edates, and to, for, upon, and fubjeft to fuch ufes, truds, limitations, remainders, and contingencies, as the mefluages, weirs, turnpikes, locks, ciderns, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, for or in re-fpeft whereof fuch purchafe-monies, or monies received in exchange, (hall be paid as aforefaid, were limited, fettled, and af-. fared, at the time fuch purchafe-monies, or monies received in exchange, were fo agreed for, afeertained, or aflefled refpeftively as aforefaid, or fo many of fuch ufes as ihall be then exiding and capable of taking effeft; and in the mean time, and until fiich purchafe and purchafes (hall be made, the faid monies Ihall be placed out by fuch bodies politick, corporate, or collegiate, hufbands, guardians, trudees, committees, executors, or adminidrators, or other perfon or perfons, in fome of the pub-lick funds, in the names of two or more perfons, the one to he nominated by the party or parties intereded therein, and the other by the faid trudees, or any five or more of them $ and the intered arifing or to be produced from fuch funds (hall be paid to fuch perfon or perfons refpeftively as would, for the time be-* ing, be intitled to the rents and profits of fuch lands, tenements, and hereditaments, fo to be purchafed, in cafe the fame were purchafed and fettled purfuant to the tenor and true meaning of this aft,

XIII.	Provided always, and be it further enafted. That it Truftees may (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid trudees, or any five enter and take or more of them, or fuch perfon or perfons as they, or any fivea/l?rrcy|IPott or more of them, (hall appoint, without any previous paymentglvulgnoDC** or tender of recompence, to enter upon and take a furvey and

level of, and to mark out any lands, tenements, or hereditaments which they the faid trudees, or any five or more of them,

(hall think neceflary to be ufed for any of the purpofes of this aft, doing thereby as little damage as may be, and giving two days notice at the lead of fuch entry to the refpeftive owners or occupiers of fuch lands, tenements, or hereditaments, and making fatisfaftion as foon as may be for all damages which (hall be thereby occafioned, in cafe fuch damages (hall exceed the fum of pne (hilling.

XIV.	And be it further enafted. That if any perfon or per- Future da-(bns, bodies politick, corporate, or collegiate, or others, at any mageshowtq time after the faid trudees, or any perfon or perfons employed **af^rtabicd, or authorized by them, (hall have begun to carry this aft into execution, for the improving or extending the faid navigation,

er

S36

Complainant to have an option, Stc.

Anno feptimo Georgii III. C. 51.	[1766.	j

or after they (hall have compleated the fame, (hall happenjo I fuftain any damages or injury, in his, her, or their raeffuages, ' mills, weirs, locks, citterns, turnpikes, lands, grounds, tene- 1 ments, hereditaments, bridges, fences, or otherwife, by any ad, ' negled, or default of the faid truftees, or of their agents, work- ] men, or fervants, or by reafbn of any alteration which (hall be I made by them, or any or either of them, on the faid river, or on the faid cuts or cana’s, or works to be made by virtue of this ad, for which they (hall have no recompence or (atisfadion, or for which no recompence or fatisfa&ion is hereby otherwife provided ; then, and in every fuch cafe, a demand of fatisfa&oa for fuch damages (hall be left in writing with the clerk of the laid truftees, or at his ufual place of abode; and that it (hall be lawful for the faid truftees, or any feven or more of them, and they are hereby required within the fpace of ten days after the next meeting of the truftees, fuch demand or fatisfadion made as afbrefaid, to offer to fuch perfon or perfons, bodies politick, corporate, or collegiate, by writing figned by their faid clerk, fuch fum or fums of money or other recompence as they (hall think an adequate compenfation for fuch damages as aforefaid: and in cafe fuch perfon or perfons (hall be diffatisfied with fuch fam or fums of money, or other recompence fo offered, or in Cafe no fuch offer (hall be made within fuch time as aforefaid, then if the perfon or perfons fuftaining fuch damages, (hall, by notice in writing under his or their hand or hands, to be delivered to the clerk of the faid truftees, or left at his ufual place Of abode, require the fame, the faid truftees, or any feven or more of them, lhall, and they are hereby required, within the ; fpace of thirty days next after the meeting of the faid truftees after fuch notice fo delivered as aforefaid, to enquire of and at certain fuch damages by a jury to be impanelled, returned, and fwom, in manner herein before mentioned, and give judgement for the party or parties aggrieved, and record the fame accord- ' ingly in the fame manner and form as the damages and recom-pences are herein before appointed to be afleflea and adjudged for any meftuages, mills, weirs, turnpikes, locks, ciftems, lands, tenements, hereditaments, or other property, which lhall in any ways be made ufe of, cur, deftroyed, or damnified, in improving or extending the faid navigation as aforefaid.

XV.	Provided always. That any perfon or perfons fuftaining fuch damage as aforefaid, (hall have an option to have the fame enquired of and afeertained by a jury in a manner aforefaid, or to appeal, in cafe fuch offer as aforefaid (hall be made, and he or they (hall not think fit to accept the fum or fums of money, or other recompence fo offered; or, in cafe no fuch offer (hall be made, to complain to the juftices of the peace for the county or place where the caufe of complaint (hall arife, at their general or quarter feflions next after fuch offer (hall have been made; or, in cafe of no fuch offer being made, at their general or quarter feflions next after the expiration of the time within which fuch offer ought to have been made; the perfon

or

537

1766.] Anno feptimo Georgii III. c. 51.

*r perfons fo appealing giving fecurity, to the fatisfadion of rome juftice of the peace of fuch county or place, to profecute fuch appeal v/ith effect, and to pay the cods which (hall be ascertained by the faid general or quarter feflions, in cafe fuch re-compence or fatisfadion fo offered (hall be thought fufficient by the faid juftices; and the judices in the faid general or quarter feflions, are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine fuch appeal or complaint, and to make order therein, and to award fuch cods as to them (hall appear jud; which order (hall be tinal and concluuve to all parties, and (hall not be re* moved or removeable by any writ of Certiorari, orothcrwife,into any of his Majedy’s courts of record at Wejtminjler, or elfewhere.

XVI.	Provided alfo. That no perfon or perfons whofoever {hall be intitled to fatisfa&ion for any fuch damages as afore- Application faid, unlefs application in refpelt thereof (hall be made to the to be made 14 faid trudees, or their clerk, within the fpace of fix calendar6 “oaths, months after fuch damages (hall have been fudained.

XVII.	Provided alfo, That in cafe the faid trudees, or any

feven or more of them, (hall not (being thereunto required) In default of fatisfy and pay the fum or recompence for fuch damage or injury (ariifa&ion, to be offered as aforefaid, or which (hall be fo affefled and fet-tied as aforefaid, within thirty days after fuch requed made; itf^vctw {hall and may be lawful for tne perfon or perfons aggrieved to tolls* appoint one or more perfon or perfons to receive the rates and duties to arife by virtue of this a<ft, and thereout to pay all fuch damages fo to be offered, affefled, and fettled, as aforefaid; and the money to be received by fuch receiver or receivers (hall and is hereby declared to be as fo much money received to the ufe of fuch perfon or perfons receiving damage or injury as afore-laid ; and after fuch damages fo fettled and afieffed as aforefaid (hall be paid and fatisfied, the power and authority of fuch receiver or receivers, for the purpofes lad mentioned, (hall ceafe and determine.

XVIII.	And be it further ena&ed, That in all cafes where

any verdid as aforefaid (hall be given for a greater fum than Expences of (hall have been offered by, or on behalf of, the faid trudees, or the jury how any feven or more of them, in writing, (igned by the clerk oft0 he paid, the faid trudees; or in cafe no fuch offer (hall have been made before the fummoning of any fuch jury; that then, all the expences of fummoning and maintaining fuch jury and the wit-	’•>

neffes, and of taking fuch inqued, (hall be paid by the faid trufi* tees, or anv feven or more of them, out of the monies to arife or be paid by virtue of this a£t: but if any fuch verdi<d (hall be given for no more or for a lefs fum than (hall have been fo previoufly offered by or on the behalf of the faid trudees, or any feven or more of them, then, and in every fuch cafe, fuch expences (to be fettled by any two of his Majedy’s judices of the peace for the county wherein fuch jury (hall be returned)

(hall be defrayed by the owners of, or the perfons intereded in$ the meffuages, mills, weirs, turnpikes, locks, ciderns, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or other property in quedion:

6	and

5+o

Truftees to build a wharf for Sir WiUi. am Maynard on the Effex fide of the river.

Anno feptimo Georgii III. c. 51.	[1766.

forth and for ever thereafter, be paid and allowed, and th& truftees appointed or to be appointed, by or in purfuance df this ad, are hereby authorized, impowered, and required, to pay and allow unto the faid Sir William Maynard, his heirs and afligns, out of the rates and duties by this ad granted and diredted to be received and taken, the annual rent or yearly fum of forty eight pounds of lawful money of Great Britain^ clear of all taxes and dedu&ions whatfoever, at or on the twenty fifth day of December, twenty fifth day of March, twenty fourth day of June, and twenty ninth day of September, in every year, by even and equal portions, as a fatisfadtion or com-penfation for any lofs or damage which the faid Sir William Maynard, his heirs of aftigns, (hall or may fuftain in manner before mentioned; the firft payment of the faid annual rent, or yearly fum of forty eight pounds, to commence and be made on the firft of the faid days which (hall happen next after the faid boats, barges, lighters, or other veflels, (hall by the ways and means before mentioned be prevented or obftrudted from paffing or repaffing to, from, or through, the faid weir belonging the faid Sir William Maynard as aforfaid, or fuch lock or i locks (hall be ere&ed as aforefaid: and in cafe of refufal or nonpayment of the faid annual rent or yearly fum of forty eight pounds, or any part thereof, for the fpace ot forty days next after any of the days before appointed for payment thereof as aforefaid, the faid Sir William Maynard, his heirs and aftigns, (hall and may have and take fuch and the fame powers and remedies for receiving and recovering the faid annual rent or yearly fum of forty eight pounds, or To much thereof as (hall, from time to time, be in arrear and unpaid, and all the cofts and expences attending the recovery thereof, as are in this a<fl provided for the payment of any money or annuities that (hall be granted and made payable by virtue of this adt; and fuch annual rent or yearly fum of forty eight pounds (hall be paid in preference to and have a priority againft all other annuities, charges, payments, or Turns of money which (hall hereafter be created and become payable to any perfon or perfons advancing money by way of fecurity upon the rates and duties bv this adt made payable, or on any fum or Turns of money vefted in or made payable to the laid truftees by virtue hereof.

XXVII. And be it further enadted, That when and fo Toon as the boats, barges, lighters, or other veflels, (hall, by the ways and means before mentioned, be prevented or obftrudted from pairing or repairing to, from, or through, the (aid weir or turnpike belonging to the faid Sir William Maynard as aforefaid; the (aid truftees (hall, out of the firft monies which (hall be raifed and received by them in purfuance of this adt, erect and build in a fubftantial and workman-like manner a wharf on the EJfex fide of the faid river, oppofite to the place where the tail ot Tottenham mill ft ream falls into the faid river, of the fame di-menfions with the wharf now belonging to the faid Sir Wiliam Maynard at Hel/yer’s Ferry afgrefaid; and (hall and do caufe to

1766.] Anno feptimo Georgii III. c. 51J

It removed the warehoufes and other conveniencies on the faid wharf at HellyePs Ferry to fuch new wharf fo to be ere&ed a9 aforefaid; and (hall and do make a good waggon road from fuch new wharf to the yard of the dwelling-houfe of the tenant of the faid Sir IVilliam Maynard at Helper’s Ferry aforefaid; and, from time to time, and at all times thereafter, keep the fame in good condition and repair.

XXVIII.	And whereas there is a turnpike or lock upon the faid river at or near Waltham Abbey, in the faid county of Eflex, now belonging to Sir William Wake baronet, and Peter Floyer efquire9 where they receive a toll of five Jbillings for every boat or other vejfel coming down the faid river, which Jaid turnpike or lock, when the new intended cut or canal is made from the faid river above King’s Weir aforefaid to the wejl tailJlream of the powder mills	Wal-

tham Abbey, will not be made ufe of for the purpofe of the faid in-tended navigation, and by means thereof the faid toll will no longer be received at the Jaid turnpike or lock; in order therefore to make com-penfation to the owners of the faid turnpike or lock for the lofs they will fujlain by making fuch new cut or canal; be it further ena&ed.

That from and immediately after the making and perfecting the Satisfaction to laid cut or canal from above King's Weir to the weft tail ftream William of the powder mills near Waltham Abbey as aforefaid, and fo foon j££f,?F*“yCr * as the fame (hall be made navigable, the faid turnpike and the for tolls now property thereof (hall be vefted in, and the fame is hereby vefted received in, the truftees appointed to put this prefent aCt in execution, hy them, and their fuccelfors; and the faid truftees and their fucceflors, or any feven or more of them, (hall, and they are hereby authorized and required to pay, or caufe to be paid, unto the faid Sir William Wake and Peter Floyer, their refpcCtive heir6 and af-figns, to and for fuch ufes, intents, and purpofes, as the faid turnpike or lock now Hands limited, or to fuch perfon or per-ions as they (hall authorize and appoint to receive the fame, out of the feveral rates and duties to be collected and received in purfuance of this prefent aCt* for every ton of goods, wares, merchandizes, or commodities, which (hall be carried or conveyed down the faid river through the faid cut or canal from above King's Weir to the weft tail ftream of the powder mills near Waltham Abbey as aforefaid, the fum of one penny per ton, free from all deductions whatfoever, by four even and equal quarterly payments in the year (that is to fay) on the feaft of Saint Michael the archangel, the birth of our Lord Chrift, the annunciation of the bleffed Virgin Maryy and the nativity of Saint fohn the baptift; the firft payment to begin and be made on fuch of the faid feafts or days of payment as (hall firft and next happen after the faid cut or canal from above King's Weir to the faid weft tail ftream of the faid powder mills near Waltham Abbey,

(hall be made navigable as aforefaid; and if the faid payments, or any of them, or any pjrt or parts thereof, fhalL be behind and unpaid fer the fpace of twenty one days next after the fame (hall become due; then the faid Sir William Wake and Peter Floyer, their heirs and afligns, (hall and may have and take fuch.

Vql. XXVII.	N	n	and

Satitfa&ion made to Sir Wm. Wake and Peter Floyer tor toils, (hall be in full fa-tistn&ion to their tenant «f the corn

Anno feptimo Georgii III. c. 51.	[1766.

and the fame powers and remedies for receiving and recovering the laid payments, and all arrears thereof, and all cofts and cx-pences attending the recovery thereof, as are in this aft provided for the payment of any (hares or annuities that (hall be granted and made payable by virtue of this aft; and iuch payments or tonnage (hall be made and paid in preference to and have a priority againft all annuities, payments, charges, or fums of mooey, which (hall hereafter be created and become payable to any per-fon or perfons advancing money by way of (ecurity upon the rates and duties by this aft made payable, or on any fum or fums. of money veiled in, or made payable to the (aid truftces by virtue hereof.

XXIX.	Provided always, and it is hereby enafted and declared, That from and after the making the faid new cut fan above King's Weir to the weft tail dream of the powder mills near Waltham Abbey aforefaid, the faid tall of one penny par too hereby direfted to be paid by the faid truftees to the laid Sir William Wake and Peter Floyer> their heirs, and afligns, (hall be accepted and taken in lieu and fatisfaftion of the faid toll of five

__________ Ihillings now paid to the faid Sir William Wake and Pater FUyer,

mills at Walt* for every boat, barge, lighter, or other veftel, palling through ham Abbey, the faid turnpike or lock called Waltham Turnpike; and aho in lieu and fatisfaftion of all payments which the tenant or occupier of the corn mills at Waltham Abbey aforefaid, belonging to the faid Sir William Wake and Peter FUyer, (hall thereafter claim or demand for any aid or afliftance by fuch tenant or occupier given from the faid mills to the palling of boats, barges, lighters, and other veffels, up or down the faid river.

XXX.	And> for the better after taining what fum or fums of money JbalL> from time to time, be due and payable to the faid Sit William Wake and Peter Floyer, their heirs, and affigm* in tom-

Power to Sir penfation for the faid tolls as aforefaid; be it further enafted. That Wm. Wake tjie laid Sir William Wake and Peter Floyer, their heirs, and af-F?dPCttoi %ns> or	or	perfons	as	they,	either,	or any of them,

fee^books1) to fhall for that purpofe appoint, (hall and may, at any time or akertain the times hereafter, have full and free liberty and power of infped-number of	ing, examining, and taking copies at their own expence, of all

boats and	fuch books, accounts, and entries, as (hall at any time or time*

gcxjdicarried	thereafter be made, entered, or kept, at the place neared to

ekerem.	King's Weir, where fuch books, accounts, or entries, (hall be

made, entered, or kept, by any peribn or perfons appointed to receive any rates or duties to be collected and received in purfu-ance of this aft, or otherwise refpefting the faid navigation, ia order to fee the number of boats, barges, lighters, and other veffels, that (hall pafs through the faid cut or canal to be made from above King's Weir to the weft tail dream of the (aid powder mills near Waltham Abbey, and the quantity or tonnage of the goods, wares, merchandizes, or commodities, which (hall be carried or conveyed therein.

XXXI.	And whereas by means of the faid lock or turnpike on tb$ [aid river called Waltham T urnpike, the water of the /aid river is

pinned

ty66.'] Anno Jeptimo Georgii III. c. 51,	£43

\emsedup to fitch an height, that certain corn mills at Waltham Abbey, the preperty of the faid Sir William Wake and Peter Fioyer, and certain gunpowder mills there the property of Thomas Walton and Bourchier Walton, efquires, are fupplied with water from the /aid river ; and alfo certain grounds at Waltham Abbey aforejaid, the property of the faid Sir William Wake, and now in the occupation of James Barwick, and Mary Farran widow, callico printers and partners, are fupplied with water by flofhes from the faid turnpike as often as the fame is opened for the pajfage of barges or other veffeh vt or down the faid river, and certain Jiages are built and made in the faid river adjoining to the faid callico grounds for wafting and cleaning the linens therein: and whereas the faid turnpike will not be necejfary, for the purpofes of navigation, after the faid new cut from above King’s Weir to the weft tailjlream of the powder mills near Waltham Abbey aforefaid Jhall have been made and compleated; and in cafe the fame is not, from time to time, kept up and fupported, the faid com mills, gunpowder mills, and callico grounds, will not be fupplied with water as they have heretofore been: and whereas the faid Thomas Walton and Bourchier Walton are owners of a fijhery upon part of the faid river as well above as below the faid turnpike: be it therefore further enaded. That the faid trustees Dire&ing that appointed by this a <51, and their fuccefiors, or any feven or more when the cut of them, (hall, from and immediately after the faid new cut £*11 b?.m*d* (hall have been made and compleated from King's Weir afore- vveir^w&c faid to the weft tail ftream of the powder mills near Waltham wcft ta*,] Abbey aforefaid, put the faid turnpike in good and fufficient re- ftream of the pair, or eredt and make (bme other device in the place and (lead powder mills thereof, which (hall effectually anfwer the fame purpofe, forAbbey the01 fupplying the faid corn mills and gunpowder mills with water, as trustees (hall s*he faid turnpike now doth; and (hall, from time to time, keep repair,and fuch turnpike or other device of the fame perpendicular height keep in reus the prefent turnpike now is, and not lower; and (hall, from time to time, well and fufficiently maintain, fupport, and keep, and'of fuffi-the faid turnpike or other device in good repair, and caufe the dent heighth fame to be properly looked after, attended to, and opened, in to fupplv the cafe of floods, to prevent damage to the country therefrom; ^™un *** -which faid turnpike or other device (hall not, from and after the der nSlir^and making of the faid new cut, be opened, except in the cafe of callico * floods, for the purpofe of better letting out of the fame, and grounds, at except for the purpofe of flthing the Faid river, which may be Walthamwitb done, from time to time, as the owners of the fifliery there (hallwater* think fit, not exceeding four times in any year; and alfo except for the purpofe of making fuch circular hole or bore therein as herein after i9 directed; and in cafe the faid turnpike, or other device to be made in the dead thereof, (hall, at any time or times thereafter, be in want of repair or amendment, the faid truftees, or their fucceflors, or any leven or more of them, (hall, on application to be made to their clerk for that purpofe, by a notice in writing from the faid Sir William Wake, Peter Fioyer,

Thqmas Walton, and Bourchier Walton, any or either of them, their or any or cither of their heirs or affigns, to be given to the -

Nna	(aid

5 44

Anno fcprimo GfioRGft III. c. 51.	[1766.

laid clerk, or left at his ufual place of abode, caufe the faid turn/ pike or other device to be well and fufficiently repaired and a« mended within twenty one days next after fuch application (hall have been made as aforefaid; and in- cafe the faid truftees, or their fuccefTors, pr any feven or more of them, (hall not, within the time aforefaid, caufe the faid turnpike or other device to be well and fufficiently repaired and amended, it (hall and may be lawful to and for two juftices of the peace of the faid county of EJfex, and they are hereby authorized and required to taxe a view of the faid turnpike or other device, on application to them for that purpofe, to be made by the (aid Sir William Wake, Peter Floy or, Thomas Walton, and Bourchier Walton, any or either of them, their or any or either of their heirs or affigns; and if, upon fuch view, the faid juftices (hall find the faid turnpike or other device to be in want of repair or amendment, then the faid juftices (hall, by writing under their hands and feals, certify what repairs or amendments are wanting to be made and done to the faid turnpike, or other device; which certificate (hall be delivered to the clerk to the faid truftees, or left at his ufual place of abode; and in cafe the faid truftees, or their fuccefTors, or any feven or more of them, (hall not, within twenty one days next after the faid certificate (hall be delivered to, or left with, their faid clerk as aforefaid, caufe the faid turnpike, or other device, to be well and fufficiently repaired; then, and in fuch cafe, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Sir William Wake, Peter Floyer, Thomas Walton, and BourckUr Walton, any or either of them, their or any or either of their heirs or affigns, and they are hereby authorized to caufe fuch reparations and amendments to be made to the faid turnpike, or other device, as (hall be mentioned in the faid certificate: and the faid truftees or their fuccefTors, or any feven or more of them, (hall pay, or caqfe to be paid, to the perfon or perfons at whofe expence the faid repairs and amendments (hall have been made, all fuch cofts, charges, and expences, as he or they (hall have paid, expended, and been put to, on that occafion; fuch cofts, charges, and expences, to be liquidated by fuch two juftices as aforefaid, if any difpute (hall arife touching the fame: and in cafe of non-payment thereof for the fpace of ten days next after demand for that purpofe made on the collector of the rates and duties hereby directed to be paid and collected at the lock which (hall beneareft to King's Weir aforefaid; it (hall and may be lawful to and for the perfon and perfons at whofe expence fuch repairs and amendments (hall have been made as aforefaid, to receive all and every the rates and duties hereby di-relted to be collected and paid at the faid lock, until he and they fhall have reimburfed bimfelf and themfelves all fuch cofts, charges, and expences, as he or they (hall have been put to in making fuch repairs and amendments as aforefaid: and the faid truftees and their fuccefTors, or any feven or more of them, fhall caufe the faid turnpike, or other device, to be well and fufficiently looked after and attended for the purpofes herein before

1766.] Anno feptimo GeoRgii III. c. 51.	545

^and herein after mentioned: and in cafe the perfon who (hall be appointed for that purpofe (hail not look after and attend the fame in a proper manner; then, and in fuch cafe, after due information given thereof, and the particular caufes of complaint fpecified in writing, fubfcribed by the faid Sir William Wake,

Peter Floyer, Thomas Walton, and Bourchier Walton, any or either of them, their or any of their heirs and aftigns, ana delivered to the clerk to the faid truftees, or left at his ulual place of abode, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Sir William Wake,

Peter Floyer, Thomas Walton, and Bourchier Walton, any or either of them, their or any or either of their heirs or aftigns, to caufe . the faid turnpike, or other device, to be well and fufficiently looked after, and attended by fome perfon or perfons to be by them, any or either of them appointed for that purpofe: and the faid truftees or their fucceffors, or any feven or more of them,

(hall pay to the faid Sir William Wake, Peter Floyer, Thomat

Walton, and Bourchier Walton, their heirs or aftigns, fuch fum

or fums as they, any or either of them, (hall pay to any perfon

or perfons for looking after and attending the faid turnpike, or

other device: and in cafe any difference (hall arife between the

faid truftees and the faid Sir William Wake, Peter Floyer, Thomas

Walton, and Bourchier Walton, their heirs or aftigns, touching

the amount or reafonablenefs of the fum or fums fo paid for

looking after and attending the faid turnpike, or other device,

the fame (hall be fettled by two juftices of the peace for the faid	<

County of EJfex, whofe determination therein (hall l>e final.

XXXII. And, for the providing a conftant or regular draught or current of water down the faid river from the faid turnpike, or other device to be ere fled in the (lead thereof, for the carrying on the trade and bufmefs at the faid calico grounds; be it further enabled, That A bore to be the faid truftees, or their fucceftors, or any feven or more ofmadc them, (hall, immediately after the faid new cut (hall have been thamtu™pikc pnade from King's Weir aforefaid to the weft tail ftream of the »	*

faid powder mills near Waltham Abbey aforefaid, caufe to be cut fupply of wa-and made in the faid turnpike, or other device to be eredted ter down the jn the ftead thereof, a circular hole or bore of fix inches	thc

diameter, for a conftant paflage of water through the fame, ^ounjd$ at and to fix thereupon a brafs or copper plate, not exceeding pne Walihan*. quarter of an inch in thicknefs, with the like circular hole or bore therein, the centre of which circular hole or bore (ball be cut and made two feet below the top or gauge height of the faid turnpike, or other device to be eredted in the ftead there-jof; and (hall, from time to time, continue, maintain, and .keep fuch circular hole or bore in the faid turnpike, or other device for the purpofe aforefaid : And in cafe the faid truftees, pr their fucceftors, or any feven or more of them, (hall negledt pr refufe to have fuch circular hole or bore cut and made in the faid turnpike, or other device, or fuch brafs or copper plate fixed thereupon as aforefaid, within two days next after the faid ^ew cut (hail have been made from King's Weir aforefaid to the W*ft tail ftream of the powder mills near Wqltham Abbey afore-

.W%

£4.6	Anno	fcprimo	Georgii III. c. 5*. f 1766.

faid, or (hall, at any time thereafter, negledt or refofe to con-/ tinue the fame therein, then, and in either of the faid cafes, it (hall and may be lawful to and for the faid Sir William Wakef his heirs, or afligns, and he and they is and are hereby authorized to cut and make in the faid turnpike, or other device, fuch circular hole or bore, and to fix thereupon fuch brafc or copper plate as aforefaid, and, from time to time, to continue the fame; and the faid truftees, or their fucceflors, or any feven or more of them, (hall, on notice to be for that pur-pofe given to their clerk in writing, pay or caufe to be paid to the faid Sir William Wake, his heirs, or afligns, iB fuch cofts, charges, and expences, as he or they ftall hare been put unto in making fuch circular hole or bore, and fixhw fuch brafs or copper plate thereon as aforefaid : And in caw any difference (hall arife between the faid truftees and the faid Sir William Wake, his heirs, or aftigns, touching the amount at reafonablenefs of the fum or fums of money fo paid as afbre-faid, the quantum thereof (hall be fettled and adjufted by two juftices of the peace for the faid county of EJfex, whofe determination therein (hall be final.

XXXIII.	And, for the further and better fupplying thefaid James Barwick and Mary Farran, and ail ftueeeding tenants of the foil eatico grounds, with water for wafbing the linens in the find river in the fame manner as is now done, and forftrengtbcning the current

Sir William of water there; be it further enacted. That it (hall and may IW Wake, and hit lawful to and for the faid Sir William Wake, his heirs, and affigns*

/ romraftTh/ an<* *118 and t^e*r tcnants the faid calico grounds, and he current of the and they is and are hereby authorized to contrad the prefent river oppofite current of the faid river oppofitc the faid grounds to ehe width the callico Gf nine fot dear water way; and for that purpofe to drive or fix in the faid river planks or pieces of timber; in order to form a barrier therein; provided fuch barrier (hall not be raifed more than four inches above the furfacc of the water in dry feafons, to the end the water may at all other feafons run over the faid barrier; and, from time to time, to continue, keep up, and maintain fuch barrier, in manner and for the purpofe aforefaid.

XXXIV.	And whereas it appears by a furvey of the millftream belonging to the faid com mills at Waltham Abbey aforefaid, mode under the direction of the faid truftees, that a much mater quantity of water will pafs down the faid mill fir earn when the faid new cut from above King’s Weir aforefaid to the weft tail ftream of the powder mills near Waltham Abbey aforefaid fball have been made

Callico than now does; be it farther ena&ed. That from and immediate-groundi at ty after the faid new cut (hall have been made and compleated, ^Tupplied° lt	an<* may b*	to smd far the tenants and occupiers

wirli water	°f the faid grounds, now in the occupation of the faid Jam#

fi o™Waltham Barwick and Mary Farran, and all fucceeding tenants of the com ^ gT0Unds> and they are hereby authorized, from time to pull itifam. time, 16 take a faffictent quantity of water out of the faid milt ftream, for fiUing the cuts or canals made, and to to medc^ in the. fod calico grounds, or any qfher grounds adjoining

Uttrcunto^

ij66.] Anno Jeptimo Georoii III. c. 51.'	$47

hereunto, now belonging to the faid Sir William Wake; and for that purpofe, it (hall and iqay be lawful to and for the faid Sir William Wake, hk heirs, tenants, or afiigns, or his or their workmen, and they are hereby authorized to drive and fix in the faid mill (bream a pile, and to cut and make in the faid pile a circular hole or bore not exceeding two inches and five fix* teenth parts of an inch diameter, for the conftant pafiage of water out of the faid mill fhream into the faid cuts or canals made, or to be made, in the faid callico grounds, or any other grounds adjoining thereunto, now belonging to the faid Sir William Wake; and to place or fix upon the (aid pile a brafs or copper plate not exceeding one quarter of an inch in thicknefs, with (iich circular hole or bore therein as aforefaid, the centre of which faid circular hole or bore (hall be placed two feet below the common and ordinary mark of a full head at the faid mill, and, from time to time, to continue the fame in the manner and for the purpofe aforefaid; and the tenant or occupier of the (aid corn taills at Waltham Abbey aforefaid, (hall not at any time or times thereafter wilfully do any a<5t, matter, or thing, to prevent a full and free pafiage of water out of the faid .mill ftream through the laid circular hole or bore into the faid cuts or canals made, or to be made, in the faid calico grounds, or any other grounds adjoining thereunto, now belonging to the (aid Sir William Wake*

XXXV.	And whereas the mill ftream from the tail of the '/aid gunpowder mils belonging to the Jaid Thomas and Boucnier Walton is navigable to the prefent channel of the faid river Lee, which channel from the end of the faid mill ftream to the place where the faid new cut to be made from King’s Weir will communicate with the faid river Lee, near the faid weft mill ftream * will be difufed for common navigation afttr the faid new cut is made, but it ts ne-cejfary that the fame Jhould be preferved in a navigable fate for the

benefit of the faid mills; be it therefore further enaftea, That no- Navigation to thing herein contained (hall enable the faid truftees for the laid nayigation to do any adt, matter, or thing whatfoever, whereby thq navigation of the faid river Lee, in its prefent courfe or preferved. channel From the (aid mill ftream to the common channel of the faid river where the faid new navigation (hall be carried on, (hall or may be dcftroyed or injured; but that on the contrary the faid truftees (hall and will deanfe, preferve, and maintain, the lame in a proper and efte&ual manner, that there may always be as good a navigation to and from the laid mills as there now is.

XXXVI.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed and Owners of declared. That nothing herein contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to oblige the owners, leflees, tenants, or filppiy water, occupiers, of the gunpowder mills at Waltham Holy Crofs, in

the county of Effex9 to draw up or open, or (hut or put down, any dough or doughs of their (luices for the purpofe of doing to ppcfcuung any of the works in purfuance pf this

* ;	xxxyn.>itf.......

•54*

Alteration to be made m Bromley Lock.

Anno feptimo Georgii III. c. 51.	[1766.

XXXVII. And whereas Richard Lockwood, efquire, is ownf

of (ertain mills upon the faii river Lee, known by the name of the Pour Mills, at Bromley; be it enaded, That nothing herein contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, or be conftrued to authorize or impower the faid truftees, or any of them, to make any alteration in the lock called Bromley Lock, the dams, cuts, or water dreams, leading to the faid four mills; or any ways to defeat, prejudice, or affed, the right or property of the faid Richard Lockwood, his heirs, or afligns, therein, without the previous confent of the faid Richard Lockwood, his heirs, or afiigns.

XXXVIII. And whereas George Byrd efquire, and fevered other perfons, are proprietors of certain water-works called The Weftham Water-works, in the county of Eflex,/ir raifing water for the fupph of the inhabitants of Stratford, Weft ham. Bow, Bromley, Mile-End, Stepney, and other adjacent places, with good and wholfomc water; which faid water-works are jituate ups* a branch or cut from the river Lee, and are fupplied from the faii river with water ; and the faid proprietors have been at very greet expenses in the treftion and maintaining thereof: And in order to extend and render more ujeful the faid undertaking by having their property fccured to them, the faid proprietors obtained an aft in the twenty firjl year of his late Majefty, whereby they were authorized to make and maintain works, cuts, dams, devices, and buildings for xondufting and conveying water to the faidfcveral parifbes and places for the purpofes aforefaid; and fince the paffmg of the faid aft the) have been at further great expenses, and have alfo erefted on the faid fir earn or cut a new water-mill and engine for raifing water, the belter to fupply the inhabitants of the aforefaid towns and parifbes, and alfo Bethnal Green, Shadwell, Cockhill, Rat-cliffe, and other places adjacent; which expenses in different pur-chafes, leafcs, ereftions, and works, for fupplying the Jaid inhabit tants with water, have amounted to upwards of forty ttoufaiU ^Saving of thepQUnds; be it therefore further enacted. That nothing in this pitmrietora^ifa<^ contained ft all extend, or be conftrued to extend, to defeat, WcHbamWa- prejudice, or affedt, the right of the faid proprietors to the (Said tu-works. works, or the water-cuts and dams fo made#by them for the purpofes aforefaid, and the dream running to the fame; but that it (hall and may be lawful for the faid proprietors of the laid water-works for the time being, and their heirs, executors, adminidrators, aifigns, and lucceflors, to have, hold, take, and enjoy, the faid works, cuts, and dams, now made by them, and alfo the water and dream coming from the faid river Lee for the working the fame, and fupplying the faid inhabitants or others with water, and all the rights, privileges, benefits, and advantages, belonging thereto, in as full and ample manner as they the faid proprietors now poflefs and enjoy die fame; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof not-withftan'ding.

XXX1X> And be it further enabled. That in cafe the faid

To prevent the water of

the river (root truftees* .their fucceffors,

or	(hall,	by	virtue	of	the

pow^l

1766.]	.	Anno	feptimo	Georgii III. c. 51.	,549

Upowers and authorities by this aA granted, take or divert being diverted any water out of the river Lee, or out of the cut or canal belonging to the faid water-works, to the prejudice or injury judice of thereof ; then, and in fuch cafe, the faid truftees, their fucccl- WdlhamWa-Tors, or affigns, (hall, from time to time, make to the pro- ter-worlu. prietors of the faid water-works for the time being full fa-tisfaAion for the injury, lofs, and damage, which (hall, from time to time, be fuftained by the*proprietors of the faid works, by reafon of fuch water being taken or diverted from the faid Water-works; fuch damages to be, from time to time, fettled and afeertained, recovered and levied, when unpaid, in fuch manner, and with the like powers, authorities, and remedies, in all refpeAs, as any other damages, which (hall be fuftained by the exercife of any of the powers of this aA, are herein di-jeAed to be fettled, afeertained, recovered, and levied : And in cafe the mafteror owner of any boat, barge, lighter, or other veffel navigating upon the faid intended cut or canal, between Lee Bridge and Hackney Brook, or navigation, or other perfon or perfons whatfoever, (hall wantonly, or through careleffnefsor negligence, break, throw down, damage, or deftroy any banks or other works ereAed, or to be ereAed, or made for the purpofes of the faid navigation; or (hall wantonly, or without occafion, or in a carelefs or negligent manner, open, or caufe to be opened, or left open any lock belonging to the faid navigation, cut, or canal, or leave any of the locks open and running for any longer time than is neceflary for the paflage of any boat, barge, lighter, or other veffel; or if any perfon or perfons (hall draw, or caufe to be drawn, any of the locks, gates, (luices, or hatches, which (hall be made on the faid cut or canal between Lee Bridge and Hackney Brooky fo as to mif-fpend and wafte, or (hall by any means wilfully mif-fpend or wafte, the water of the river Lee% or do any other aA to the prejudice of the faid water-works ; every fuch perfon or perfons, fo offending in any of the faid particulars, and being thereof conviAed before one or more juftice or juftices of the peace for the counties of EJJex or Middle-fex> by or upon the oath of one or more witnefs or witnefles (which oath fuch juftice or juftices is and are hereby refpec-tively impowered and required to adminifter) (hall forfeit and pay, for every fuch offence, a fum not exceeding five pounds ; and in default of payment thereof, the perfon or perfons fo offending (hall, by warrant or warrants of fuch juftice or juftices, be committed to the houfe of correAion for the faid counties refpeAively; there to be kept to hard labour for any time fuch juftice or juftices (hall direA, not exceeding two months, or until payment of the faid forfeiture: But in cafe the damage fo done as aforefaid, (hall exceed the fum of five pounds ; then it (hall and may be lawful for the faid proprietors of the faid waterworks, their heirs, executors, adminiftrators, affigns, and fuccef--fors, to fue for and recover fuch forfeiture, with lull cofts of fair, by aAion of debt, bill, plaint, or. information, in any of his Ma- . jetty's courts of record ; wherein no effoin, protcAifiO, or wager jaw, or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed.	t „

•	■	XL. And

The proprietor* of Weft-ham Waterworks (in cafe the water of the river (hall be diverted or run to wafte) to put down the locks, and to enter upon the cuts to repair breaches.

The cut to be made between lee Bridge#

Anno feptimo GeorgiI III. c. 51*	[1766#

XL, And whereas in cafe the water of the /aid cut or canal ftaUf by any of the ways and means of trefoil, or otherwife^ be diverted or permitted to run to wafte for any length of time9 great injury and damage may enfue to the fata water-works, and the per fans who are to be fupplied with water therefrom ; be it therefore further tended, That when and as often as the water (hall be diverted, or run to wafte by the means aforefaid, or otherwife, to the prejudice of the faid water-works (in cafe the laid truftees, or any five or more of them, (hall not, within twenty four hours after notice of fuch wafte (hall be given, or left in writing, to the furveyor or keeper of any of the locks upon the faid cut or canal, or be left for him at his ufuai place of abode, effectually flop the water from running to wafte as aforefaid;) it (hall and may be lawful for the proprietors of the faid waterworks, or any of them, their heirs, executors, adoniniftrators, afligns, or fucceffors, or any of them, or for their furveyor or furveyors, and workmen, and they are hereby impowered, to

!ro upon the faid cut or canal, and ground, belonging to tbe aid navigation; and, by fuch ways and means as they (hall deem fit and necefiary, ftop up, put down, and (hut down, the lock or locks, gates or hatches, fo left open, and mend or repair any breaches, or otherwife prevent a further wafte of water from the faid cut or canal; and the (aid truftees, or any five or more of them, (hall, in fuch cafe, pay to the faid proprietors, their heirs, executors, admmiftrators, afligns, or fuc-cefTors, all fuch reafonabie cofts, charges, and expences, as they (hall reafonably deferve to have for the fame, over and bolides the penalty herein before-mentioned \ fuch cofts, charges, and expences, to be fettled by any one or more juftice or ju-ftices of the peace for the faia counties of Eftix and Mtddlefcx refpeftively: and in cafe of non-payment for the fpace of four days after demand made on their agent or agents, fuch expences (hall and may be recovered and levied, in fuch manner as is in this aft provided for the payment of any (hares or annuities that (hall and may be granted and made payable by virtue thereof; any thing in this aft to the contrary thereof notwithftanding, XLI. And whereas Francis John Tyffen efyuire9 is entitled t§ an antient water com mill near Lee Bridge, which with other works are now employed in raifing water for the fupply of the inhabitants of the pari ft of Hackney, and other places adjacent, with good and wholefome water ; which faid mill and water-works are fttuate upon a branch or cut from the faid river Lee, and Jupplted with water therefrom by means of a weir or lock lately ereited by Abraham Ogier and others, lefties under tbe laid Francis John Tyfien, at 4 very confiderable expence 5 which lock or weir hath been found by experience te be of very great fervid and advantage to the navigation or the faid river Lee; and it is necefiary that tbe fame ftould be iept up and continued for the benefit of the new cut or canal intended to be made between Lee Bridge and tbe mouth of the ftream fupply* tng the faid mill and water-works \ be it therefore enafted, Thai the intended navigation (hall be carried through the Aid mil

1766.] Anno feptimo GeoKGII HI. C. 51;	551

dfeam, and the faid new cut or canal (hall begin on the well and the mill a fide of the (aid mill, but not nearer than ten yards from the "hickh foppj** buildings belonging thereto; nor (hall any lock or device be “r^workc *' placed fo as to obftru& or divert the dream belonging to the with water, laid mill.	Hull be made

on the weft fide of the faid mill, but not within tea yard* thereof.

XLII.	And,	tothe intent that both tbt Jaid	and

tvorks, and alfo the laid new intended cut or	may he

/applied with a /efficient quantity of water, be it further enabled.

That the faid lad mentioned lock (hall not at any time be drawn iater *which or opened for the pufpofes of the faid navigation, nor by the fuppi i. Hack-proprietors of the (aid mill and water-works, or their afligns, ney Water-iervants, or agents, fo as to reduce the head of water belong* work*, (hall mg to the faid mill and water-works mere than fix inches be-low the ufua) gauge mark, or height of a full head; the fame inches below to be afcertained by a done or pod to be fet up by the faid tru- the ufual dees for that purpofe : and that the faid tru dees (hall caufe a gauge °f * bridge to be erected and maintained over the faid mill dream, «*U head, at or near the place where the prefent bridge now dands, diffident for the paflage of hoffes, waggons, carts, and carriages, from the turnpike road over Lee Bridge to the faid* mill and water-works.

XL1II. And whereas the governor and company of the New River are entitled to the payment of one /sillingfor every boat, , or eraft,	faffing through	tholoth or ti/em mentioned in the fend recited

alt of the twelfth year of tho retgn of bis late	to be near

Ware Mills, by owners or occupiers of every fucb boat, barge, or craft, and are alft feifed of a weir and weir-bottfe or fi/hing-boufe near the town ofvfw, be it further ena&ed. That from and Satisfaction t» after the pafiing of this a<d, the faid governor and company be made the of the New Rsvir (hall not demand, have, receive, or take, ^ew R^Te£_ any toll, rate, or duty whatfoever, of or from the owners or ^t'oiTnow * occupiers of any boat, barge, or other craft, paffing through taken by them the faid lock or cidern j and alfo that the faid weir and weir-houfe for the paffing or filhing-houfe, but not the faid lock or ridem, (hall from	a

thenceforth be veded in, and the fame are hereby veded in, wareMUl, the trudees appointed by this ad and their fuccefiors for ever, and alfo for a for the purpofes of the faid navigation; and in confideration weir and •nd fatisfadlion thereof, the faid trudees and their fucceffors, weir-houfe or any feven or more of them, are hereby authorized, im-	"

powered, and required, to pay and allow to the faid governor and company of the New River,out of the faid rates, duties, and fums of money, to be raifed or paid by virtue of this all, the Aim of one (hilling for every boat, barge, lighter, or other craft, which (hall at any time after the paffing of this a& pafs through the find lock or cidem, by (bur even or enual quarterly payments in the ■year; (that is to fay) on the read of Saint Michael the archangel, the birth of our Lord ChrHl, the annunciation of the biemd Virgin Mary, and the nativity jftf Saint John the baptid ; the fird payment to begin and be Madf	tbofiud fold or days of payment as (hall fird and

.	.	np*fc

Anno feptimo Georgii III. c. 51.	[1766.

next happen after the palling of this a A ; and alfo that tie (aid truftees and their fucceflors, or any feven or more of them, are hereby authorized, impowered, and required, further to pay and allow unto the faid governor and company of the laid New River, out of the rates, duties, and fums or money, to be raifed or paid by virtue of this a&, the annual rent or yearly fum of forty pounds, free and clear of and from all and all manner of taxes and deductions parliamentary or otherwife howfo-ever, at or on the faid four feafts in every year, by even aod equal portions; the firft payment of the (aid annual rent of forty pounds to begin and be made on fuch of the faid feafts or days of payment as (hall firft and next happen after the paf-fing of this a<5t: and in cafe the faid fcveral and refpe&ive payments, or any of them, or any part or parts thereof, (hall be behind and unpaid by the fpace of forty days next after the fame (hall become due; that then the faid governor and company of the New River (hall and may have and take fuch and the fame remedies and powers for recovering and receiving the faid refpedtive payments, and all arrears thereof, as are in this i act provided for the payment of any (hares or annuities that , (hall be granted and made payable by virtue of this aCt; and fuch payments (hall be made in preference to, and have a ; priority againft, all other annuities, charges, payments, or fums j pf money, which (hall hereafter be created and become payable j to any perfon or perfons advancing money by way of fecurity j upon the rates and duties by this aCt made payable, or on any fum or fums of money veiled in or made payable to the faid truftees by virtue hereof.

Nothing in XlylV. Provided always, and be it further enacted. That this aft to nothing in this a£t contained (hall extend, or be deemed or con-prejudice the ftnjcd to extend, to defeat, injure, or in any manner to alter, pnvilegesof prejudice, or affeCt, the rights, interefts, or property, of the the Ne« River faid governor and company of the New River of, in, or to, ccr-Icompany. tain mills, lands, and hereditaments, in the parilhes of Wars and Great Amweli\ in the county of Hertford, veiled in them by a certain private aCt of parliament palled in the.eleventh year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, intituled. An aft for vcjling certain milllands* and hereditaments, in the parifhes of Ware and Great Amweli, in the county of Hertford [being part of the ejlate ^/“Thomas Pluraer Byde efquire, on infant^ and comprifed in the grandfather's marriage ftttlement) in the governor and company of the New River -brought from Chadwell and Amweli to London, and for fecuring a perpetual rent-chargs in lieu thereof for the benefit of the perfons claiming under the faid fettlement, or to give any power to the faid. truftees by any means to diminim, divert, prejudice, or alter, the fupply or Courfe of the water of or belonging to the works of the (aid governor and company, or to, pen up the water between the weir and the mill tail, (o as in any meafure to prejudice or obftrudt the working of the faid mills; or to defeat, injure, or in any manner to alter, prejudice, or *ffedt, the right*, interefts, qg }	property

1766.] .Anno feptimo Georgii III. c. 51.	553

property of the faid governor and company of, in, or to any eftates, powers, advantages, privileges, tolls, duties, benefits, or emoluments whatfoever, veiled in them the faid governor . and company in and by the firft abovementioned a61 of the twelfth year of his faid late Majefty; fave and except in ref-pedt of the faid toll or payment of one (hilling for every barge, boat, or craft, paffing through the faid lock or ciftern, and -in refpedt of the faid weir or filhing-houfe herein before-men-tioned.

XLV. And be it further ena&ed, That from and after the For veiling paffing of this adt, the weirs called Sotheby's Upper Weir, other- Newman1* wife Newman's Weir and Parkinfon's Weir9 upon the river Leey (hall be veiled in the faid truftees; and that the faid trullees, wdrlnThe or any feven or more of them, (hall pay the annual fum of truftecs, nineteen pounds five (hillings, clear of all taxes and dedudtions and for whatfoever, impofed, or to be impofed, by authority of par-Lament, or otherwife howfoevcr, to the occupier of the faid weir on the faid river Lee, called Sotheby's or Newman's Weir, his leffect there-executors, adminiftrators, or afligns, during the refidue of his of for the prefent fubfifting leafe thereof; and from and after the deter-mination thereof ; to the owner or owners of the faid weir for the time being; and alfo (hall pay, or caufe to be paid, the annual fum of lixteen pounds fifteen (hillings, free and clear from all taxes and deductions as aforefaid, to the occupier of the faid weir called Parkinfon's Weir, during the refidue of his prefent fubfifting leafe thereof; and from ana after the determination of fuch leafe, to the owner or owners of the faid weir for the time being, by half-yearly pavments and equal portions at Lady-day and Michaelmas yearly for ever; the firft payment thereof to commence at fuch of the faid days as (hall happen immediately after the paffing of this a<St; which faid annual fums (hall be in full fatisfadion and compenfation for the feverai tolls or fums of money ufually paid for the paflage of barges and boats through the faid weirs, and (hall be charged and chargeable upon, and be payable and paid by and out of the tolls made payable by this ad, or any money which (hall be raifed by the authority thereof : and in cafe the faid feverai fums pf nineteen pounds five (hillings, or fixteen pounds fifteen (hillings, or any of them, or any part thereof, (hall be behind and unpaid by the fpace of forty days after the fame (hall fo become refpedively due as aforefaid, being demanded of the trea-furer or treafurers of the faid truftees for the time being; that then, and in fuch cafe, and fo often as the faid annual fums, or any of them, (hall be fo refpedively in arrear as aforefaid, then the (aid owner or owners, occupier or occupiers, of the faid weirs, their heirs and affigns, (hall and may have and take fuch and the fame powers and remedies for receiving and recovering the faid payments, and all arrears thereof, and all cods and expences attending the recovery thereof, as are in this ad provided for the payment of any (hares or anouitiey that (hall be granted gr made payable by virtue of this ad.

XLVI«

Anno feptimo GkoRGII III. C. 51.	[1766.

XLVI. And whereas feer time immemorial there hath been a navigation to certain mills called Sewardfton Mills, fituate\ lying, and being, in the parifb of Waltham Holy Croft, n the county of Effex: and whereas there is at prefent no road or accefs to the jaid mills, for the carrying of goods, but by the find navigation : and whereas by the new cut or canal intended to be made by virtue of this att, the faid navigation to the [aid mills, unlefi pro* vifion be by this all made for preserving the fame, will be left, and the faid mills therebyrendered of little or no value: be it therefore irttsfoaton to further ena&ed. That the laid truftees, or any (even or more be made to the of them, are hereby authorised, impowered, and required, to or cau^c to ** out	nte$ an<* duties by this

for tbenavi*- *a& granted and dire&ed to be received and taken, to the owner gation to the or owners, occupier or occupiers, of the faid mills, an annual mills and for fum of forty five pounds; which faid annual futn of forty fire all other pay- poUnj8 (hall be in full fatisfiuftion and compenfation for the Srt madeVo navigation to the ftid mills ; and all payments heretofore made thr owners of to the owner or owners, occupier or occupiers, of the (aid thefeid mills, mills ; and the faid annual fum of forty five pounds fhall be paid by half-yearly payments and equal portions at Ladj-iaj \ and Michaelmas yearly for ever: the firft payment to be made , at fuch of the faid days as fhall happen after the new intended : navigable cut or canal herein before mentioned, leading from above Sotheby's Upper Weir, otherwifc called Newmatfs Weir\ ! pn the weft fide thereof, into and through the tail ftream of Tottenham Mill, (hall be perfeAed and rendered fit to bens- ,! vigatca upon; and in cafe of refuftl or non-payment of the (aid annual rent of forty five pounds, or any part thereof, for the fpace of forty days next after any of the days before appointed for the payment thereof as aforefeid, the faid owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors, of the faid mills, his, her, or their heirs, executors, adminiftrators, or afligns, fhall and may have and take fuch and the fame powers and remedies for receiving and recovering the faid annual rent of forty five pounds, or fo much thereof as fhall, from time to time, be in arrear and unpaid, and all the cofts and expences attending the recovery thereof, as are in this a<ft provided for the payment of any money or annuities that fhall be granted and made payable oy virtue of this a St; and that the faid truftees, or any feven or more of them, fhall, and they are hereby required to make and conduft the new intended cut or canal at or near a certain lock called Enfield Lock, in the county of Middlefex, within twenty yards of the faid river Lee, between Sotheby's Upper Weir, otherwife Newman's Weir, and Enfield Lock, fo that goods landed upon a wharf to be made and erefted on the eaft fide of the faid intended new cut or canal may be conveniently reladen at a wharf to be made on the weft fide of the faid river Lee; and that the faid truftees, or any feven or more of them, fhall, at their own cofts and charges, make, and ere&, and for ever thereafter keep in repair, one fuch convenient wharf of die length of ten feet on the eaft fide of the ftid new intended cut

or

1766.J	Anno feptimo Gborgii III. c. 51.

hr canal; and one other fueh convenient wharf of the fahie length, oppofite to the foregoing, and within twenty yards thereof, on the weft fide of the laid river Let; and (hall like-wife, at their own coftsand charges, indole a piece of ground between the faid two wharfs of twenty five feet bfoad and forty feet long, with pales or boards ten feet high, with a convenient door or aperture towards each of the faid wharfs, for the reception and prefervation of goods that may be landed on either of them; and (hall for ever keep the faid inclofure in repair ; and that the owner or owners, occupier or occupiers, of the faid mills (hall have full power and authority, at the expence of fuch owner or owners, occupier or occupiers, to cleanfe and, cut the banks of the river leading to the laid mills, commonly called the Mill River, as they (hall think fit, convenient, and neceflary, for making a navigation from the faid wharf, on the eaft fide of the river Lee, to the faid mills; fo as in cleanfing and cutting the faid mill river, the faid owner or owners, proprietor or proprietors, of the faid mills do not enlarge the mouth of the faid mill river j and likewife to remove all ob-ftrudions to the faid navigation, and to alter any bridge or bridges that is or are now ereded or built over the faid river called the Mill River, fo that fuch bridge or bridges may admit boats and barges, to be made ufe of on the faid navigation, from the faid whan on the river Let near to the faid mills, conveniently to pafs under the fame $ and to make a convenient towing or haling path on one fide of the faid navigation, to be made ufe of for the purpofes of the fame : and if any perfoit or perfons (hall fuftain any damage by or by means of any fuch cleanfing or cutting the faid mill river, or by removing any ob-ftrudions on the lame, or by altering any bridge or bridges, or by making fuch haling or towing path, fuch damage (hall be demanded, tendered, afeertained, recovered, and paid of and by the faid owner or occupier, or owners or occupiers of the faid mills* in the very fame manner, to all intents and purpofes, as damages are by this ad to be demanded, tendered, afeertained, recovered, and paid, by and to perfons injured by making the faid new intended cut or canal, or in confequence or by means thereof.

XLVII. And be it further enaded. That the faid herein before mentioned yearly and annual fums of nineteen pounds five (hillings, fixteen pounds fifteen (hillings, and forty five pounds, herein before direded refpedively to be paid to the owner or owners, occupier or occupiers, ot Sotheby’s Upper Weir, other-wife called Newman’s fVeiry Parktnfon’s Weir^ and Sewardjlon’s Mills, (hall be paid in preference to, and have a priority againft, all other annuities, payments, charges, or fums of money which (hall hereafter be created and become payable to any perfon or perfons advancing money by way of fecurity, upon the rates, duties, or tolls, by this ad made payable, or on any fum or fums of money veiled in, or madp payable t°i the faid trufteetj by virtue hereof

XLVIH. Ani>

S5S

Satisfa&ion to be made to the owners of Newman's Weir, Parkin-(on's Weir, and Seward-(ton’s Mills, to have a prer ference in payment a-gainft allotted payments*

Height of the banks to the cut from Newman's Weir into Enfield mill,

and cut eaft-ward of Enfield mills, to be four inches above the banks of the mill dream j

fubjett to the regulations here fet down.

A lock to be made in the cut from Newman's Weir into Enfield Mill Stream, and another to be made in the

Anno feptimo Georgii III. C. 51.

XLVIII. And, in order that a conflant fupply of water may hi provided and preserved for the ufe of Sewarddon Mills; be it further enacted, That with all convenient fpeed, after the faid cut or canal from above Newman's Weir into Enfield Mill Stream (hall be made, the faid truftees (hall, at their own cods and charges, caufe to be erected, to the fouthward of and within one hundred yards from the head of the dream leading to Sew-ardjlon Mills, a fufficient (top or erection crofs the faid river Lee; and, at all times afterwards, maintain, preferve, and repair, the fame; and in cafe the feid truftees (hall at any time negledt or omit fo to do, the owner or owners, or occupier or occupiers, of the faid mills, (hall recover and receive damages for fuch omiflion or negledt, in the fame manner as other per-fons receiving damages, by or by means of the faid new intended cut or canal, may recover their damages.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That the banks on each fide of the (aid new cut to be made from above Sotheby's upper Weir, otherwife called Newman's Weir, into Enfield Mill Stream, (hall be made and maintained of the height of four inches at lead above the prefent level of the bank of the faid river Lee, from whence the faid cut is intended to be made.

L. And be it further enabled. That the banks on each fide of the faid new cut to be made to the eaftward of Enfield Mills, above the lock to be eretfed in the faid cut, (hall be made and maintained of the height of four inches at lead above the prefent level of the bank of the faid mill dream, from whence the faid cut is intended to be made.

LI. Provided always nevertheless, That the faid new cut to be made from above Sotheby's upper Weir, otherwife called Newman's Weir, into Enfiela Mill Stream, and along fuch dream fo far as the faid navigation is to pafs through the fame; and the faid cut, to be made to the eaftward of Enfield Mills, (hall be made, done, fccured, and maintained, in fuch manner as that the quantity of water Rowing to the (aid mills, called Enfield Mills, (hall not be leflened or lowered further than (hall be neceflary for the paflage of barges, boats, or other veflels, through the faid lock, or the free paflage of the water be ftop-ped or obftru&ed in its courfe to the head of the faid mills; and fo as that the water in the faid mill dream, below the faid mills, (hall not be raifed above its ancient and ufual height; and foas neither to deepen or obftrudl the paflage through the ford below the faid mills, or to hinder the working of the faid mills; and fo as not to obdrudt the navigation to the faid mills, and all the wharfs and lands belonging to the owner thereof.

LII. And be it further enabled. That in fome convenient place of the faid new cut to be made from above Sotheby's upper Weir, otherwife called Newman's Weir, into Enfield Mill Stream, the faid truftees (hall caufe to be ere&ed and built a proper lock or ciftem convenient for the paflage of fuch barges, boats, and other veflels as aforefaid, the gates of which faid lock (halt be made of the height of four inches above the prefent level of

Anno feptimo Georgii III. c. 51.	*557

%the'bank of the faid river Lee9 from whence the faid new cyteuttothe (hall begin to be made; and in fome convenient place of the eaftward of faid new cut to be made to the eaftward of Enfield Mills, (hall EatxcU* MlU,f caufe to be ere&ed and built another lock or cittern convenient for the paffage of fuch barges, boats, or other vettels as afore-faid, the gates of which latt mentioned lock or cittern (hall be made of the height of four inches above the prefent level of the bank of the faid mill ftream, from whence the faid new cut (hall begin to be made.

LIII. Andy in order to prevent the owners, lejfees9 tenantSy or occupierSy of the faid millsy called Enfield Mills, being injured by any mifmanagement or neglefl in the management of the faid lock or . cijlern to be ere fled on the faid new cut to the eajlward of the faid mills; be it further ena&ed. That the tenant or tenants, occu- Occupier of pier or occupiers, of the faid mills, called Enfield Milhy for the Enfield Mills time being, (hall have the care and management of the faid lock ^ thc 6r cittern fo to be ere&ed as aforefaid in the faid cut to the eart- to ' ward of the faid mills: and in order to make a proper recoto- made in the pence and fatisfa<ttion for fuch care and management to the faid cut to the tenant or tenants, occupier or occupiers, of the faid mills, the faid truftees, or any feven or more of them, (hall, out of the thcMlU,• monies to be raifed or paid by virtue of this a<5t, from time to time, after the ere&ion of fuch lock, pay unto fuch tenant or tenants, occupier or occupiers, of the (aid mills, the yearly fum of ten pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, free and clear of all taxes and dedultions whatfoever, by four equal *<juarterljr payments, to be made on the featt days of the Annunciation, of the blefled virgin Maryy Saint John the baptift, Saint Michael the archangel, and the birth of our Lord Chrift, in every ye^r ; the firtt of fuch payments to be made on fuch of thofe days a& . ■ •

(hall firtt and next happen after the building of the faid lock: and in cafe of refufal or nonpayment of the faid yearly fum of ten pounds, or any part thereof, for the fpace of forty days next after any of the days before appointed for payment thereof, fuch tenant or tenants, occupier or occupiers, ot the faid mills, (hall and may have and take fuch and the fame powers and remedies for receiving and recovering the faid yearly fum of ten pounds, or fo much thereof as (hall, from time to time, be behind and unpaid as aforefaid, and all cofts and expences attending the recovery thereof, as are in this a& provided for the payment of any (hares or annuities that (hall be granted and made payable by virtue of this alt; and fuch yearly fum of ten pounds (hall be paid in preference to, and have a priority againtt, all other annuities, charges, payments, or fums of money, which (hall hereafter be created ana become payable to any perfon or perfons advancing money by way of fecurity upon the rates and duties by this a6t made payable, or on any fum or Turns of money vetted in, or made payable to, the (aid truttees, by virtue hereof.

LIV. Andy in order to prevent any interruption of the navigation along the faid mill ftream, after the faid new cutp and canals to and Vol. XXVII.	O	0	from

the ulual height i

and draw down the fame for repairs, See.

558	Anno feptimo GeoRGII III. C. 51;	[1766:

from the faid mill Jlream /ball be made\ be it further ena&edj When the wa- That when and as often as the water therein (hall be reduced to ter (hall be re- five feet above the prefent fill of the wafte-gate of that part of ducedtoacer-t^e faid mills called the Corn Mills, the gates of the faid mills En^Hdlvi-iU be ^ut* anc* m^s topped irom working; which the gates or *’ faid height of five feet fhall be afeertained by a ftonc or poll to thr mills (hall be fet up by the faid truftees for that purpofe. be (hut, and the mills (topped from working.

LeiTces, See. LV. Provided always neverthelefs, That nothing herein of Enfield contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to prevent or mills may pen hinder the owners, leflecs, tenants, or occupiers of the laid up vvitrr to mii]s called Enfield Mills from penning up the water above the faid mills, as high as they have heretofore ufed to pen the fame; nor fhall any work be erefted, or any a<5t be done, which may tend to prevent or hinder them in the penning up fuch water as aforefaid.

LVI. Provided alfo, That nothing in this a<5t mentioned or contained (hall extend, or be conftrued to extend, to prevent the owners, leflees, tenants, or occupiers, of the faid mills from drawing down the water to repair the faid mills, or to deanfe the faid mill ftream, or repair the banks thereof at any time, giving notice, giving twenty four hours notice to the faid truftees or their agents, that they may, if they think proper, make a dam or flop, to keep the water up to the faid height of five feet, for the purpofe of the faid navigation whilft fuch repairs are wanting-

LVII. And) to prevent difputes between the faid truftees and the owners, lejfees, tenants, or occupiers of the faid mills called Enfield Mills, refpefting the height to which the water may be penned abrut The height of the faid mills \ be it further enacted. That within the fpace of fix the water in calendar months next after the faid cuts to communicate with the cut* to and the mju ftream (hall be begun to be made, proper ftonci Mih Stream to or P°^s be ere&ed and fet up at the expence of the owners, be ascertained tenants, leflees, or occupiers, ot the faid mills, at fome proper by (tones or place, to be agreed upon and fixed by them and the faid truftees, polts.	whereon (hall be marked, in plain and legible figures or

letters, the height to which the water hath ufually been penned above the faid mills, and the height to which the fame ftands below the faid mills when the faid mills are not at work, and no water paffeth from the river above into the fame below the faid mills.

After the cuts LVIII. And be it further enatfted, That from and after the fhall be nude making of the faid new cuts or canals, to and from the faid £«-t?° finiVjL°’ir field Mill Stream^ the faid truftees (hall, at their own proper Stream the c°^s 30(1 charges, ^rom t^me t0 time, well and fufficiently truftees (hall *clcanfe and fcour the faid new cuts or canals, and alfo the four the cum whole of the faid mill ftream above the faid mills, fo far as the and^repair thefarne is ufed for navigation; and alfo (hall and will well and fufficiently. repair and maintain the faid two locks or citterns, and the banks of the faid cuts or canals, and the banks of the mill ftream aforefaid, fo as to prevent unneceflary wafte of water.	LIX. And

locks and banks.

1766.]	Anno fcptimo Georgii III. c# gt2	559

• LIX. And be it farther enadted, That the faid mill dream, Neither En-' and the cut or canal to the eaftward of the faid mills, (hall not M,!I be ufed by the faid truftees, or any other perfon whatfoever th^cIn’toThe (except the owners, tenants, leflees, or occupiers, of the faid eiftward of .mills) for any other pUrpofe than that of navigation; and no Enfield Mills, barge or other veflel (hall ftop to take in or load, deliver out or ** unload, any goods or merchandizes whatfoever on any part pJJrpo£ thani thereof, nor mall loiter or ftop on the fame unneceflarily; but for naviga-neverthelefs it (hall and may be lawful to and for the owners, tion. tenants, leflees, or occupiers, of the faid mills, to make fuch wharfs on his, her, or their lands, and to ufe the lame for the loading and unloading of goods, in like manner as they now can or may do from any (Jart of the faid mill ftream, fo that the fame do not ohftrudt or interrupt the navigation in any manner.

LX. Provided always, and be it further enadted and declar- Rights of the .ed. That nothing contained in this adt (hall tend to prejudice ?JEncr °(j*he the right of the owner or owners of the faid Enfield Mill Stream an/bdo* V° to the filhery, both above and below the (aid mills) and from Enfield Mill* and after the faid new cut or canal to the eaftward of the faid faved. mills (hall be made, the owner or owners of the faid mill ftream (hall and may have and enjoy the benefit of the filhery in fuch new cut or canal, and in the faid mill ftream, in the fame manner as they now are intitled to, and exercife and enjoy the right of fi(hery therein; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithstanding: but fuch right (hall ' be (o exercifed as not to interfere with, or interrupt, the execution of this adt, or the free ufe of the (aid navigation.

LXI. And whereas it may be netejfary in many places where the The owners .1new cuts er canals are intended t$ be made as aforefaid, and where or occupiers locks or ciftems Jhall be necejjary to be ere fled and repaired, to draw of mills fhall off the water and ftop the working of the nulls adjoining to or near °Pcn.or ^ut .the fame \ be it therefore further enadted, That every owner, fQr the'works leflee, tenant, or occupier, of any mill or mills which fhall be of navigation, necelfary to be (lopped for the doing the neceflary works afore- upon notice faid in execution of this adl, or for the repairs thereof, from S1™"* ^ “P" time to time, as the fame (hail be neceflary, (hall, upon reafon- orten^erof able requeft made, and forty eight hours notice given, and up- recompence on payment or tender of fuch recompence or fatisfadlion as is for the fame* herein after mentioned to be made to him or them by the (aid truftees, or any other perfon or perfons employed as their fer-vant or agent, draw up, or open, (hut, or put down, any dough or doughs of any (luice or fluices, which (hall be necel-iary to be opened or (hut refpedlively for the making the faid intended cuts, and eredting the faid locks or cifterns, and the works requifite for that purpofe, and for altering and repairing the fame; and fuch owners, leflees, tenants, or occupiers, ot any fuch mill or mills (hill and may, in fuch cafe, lawfully demand, have, and receive, and there (hall become due and payable to him, her, or them, from the faid truftees (before (topping their mills as aforefaid) as a recompence and compenfation for fuch drawing up or (hutting fuch dough or doughs refpec* v	O	0 2	tively.

560	Anno	feptimo	GeorgiiIII.	0.51.’	[1766.

tively, the fum of tea pence for every hour that every or any* wheel of any fuch mill (hall, by that means, or on that account, be (lopped or hindred from working, and fo in propor-_....	tion for any greater or lefler time.

be'flopped but	LXII. Provided alfo, and be it further enafted and declared,

in certain That the owners, leflees, tenants, or occupiers, of any mill or months in the mills, which it (hall be neceflary to (top or hinder the working year.	of for the purpofe aforefaid, (hall not be liable or obliged to

draw up or open, or to (hut or put down, any dough or doughs of any fluict or fluices, for the purpofes aforefaid, at any other time or times than in the months of May, June, July , and Avguft, nor during thofe months for any longer time or times than four days in any one week, unlefs fome accident or misfortune may happen or arife which (hall require immediate redrefs, and in fuch cafe the lame (hall and may be remedied and repaired at other times in the year as (hall be neceflary, but fo as not to (lop or hinder the working of any mill or mills • more than four days in any one week, after fuch notice given as aforefaid; any thing contained in this aft to the contrary in any wife notwitnftanding.

Satisfa&ion to LXIII. And, for recompence and fatisfafiion for the ufe of the be made to the faid mill Jlream Jar the purpofe of the faid navigation, as aforefaid, Enfie!d°Mill lt ^urt^cr	That	it	(hall and may be lawful to and

Stream for the f°r r^c truftees, and they are hereby authorized and ira-ufe of the faid powered to contraft and agree with the owner of the faid En-itream for the field Mills, and the tenants or occupiers thereof, and to pay, or purpofe of	caufe to be paid to fuch owner, tenant, or occupier, out of the

navigation.	monjes to raifed or paid by virtue of this aft, in fuch man-

ner and proportions, as fuch owner, tenants, or occupiers, (hall agree amongft themfclves, the yearly fum of forty pounds, of lawful money of Great Britain, free and clear of all taxes and deduftions whatsoever, by four equal quarterly payments, to be made on the feaft days of Saint John the baptift. Saint Michael the archangel, the birth of ourllord Chrift, and the annunciation of the blefled virgin Mary, in every year, the firft of fuch payments to be made on the feaft day of Saint John the baptift now next enfuing; and in cafe of refufal or nonpayment of the faid yearly fum of forty pounds, or any part thereof, for the fpace of twenty one days next after any of the days herein before appointed for payment thereof as aforefaid, fuch owner of the (aid mills, and the tenants or occupiers thereof, (ha)l and may have and take fuch and the fame powers and remedies for receiving and recovering the faid yearly fum of forty pounds, or fo much thereof as (hall from time to time be in arrear and unpaid; and all cofts and expences attending the recovery thereof, as arc in this aft provided for the payment of any (hares or annuities that (hall be granted and made payable by virtue of this aft; and fuch yearly fum of forty pounds (hall be paid in preference to, and have a priority againft all other annuities, charges, payments, or fums of money which (hall hereafter be created and become payable to any perfoo or periods advancing

money

1766.] Anno feptimo Georgii III. c. 51.	561

• money by way of fecurity, upon the rates and duties by this a<$fc made payable, or any fum or fums of money vefted in, or made pavable to the faid truftees by virtue hereof.

LXIV. And whereas the dean and chatter of the cathedral church of Saint Paul in London are owners of a certain weir fituate upon the river Lee, now in the pojfejjion of Merry Tefhmakerj, or his under tenants, by virtue of a leafe for a term of twenty one years to him granted by the faid dean ana chapter, which faid weir it will be proper and necejfary to make ufe offor the purpofe of improving the faid navigation, or the fame will be rendered ufelefs thereby; be it therefore enadted, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for the Satisfaction to faid truftees, or any fcven or more of them, and they are here-by authorized to contra# and agree with the faid dean and chapter of St. chapter, and their faid leflee, and his afligns or under tenants, Paul's and for the abfolute purchafe of their refpeftive eftates, terms, and their leflee interefts in the faid weir; and in confideration of, and fatisfac- for * wcJr UP* tion for the fame, to pay out of the monies, rates, and duties, ^ c nver to be raifed and paid by virtue of this a# unto the faid Merry Tejhmaker, his executors, adminftrators, or afligns, or his or their under tenants, during the continuance of the faid now fubfift-ing leafe, and after the determination thereof, unto the faid dean and chapter, and their fucceflors for ever, one annuity or yearly fum of twenty five pounds, clear of all taxes, charges, and other deductions whatsoever, impofed or to be impofed by authority of parliament, or otherwife howfoever, by equal half-yearly payments, and alfo to pay to them refpedtively out of the monies to be raifed or paid as aforefaid, the cofts and * charges attending fuch agreements and purchafcs; which faid annuity, or yearly fum of twenty five pounds, (hall be for ever paid as aforefaid, in preference to, and have a priority againft, all other annuities, charges, payments, and fums of money, which (hall hereafter be created, fecured, or made payable, out of or upon the rates and duties to be raifed by virtue of this act, or any fum or fums of money vefted in, or payable to, the faid truftees by virtue thereof.

LXV. And whereas Abraham Hume efquire is the owner of a certain houfe, weir, andfifhery fituate on the river Lee, fome parts whereof it will be necejfary to make ufe of in improving the faid navigation, and other parts thereof may be rendered ufelefs thereby; be it therefore further enadted, That it (hall and may be lawful to Satisfaction to and for the faid truftees, or any fcven or more of them, to con- ,ma^c to tract and agree with the faid Abraham Hume for the purchafe of HumeEiq; the faid houfe, weir and fi(hery, with the appurtenances, for for an hotfe, the yearly fum of twenty eight pounds, free from all deductions; weir, andfiih* and to pay out of the monies to be raifed or paid by virtue of cfy* “P°n th® this a#, the faid yearly fum of twenty eight pounds, and alfo nvcr L,cc* the coft and charges attending fuch agreement and purchafe; which faid yearly fum of twenty eight pounds (hall be paid in preference to, and have a priority againft, all other annuities, payments, charges, or fums of money, which (hall hereafter bo created and become payable to any perfon or perfons advancing

Q 03	money

562	Anno	feptimo Georgii III. c. 51V	[1766#

money by way of fecurlty upon the rates and dudes by this aft • made payable, or on any fum or Aims of money vefted in or made payable to the faid truftees by virtue hereof.

LX VI. And whereat John Archer efquiro is the owner of a eertain houfe and weir fituate on the river Lee, fome farts whereof it will fre neceflary to uje in improving the faid navigation, and other parts Hereof may bo rendered ufelefi thereby; be it therefore further Satisfaction to cna&ed. That it (hall and may be lawful to and for (he faid be made to truftees, or any feven or more of them, to contrail and agree John Archer with the faid John Archer for the purchafe of the (aid houfe and boufe^weir we*r> with appurtenances, for the yearly fum of twenty and fifhery^* eight pounds, free from all deductions, and to pay out the mo-upon the A- nies to be raifed or paid by virtue of this alt the faid yearly fum vcr Lee. of twenty eight pounds, and alfo the cods and charges attending fuch agreement and purchafe; which (aid yearly fum of twenty eight pounds (hall be paid in preference to, and have a priority againit, all other annuities, payments, charges, or fums of mpney, which (hall hereafter be created and become payable to any perfon or perfons advancing money by way of fecurity upon the rates and duties by this alt made payable, or on any fum or Turns of money vefted in, or made payable to, the faid truftees by virtue hereof.

Towing-path LXVIl. Provided always, and be it further enaCted, That iowing-path on the fide of the new cut which (hall be made m on ton	* through Enfield and Edmonton Marfket,	(hall be made on the

mar&esto be eaft fide of the faid cut; except that part of it which extends tbe eaft fide, from the head of Enfield Mill Stream to Newman*s JFeirm Nothing to LXVIII. Provided alfo, and be it enalled. That nothing in prejudice the this all contained (hall extend to authorize or impower the faid river Stort. truftees to do any all or alls whereby to prejudice, or render in-effellual, the navigation of the river Stort.

Navigation to LXIX. And be it enalled. That the faid navigation (hall be free. from henceforth be a free navigation, and that all the King’s liege people whomfoever (hall and may have, and lawfully enjoy, free paffage along, in, through, and upon, the channel of the faid river, and fuch new cuts and canals as aforefaid, with and for boats, barges, lighters, and other veficls; and alfo the ufe of the towing or haling-paths, and all other neceflary and convenient liberties for navigating the fame, without any let, hindrance, or obftrullion, from any perfon or perfons whomfoever; fubjcll nevertheless to the payment of fuch rates atld duties as, by the tenor and true meaning of this all, are or ought to be paid to the faid truftees, or fuch perfon or perfons as they, or any feven or more of them, lhall appoint to collell the fame; and alfo fubjeA to the orders and bye-laws which (hall be, from time to time, made by the faid truftees, or any feven or more of them, for the regulation of the faid navigation.

Truftees to LXX. And be it further enalled. That the faid truftees, or pay proprie- any five or more of them, (hall, and they are hereby required ^ to pay, or caufe to be paid, out of the monies to be raifed and pdiage of	by	virtue	of	this	aH» to the Several and rcfpdttvc owners

1766.] Anno feptimo Georgii III. 0.51.

^nd proprietors, or occupiers, of any weir, turnpike, lock, cittern, or other place, upon the faid river, where fuch refpedive owners and proprietors, or occupiers, have heretofore refpedively taken any fum of money for the aiding or affifting any boat, barge, lighter, or other veflel, in the parting up or down the faid river, fuch fum and fums of money as the faid owners and proprietors, or occupiers, have refpedively ufually taken at fucn refpedive weirs, turnpikes, locks, citterns, or other places, for the parting of every fuch boat, barge, lighter, or other veflel, that (hall pals up or aown the faid river, until the contrads aforefaid, which the faid truttees, or any feven or more of them, are by this a& impowered to enter into, (hall be carried into execution, or until fuch owners and proprietors, or occupiers refpedively, (hall have received fatisfadion for the fame, in manner herein before prefcribed.

LXXI. Provided always, and be it further enaded, That the faid (everal and refpedive owners and proprietors, or occupiers, of any fuch weir, turnpike, lock, cittern, or other place, upon the faid river, (hall, until fuch contracts as aforefaid (hall have been carried into execution, or until fuch owners and proprietors, or occupiers refpedively, (hall have received fuch fatisfac-tion as aforefaid; and they are hereby required by themfelves, their agents, fervants, or workmen, to do and perform all and every fuch ads, matters, and things, as (hall be ncceflary for aiding and affifting boats, barges, lighters, and other veflels, in parting up or down the faid river, in the fame manner, and as effedually, as they have ufually done before the parting of this ad: and if any luch owner and proprietor, or occupier, (half refufe or negled to do or perform all fuch ads, matters, anc) things, as (hall be neceflaiy for the aiding and affifting the faid boats, barges, lighters, and other veflels, in parting up or dowq the faid river as aforefaid; every fuch owner and proprietor, or occupier, (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the ftun of forty (hillings.

LXXII. And be it further enaded. That no perfon (hall fit or ad as a truftee in any cafe where he (hall be in any wife di-redly or indiredly interefted or concerned in the matter or matters in queftion; and that no perfon, other than fuch as are truttees in refped of offices, (hall be qualified or capable of ad-ing as a trqftee by virtue of this ad, who (hall not be, in his own right, or in the right of his wife, in the adual pofleffion and enjoyment, or receipt, of the rents and profits of lands, tenements, or hereditaments, freehold or copyhold, of the clear yearly value of one hundred pounds: and in cafe any perfon (hall fit or ad, being fp interefted; or if any perfon who (haft be deemed unqualified, or made incapable for the caufes aforefaid, (hall neverthelefs prefume to ad; every fuch perfon (hall, fqr every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of fifty pounds, to be recovered, with full cofts of fuit, by any perfon or perfon* who (hall fue or profecute for the lame, by adion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majcfty’s courts of record

Oof	9t

563

boats, &c. till the contrads carried into execution.

Occupiers of locks and weirs to give the fame afliftance to the patting of boats as before the parting of the ad, until the works of navigation are completed.

Qualification oftruttee* •

56 4

Anno feptimo Georgii III. C.51.	[1766.

at Wefiminjler\ wherein no effoin, proteftion, or wager of law* or more than one imparlance, (hall be allowed; and upon any fuch fuit or profecution, the proof of fuch qualification (hall lie upon, and be made out of, by every truftee fo to be fued or pro-fecuted.

Firft meeting LXXIII. And be it further enafted, That the faid truftees, of truAeci. or any five or more of them, (hall meet on IVtinefday the firft day of July, one thoufand (even hundred and fixty feven, at a houfe known by the fign of the Rofe and Crown at Enfield High* way, in the parifh of Enfield in the county of Middlefex, and proceed to the execution of this aft; and the faid truftees, or any five or more of them, (hall afterwards hold a general meeting on the firft Monday in 7tine in every year; and the (aid truftees, or any five or more ofthem, aflembled at fuch firft and at any fub-fequent meeting, may, from time to time, adjourn and hold their meetings at fuch place and places as they, or any five or Notice to be more of them, (hall appoint: and if at any time a lufficient given of every number of truftees (hall not attend to aft or to adjourn the meet-uc meeting. thCy (hall, from time to time, as often as the cafe (hall b happen, be deemed adjourned until that day month to the fame place; and the treafurer, clerk, or furveyor, of the faid truftees, (hall caufe notice in writing or in print under his hand, of the time and place of holding every meeting, to be affixed on fome

Jublick place in the towns of Hertford, TVarey Stanfied, IValt-am Abbey, Enfield, Edmonton, Tottenham,, Hackney, Bow, and Stratford Langthorn, at leaft two days before every fuch meeting, unlefs the bufinefs to be tranfafted at any meeting, of which fuch notice has been given as aforefaid, (hall not be concluded on the day mentioned in fuch notice; in which cafe the truftees, or any five or more of them, may, from time to time, adjourn to the fuccecding day, or, if fuch day be Sunday, to the day after, and in like manner from day to day, and may meet again at the fame or any other convenient place, and proceed in fuch bufinefs until the fame is finilhed, without any notice to be given of the meetings held by fuch adjournments; but no meeting (hall be held by virtue of this aft at any place which is above ten miles diftant from the faid river; and the truftees at all their meetings (hall defray their own expences; and no truftee or truftees (hall be impowered to do any matter or thing in the execution of this aft, otherwife than at a meeting to be held in purfuance hereof; No order to be and that no order or determination of the faid truftees, or any repealedonlefs five or more of them, (hall be revoked or altered, unlefs feven 7 tr*iflees, be truftees (hall be prefent, and concur therein, truftees may LXXIV. And be it enafted, That all fuch truftees as are aft as juftices. juftices of the peace may aft as juftices of the peace in the execution of this aft, notwithftanding their being truftees.

LXXV. And be it further enafted. That upon the death oc refignation of any truftee hereby appointed or hereafter to be elefted, the furviving truftees, or any feven or more of them, (hall and may, from time to time, at any general meeting of the faid truftees, whereof ten days notice (hall at leaft be given in

fome

On death of tiuftees, o-thers to be Chofen.

5*5

1766.] Anno feptimo Georgii III. c. 51.'

•fomc publick news paper, eleCt in the (lead of every fuch truftee deceafed or religning one other perfon to be a truftee, who at the time of his election (hall be living or refiding in the county where fuch deceafed truftee or the truftee refigning did at the time of election, nomination, or appointment, live or refute; and every perfon fo elected (hall have the fame authorities and powers as if he had been named a truftee in this aCt.

LXXVI. And be it further enabled. That the faid truftees, p0wertoap-or any feven or more of them, (hall, by writing under their point officers! hands, from time to time, appoint fuch perfon or perfons at they (hall think fit to be collector or collectors of the rates or du*-ties hereby granted or authorized to be taken; and alfo a trea-furer or treasurers to receive all monies arifing by virtue of this aCt, or of the faid recited aCt (fuch treafurers and collectors giving fecurity to the fatisfaCtion of the faid truftees, or any feven or more of them, for the due execution of their refpeCtive offices) and fuch collector or collectors, and all other perfons who have had or received by virtue of the faid recited aCt, or who fhall at any time or times hereafter have or receive any money by virtue of this aCt, (hall, from time to time, pay over all the monies fo collected or received into the hands of the faid trea-furer or treafurers at fuch times and in fuch manner as the faid truftees, or any feven or more of them, (hall direCt and appoint; and the faid truftees, or any feven or more of them, may alfo appoint a clerk or clerks, and fuch other officers as they (hall think fit to employ in the execution of this aCt, and may allow to fuch treafurers, collectors, clerks, and other officers, fuch falaries or recompence out of the monies to be raifed or paid by virtue of this aCt, as they the faid truftees, or any feven or more of them, (hall think reafonable; and all fuch officers (hall be, from time to time, removeable at the will and pleafure of the faid truftees, or any feven or more of them; and the faid truftees, w|,0 m tolc-r or any five or more of them, (hall, and may, from time to time, count upon and at fuch times as they (hall think proper, fummon before oath, them, and if they think fit examine upon oath (which oath any two of the faid truftees are hereby impowered to adminifter)- all or any of the (aid treafurers, collectors, clerks, and all other officers and perfons employed in, or intrufted with, the receipt or expenditure of all or any of the monies received by virtue of the faid recited ad, or to be raifed or received by virtue of this aCt; and every fuch treafurer, collector, clerk, and other officer and perfon as aforefaid, is hereby required to render to the faid truftees, or any five or more of them, a true, exaCt, and perfect account in writing, of all and every fum and fums of money fo by him refpeCtively received or expended as aforefaid: and in officersrefufc cafe any or either of fuch treafurers, collectors, clerks, or other ing to account officers or perfons, (hall be found in arrear, or refufe to account, m?y he com-or to pay the money due upon the balance of fuch account, ac-cording to the orders and directions of the faid truftees, or any five or more of them; it (hall and may be lawful for the faid tjruftees, or any five or more of them, by warrant or warrants 4	‘	under



566

Anno feptimo Georgii IIL c. 51.	[1766,

under their hands and feals, to levy by diftrefs and (ale of the, goods and chatties of the perfon or perfons fo found in arrearor refilling to account, or to pay the money due upon the balance of fuch account, fuch fum or Aims of money as he or they (hall be required to account for, or as (hall be found due upon tne balance of his or their account or accounts; and for want of fuffi-cient diftrefs, it (hall be lawful for any one or more jufticeor jufticcs of the peace for the county or place where fuch offender or offenders (hall then be or refide, upon proof made of all or any of the offences aforefaid, by warrant or warrants under his or their hand and feal, or hands and feals, to commit fuch of-fender or offenders to the common gaol of the county or place wherein fuch offender or offenders (hall then be or refide, there to remain without bail or mainprize until he or they (hall have made a true and perfect account, and paid fuch monies as (hall appear to be remaining in his or their hands to the faid truftees, or any five or more of them, or according to their appointment, or (hall have compounded for the fame, and paid fuch compo-fition-monies, which compoiition the faid truftees, or any five or more of them, are hereby impowered to make; or fuch truftees, or any five or more of them, may, and are hereby impowered to bring, or caufe to be brought, any adtion or actions, in the name or names of any one or more of them, or in the name of their treafurer or clerk, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at fVeJlminJler, againft any fuch officer or perfon fo rc* fuiing, negledting, or making default as afore&id, for the recovery of the monies that (hall be in the hands of fuch officer or other perfon refpedttvely.

Treafurer,	LXX VII. And be it further enadled, That if any perfon, whq

clerk, &c. to hath been or (hall be appointed a treafurer, or receiver, col-deliver book* ledor, clerk, furveyor, or other officer as aforefaid, (hall refufe triSk10g t0 thC or ncg^ to deliver up to the faid truftees, or any five or more of them, being thereunto required by the faid truftees, or any five or more of them, either by a perfonal demand, or by writing under their hands, left at the lad ufual place of abode of fuch treafurer or receiver, colledtor, clerk, furveyor, or other officer, at a certain time and place to be appointed, all the books, papers, and writings, in his or their cuftody or power relating to the trufts and powers by the faid recited a& or this adl granted to the faid truftees, it (hall and may be lawful for one or more juftice or juftices of the peace, on the complaint of the faid truftees, or any five or more of them, by warrant under their hands and feals, to commit fuch perfon or perfons to the common gaol of the county wherein he or they (hall dwell, there to remain without bail or mainprize, until he or they (hall deliver, or caufe to be delivered, to the faid truftees, or any five or more of them, or to their order, all or any of the faid books, papers, and writings, or (hall have given an account thereof to the fa-tisfadtion of the faid truftees, or any five or more of them.

LXXV11I. And whereas by the faid recited a<7, pajfei in the,

twelfth year of the reign tjf his late Maje/Iy> it is% among other

’’..........

1766.3 Anno feptitno Georgii IIL C. 51;	567

things, entitled^ That the governor and company of the New River Jhdl pay, or caufe to be paid, unto fucb perfon and perfons as the truflees appointed in or by virtue of the fold att9 or any ten or more of them, Jhouldy from time to time, by writing under their hands9 apt pointy the feveral yearly fums of money in the faid atl particularly mentioned) in the manner and at the times therein mentioned; which faid yearly fums were directed to be applied for the better prefervation and improvement of the navigation of the rtver Lee, as therein men -timed, and for pur chafing) building, or hiring, locks or weirs upon the faid river, and for other the purpofes in the faid aft mentioned; be it therefore further enaded, That from and after the palling of this act, the faid governor and company (hall pay, or caufe New River to be paid, to the faid truftees appointed in or by virtue of this company to a6l, or any five or more of them, or to fuch perfon or perfons j?ay ccrt*|® as they, or any feven or more of them, (hall, from time to time,	#

by writing under their hands, appoint, and at fuch time or times as in the faid a<5t is appointed for payment thereof, the faid feve-ral yearly fums of money, and all arrears thereof; and the faid feveral yearly fums of money, or annual payments, and all arrears thereof, (hall be, and the fame are hereby, veiled in the faid truflees appointed in or by virtue of this adl, and (hall be by them, or any five or more of them, from time to time, applied to the ufes and for the purpofes of this a<5t; and the faid truftees, or any five or more of them, (hall be, and they are hereby, veiled with the Dune powers and authorities for the demanding and recovering the faid feveral yearly fums of money or annual payments, or nny part or parts thereof which (hall be behind or unpaid, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purpofes, as the fame are given to, or veiled in, the truftees appointed in or by virtue of the faid recited a&.

LXXIX. And be it further enabled. That it (hall and may be Truftees to lawful to and for the faid truftees appointed in or by virtue of fettle ac-this adt, or any five or more of them, to fettle and adjuft with counts with the treafurer, clerk, or any other officer or officers of the truftees	under the

appointed by virtue of the faid recited adl, or any other perfon former a &f or perfons whomfoever, any accounts depending between them and to pay tho refpedtively, and the laid truftees appointed by the faid recited balance, a<51; and out of the monies to be raifed or paid by virtue ofthi9 a<5t, to pay all fucb fums of money as (hall be coming due on the balance of fuch accounts from the truftees appointed by virtue of the faid recited acl, to the perfon or perfons to whom the fame (hall appear to be due; which payments (hall be an effectual discharge to the truftees appointed by the laid recited a&: and that all and every fum and fums of money now or at any time hereafter to be due or owing from fuch treafurer, clerk, or other officer or officers, or any other perfon or perfons, to the faid truftees appointed by virtue of the (aid recited a<5l; and all fecurities for money, belonging to fucb truftees, in the hands of fuch treafurer or other perfon or perfons, are hereby vefted in the faid truftees appointed in or by virtue of this a&, to be by them, or any five or more of them* from time to time, applied h	1	for

Anno feptimo Georgii III. c. 51.'	[1766.	|

for the purpofes of this ad; and the faid truftees, or any five cf ^ more of them, are hereby authorized and impowered to dc- | mand, fue for, and recover, all and every fuch fecurities for money, and all monies due or to grow due thereon, as folly and effe&ually, to all intents and purpofes, as the truftees appointed in or by virtue of the faid recited a£t could or might have done, in cafe this aA had not been made.

What rates LXXX. And be it further enaAed, That at fuch place and and duties places upon or adjoining to the faid river, or cuts or canals, as (hall be taken, the faid truftees, or any fevcn or more of them, (hall, under their hands and feals, appoint, there (hall be paid to the collector or colleAors appointed by the faid truftees, or any fevcn or more *	of them, by all and every perfon and perfons who (hall carry or

convey any goods, wares, merchandizes, or commodities what-foever, up or down the faid river, or cuts or canals (except as herein after is excepted) fuch fum or films of money as the (aid truftees, or any feven or more of them, (hall, upon due confi-deration of the expences attending the execution of this aft, from time to time, and at all times hereafter, think proper to appoint, not exceeding the following rates and duties (that is to fay)	1

For every chaldron of coals, culm* or cinders, that (hall be ] carried or conveyed through King's Weir% or through the lock I which (hall be made or ereAed at or neareft to the faid weir, eight pence: and for every ton of other goods, wares, merchandizes, and commodities whatfoever, that (hall be carried or conveyed through the faid weir or lock, fix pence; and fo in proportion for any greater or lefler quantity or weight than a chaldron or ton.

And for every chaldron of coals, culm, or cinders, which (hall be carried or conveyed through Newmans fVeir% or through the lock which (hall be made or ere&ed at or neareft tq the kid *	weir, eight pence: and for every ton of other goods, wares,

t	merchandizes, and commodities whatfoever, that (nail be carried

or conveyed through the faid weir or lock, fix pence; and fo in proportion for any greater or lefler quantity or weight than a chaldron or ton.

And for every chaldron of coals, culm, or cinders, which (hall be carried or conveyed through Lee Bridge, or through any lock which (hall be made or ereAed in the new cut below the faid bridge, four pence: and for every'ton of other goods, wares, merchandizes, and commodities, that (hall be carried or conveyed through the faid bridge or lock, three pence; and fo in proportion for any greater or lefler quantity or weight than a chaldron or ton.

And for every chaldron of coals, culm, or cinders, which (hall be carried or conveyed on the cut which (hall be made from Brmley Lock into the river Thames, three pence: and for every ton of other goods, wares, merchandizes, and commodities, that (hall be carried or conveyed on the faid cut, two pfnee; and fo

1766.] Anno feptimo GBorgii III. c. 51.	569

n proportion for any greater or leffer quantity or weight than a chaldron or ton.

And for every pleafure boat which (hall pafs through either of the Taid locks or places, or on the faid cut which lhall be made from Bromley Lock into die river Thames, one (hilling,

LXXXI. Provided always. That five quarters of wheat, rye, beans, peas, and tares, (hall be allowed to a ton; fix quarters of barley to a ton; eight quarters of malt and oats to a ton ; eight facks of meal or flour, containing five bufhels each, to a ton ; and ten quarters of bran or pollard to a ton: and if any perfon or perfons hereby made fubje& to the payment of the faid rates and duties, or any of them, (hall not pay the fame, upon demand. thereof made by the collector or collectors appointed as afore(aid to collect the faid rates and duties, or any of them, fuch collector or collectors is and are hereby authorized and required to feize any fuch goods, wares, merchandizes, or commodities, and the boats, barges, lighters, or other vcflels carrying or conveying the lame, and fuch pleafure boats refpeCiively; and in cafe fuch rate and duty, or rates and duties, (hall not be paid within the fpace of four days next after fuch feizure, it (hall be lawful for fuch collector or collectors to fell fuch goods, wares, merchandizes, and commodities, boats, barges, lighters, and other vcflels, or pleafure boats; rendering the overplus (if any) to the perfon or perfons making default in payment as atorefaid, after the faid rate and duty, or rates and duties, together with the reafbnable charges of fuch feizure and fale, (hall be deducted and paid.

LXXXII. Provided always. That no tonnage rates or duties Exemptions, (hall be due, paid, or demanded, for any boat, barge, lighter, or other veflel, carrying only oil cakes, malt duft, pigeon dung, or manure of any kind whatfoever, on the faid river, or the (aid new cuts or canals, ojr any of them, or any part thereof; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

LXXXIII. Provided alfo. That if the cut or canal between Conditional Lee Bridge and Hackney Brook (hall not be made and perfected exemptions, within the fpace of fevcn years from the pafling of this aCt, the faid toils, duties, or rates, hereby directed to be paid between the faid bridge and the faid brook, (hall ceafe, determine, and be no longer paid.

LXXXIV. And) for the moreeafy eollefling the rates and duties Report to be hereby made payable, be it further enaCtcd, That every perfon made of loadhaving the charge of any boat, barge, lighter, or other veflel, ing by navi* which (hall pafs through any or either of the faid weirs or locks, 8ators* or bridge, or on the faid cut, (hall give an account, in writing, figned by himfelf, unto fuch perfon or perfons, and at fuch place and places as (hall, from time to time, be appointed by the faid truftees, or any (even or more of them, to receive the fame, of the quantity, quality, and weight, of the goods, wares, merchandizes, and commodities, which (hail be in fuch boat, barge, lighter, or other veflel, at the time the fame (hall pafs

through

ffyo	Anno	fepdtooGioRGn	IH.	c.5*.'	fj

thtnagh the find weir, lock, bridge, or on the UdMt or

of the quantity, quality, and weight, of the goods, wares, chandizes, ana commodities, winch Anil have beendifc! ■ or taken out of inch boat, barge, lighter, or other veflei, the arrival thereef at the place where fitch account is tohe j and in failure of giving fuch account, or in cafe a falfe a (hall be given, every (uch perfen (hall, for evay filch o forfeit and pay the fom of -five pounds 1 and s-anydil (hall arife between any'colledor of the (kid rates and data •the perfen having thocharge of my boat, barge, IMbter.o veflei, or the owner of any goode, wares, tnerdmndiaes,o modities therein, concerning the quantity,' quality, or 1 •of.the feme, it (hall be lawful far fuch cnUe&or to Hop a .tain any fuch boat, barge* lighter, or other veflei, and to meafure, gauge, or number, or caafe-to be .weighed, are gauged, or nutnbered, *U fach goods, wares, tnerdiandin ■commodities} and in cafe the fame (hall appear tu be of s; quantity or weight, or other quality, than fuch perfen d the fame to he, in every fuch cafe, nich perfen dull pay tfa and charges of fuch weighing}' meafuring, -gauging, and bering; and the faid coin and chargee, and penalty* upa .fill of payment thereof, on deipand, fhall and may be rec in-the feme manner .a* the rates and duties hereby gnu* appointed to be recovered} but if fuch goods, wares, me dices, or commodities, (hall appear to be of no greater si <or weight, or of no other quality, than (hall bnVe been | .in fuch account, then fiich.cofle&or (had pay Inch cal charges; and (hall alfe pay to fuch perfen, or to the-on owners of fuch goods, wares, merchandise*, or commc two (hillings and fix pence for every hour that fuch boat, lighter, or other veflei, (hall be detained upon account t ■weighing, meafuring, gauging, or numbering, and fo m f -tion for any greater or lefler time than one hour} and in < of immediate payment thereof, the fame (hall be levied ftrefs and fale of the goods snd chatties of fuch colled warrant under the hand and feal of any juflice of the pe either of the counties of Hertford* EJJfx, or AliidJtftx j r ing the overplus (if any) to the owner or owners thereof the faid payment and charges of fuch diftrefs and (ale II deducted.

Monies to be LXXXV. And be it further enabled. That all fiunsef i sailed vetted to be raifed or paid by virtue of this ad (hall be, and th in.tbe tru-	hereby, veiled in the bid truftees, and (hall be applied,

***** •	firft place, in difcharging the expences incurred in, and i

lationto, the obtaining this ad; and afterwards, inpayb feveral annual payments herein before directed to be madi in performing the feveral com rads and agreements eotere -by the faid truftees, or any (even or more of them, in pud thereof; and for improving, completing, and maintainiiM (aid navigation, and carrying this ad, and the feveral prorfi powers, and anthorities, herein contained, into effeaud <1 tioii, and to no other uf* or purpofe whatfoever.

L xxm

1766.] Anno feptimo Georgii III. c. 51.	571

v LXXXVI. And in order to ratfe a fufficient Jim of money for the Truftees may fpeedy execution of this afty be it further enadted, That it (hall and b£rrow mo* may be lawful for the faid truftees, or any feven or more of them, ncy* from time to time, to alfign over the rates and duties arifing by virtue of this adt, and alfo any fum or fumsof money by this 'Sdl made payable to, or vefted in, the faid truftees, or any part or parts thereof; the cofts and charges of afligning the fame to be paid out of fuch rates and duties, or fum or fums of moi.jy, as a fecurity for any fum or fums of money to be borrowed, with intereft for the fame, to fuch perfon or perfons as (hall advance the fame, or their truftee or truftees: and all and every perfon ‘and perfons to whom the faid truftees, or any feven or more of 'them, (hall, at any time or times, make fuch aflignment or af-fignments, (hall oe equally intitled to their proportion of the faid rates and duties, or fum or fums of money, according to ;the refpedtivc fums in fuch aifignments mentioned to be advanced, to fecure the repayment thereof, with intereft as afore* laid, without any preference by reafon of priority of aflignment, or on any other account whatsoever; and the money fo borrow- Application ed (hall be applied in fuch manner as the faid rates and duties, and fum and'fums of money are herein before directed to be ap- orro plied, and to no other ufe or purpofe; and an entry or memorial of every fuch aflignment, containing the date, names of the

Parties, and fums of money, (hall be made in a book or books o be kept for that purpofe by the clerk or clerks, treafurer or treafurers, to the faid truftees; which faid book or books, (hall and may be perufed at all feafonable times by all perfons whom-foever without fee or reward; and all and every perfon or perfons, to whom any fuch aflignment or aflignments (hall be made as* aforefaid, or wno (hall be intitled to the money thereby recured, may, from time to time, aflign or transfer his, her, or their right, title, intereft, or benefit, to the principal and inte-ireft thereby fccured, or any part or parts thereof, to any perfon or perfons whomfoever; which faid transfer or aflignment, (hall be produced and notified to the clerk or clerks, treafurer or treafurers, who (hall caufe an entry or memorial to be made of fuch aflignment or transfer, containing the date, names of the parities, and the fums of money therein transferred, in the faid book or books to be kept for the entering the faid original aflign-ments, for which the faid clerk or clerks, treafurer or treafurers,

(hall be paid fuch fums as the faid truftees, or any feven or more of them, (hall appoint, not exceeding the fuin of two ihiilings and fix pence; and fuch entry being made, but not till 'then, every fuch aflignment (hall intitle fuch afiignee, his, her,

'or their executors, adminiftrators, and afligns, to the benefit 'thereof and payment thereon; and fuch afugnees may in like manner aflign again, and fo toties quoties; and it (hall not be in * the power of fuch perfon or perfons who (hall have made fuch ] aflignment, to make void, releafe, or difeharge the fame, or any * monies thereby fecured, or any part thereof.

LXXXVII. And be it further enadted, That in cafe the faid truftees, or any feven or more of them, (hall alfo think it pro- annuities for

per lives.

T$jo	Anno	feptitno	Georgii	III.	c.	51.	[1766.

through the faid weir, lock, bridge, or on the faid cut; and allb of the quantity, quality, and weight, of the goods, wares, merchandizes, ana commodities, which (hall have been difeharged or taken out of fuch boat, barge, lighter, or other veffel, before the arrival thereof at the place wheFe fuch account is to be given; and in failure of giving fuch account, or in cafe a falfe account (hall be given, every fuch perfon (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay the fum of five pounds; and if any difference (hall arife between any collector of the faid rates and duties, and the perfon having the charge of any boat, barge, lighter, or other veflel, or the owner of any goods, wares, merchandizes, or commodities therein, concerning the quantity, quality, or weight, of the fame, it (hail be lawful for fuch colle&or to ftop and de-. tain any fuch boat, barge, lighter, or other veflel, and to weigh, meafure, gauge, or number, or caufe to be weighed, meafurcd, gauged, or numbered, all fuch goods, wares, merchandizes, and commodities; and in cafe the fame (hall appear to be of a greater quantity or weight, or other quality, than fuch perfon declared the fame to be, in every fuch cafe, fuch perfon (hall pay the cods and charges of fuch weighing, meafuring, gauging, and numbering; and the faid cofts and charges, and penalty, upon refu-fal of payment thereof, on detpand, (hall and may be recovered in the feme manner as the rates and duties hereby granted are appointed to be recovered; but if fuch goods, wares, merchandizes, or commodities, (hall appear to be of no greater quantity or weight, or of no other quality, than (hall have been fpecitkd in fuch account, then fuch colledor (hall pay fiich cofts and charges; and (hall alfo pay to fuch perfon, or to the owner or owners of fuch goods, wares, merchandizes, or commodities, two (hillings and fix pence for every hour that fuch boat, barge, lighter, or other veflel, (hall be detained upon account of fuch weighing, meafuring, gauging, or numbering, and fo in proportion for any greater or letter time than one hour; and in default of immediate payment thereof, the fame (hall be levied by di-ftrefs and faie of the goods and chatties of fuch colle&or, by warrant under the hand and feal of any juftice of the peace of either of the counties of Hertford\ Effete or Midiltftx\ rendering the overplus (if any) to the owner or owners thereof, after the faid payment and charges of fuch diftrefs and fale (hall be deduced.

Monie? to be LXXXV. And be it further enabled. That all fums of money raifcit vetted to be raifed or paid by virtue of this a<5l (hall be, and they are in the tru-	hereby, vetted in the faid truftees, and (hall be applied, in the

ftccSi	firft place, in difeharging the expences incurred in, and in re-

lation to, the obtaining this a<5t; and afterwards, in paying the feveral annual paymenrs herein before dire&ed to be made, and in performing the feveral contra&s and agreements entered into by the faid truftees, or any (even or more of them, in purfuance thereof; and for improving, completing, and maintaining, the faid navigation, and carrying this alt, and the feveral pronfions, powers, and anthorities, herein contained, intoeffedhial execution, and to no other uf$ or purpofe whatfoever.

LXXXVI. And

1766.] Anno feprimo Georgii III. c. 51.	571

% LXXXVI. And in order to ratft a fufficient Jim of money for the Truftees may 'fpeedy execution of this aft* be it further enafted, That it (hall and borrow m{J' may be lawful for the faid truftees, or any feven or more of them, ncy# from time to time, to alfign over the rates and duties arifing by virtue of this aft, and alfo any fum or fums of money by this aft made payable to, or veiled in, the faid truftees, or any part Or parts thereof; the cofts and charges of alligning the fame to be paid out of fuch rates and duties, or fum or fums of moi.jy, as a fecurlty for any fum or fums of money to be borrowed, with intereft for the fame, to fuch perfon or perfons as (hall advance the fame, or their truftee or truftees: and all and every perfon and perfons to whom the faid truftees, or any feven or more of 'them, (hall, at any time or times, make fuch aflignment or af-fignmerits, (hall De equally inti tied to their proportion of the faid rates and duties, or fum or fums of money, according to the refpeftive fums in fuch aflignments mentioned to be advanced, to fecure the repayment thereof, with intereft as afore-laid, without any preference by reafon of priority of aflignment* or on any other account whatfoever; and the money fo borrow- Application ed (hall be applied in fuch manner as the faid rates and duties, *hc ^ncy and fum and'fums of money are herein before direfted to be ap- orrow plied, and to no other ufe or purpofe; and an entry or memorial of every fuch aflignment, containing the date, names of the parties, and fums of money, (hall be made in a book or books to be kept for that purpofe by the clerk or clerks, treafurer or treafurers, to the faid truftees; which faid book or books, (hall and may be perufed at all feafonable times by all perfons whom* foever without fee or reward; and all and every perfon or perfons, to whom any fuch aflignment or adignments (hall be made as aforefaid, or wno (hall be intitled to the money thereby fecured, may, firom time to time, aflign or transfer his, her, or their right, title, intereft, or benefit, to the principal and intereft thereby fecured, or any part or parts thereof, to any perfon or perfons whomfoever; which faid transfer or aflignment, (hall be produced and notified to the clerk or clerks, treafurer or treafurers, who (hall caufe an entry or memorial to be made of fuch aflignment or transfer, containing the date, names of the parties, and the fums of money therein transferred, in the faid book or books to be kept for the entering the faid original aflign-ments, for which the faid clerk or clerks, treafurer or treafurers,

(hall be paid fuch fums as the faid truftees, or any feven or more of them, (hall appoint, not exceeding the fum of two (hillings and fix pence; and fuch entry being made, but not till then, every fuch aflignment (hall intitle fuch aflignee, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, and afligns, to the benefit thereof and payment thereon; and fuch afiignees may in like manner aflign again, and fo toties quoties; and it (hall not be in ‘ the power of fuch perfon or perfons who (hall have made fuch 'aflignment, to make void, releafe, or difeharge the fame, or any monies thereby fecured, or any part thereof.	_

LXXXVII. And be it further enafted. That in cafe the find tfuftees, or any feven or more of them, (hall alfo think it pro- mnnuiuCi for

per lives.

Anno feptimo Ge&rgii III. c. 51.	[1766.

per and advifcable to raife money, for the more fpeedy execu, tion of this adt, upon the rates and duties, or fum or fums aforefaid, by way of annuities for lives, it (hall and may be lawful for the faid truftees, or any feven or more of them, fo to do ; and it (hall and may be lawful to and for any perfon or perfons to contribute, advance, and pay, into the hands of the faid truftees, or any feven or more of them, or fuch perfon or perfons as they, or any feven or more of them, (hall, by any writing under , their hands and Teals, authorize to receive the fame, for the ufes before mentioned, any futn or fums of money, for the abfolute purchafe of one or more annuity or annuities, to be paid and payable during the full term of the natural life of every contributor, or the natural life of any perfon who (hall be nominated by or on behalf of fuch contributor, at the time of payment of their refpe&ive contribution-monies; which annuity or annuities fhall nor exceed the rate of eight pounds per centum per annum, and fo in proportion for anv greater or letter fum to be advanced and paid as aforefaid : all which faid annuity or annuities, fo to be purchafed as aforefaid (hall be payable and paid by the faid truftees, or any five or more of them, in fuch place as they, or any feven or more of them, (hall, for that purpofe, appoint, at or upon the four mod ufual feafts or days of payment in the year, by even and equal portions ; the firft payment to begin and be made to the refpedtive purchafcrs, or their afligns, at or on fuch of the feafts j aforefaid as (hall firft happen next after the payment of the refpedtive monies.	|

Purchafcrs	LXXX VIII. And be it further enabled. That there (hall be I

entercd^na Provided bY the faid truftees, or any five or more of them, and j book, m kept in fuch place as they the faid truftees, or any five or more | 9	of them, (hall appoint, a book or books, in which (hall be fair- |

ly written in words at length the names and furnames, with the proper additions and places of abode of all fuch perfons as (hall be purchafers of any of the annuities aforefaid, and of all perfons by whofe hands the faid purchafers (hall pay in any and the fums fum or fums of money upon the credit of this adt; ana a!fo the paid by them, furn and fUmS fo paid for the purchafe of fuch annuities, and *c#	the refpedtive days of payment thereof; to which book and

books it (hall and may be lawful for the refpedhve purchafcrs, and their afligns, from time to time, and at all feafonable N times, to have rccourfe, and infpcdl the fame without fee or reward.

Contributors LXXXIX. And be it further enadted, That ail and every to be intituled tjie annuities, fo to be purchafed by virtue of this adt, (hall fo/hfo1116* be> anc* are herebY declared to be, charged upon the rates and duties, or fum or fums of money, herein before mentioned, fubjedl to fuch aflignments as aforefaid, and (hall be paid and payable, from time to time, out of the fupply of the monies arifing by the fame, after payment of the intereft of the fe-veral fums of money to be borrowed at intereft upon the credit of the rates and duties as aforefaid; and all aod every

the

573

1765-] Anno fcptimo Georgn III. c. 51.'

>he contributor and contributors upon the credit of this ad, or fuch perfon or perfons as he or they (hall •appoint) and his and their refpedive afligns, (hall be intitled, by virtue of this ad, to have, receive, and enjoy, the refpedive annuity or annuities, fo to be purchafed as aforefaid, during the term of the natural life of the perfon to be nominated by each fuch pur-chafer and contributor as before mentioned ; and that all and every iuch purchafer and purchafers, and their afligns ref-pedively, (hall have good, lure, abfolute, and indefeafible eftates and interefts in the annuities fo by them refpediveiy to be purchafed, according to the tenor and true meaning of this ad; and that none of the faid annuities (hall be fubjed or liable to the taxes charged upon lands by authority of parliament*

XC. And be it further enaded, That every contributor up- Contributors on this ad, for the purchafe of any fuch annuity or annuities to.havc re-as aforefaid, his, her, or their afligns, upon payment of the orde^for consideration or purchafe-money for the lame, or any part or payment, proportion thereof, into the hands of the (aid truftees, or any feven or more of them, or to fuch perfon or perfons as they, or any feven or more of them, (hall, for that purpofe, appoint, (hall have one or more receipt or receipts, importing the receipt of fuchpur-chafe-money as (hall be fo paid; and upon payment of all thepur-ebafe-money for any fuch annuity or annuities, at the rate atore-faid, every fuch contributor, his, her, or their afligns refpec-tively, (hall have an order on parchment or vellum (which may be made without (lamps thereon) for payment of the faid an* nuity or annuities, for and during the natural life of fuch perfon as (hall be fo nominated as aforefaid} which order (hall be figned by the faid truftees, or any feven or more of them ; and after the (igning thereof, the fame (hall, by virtue of this ad, be firm, good, valid, and effedual, in law, according to the import and true meaning thereof, and of this ad.

XCI. And be it further enaded. That it (hall and may be Annuities lawful to and for the purchafer or purchafers of any fuch an-*?**? ** nuity or annuities as aforefaid, and his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, or afligns, at any time or times, by writing under his, her, or their hands and feals (without any (lamps thereupon) to aflign fuch annuity or annuities, or any part thereor, or intereft therein, to any perfon or perfons whomfo-ever, and fo toties quoties ; and a memorandum or entry of all Memorandum fuch aflignments (hall be made in a book, which is required to1® be made be kept for that purpofe in fuch place where the faid truftees, 0rthcreot * any five or more of them, (hall appoint, for which entry or memorandum the fum of two (hillings and fix pence (hall be paid, and no more ; and fuch book may, at all feafonable times, be infpeded by any perfon or perfons interefted therein.

XCII. Provided always. That no fuch alignment (hall beotberwife in-deemed good or effedual, until fuch entry or memorandum effis&ual.

(hall be made in fuch book as aforefaid ; and all fuch annuitants, and their refpedive afligns, (hall be creditors in equal degree, without preference in refped of the priority of his, her, or their, advancing the money on their refpedive (ecurities.

Vol. XXVII.	Pp	XCIII.An*

574

Annuitants remedy for arrears

Bridges to cr cited.

Tunnels to be laid.

Anno fcptlmo Gborgii III. o 51.'	[1766.

XCm. And be it further enadted, That the faid rates and4 duties, and fum and fums of money, (hall be chargeable with and for the payment of all and every fuch annuity or annuities,

' and all arrears thereof, from time to time, fubjedt and in manner aforefaid; and (hall, upon default of payment of any fuch annuity, or any part thereof, within the fpace of thirty days next alter any ot the times when the fame (halt be maoe payable, veft in the annuitant or annuitants, or fuch perfon or pcr-fons to whom the fame (hall be afligned as aforefaid, fubjed as aforefaid, until the fame (hall be fully paid and fatisfied, together with intereft, and the cods and charges occafioned by the non-payment of the fame 5 and that the (kid annuitant or annuitants, or fuch perfon or perfons to whom the fame (hall be afligned as aforefaid, in cafe the faid annuities (hall be in ar-rear and unpaid by the fpace of flxty days as aforefaid, and until ,full payment thereof, with the intereft and charges as aforefaid, (hall have the fame powers and authorities for demanding, collecting, and recovering, the faid rates and duties, and receiving the faid fum and fums of money, as are by this a<5t granted to the faid truftees, their collectors, or receivers, or any of them, fubjeCt nevertheless as aforefaid.

XCIV. And be it further enaCted, That the faid truftees, or any five or more of them, (hall caufe to be made, fet up, and, from time to time, maintained and kept in repair, convenient, and fubftantial gates, bridges, paflages, and ftiles, in and over all the ditches and fences in the towing-paths, to be ufed for the purpofes of this aCt, where the fame (hall refpe&iveiy be neceflarv ; and alfo fuch bridges over the new cuts, trenches, and paflages, as (hall be proper for the ufe of the occupiers of the lands, tenements, and hereditaments, thereunto adjoining; and alfo that if the faid truftees, or any five or more of them, (hall think proper to caufe the faid river to be deepened in any part or parts, fo as to render any ufual and common fords and highways impaflable or dangerous; in every fuch cafe the faid truftees, or any five or more of them, (hall firft caufe a fufficient bridge or bridges to be ereCted, or fuch other conveni-encies to be made as the faid truftees, or any five or more of them, (hall judge proper, where fuch fords or highways now are, or as near thereto as conveniently may be; and (hall, from time to time, maintain and keep the faid bridges or conve-niencies in repair for the accommodation of all perfons having occalion to pafsover the fame ; and alfo, if the (aid truftees, or any five or more of them, (hall find it neceflary to raife any banks upon the (ides of the faid river for towing-paths, or other-wife, whereby the waters may be prevented from going off, or overflowing the adjacent lands ; the faid truftees, or any five or more of them, (hall firft caufe fufficient tunnels to be laid through fuch banks fo to„be raifed at proper places for draining or overflowing the fame, and (hall, from time to time, keep fuch banks and tunnels in repair.

XCV. And be it further cnaCted, That (he (ieerfinao, or

other

ij66.J Anno feptimo GfioRon III. c. 51;	575

\ther perfon, having the care, charge, or management, of any Stcerfman to boat, barge, lighter, or other veffel, which (hall pafs upon lhe damans ^ faid river, cuts, or canals, (hall be anfwerable and (hail make aam • fatisfadlion for any damage, fpoil, or other mifehirf that (hall be done bv any fuch boat, barge, lighter, or other veffel, or by any perion or perfons belonging to, or employed in or about the fame refpe&ively, or by the horfes or fervants ufed or employed in haling or towing the fame, or by loading qr unloading any boat, barge, lighter, or other veffel, unto any of th& bridges, locks, (launches, dams, (luices, cuts, banks, or other works, that now are or (hall be ereCted and maintained, in, upon, or near the faid river or dreams, or cuts or canals; and alfo for any trefpafs or damage that (hall or may be done to any mills, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or any crop on the ground adjoining or .lying near to the faid river or dreams, or cuts or canals ; and it any fuch damage, fpoil, or mifehief (hall be done, the fame dull be enquirea into and determined by any judice of the peace for the county or place where fuch damage, fpoil, or mifehief (hall be done, or the faid deerfman or other perfon (hall dwell or be j who is hereby authorized and required, upon complaint or information made before him, to fummon the deerfman or other perfon having the care, charge or management, of fuch boat, barge, lighter, or other veffel, to appear before him5 and upon his, her, or their appearance, or making default to appear (proof being made upon oath before fuch judice, that the party neglecting to appear was per-fonally ferved with fuch fummons, or that the fame was left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their ufual place of a-bode, or at the ufual place of abode of the owner or owners of fuch boat, barge, lighter, or other veffel) fuch judice (hall proceed to examine into the truth of the faid complaint or information 5 and upon conviction of the party complained of, by proof upon the oath of one or more credible witnefs or witnefles, (hall a-ward and order fuch fum of money to be paid by fuch deerfman, or other perfon having the care, charge, or management as aforefaid, as a recompence for fuch damage, fpoil, or mifehief, as the faid judice (hall think proper5 and in default of immediate payment thereof, or fecurity being given for the payment thereof to the fatisfaCtion of the faid judice, it (hall and may be lawful to and for fuch judice to commit fuch deerfman, or other perfon having the care, charge, or management as aforefaid, to the common gaol or houfe of correction of the county, for any time not exceeding two months, or until fuch recompence (hall be paid.

XCVI. And be it further enaded. That if any perfon be- Pwddesion ing the deerfman, or having the care, charge, or management of any boat, barge, lighter, or other veffel, or navigating orpaffageof working the fame, (hall lay fuch boater veflel fo as to obdruCl boats, or be-the paflage of other boats or vefiels, and (hall not upon requed big abfent immediately remove the fame, or (hall hinder the opening or *roni bolt-(hutting of any of the (aid locks, cifterns, or (luices, or mall

Pp 2	bt

* »

Boats (talc to be weighed

The owner’s and fteerf-snan's names to be mentioned on the vcfiei*

Penalty on perfon* opening lock*, &cc.

Anno feptimo GeoRoiI III. e. 51.	[1766.

be abfent, unlefs by reafon of fome inevitable accident, fiom' the boat, barge, lighter, or other veflel, to which he belong*, at any time during the conrfe of the paflage of fiich boat, barge, lighter, or other veflel, on the faid river, or cuts or canals; every perfon fo offending as aforefoid (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit and pay any fum not exceeding forty (hillings.

XCVII. And be it further enafted, That if any boat, barge, lighter, or other veflel, (hall happen to be funk in the faid river, or cuts or canals, and the owner or perfon having the care thereof, (hall not without lofs of time weigh or draw up and haul the fame out of the way of other veflels palling upon the hid navigation, it (hall be lawful for any agent or fervant of the find truftees, to caufe fuch boat, barge, lighter, or other veflel, to be weighed or drawn Up, and to detain and keep the fome until payment-fhall be made of all expences occafioned thereby ; and if payment be not made in four days, fuch agent or fervant (half caufe (ale to be made thereof for reimburlmg the faid expences, or other incident charges, returning the overplus (if any be) to fuch owner or perfon.

XCVIII. And be it further enabled. That the owner or owners of every boat, barge, lighter, or other veflel, having goods on board, palling upon the faid river, or cuts, or canals, or any of them, or any part thereof, (hall caufe his, her, or their name or names, and alfo the name of the fteerfinan, or other perfon having the care or charge of every fuch boat, , barge, lighter, or other veflel, and their refpeCtive places of abode, to be placed and fet at full length in large capital letters and figures four inches long, and broad in proportion, on the upper part of the bow on both (ides of every fuch boat, barge, lighter, or other veflel, and painted white, fo that the fome Hull from time to time, and at all times, be plain and legible ; and in cafe any fuch owner or owners (hall not at all times have his, her, or their name or names, and alfo the name of the fteerf-man, or fuch other perfon or aforefaid, and their respective places of abode, fo fet or placed as aforefaid ; or of any perfon or perfons, having the care or charge of any boat, barge, lighter, or other veflel, palling; upon the laid river, or cuts or canals, into or through any or the fluices, locks, or citterns, Shall wilfully or negligently fet or leave open any of the gates, doors, doughs, or (lakers, belonging to any fuch fluice, lock, or cittern, whereby the water (hafi run warn to the hindrance or detriment of the faid navigation, or of any mill or lands; then, and, in every fuch cafe, every fuch owner or perfon fo neglecting or offending, (hall forfeit and pay the fum of five pounds.

XCIX. And be it further cnaCted, That if any perfon (hall malicioufly open, or caufe to be opened, any locks or doughs belonging to the faid navigation; or (hall leave any of the doughs running, after any boat, barge, lighter, or other veflel, (hall have paffed any lock belonging to the foid navigation; or

Shall

S77

1766.3 Anno {eptimo Georoii III. C. 51.

Nhall draw, or caufe to be drawn, any dough in the lock-gates on fuch navigation, fo as to mif-fpend or wafte the water, to the prejudice of the laid navigation, or of any mills or lands; every fuch perfon, for every fiich offence, (hall forfeit and pay any fum not exceeding five pounds.

C. And be it further enadted, That the faid trufiees, or any Commiffion-feven or more of them, (hall, from time to time, have full power and authority to make bye-laws, orders, and conftitu- y w*’ c* tions, for the good and orderly ufing of the laid navigation, for fettling the wages, and for the well-governing of the bargemen, watermen, and boatmen, who fhall convey or carry any goods, wares, or merchandizes, on any part thereof; and from time to time, to alter or repeal the lame; and to impofe fuch rea-fonable fines and forfeitures upon all perfons offending arainff fuch bye-laws, orders, or- confiitutions, as they the faid tru-ftees, or any feven or more of them fhall think fit j fuch fines and forfeitures to be levied by fuch ways and means as the faid trufiees, or any feven or more of them, fhall diredt, fo as no fuch fine fhall exceed the fum of five pounds upon any perfon for one offence; which faid bye-laws, orders, and confiitutions, being put into writing under the hands and feals of the laid tru-ftees, or any feven or more of them, fhall be binding to, and be obferved by, all parties, and fhall be fufficient in any court of law or equity to juftify all perfons who fhall ad under the lame, or in levying any penalty or forfeiture thereby incurred but any perfon or perfons thinking himfelf, herfelf, or them- Perfon* a;-felves, aggrieved by any order or judgement made or given in grieved ma? purfuance of any fuch bye-law, order, or confiitution, may, *ppe** *® *•» within fix months after fuch order or judgement fhall be made 2“^“ “r* or given, complain to thejufiices of the peace at their general ’ . or quarter feffions to be held for either of the faid counties of Hertford) Effex, or Middlefex, who fhall, in a fummary way, either hear and determine the faid complaint at fuch general quarter feffion, or, if they think proper, may adjourn the hear-- ing thereof to the next general or quarter feffion of the peace to be held for the faid county; and, if they fee caufe, may mitigate or alter fuch forfeiture, and may order any money to be returned which fhall have been paid or levied in purfuance of fuch bye-law, order, or confiitution, and may alio order fuch further fatisfadtion to be made, and give fuch cofts to the party injured, as they fhall judge reafonable.

Cl. And be it farther enadted, That the pecuniary fines, Penaltie* and penalties, and forfeitures, hereby inflidted, or authorized to be forfeiture* impofed, the recovery whereof is not herein before diredt ed,	n’

fhall be recovered by diftrefs and fale of the offender’s goods and chattels, by a warrant or warrants under the hand and feal, or hands and feals, of any jufiice or jufiices of the peace for any of the faid counties of Hertford., Effex, or and in cafe fufficient diftrefs fhall not be found, it fhall be lawful for any fuch jufiice or jufiices to commit fuch offender or offenders to the cojnmon gam or houfe of corredtion the county, there to

JP P 3	remain.

General appeal to the

Suarter fef-ons.

Penalty on giving falfe evidence.

Penalty on perfons deft roving the works.

Navigation to be exempted from taxes.

Anno feptimo Georgn III. c. 51[17

remain, without bail or mainprize, for any time not exceeding* three months, or until the faid fines, penalties, or forfeitures, (hall be paid; and that all fuch fines, penalties, or forfeitures, or any part or parts thereof, which are not herein before applied, (hall be paid into the hands of the treafurer or treafurers to the faid tTuftees, and applied for the purpofes of this adt.

CIL Provided always, and be it further enadted, That all perfons who (hall think themfelves aggrieved by the order or judgement of any juftice or juftices of the peace, upon account of any offence committed or fuppofed to be committed againft thisadt,may appeal to the juftices ofthe peace for either of the faid counties where the offence was committed, or fuppoled to be committed at any general quarter feffions of the peace to be held within the fpace of fix calendar months after fuch caufe of appeal (hall happen; the perfon or perfons fo appealing firft giving fecurity, to the fatisfadhon of the faid juftice or juftices, to profecute (uch appeal with eflfedt, and to pay the cofts which (hall be afeertained by the faid general quarter feftions, in cafe fuch order of judgement (hall be affirmed; and the juftices, at fuch general or quarter feffions, are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine fuch appeal, and to make fuch orders therein, and to award cofts, as to them (hall appear juft; which order (hall be final and conclufive to all parties, and (hall not be removed or removeable by any writ of Certiorari, or otherwife, into any of his Majefty’s courts of record, at WeflminRer^ or elfewhere; and that no order or proceeding to be had by or before any juftice or juftices of the peace relating to the execution of this adf, (hall be quafhed or vacated for want of form only.

CIII. And be it further enadted, That all and every peribn or perfons who, in any examination to be taken by virtue of this a(hall give falfe evidence before the faid truftees, or any of them, or before any juftice or juftices of the peace, (hall and may be profecuted for the fame; and, upon convidtion thereof, (hall be fubjeft to all the pains and penalties which perfons are or may be fubjedt to by th? laws of this kingdom for wilful and corrupt perjury,

CIV. And be it further enadted, That if any perfon or perfons (hall wilfully and malicioufiy cut, break down, damage, or deftroy, any banks or other works eredted or made, or to be eredted or made, for the purpofeis of the faid navigation5 fuch perfon or perfons (hall be adjudged guilty of felony, and (hall be fubjedt and liable to the like pains and penalties as in other cafes of felony; and the court by and before whom fuch perfon os perfons (hall be tried, (hall have full power *nd authority to tranfport fuch felon or felons for feven years, to fudi place and in fuch manner as. other felons are diredted to be tranfported by the laws and ftatutes of this realm.

C V. And be it further enadted, That the faid rates and duties (hall at all times here&fter be exempted from the payment of any taxes, rates, afleflinents, or impofitions whatsoever; any law or ftatute to the contrary nowithftanding.

? gVL A*f

)

* 1766.] Anno feptimo Georgii III. c. 51:

^ CVI. And be k further ena&ed, That all orders and pm- Proceedings ceedings of the faid truftees (hall be entered in a book or books [°|^£gCrei* to be kept for that purpofe; and fuch orders and proceedings,In 00 i# when entered, (hall be figned by the faid truftees, or any five or more of them; and the clerk or clerks attending the faid truftees is and are hereby required to fet his or their name or names as a witnefs or witnefies thereto; and the faid orders and proceedings, fo figned and attefted, (hall be deemed and taken to be originals, and (hall be admitted as evidence in all courts whatfoever; and fuch book or books (hall be feen and perufed at all feafonable times; and copies thereof, or any part thereof, may be taken by any perfon or perfons whomfoever, paying to the faid clerk or clerks fix pence for every one hundred words.

CVII. Provided always. That no warrant, mortgage, affign-ment, transfer, or any other writing whatfoever, in purfuance fol^1£|>0,,t of, or relating to, the execution of any of the powers of this ad, (hall be fubjed to any (lamp duty whatfoever.

CVIII, Provided always, and be it further enabled, That it Pleafure-boats (hall and may be lawful for the owners and occupiers of any ** ux* lands or tenements adjoining to the faid river or dreams, or c* cuts or canals, or any of them, to ufe any pleafure- boat or boats upon the fame, without the hindrance or interruption of the faid truftees, or any of them, and without paying any of the rates and duties aforefaid/; fo as fuch pleafure-boat or boats is or are not ufed for carrying goods, wares, or merchandizes, and fo as fuch pleafure-boat do not pafs through any of the places for the palling whereof any rates and duties are herein before directed to be paid; and that the lord or lords of the Lords of ma-refpedive manors, or any other perfons whomfoever, (hall have non may fift, full liberty to fi(h, fowl, and exercife all other royalties on the £owl,^ai faid river and navigable pafiages to which they are now legally eretoforc* intitled; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwith-ftanding; fo that the exercife of fuch rights and royalties (hall not interfere with or interrupt the execution of this act, or the free ufe of the faid navigation.

CIX. And be it further enaded, That if any workman, or Perfom navi, other perfon or perfons, navigating or working, or being on board any boat, barge, lighter, or other veffel, within the limits Jjj®2L ntt*!' of the faid navigation (not being duly qualified by the feveral $cc. not being laws and ftatutes relating to game) (hall carry with him or qualified, to them, or have on board any boat, barge, lighter, or other forfeit aos. veflel, any fi(hing-net, gun, engine, or other inftrument, with an intention to take, kill, or deftroy, the fi(h or game in or upon the faid river or dreams, or cuts or canals, or any of the lands adjacent thereto; fuch perfon or perfons being thereof lawfully con-vided by his own confeffion, or upon the oath of one or more credible witnfefs or witnefies, before one or more juftice or juf-tices of the peace in and for either of the faid counties of Hert-ford, EJfix, and Afiddlifex* (hall, for every fuch offence, forfeit ana pay the fum of twenty (hillings, over and above the penalties fu(h perfon or perfons may be Qtherwife fobjed to by the

F P *

5*0

For punching perfons throwing bal-la#, Sec. into the fiver.

Lords of manors or land owners may bpild ware-tioufes, Sec.

Saving of rights qf the mayor, commonalty, and citizens of £4ndoa.

IVarrants executed bycon-tsbl^f, See.

>Vnno feptimo Georg11IIL c. 51. f 1766.-

ads for the prefervation of game and fi(h; to be levied by diftreft* and fale of the offender's goods and chatties, by warrant under the hand and feal of fuch juftice or juftices; one moiety of which forfeiture (hall be paid to the informer, and the other moiety to the poor of the parifti or place where fuch offender (hall be convicted; and for want of fufficient diftrefs, the of* fender (hall, by like warrant of fuch juftice or juftices, be com* mitted to the houfe of correction, there to be kept to hard la* bour for any time not exceeding one month, nor lefs than ten days.

CX. And be it further enaCted, That if any perfon or perfons (hall wilfully throw any ballaft, gravel, (tones, rubbifn, or dirt, into any part of the faid river, or cuts or canals tried or intended to be ufed for navigation, with intent to prejudice the fame; every perfon fo offending, and being convicted thereof before any juftice of the peace for either of the faid counties of Hertford, EJfex^ or Middlefex^ upon the oath of one or more witnefs or witneffes, (hall, by warrant of the faid juftice, be fent to the houfe of correction, there to be kept to hard labour for fuch time as fuch juftice of the peace (hall direCt, not exceeding three months.

CXI. Provided alfo, and be it further enaCted, That nothing in this aCt contained (hall be conftrued to obftruCt or hinder the lord or lords of the manor or manors, or the owner or owners of any lands or grounds lying upon or near the banks of the faid river, or of any lands or grounds through which the faid cuts (hall be made, from making or erecting any wareboufes, weigh-beams, cranes, quays, landing-places, or wharfs, upon the banks of the faid river or cuts, in and upon their own lands, waftes, or grounds, fo that the ereCting or uling fiich warehouses, cranes, or wharfs, do not obftruCt or prejudice the (aid navigation, or any of the powers given by this aCt.

CXII. Saving and referving at all times hereafter unto the mayor, commonalty, and citizens of London, all their rights and privileges which by any law, ufage, or eftftom, they have at any time heretofore held, had, or enjoyed, or now hold, have, or enjoy, in or upon the faid river, or any part thereof, except their jurifdiCtion by virtue of the faid recited aCt of the thirteenth year of the reign of Queen Elizabeths and alfo faring and referving at all times hereafter unto all perfons whatfoever their Several juft rights and privileges, which by law they have at any time heretofore had, held, or enjoyed, or now hold, have, or enjoy, in, over, or upon the faid river £//, or any part thereof, fo as the fame are not repugnant to any powers granted for the execution of this aCt.

CXIII. And be it further enaCted, That all and every warrant or warrants, that (hall and may be granted by any perfon or perfons enabled or impowered to grant the fame unoer or by yirtue of this aCt, (hall and may be directed to the eonftahfe, headborough, or other peace officer of the county, liberty, or place, wherein the offendpf or offenders (hall live, refide, mba-

V................................................... i*t

5*«

1766.] Anno lepdmo GsoRgII III. c. 51.

' bit, or be; which conftable, head borough, or other officer, is hereby authorized and reauired to execute rite fame.

CXIV. And be it further ena&ed, That where any diftrefs Diftref* not to (hall be made for any fum or fums of money to be levied, by be deemed virtue of this aft, the diftrefs itfelf (hall not be deemed unlaw-fill, nor the part^r or parties making the fame be deemed a tref-	1

pafler or trefpaflers on account of any defedt or for want of form in the fummons, conviction, warrant of diftrefs, or other proceeding thereon; nor (hall the party or parties diftraining be nor theparty deemed a trefpaffer or trefpaflers on account of any irregularity diftraining be which fliall be afterwards committed by the party or parties di(- ^“P*1** training, but the perfon or perfons aggrieved by fuch irregularity -Jhall and may recover full fatisfadion for the fpedal damage in ^an adtion upon the cafe.

CXV. Provided always, That no plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall Plaintiff not recover in any adtion for any fuch irregularity as aforefaid, if |° ^C0T^-* ^ tender of amends hath been made by or in behalf of the party /"nd^haih diftraining before fuch aftion brought.	been made.

CXVI. And be it further enadted. That if any adtioh, fuit,.	..

or information, (hall be brought or commenced againft any jjffcon*. perfon or perfons for any thing done in purfuance of this aft, every fuch a&ion, fuit, or information (hall be commenced within fix months next after the fad committed, and not afterwards, and (hall be laid or brought in the counties of	,EJfext

or MiddlefeX) and not elfewhere; and the perfon or perfons (6 fued or profecuted may plead the General Ifliie, and give this General Tflii* aft, and the fpecial matter, in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in purfuance and by the authority of this aft; and if it (hall appear to have been fo done, or if any aftion, fuit, or information, (hall be brought after the time before limited for bringing the fame, or (hall be brought in any other county or place than as aforefaid, then and in every fuch cafe the jury (nail find for the defendant or defendants ; or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall become nonfuited, or fuf-fer a difcontinuance of his, her, or their aftion, fuit, or information, after the defendant or defendants (hall have appeared ; or if, inany fuch aftion, fuit, or information, judgement (hall be given againft the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants (hall have double cofts, and (hall have fuch remedy Double cofts. for the fame, as any defendant or defendants hath or have for cofts of fuit in other cafes by law.

CXVII. And be it further enafted, That this ad (hall be Publkk aft. deemed, adjudged and taken to be a publick a ft; and (hall be judicially taken notice of as fuch, by all judges, juftices, and other perfons whomfoever, without fpecially pleading the fame.

CAP. Ln.

An aft for erefting a proper and convenient pier at the port of Saint lees in the county ot Cornwall, for the better proteftion of ihipe and veffclt retorting to the (aid port.

Preamble. Trufteet. Pirft meeting of truftces. Truftee* to remove ob-ftruftions. Truftee* to agree with workmen for building a pier at the harbour of St. Ives. Trujtep* may purebafe building*, c. Bodies poll*

Anno feptimo Georgii III. c. 53.'	[17661

tick, ftc.may contraQ foe the Tale of land*. Feoffees, -tec. indemnified/ The damage and recommence to be fettled by a pry. Sheriff may impanel a jury. Juries may be challenged. Complaint to be made within j months. Docks, &c. vetted in truttees j who may leafe out the fame for ai years. And (hall fettle the demands to be taken for wharfs, &c. by their tenants and leffees. Leffees demanding more how to be punifhed. No per-foafhall empty any ballad, Sec. in the faid port and harbour, on pain of forfeiting 40 s. to be levied by dittrefs and fale. Truttees may direft the mooring and bailatting of (hips. Penalty on refufing to obey. Rates and duties. Provifo. Bauet's Cove exempted from duties. No (hips to be cleared till duties paid. King's (hips exempt. No rate to be collected till aoool. are fubfcribed. If the pier, Sec. is not completed in 3 years, rates to ceafe. Power of dittrefs for nonpayment of rates. Peribns eluding payment, to continue chargeable. Per(ons obftru&ingthe meafuringof (hips, to be fined. Colle&ors to enter into and meafure (hips. How the duties of tonage (hall be afeertained. Truttees may borrow money. Alignments transferable..

.Money may be raifed by annuities at 81.10s. percent. Annuities where payable. Names of purchafers of annuities to be entered in a book, &c. ana the purchafe money. Books to be infpe&ed gratis. Method of ascertaining whether annuitants are alive. Annuities charged upon the duties. Annuities to be free from taxes. Purcbafer to have a receipt, and an order for payment. Sum to be fpecified in the order. Annuities aflignable. Entry to be made of all afiigmnents. Annuitants to enter on them on default of payment. Notice to be given of borrowing money. Application of the money. Truttees to appoint proper officers, and to difplace them. Truf-tees to take fecurity from collettora, &c. Proceedings, See. to be entered in a book. Books may be peruljrd, and to be examined by the juttkes at their quarter feffions. On juttices certificate that all charges are reimburf-ed, dunes to ceafe. Writings to be without damps. No truttee to have a place of profit. Truttees to defray their own expences. Penalties and forfeitures how to be recovered and applied. For want of dittrefs, offender to be committed. PerfQps aggrieved may appeal to the quarter fettions. Dittrefs to be kept c days, ana may be redeemed within that timt Limitation of aftions. General Iftije. Treble cods. Publick a&.

CAP. LIII.

An a& for draining and preferring certain fen lands and low grounds lying iq the fouth level, part of the great level of the fens commonly called Bedford Level, and in the county of Cambridge, between the river Cam, otherwife Grant, weft, and the hard-lands of Botti(ham, Swaffham-Bulbeck, and Swaffham-prior, eaft; and for impowering the governor. Bailiffs, and commonalty, of the company of conferva-tors of the great level of the fens commonly called Bedford Level, to fell certain fen lands lying within the limits aforefaid, commonly called Invefted Lands.

Preamble. Committioners. Firft committioners. Penalty on commiifio-ners afting not qualified. Two meetings to be held in a year. Allowance to committioners. Powers of draining. Satisfaction to be made for damages. Navigations not to be changed. CommifTionera may appoint officers. Different taxes on lands of different value. Tax for the fire s years. Gradual tax afterwards. Certain tax to be paid till debt reduced. Appointment of furvevors to clafs lands. Form of the oatfi. Exemption of nigh lands. Part of poor's commons to "be taken in lieu of tax. Power of levying taxes. Inforcing payment of taxes. For leving taxes on untenanted premiffes. For fi*le of lands for taxes. Forgiving notice to owners of lands to be fold. Provifo. Notice of fale. Power to borrow money. Security. Securities transferrable. Penalty on perfonsdeftroying banks, Sec. Reftraining the ere&ing of engines for throwing water into Reach Old of Bunyell pr Wicken feqs. Committioners to make and keep up a partition bank on the fouth-weft fide of Reach Old Load. To prevent carting on banks, Sec. Owners to fcour ditches. For infpc&ing accounts. For destroying moles. For dettroying plantations near mills. For making #aqncljef. Allpwing mills with cornet of copimifliqner*, Jo lipiit ffaf djgg*

176$.] Anno fcptimo Georgii III. c. 54.	583

ing of turf. Tolls on navigation on the loads. Certain goods liable to half toll. Tolls may be leiTenea. For fetting up (launches. Toll on river hank*

Commiflioners to compound. To let tolls. Appointing fen reeves. Power of fen reeves. Fen reeves to account. Prefcrving rights of the corpora- ' tion of Bedford Level. Afts for Bedford Level recited. For felling in vetted lands. Not to difcharge invetted lands from taxes after fale, Jufticet may adrainifter oaths. Limitation of actions. General {Hue. Treble cotts* fublick Adt.	,

CAP. LIV.

/in aft for granting to bis Majefty a certain fum of money out of the. Jinking fund, and for applying certain monies therein mentioned for the fervice of the year one tboufand feven hundred and fixty [even j and for further appropriating the fupplies granted in this feffion of parliament •, for carrying to the aggregate fund a fum of money which bath arifen by the two Jeventb excife; for impowering his Majefty, with the advice of bis privy council, to permit the importation of any fort of corn or grain, dutyfree into this kingdom, for a longer time than is permitted by any aft of this feffion of parliament *, and for obviating doubts in re-lation to the meeting of commiffioners for putting in execution an aft of this feffion, for granting an aid to bis Majefty by a land tax.

M^oll gracious Sovereign,

WE your Majeftys moft dutiful and loyal fubjefts, the commons Preamble.

tf Great Britain in parliament qffembkd', towards railing the necejfary fupplies which we have chearfully granted to your Majefty in this feffion of parliament, have refolved to give and grant to your Majefty the fum herein after mentioned; and do therefore moft humbly befeech your Majefty, that it may be enafted \ and be it ena&ed by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That by or out of fuch monies as (hall from *,oio,vtiL time to time be and remain in the receipt of the exchequer, of ios. 3d. *q. the furplufles, excefles, overplus monies, and other revenues compofing the fund commonly called The Sinking Fund, after fa^fortke paying, or rcferving fufficient to pay, all fuch fums of money fervice of the as have been directed by any former a& or a&s of parliament current yearj to be paid out of the fame, there (hall and may be ifTued and applied, for and towards making good the fupplv granted to his Majefty for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and fixty feven, a fum not exceeding two millions ten thoufand one hundred twenty one pounds, ten (hillings, and three pence halfpenny j and the commiffioners of his Majefty’s treafury now tobeiffuedbf or for the time being, or any three or more of them, or the hightbc treafurer for the time being, are or is hereby authorized and accor<“W empowered to iflue and apply the fame accordingly.

II.	Apd if is hereby engfted by the authority aforsfaid, That Treafoiy up-

ippqweitjrtq

5^4

raife the (aid fum, or any part thereof, by loans or exchequer bills, on the credit of the finking fund)

and to ftrike tallies of loan, with orders for repayment of the money fo advanced | the intereft thereof to be paidquarterly < Orders to be regiftered in courfe.

No undue preference to be given in payment,

Anno feptimo Georoii III. c. 54.	f 1766,

in cafe the faid commiffioners of his Majefty’s treafury now or ^ for the time being, or any three or more of them, or the high treafurer for the time being, (hall think it advifeable to raife the faid fum of two millions ten thoufend one hundred twenty one pounds, ten (hillings, and three pence halfpenny, or any part thereof, by loans or exchequer bills, in manner herein alter* mentioned, that it (hall and may be lawful to and for any peribn or perfons, natives or foreigners, bodies politick or corporate, to advance or lend to his Majefty, at the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, any fum or fums of money not exceeding the (aid fum of two millions ten thoufand one hundred twenty one pounds, ten (hillings, and three pence halfpenny, upon the credit of the faid furpluffes, exceffes, and overplus monies, or other revenues compofing the finking fund, and to have and receive intereft for the forbearance of the money lent; fo as fuch loans be allowed to be made by the faid commiflioners of the treafury, or any three or more of them now or for the time being, or the high treafurer for the time being, who are or is hereby authorized to ifliie his or their warrants for that purpofe, as fuch loans (hall be wanted for the publick fervice; and moreover, that no money to be lent upon the fecurity of this ad (hall be rated or affeffed to any tax or afleffment whatfoever.

III.	And be it further enalted. That all and every perfon or perfons who (hall lend any money upon the credit qt this a& as aforefaid, and pay the fame into the receipt of the exchequer, (hall immediately have a tally of loan (truck for the fame, and an order for his, her, or their repayment, bearing the (ante date with his, her, or their tally; in or upon which order (hall be alfo contained a warrant for payment of intereft for the forbetf-ance thereof, and to be paid every three months, until the repayment of the principal; and all fuch orders for repayment of money fo to be lent, (hall be regiftered in courfe, according to the dates refpe&ively; and that all and every perfon and perfons (hall be paid in courfe, according as their orders (hall ftand regiftered in the faid regifter books, fo as the perfon or perfons, natives or foreigners, his, her, or their executors, adminiftra-tors, or afligns, who (hall have bis, her, or their order or orders firft entered in the faid books of regifter, (hall be taken and accounted to be the firft perfon or perfons to be paid out of the faid furplufles, exceffes, and overplus monies, or other revenues ; and he, (lie, or they, who (hall have his, her, or their order or orders next entereu, (hall be taken and accounted to be the fecond perfon to be paid, and fo fucceffively and in courfe; and that the monies to come in, of, or for, the faid furplufies, exceffes, and overplus monies, or other revenues compofing the finking fund as aforefaid, (hall be in the fame order liable to the fat isfadion of the faid refpe&ive perfons, and body or bodies politick or corporate, their executors* adminiftrators, fucceffors, or afligns refpectivety, without any undue preference of one before another, and not otherwife; and (hall not be diverted or divertible to any other ufe, intent, or purpofe whatfoever (other

(haq

b

k 1766.] Anno feptlmo Georgii III. c. 54.	$85

# than fuch ufes and purpofes as are appointed by any other ad or ads of parliament in that behalf as aforefaid) and that no fee, nor fee tobe reward, or gratuity, diredly or indiredly, (hall be demanded or taken $ taken of any of his Majefty’s fubjeds, for providing or making of any fuch books or regifters, or any entries, views, or fearches, in or for payment of money lent, or the intereft thereof as aforefaid, by any of his Majefty's officer or officers, their clerks or deputies, on pain of payment of treble damages to the party on forfeiture grieved/by the party offending, with full cofts of fuit 5 or if the of tr*hle da-officer himfelf take or demand any fuch fee or reward, then to lofe his place alfo: and if any undue preference of one before penalty of un-another (hall be made, either in point of regiftry or payment, due prefer-contrary to the true meaning of this ad, by any fuch officer or cnce in point officers; then the party offending (hall be liable, by adion 0f ofregitoy or debt, or on the cafe, to pay the value of the debt, with full paymcn * cofts of fuit, to the party grieved, and (hall be forejudged of his place or office; and if any fuch preference be unduly made by any his deputy or clerk, without diredion or privity of his mafter, then fuch deputy or clerk only (hall be liable to fuch action, debt, damages, and cofts, and (hall be for ever after incapable of his office or place: and in cafe the auditor of the receipt (hall not dired the (aid orders of loan, or the clerk of the pells record, or the teller make payment upon fuch orders, ac<* cording to each perfon’s due place and order as before direded; then he or they mall be adjudged to forfeit, and the refpedive deputies and clerks therein offending, to be liable to fuch adion, debt, damages, and cofts, in fuch manner as aforefaid; all which laid penalties, forfeitures, damages, and cofts, to be incurred by any the officers of the exchequer, or any their deputies or clerks, lhall and may be recovered by adion ot debt, bill, plaint, or in- to be recover-formation, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at JVeJimin- ed in any ot fter\ therein no efioin, protodion, privilege, wager of law, in- the courts of jundion, or order of reftraint, (hall be in any wife granted or wdtmffifter allowed.

IV.	Provided always, and it is declared. That if it (hall hap- No undue pre-

pen that fcveral tallies of loan or orders for payment as aforefaid, ference, which bear date, or be brought the fame day to the auditor of the re- of the taffies ceipt to be regiftercd, then it (hall be interpreted no undue pre- bought the ference which of thofe be entered firft, fo as he enters them all fame day, are the fame day.	entered firft;

V.	Provided alfo. That it (hall not be interpreted any undue preference, to incur any penalty in point of payment, it theau- nor if fubfe-ditor dired, and the clerk of the pells record, and the tellers do quent orders pay fubfequent orders, to perlbns that come and demand their *rc Pai£ bc* monies, and bring their orders, before other perfons that did ^brought in not come and take their monies, and bring their orders in courfe, courfe; *

fo as there be fo much money referved as will fatisfy precedent fo as mogey orders, which (hall not be other wife difpofed of, but kept for preferred for them; intereft upon loan being to ceafe from the time the money ^j^***1*11* Is fo referved and kept in bank for them.

VI.	And be it further enaded, That all and every perfon and

perfons

586	Anno feptimo GeorGii III. c. 54. [1766.	#

Powcrjof af- pcrfons to whom any money (hall be due for loans to be re- * fignment.and giftered by virtue of this a&, after order entered in the bocik of transferrinffof rc6l^cr as aforefaid, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, orders. * or affigns, by proper words of aflignment to be indorfed and written upon his, her, or their order, may affign and transfer his, her, or their right, title, intereft, and benefit of fuch order,

, to any other; which being notified in the office of the auditor of the receipt aforefaid, and an entiy or memorial thereof alfo made in the book of regifter aforefaid for orders (which the officers (hall, upon requeft, without fee or charge, accordingly make) (hall intitle fuch affignee, his, her, or their executors, adminiftrators, fucceflors, and affigns, to the benefit thereof, and payment thereon; and fuch affignee may in like manner affign again, and fo toties quoting and afterwards it (hall not be in the power of fuch perfon or perfons, who hath or have made fuch aflignment, to make.void, releafe, or difeharge the fame, or any monies thereby due, or any part thereof.

VII.	And to the end there may be no want or failure of a certain fum, not to exceed in the whole the faid fum of two millions ten thou-fund one hundred twenty one pounds ten Jhillings, and three pence halfpenny, to be raifed either by fuch loans as aforefaid, or by ijfuing exchequer bills as is herein after-mentioned, or by both or either of thofe ways or means, for the publick fervice; be it further ena&ed If it (hall be by the' authority aforefaid. That in cafe the commifiioners of his judged more Majefty’s treafury, or any three or more of them now or for the adviifeable,the time being, or the high treafurer for the time being, (hall judge . jaifc'tSefidi lt more advifeable to raife the faid fum of two millions ten thou-fum by ex- (and one hundred twenty one pounds, ten (hillings, and three chequer bills, pence halfpenny, or any part thereof, by exchequer bills, in-lhm!* (kad ^ucb l°ans as aforefaid; that then ne or they refpedively is or are hereby authorized and itnpowered, at any time or times, to prepare and make, or caufe to be prepared and made, at the exchequer, any number of new exchequer bills, for any fum or fums of money, not exceeding in the whole the faid fum of two millions ten thoufand one hundred twenty one pounds, ten (hillings, and three pence halfpenny, together with fuch loans aforefaid^ in the fame or like manner, form, or order, and according to the fame or like rules and directions, as in and by a certain adt of this prefent feffion of parliament, intituled. An all for continuing and granting to his Majefly certain duties upon malty mum, cyder, and perry, for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and fixty ftven, are enaCted and prescribed concerning the exchequer bills to be made in purfuance of the faid ad.

All ad van- VIII. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, tages and p*» That all and every the claufes, provifoes, powers, privileges, ad-11 Xf* vantages, penalties, forfeitures, and difabilities, contained in the Sii feffion re- laft-mentioned adt, relating to the loans or exchequer bills feting (o loans authorized to be made by the fame ad (except fuch claufes as do or exchequer charge the fame on the taxes granted by the fame ad, and exbills thereby CCpt fuch claufes as limit the rate of intereft to be paid for the ^emadefortb f°rbcarance of money lent on the credit of the faid ad) (hall be

«r tended f’	»PP,ied

tbkaA

1766.] Anno feptimo Georgii III. c. 54?	$87

Applied and extended to the exchequer bills to be paid in purfu-ance of this adt, as fully and effectually, to all intents and pur-pofes, as if the faid exchequer bills had been originally authorized by the faid laft-mentioned adt, or as if the faid feveral claufes or provifoes had befen particularly repeated and re-enadt-ed in the body of this prefent adt.

IX.	And be it enadted by the authority aforefaid, That all The faid ex-

the exchequer bills, which (hall be made in purfuance of this chequer bills, adt, and the intereft, premium, rate, and charges incident to, or	^

attending, the fame, (hall be and are hereby charged and charge- to bepaid oat able upon, and (hall be repaid and borne by and out of, the of the unking growing produce of the faid furpluffes, exceffes, and overplus fund, monies, or other revenues compofing the finking fund (except

fuch monies of the faid finking fund as are appropriated to any particular ufe or ufes by any former or other adt or adts of parliament in that behalf) and fuch monies of the faid finking fund (hall and may be iiTued and applied, as foon a9 the fame can be regularly dated and afeertained, for and towards the paying off, cancelling, and difeharging fuch exchequer bills, intered, premium, rate, or charges, until the whole of them (hall be paid off, cancelled, and difeharged, or money fufficient for that purpose be kept and referved in the exchequer, to be payable on demand to the refpedtive proprietors thereof. .

X.	And be it declared and further enadted by the authority aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful for the governor and company of the bank of England to advance or lend to his Ma- ^ jedy in like manner at the receipt of the exchequer, upon the * credit of loan granted by this adt, any fum or fums of money, not exceeding in the whole the fum of two millions ten thou-fand one hundred twenty one pounds, ten (hillings, and three

pence halfpenny; any thing in an adt made in the fifth and fixth notwfthftand-years of the reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, tng aft <Jc 6 An aft for granting to their Majejlies Jeveral rates and duties upon ScMmsj, tonnage of Jhips and vejfels, and upon beer, ale^ and other liquors; for fecuring certain recompenses and advantages in the faid aft mentioned to fuch perfons as Jhall voluntarily advance the fum of one million five hundred theufandpounds towards carrying on the war againfi France; to the contrary thereof in any wife notwithdanding.

XI.	And be it further enadted by the authority aforefaid, The following

That the fum of four hundred fixty nine thoufand one hundred (itf®* r«»nrin-forty feven pounds, fourteen (hillings, and one halfpenny, re-	1uer for

maining in the receipt of the exchequer, on the fifth day of di?pofi-Aprilone thoufand feven hundred and fixty feven, for the dif- tkm ofparlia-pofition of parliament, of the monies which had then arifen of ment; via. the furpluffes, exceffes, or overplus monies, and other revenues, *Q9,farolus*of compofing the fund commonly called The Sinking Funi\ and the the finking fum of thirty five thoufand two hundred and two pounds, nine fund; and (hillings, and two pence, alfo remaining in the receipt of the 35»*°*h exchequer, for the difpofition of parliament; and alfo a fum not oo<^ exceeding one hundred and eighty one thoufand pounds, of the able°far "mam-monies agreed to be paid by a convention between his Majefty tournee of the

'	5	and

588

Frenchprifon

crs}

Anno leptimo GeoRGII III. c. $4.	£1766.

and the French King, concluded sjnd figned at Lend** the twenty*' feventh day of February* one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five, for the maintenance of the late French prifoners of wars alfo 150,0001. and alio the fum of one hundred and fifty thoufand pounds, repanted in the maining in the receipt of the exchequer, which was granted to lift feffion for his Majefty in the laft feffion of parliament, upon account, for cloatMngof defying the charge of the pay and cloathing of the militia for the miliuai one year, beginning the twenty fifth day of March, one thou-and produce fond feven hundred and fixty fix; and alfo fuch of the monies as of tbe duties {hall be paid into the receipt of the exchequer after the fifth day onaumSencga Qf Aprils one thoufand feven hundred and fixty feven, and on or and gumAra- before thc day of April* one thoufand feven hundred and *	fixty eight, of the produce of the duties charged by an ad of

parliament made in the fifth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, upon the importation and exportation of gum Senega and gum Arabic; (hall and may be ifliied and applied at the faid receipt, for and towards making good the faid fupply j and the commif-fioners of his Majefty’s treafury now or for the time being, or any three or more of them, or the high treafurer for the time being, are or is hereby authorized and impowered to iflue and apply the fame accordingly.

XII.	And be it further ena&ed. That a fum not exceeding two hundred fixty one thoufand five hundred feventy one pounds, thirteen (hillings, and three pence farthing, out of the favings arifing upon grants for the pay of feveral regiments upon refpited pay by off-reckonings, and by ftoppages made for provisions delivered to the forces in North America* the Wejl Indies* and at Minorca, to the twenty fourth day of December* one thou (and feven hundred and fixty four, and received of William earl of Chatham* formerly paymafter general of his Majefty’s forces, for the balance remaining, over and above the monies found necef-fary to be applied for defraying the expences of the forces in former years; and alfo out of the fum of one million granted in the fecond year of his Majefty’s reign, on account, to enable him to defray extraordinary expences of the war, for the fervice of the year one thoufand (even hundred and fixty two, and to aflift the kingdom of Portugal* and for other purpofes; be applied to-wards making good the fupply granted to his Majefty, towards mVaordin'arv l*c®ply*n8 extraordinary expences of his Majefty’s land forces, expences1 ©t end other fervices incurred to the third day of Fel the land forces. Sec. incurredand not provided for}

to be iflfued towards making good the faid fupply.

*61,571!. >3^ yd. iq. favings arifing upon former grants See. received of the earl of Chatham,

to be applied towards de-

February* one

thouland feven hundred and fixty feven, and not provided for by parliament ; and the commiflionersof his Majefty’s treafury now or for the time being, or any three or more of them, or the high treafurer for the time being, are or is hereby authorized and impowered to iflue and apply the fame accoraingly. together with XIII. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, the fum of That out of fuch monies remaining in the hands of Edwari 7d?4lV linn Sainthill Efquire, as were ifliied to him for the relief and mainte-?n ihe^ands8 nsmce of the widows of officers of the land forces and marines, of E. S sun thill who died in the fervice, the fum of feven thoufand eight hun-£'q»	dred	forty	four pounds, feventcen (hillings, and nine pence, be

paid

i 766.] Anno feptimo GeoRgii III. C. 54/	$8£

•paid into the hands of the paymafter general of his Majefty#s forces, and be alfo applied towards making good the fupply granted to his Majefty towards defraying the extraordinary ex-pences of his Majefty’s land forces, and other fervices incurred to the third day of February, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty feven, and not provided for by parliament; and the com-ruiffioners of his Majefty’s treafury now or for the time being, or any three or more of them, or the high treafurer for the time being, are or is hereby authorized and impowered to iflue and apply the fame accordingly.

XIV.	And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, 110,000!. out That a fum not exceeding one hundred and ten thoufand offuch mo-pounds, out of fuch monies as (hall be paid into the receipt of the p^*inio the exchequer after the fifth day of Aprils one thoufand feven hun- exchequer dred and fixty feven, and on or before the fifth day of April, betweeu 5 one thoufand feven hundred and fixty eight, of the produce of April, 1767, all or any of the duties and revenues which by any former ad

or ads of parliament, have been direded to be referved for the of thePreve-difpofition of parliament, towards defraying the neceflaiy ex- nuet referved pences of defending, proteding, and fecuring the Britifn co- for the dif-lonies and plantations in America, be applied towards making P0^011 °f good fuch part of the fupply as hath been granted to his Ma- towardsThe jefty, for maintaining his Majefty’s forces and garrifons in the charge of deplantations, and for provifions for the forces in North America, fending the Nova Scotia, Newfoundland, and the ceded ifiands, for the year ^,onl5s 111 one thoufand feven hundred and fixty feven 5 and the cotfimif- Ar^nca’. . fioners of his Majefty’s treafury now or for the time being, or any three or more of them, or the high treafurer for the time	*

being, are or is hereby authorized and impowered to iflue and apply the fame accordingly.

XV.	Provided always, and it is hereby enaded by the au- Appropria-thority aforefaid, That all the monies coming into the exche- uon ot the quer, either by loans or exchequer bills, upon one ad of this fupplies. feffion of parliament, intituled, An a& for continuing and grant-^he monies ting to his Majejly certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, arifing by th* for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and fixty ft- malt tax, ven ; and fo much money, if any fuch be, of the duties thereby granted, as (hall arife or remain after all the loans or exchequer bills, made or to be made on the fame ad, and all the

intereft, premium, rate, and charges thereon, and the charges thereby allowable for railing the laid duties, (hall be fatisfied, or money fufficient (haU be referved in the exchequer to fatisfy and difeharge the fame j and alfo all the monies coming into the exchequer, either bv loans or exchequer bills, upon one other tax, pBt of this feflion or parliament, intituled. An alt for granting an aid to his Majejly by a land tax, to be raifed in Great Britain, for th$ fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and fixty feven \ and fo much money, if any fuch be, of the tax thereby granted, as (hall arife or remain after all the loans or exchequer bills made or to be made on the fame ad, and all the intereft, premium, rate, and charges thereon, and the charges allowable thereby for railing the faid land tax, (hall be (atisfied, or money Vot-XXVII.	Q^q	fufficient

Loans*

Lottery, See.

and other # fums remaining in the exchequer, See. together with the feveral fums before granted and specified.

with the refi-due of the monies sitting from the faleot French prizes taken before the declaration of MTJ

Anno feptimo GeorOii III. C. 54;	£1766.

fufficient (hall be referved in the exchequer to fatisfy and dif- • charge the fame; and alfo the fum of one million eight hun-dred thoufand pounds granted by one other a£t of this feffion of parliament, intituled. An aft for raifing a certain fum of money by loans or exchequer bills, for the fervice of the year ont thoufand /even hundred and fixty feven; and alfo all the monies coming into the exchequer by contributions for annuities and a lottery, granted by one other ad of this fefiion of parliament, intituled, An aft for raifing the fum of one million five hundred thoufand pounds by way of annuities, and a lottery attended with annuities, to be charged dn the Sinking Fund; and alfo the faid fum of four hundred fixty nine thoufand one hundred forty feven pounds, fourteen (hillings, and one halfpenny, remaining in the receipt of the exchequer on the fifth day of Aprils one thoufand feven hundred and fixty feven, for the difpofition of parliament, of the monies which had then arifen of the furpluflcs, excefles, or overplus monies, and other revenues compofing the fund commonly called The Sinking Fund; and alfo the faid fum of thirty five thoufand two hundred and two pounds, nine (hillings, and two pence, alfo remaining in the receipt of the exchequer for the difpofition of parliament; and alfo the faid fum not exceeding one hundred and eighty one thoufand pounds, of the monies agreed to be paid by a convention between his Majefiy and the French King, concluded and figned at London the twenty feventh day of February, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five, for the maintenance of the late French priioners of war; and alfo the (aid fum of one hundred and fifty thoufand pounds, remaining in the receipt of exchequer, which was granted to his Majefty in the laft feffion of parliament, upon account, for defraying the charge of the pay and cloathing of the militia, for one year, beginning the twenty fifth day of Marche one thoufand (even hundred and fixty fix ; and alfo fuch of the monies as (hall be paid into the receipt of the exchequer after the fifth day of April, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty feven, and on or before the fifth day of April, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty eight, of the produce of the duties charged by an a& of parliament made in the fifth year of his prefent Majefty’s reign, up* On the importation and exportation of gum Senega and gum Arabic; and alfo the further fum of two millions ten thousand one hundred and twenty one pounds, ten (hillings, and three pence halfpenny, by this adt granted, out of fuch monies as fhali or may arife of the furplufles, excefles, or overplus monies, and other revenues, compofing the fond commonly called the Sinking Fund, (hall be further appropriated, and are hereby appropriated, and (hall be iflfued and applied for and towards the feveral ufes and purpofes herein after exprefled, together with the refidue of the monies arifing from the fale of French prizes taken before the declaration of the late war, which his Majefty declared in a mod gracious fpeech to his parliament, that he had diredfed, for the eafe of his fubjedts, to be applied to the publick fejvifCi	fu$h	fum	or	fum*	of	moocj^sWs

> 1766.] Anno feptimo Georgii III. c. 54.*	591

“Majefty, according to his mod gracious intentions exprefled in and fuch fums the fame fpeech, (hall direct, for the further eafe of his fub- *f a*^c jedts, to be alfo applied to the publick fervice, out of the monies ■|^ldg in°the which have arifen, or (hall arife, by the fale of lands belonging ceded iflands § to his Majefty in the iflands of the Weft Indies, which were ceded to his Majefty by the late treaty of peace.

XVI- And it is hereby enadted f>y the authority aforefaid, viz. out of That out of all or any the aids or fupplies provided as afore-faid, there (hall and may be iflued and applied the fum of forty J^oool. to be thoufand pounds for the marriage portion of the Queen of Den- applied for mart, one of his Majefty’s lifters.	the marriage

XVII.	And it is hereby alfo enadted by the authority afore- K>rtl°^of th*

faid. That out of all or any the aids or fupplies,provided as afore-	**

faid, there (hall and may be iflued and applied any fum or fums f ^ of money not exceeding one million five hundred thirty nine t0-* thoufand three hundred twenty one pounds, four (hillings, and wards naval eight pence, for or towards the naval fervices herein particular- fervices herf-ly exprefled (that is to fay) for or towards vidtuals, wages, wear111 fpecifie<** and tear of the navy, and the vidtualling thereof, performed

and to be performed, and for or towards fea fervices in the office of ordnance, performed and to be performed; and for or towards defraying the ordinary of his Majefty’s navy, and for half pay to fea and marine officers; and for or towards maintaining four thoufand two hundred and eighty feven marines ; and for or towards the buildings, rebuildings, and repairs of (hips of war in his Majefty’s yards, and other extra works over and above what m?y be done upon the heads of wear and tear, and ordinary, for the year one thoufand feven hundred and flxty feven.

XVIII.	And it is hereby alfo enadted by the authority afore- 30,000!. for faid. That out all or any of the aids or fupplies aforefaid, hemp to re-there (hall and may be iflued and applied any fum or Aims °^fn^maea-money not exceeding thirty thoufand pounds, for purchafing a mlga~ quantity of hemp to replenifh his Majefty’s magazines.

XIX1. And it is hereby alfo enadted by the authority afore- 300,0001. to-laid, That out of all or any the aids or fupplies aforefaid, there wards paying lhall and may be iflued and applied any fum or fums of money ^thc del>t not exceeding three hundred thoufand pounds, towards paying navy* off and difeharging the debt of the navy.

XX.	And it is hereby alfo enadted by the authority afore* 169,600!. id. faid. That out of all or any the aids or fupplies aforefaid, there officc lhall and may be iflued and applied any fum or fums of money0 01 n*ncc’ not exceeding one hundred fixty nine thoufand fix hundred

pounds, and two pence, for the charge of the office of ordnance for land fervice, for the year one thoufand feven hundred and fixty (even.

XXI.	And it is hereby alfo enadted by the authority afore- 51.190l.6s.6d.

faid. That out of all or any the aids or fupplies aforefaid, there	ot“

lhall and may be iflued and applied any fum or fums of money viciSwform-not exceeding fifty one thoufand one hundred ninety pounds, ea hi ^66, not fix (hillings and fix pence, for defraying the expence of fervices provided for.

'■	Q^q 2	per-

59*

t ,106,1561

is. iod. and

iervices in general}

of which, 593,9(61. trt. 7a. tor guard: and garrifons in Great Britain. Guern-fcy, and Jerky*



and five

Anno feptimo GeorgiiIII. C. 54;	[1766.,

performed by the office of ordnance for land fervice, and nrt# ided for by parliament in one thoufand feven hundred and fix*

XII* And it is hereby alfo ena&ed by the authority afore-faid. That out of all or any the aids or fupplies afore(aid, there of id.^owards an^ maY be and applied any fum or fums of money the land for. not exceeding one million two hundred and fix thoufand one ces, and other hundred fifty fix pounds, two (hillings, and ten pence, and (even r :	eighth parts of a penny, for and towards maintaining his Ma-

iefty’s land forces, and other ierviccs herein after more particularly expreffed ; that is to fay, any fum or fums of money not exceeding five hundred ninety three thoufand nine hundred eighty fix pounds fifteen (hillings, and feven pence, for defraying tlx charge of fixteen thoufand feven hundred and fifty four effeffive men, commiffioned and non-commiflioned officers, included, and including two thoufand four hundred and fixty one invalids, for guards, garrifons, and other his Majefty’s hod forces in Great Britain, Guernfey, and Jerfcy, for the year one thoufand feven hundred and fixty feven; and any fum or film of money not exceeding two hundred ninety five thoufand (is TdVforhundred an<* feven pounds, two (hillings, and eleven pence, and five eighth parts of a penny, towards maintaining his Majefty’s forces and garrifons in the plantations, and Afrit* including thofe in garrifon at Minorca and Gibraltar, and for pro-vifions for the forces in North America, Nova Scotia* Newfnd-land, Gibraltar, the ceded ifiands, and Africa, for the year ooe thoufand feven hundred and fixty feven $ and any fum or fum of money not exceeding feven thoufand two hundred and one pounds, fourteen (hillings, and feven pence, for defraying the -	charge of the difference of pay between the Britijh and lriihti-

ModTttedif- tabl*lhment fix regiments of foot, ferving in the ljle of A&*,it tercnce of pay Gibraltar, Minorca, and the ceded ifiands, for the year one thou-between the fand feven hundred and fixty feven^ and any fum or fums of mo-BHtiih and	ney not exceeding twelve thoufand two hundred and three pouods,

mentCofW,ftl* cig^ltcen (hillings, and fix pence halfpenny, for the pay of thege-troops in the neral an<* general ftaff officers in Great Britain, for the yearoce Ifleof Man, thoufand feven hundred and fixty feven ; and any fum or fums Gibraltar,Mi- of money not exceeding one hundred thirty five thoufand two noJca»an<i, a hundred ninety nine pounds, eight (hillings, and four pence, ce e 1 an s, Up0naccount 0f t|ic reduced officers of his Majefty’s land forces and marines, for the year one thoufand (even hundred and fixty feven; and any fum or fums of money not exceeding m thoufand one hundred and three pounds, eleven (hillings, and eight pence, for defraying the charge for allowances to thefc-veral officers and private gentlemen of the two troops of horic guards, and regiment of horfc reduced, and to the fupeno* nuated gentlemen of the four troops of horfc guards, for tit year one thoufand feven hundred and fixty feven j and any fus or fums of money not exceeding five thoufend fix hundred thirty three pounds, three (hillings, and four pence, far defraying the charge of full pay for three hundred and fixty ft*

and garrifons In the plantations, and A-irica, Minorca, andGibnd-tar. See. and provifions for the forces abroad j

7, soil. 14s.

**,1031. 18s. 6d. iq. (or general and general liafF officers j 135,199!. 8s. 4-d. to the reduced officers of the land forces and marines;

1,105!. ns* 8d. to the a troops of H* guards and

• s?6$.] Anno feptimo GeoRGH III. c. 54;	59$

days, for the year one thoufand feven hundred and fixty (even, regiment of to officers reduced, with the tenth company of feveral batta- reduced* lions reduced from ten to nine companies, and who remained ^,n°uated t>n half-pay at the twenty fourth day of December, one thou- gentlemen of fand feven hundred and fixty five; and any fum or Turns of the 4 troop* not exceeding one thoufand five hundred and thirty fix pounds^ guard*, for the payingof penfions to the widows of fuch reduced officers s** »d* of his Majefty’s land forces and marines, as died upon the efta-blilhment of half-pay in Great Britain, and who were married the 10th —m to them before the twenty fifth day of December, one thoufand party of bat-feven hundred and fixteen, for the year one thoufand feven re* hundred and fixty feven j and any lum or fums of money duc<d' not exceeding one hundred and fix thoufand and eighty three *»st?1. to the pounds, two (hillings, and fix pence, upon account, towards defraying the charge of out-penfioners of Cbelfea Hofpital, for - . j * the year one thoufand feven hundred and fixty feven; and any 6d. to the oilt-fum or fums of money not exceeding forty fix thoufand five penfioner* of hundred and one pounds, five (hillings, and four pence three Cbelfea hofpi-farthing*, towards further defraying the extraordinary expences ta^ > of his Majefty’s land forces, and other fervices incurred to the third day of February, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty td.s°q.extra-ieven, and not provided for by parliament.	ordinary ex-

pence* of the land forces, and other lervices incurred, and not provided for,

XXIII.	And it is hereby alfo enafted by the authority afore- 1,too,oool.to-laid, That out of all or any the aids or fupplies aforefaid, there w*r<1* p»ying (hall- and may be iflued and applied the fum of one million eight bnitMued^ hundred thoufand pounds, for paying off and difcharging the purfuant to exchequer bills made out by virtue of an adt paffed in the laft an aft of the feffion of parliament, intituled. An aft for raijing a certain fumfe®0° * of money, by loam or exchequer bilk, for tie fervtce of the year .one

thoufand feven hundred and fixty fix, and charged upon the firft

aids to be granted in this (effion of parliament.	is,95th a*.

XXIV.	And it is hereby alfo enacted by the authority afore- *d. to make Cud, That out of all or any the aids or fupplies aforeiaia, there good to his (hall and may be iflued and applied the fum of twelve thoufand j£***"y nine hundred and fifty one pounds, two (hillings, and two pence,

to make good to his Majefty the like fum which has been iflued anttothead-by his Majefty’s orders, in purfuance of the addrefles of the dreffe* of the houfe of commons.	hou“ °*

XXV.	And it is hereby alfo enabled by the authority afore- CT^?on>* . laid. That out of all or any the aids or fupplies aforefaid, there for rapport!** (hall and may be iflued and applied any fum or fums of money for civil efU-notexceeding/our thoufand eight hundred and fixty fix pounds, blifhmentof three (hillings, and five pence, upon account, for maintaining Novi Scotia | and fupporting the civil eftabli(hment of Nova Scotia, for the p1'- **• (®p the year one thoufand feven hundred and fixty feven ; and any cMincurTed"" fum or fums of money not exceeding fix hundred ninety one therein 1767, pounds, and eight (hillings, upon account of-fundry expences, not provided for the fervice of Nova Scotia, in the year one thoufand feven ,ori hundred and fixty, and not provided for by parliament; and s.»9*61-f°r*« ady fum or fums of money, not exceeding three thoufand nine dvd hundred and eighty fix pounds, upon account, for defraying the 0

Q^q 3	charges-6

59*

1,106,1561 it* lod. and

Anno fcptimo Georgii III. c. 54^	£1766.	t

performed by the office of ordnance for land fervice, and not* provided for by parliament in one thoufand feven hundred and fixty fix.

XXII.	And it is hereby alfo enacted by the authority afore-faid, That out of all or any the aids or fupplics aforefaid, there of id.tfward* anc* may ^ ^uec^ an^ appl|cd any fum or fums of money the land for. not exceeding one million two hundred and fix thoufand one ces, and other hundred fifty fix pounds, two fhillings, and ten pence, and feven fervices in	eighth parts of a penny, for and towards maintaining bis Ma-

general ;	jetty’s land forces, and other fervices herein after more particu-

©f which, larly exprefled ; that is to fay, any fum or fums of money not ex-593*9*61.15s. ceeding five hundred ninety three thoufand nine hundred eighty 7d. tor guards fix pounds fifteen (hillings, and feven pence, for defraying the in Great Bd* charge of fixteen thoufand (even hundred and fifty four effc&ve tain, Guern-* men* commifiioned and non-commiffioned officers, included, and including two thoufand four hundred and fixty one invalids, for guards, garrifons, and other his Majefty’s land forces in Great Britain, Guernfey, and Jcrfey, for the year one thoufand feven hundred and fixty feven; and any fum or fums of money not exceeding two hundred ninety five thoufand fix S*d. for guards *lunc*rc^ a°d ^cven pounds, two (hillings, and eleven pence, nr\A *anrifan* and five eighth parts of a penny, towards maintaining his Majefty’s forces and garrifons in the plantations, and Africa including thofe in garrifon at Minorca and Gibraltar, and for pro-vifions for the forces in North America, Nova Scotiay Newfound* land, Gibraltar, the ceded illands, and Africa, for the year one thoufand feven hundred and fixty feven ; and any fum or fums of money not exceeding feven thoufand two hundred and one pounds, fourteen (hillings, and feven pence, for defraying the charge of the difference of pay between the Briti/h and Irijb ef-tablilhment of fix regiments of foot, ferving in the Ifle of Man, at Gibraltar, Minorca, and the ceded iflands, for the year one thoufand feven hundred and fixty feven $ and any fum or fums of money not exceeding twelve thoufand two hundred and three pounds, eighteen (hillings, and fix pence halfpenny, for the pay of the general and general ftaff officers in Great Britain, for the year one thoufand feven hundred and fixty feven ; and any fum or fums Gibraltar,Mi- of money not exceeding one hundred thirty five thoufand two • ^un<^re^ ninety nine pounds, eight ihillings, and four pence, ** e 1 an s» upon account of the reduced officers of his Majefty’s land forces and marines, for the year one thoufand feven hundred and fixty feven; and any fum or fums of money not exceeding two thoufand one hundred and three pounds, eleven (hillings, and eight pence, for defraying the charge for allowances to the fe-veral officers and private gentlemen of the two troops of horfc guards, and regiment of horfc reduced, and to the fuperan-nuated gentlemen of the four troops of horfe guards, for the year one thoufand feven hundred and fixty feven 5 and any fum or fums of monev not exceeding five thoufand fix hundred thirty three pounds, three (hiliings, and four pence, for defraying the charge of full pay for three hundred and fixty five

day»»

fey, and Jer-fejrj

*95*607. IS lid. and five

and garrifons In the plantations, and A-Ifica, Minor-ca,andGibral-tar. See, and provifions for the forces abroad j

7,soil. 14s. 7d. to make good the difference of pay between the Britifh and Irifh eftablifoment, of troops in the Ifie of Man,

31,1031. iSs. 6d. »q. for genet al and genera] ltafF officers; 135,1991. 8s. 4d. to the reduced officers of the land forces and marines;

3,103!. ns. Sd. to the a troops of H. guards and

1766.] Anno feptimo Georgii III. c. 54;	'593

days, for the year one thoufand feven hundred and fixty feven, regiment ot to officers reduced, with the tenth company of feveral batta- h^^c^eluc5d, lions reduced from ten to nine companies, and who remained ^amiiuted" on half-pay at the twenty fourth day of December, one thou- gentlemen of fand feven hundred and fixty five; and any fum or fums of the 4 troop# not exceeding one thoufand five hundred and thirty fix pounds, guards* for the payingof penfions to the widows of fuch reduced officers 5*633l- 3«- 4d* of his Majefty’s land forces and marines, as died upon the efta-blilhment of half-pay in Great Britain, and who were married tbe 10th com-to them before the twenty fifth day of December, one thoufand pany of bit-feven hundred and fixteen, for the year one thoufand feven rc* hundred and fixty feven; and any fum or fums of money not exceeding one hundred and fix thoufand and eighty three i*53$l-to the pounds, two (hillings, and fix pence, upon account, towards ficers°widows* defraying the charge of out-penfioners of Chelfea Hofpitol> for |q6 og | lf # the year one thoufand feven hundred and fixty feven ; and any 6d. to the outturn or fums of money not exceeding forty fix thoufand five penfioner* of hundred and one pounds, five (hillings, and four pence three CheHea hofpi-farthings, towards further defraying the extraordinary expences tal» of his Majefty’s land forces, and other fervices incurred to the third day of February, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty ^vqleSra,. feven, and not provided for by parliament.	ordinary ex-

pences of the land forces, and other fervices incurred, and not provided for,

XXIII.	And it is hereby alfo enafted by the authority afore- i,8oo,oool;tOr laid, That out of all or any the aids or fupplies aforefaid, there P3yin* (hall and may be ifliied and applied the fum of one million eight bilisfflueS1* hundred thoufand pounds, for paying off and difeharging the purfuant to exchequer bills made out by virtue of an a<St paffed in the laft an aft of the feffion of parliament, intituled. An aft for raijing a certain fum

cf money, by loans or exchequer bills, for the fervtce of tbe year one thoufand feven hundred andfixty fix, and charged upon the firft aids to be granted in this (effion of parliament.	#	,1>95,j. tf.

XXIV.	And it is hereby alfo enafted by the authority afore- id! to make

faid. That out of all or any the aids or fupplies aforelaia, there good to hit (hall and may be iffued and applied the fum of twelve thoufand	j|?c

nine hundred and fifty one pounds, two (hillings, and two pence, ^

to make good to his Majefly the like fum which has been iffued ant to the ad-by his Majefty’s orders, in purfuance of the addreffes of the drefles of the houfe of commons.	houfii °*

XXV.	And it is hereby alfo enabled by the authority afore- C^^0IU* ^ laid. That out of all or any the aids or fupplies aforefaia, there &r fuppoituj (hall and may be iffued and applied any fum or fums of money forrivileibu not exceedingfour thoufand eight hundred and fixty fix pounds, blilhment of three (hillings, and five pence, upon account, for maintaining Nov* Scotia * and fupporting the civil ellablifhment of Nova Scotia, for the^s*^ *s-for the year one thoufand feven hundred and fixty feven ; and any

fum or fums of money not exceeding fix hundred ninety one there in 1767, pounds, and eight (hillings, upon account of fundry expences, not provided For the fcrvice of Nova Scotia, in the year one thoufand feven hundred and fixty, and not provided for by parliament; and 3,9861. for the arfy fum or fums of money, not exceeding three thoufand nine civil eftaWifti-hundred and eighty fix pounds, upon account, for defraying the °	°*m

QjH 3	charges.6

594

Florida^

4,8ool. for the , civil eftablifoment of Wcft-Florida j

Anno feptimo Georgii III. c. 54.	[1766-

charges of the civil eftablifhment of his Majefty’s colony of* Georgia, and other incidental expences attending the fame, from the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred . and fixty fix, to the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand avileftmUlifli- ^cvcn hundred and fixty feven; and any fum or fums of money, ment of Eaft not exceeding four thoufand feven hundred and fifty pounds, upon account, for defraying the charge of the civil eftabli(h-ment of his Majefty’s colony of Eaji Florida, and other incidental expences attending the fame, from the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty fix, to the twenty fourth day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty feven ; and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding four thoufand eight hundred pounds, upon account, for defraying the charges of the civil eftablifhment of his Majefty’s colony of JVeJi Florida, and other incidental expences attending the fame, from the twenty fourth of June, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty fix, to the twenty fourth day of June, one thou-1.6011.14s.to- fand feven hundred and fixty feven; and any fum or fums of o^cncrafnCC money»not exceeding one thoufand fix hundred and one pounds, funreysin	fourteen (hillings, upon account, for defraying the expence at-

America;	tending general furveys of his Majefty’s dominions in North

America, for the year one thoufand (even hundred and fixty feven ; and any further fum or fums of money, not exceeding two thoufand pounds, the better to enable his Majefty to defray the contingent expences of the forces ferving in North America.

XXVI.	And it is hereby alfo enabled by the authority afore-faid. That out of all or any the aids or fupplies aforefiud, there

.........  ^	(hall and may be ilTued ana applied any fum or films of money,

Africa,^under not exceeding thirteen thoufand pounds, to be employed in direction of maintaining and fupporting the Britijh forts and fcttlements on the coaft or Africa, under the direction of the committee of merchants trading to Africa; and any fum or fums of money,

____	not exceeding five thoufand five hundred and fifty pounds, up-

civil eftabhnli* on account> f°r defraying the charges of the civil eftablifhment men*of Se-* his Majefty’s government of Senegambia, for the year one thoufand feven hundred and fixty feven; and any fum or fums of money not exceeding three thoufand five hundred pounds, upon account, towards fatisfying the expences incurred by the committee of the company ot merchants trading to Africa, on ^"and didc’. account of the eftabliftiment of Senegal and its dependencies, pendencies, after the twenty ninth day of Oftober, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five.

t*.oool. tothe XXVII. And it is hereby alfo ena&ed by the authority afore-faid. That out of all or any the aids or fupplies aforefeia, there (hall and may be ifiued and applied any fum or fums of money, not exceeding twenty eight thoufand pounds, upon account, towards enabling the governors and guardians of the hofpital for the maintenance and education of expofed and delated young children, to maintain and educate fueh children as werp received into the faid hofpital on or before fhc twenty fifth ds^

(?»

*,oool. contingent expences of the forces in North America.

131000U for the forts and ffttleintnts in

the African company ;

S>55°'-

Siegambia; 3,£Ool. on account of the eftablilh-xnentof Sene-

I8,

Foundling

JJofpital,

595

% tj66.]	Anno feptimo GeoRGII III. c. 54.

of March, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty, from the thirty firft day of December, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty fix, exclufive, to the thirty firft day of December, one thou-land feven hundred and fixty feven, inclufive; and that the laid fum be ifiued and paid for the ufe of the faid hofpital, without fee or reward, or any deduftion whatfoever; and any fum and 1,500!. or fums of money, not exceeding one thoufand five hundred towards ap-pounds, upon account, to enable the governors and guardians childVeiTSoni of the faid hofpital to put out apprentice fuch children as were thence $ received into the faid hofpital on or before the twenty fifth day but not more of March, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty 5 fo as the faid than 7I. to be governors and guardians do not give with any one child more S,vcn . than the fum of feven pounds 5 which faid fum (hall be alfo	cf1 1

ifiued. and paid without any fee, reward, or deduftion what-^beiffued101 foever.	without fee.

XXVIII. And it is hereby alfo enafted by the authority afore- ?00i. ag a faid. That out of all or any the aids or fupplies aforefaid, there compenfation (hall and may be ifiued and applied any fum or fums of money,t0 Dr* Swm-not exceeding feven hundred pounds, to enable his Majefty to ma^done to make compenfation to doctor Peter Swinton, for the damage his eftateat ” done to the eftate of the faid doftor Swinton, in the city of Chejier, the time of at the time of the late rebellion, by order of the officer com- the late remanding the garrifon of the faid city.	belhon.

XXIA. And it is hereby alfo enafted by the authority afore- 4.9,660!. 9s. * faid, That out of all or any the aids or fupplies aforefaid, there *4- to lhall and may be ifiued and applied any fum or fums of money, fa^d' not exceeding forty nine thoufand fix hundred and fixty pounds, tj,c deficiency nine (hillings, and two pence halfpenny, to replace to the of the duties finking fund the like fum paid out of the fame, to make good on offices and the deficiency on the fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hun- ^dowV- ^ dred and fixty fix, of the feveral rates and duties upon offices wm W8* and penfions, and upon houfes, and upon windows or lights, which were made a fund by an aft of the thirty firft year of thp reign of his late Majefty for paying annuities in refpeft of five millions borrowed towards the fupply granted for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and fifty eight; and any 11,758!. tjv, fum or fums of money, not exceeding twelve thoufand feven 7d. to replace hundred fifty eight pounds, thirteen (hillings, and feven *° lJc jjjnWng pence, to replace to the finking fund the like fum paid out ficien^ofthe the fame, to make good the deficiency on the tenth day of additional Ofiober, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty fix, of feveral duties upoi| additional duties upon wines imported into this kingdom; and wines im-certain duties upon cyder and perry which were made a fund {J^^dcr for paying annuities in refpeft of three millions five hundred thoufand pounds, borrowed towards the fupply granted for the fervice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and fixty three $ 104,5061. ns* and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding one hundred iod. to re-and four thoufand five hundred and fix pounds, eleven (hillings, t0f[,nd and ten pence, to replace to the finking fund the like fum ifiued t£c annuities thereout, to difcharge for the year ended the twenty ninth day granted in re-trf* September, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty fix, the an- ?!*& of cer-f	GL q*	>	nuitie***™'?

fund the charges of management of the faid annuities $

8,7081* 17s. 7<K 3q* to replace to the finking fund the monies

certain annuities, &c.

1*9,144.1. is* 8d. to make good the de-

59$	Anno fcptimo Georgii III. c. 54.	£1766*	t	j

and visual- nuities after the rate of four pounds per centum, attending fuch* &c. part 0f the joint flock eftablifhed by an ad made in the third unredeemed; yCar Qf ^ rejgn 0f hjs prefent Majefty in refped of ceitain navy, victualling, and tranfport bills, and ordnance debentures, as 1,$9*1. is 9d. remained unredeemed on the faid twenty ninth day September ;

$q. to replace and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding one thoufand fnnriCfh^inS **vc hundred ninety two pounds, one (hilling, and nine pence f e three farthings, to replace to the finking fund the like fum iffued thereout, for paying the charges of management of the annuities attending the faid joint llock for one year, ended the twenty ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty fix ; and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding eight tbou-fand feven hundred and eight pounds, feventeen millings, and feven pence three farthings, to replace to the finking fund the like fum illued thereout, to difeharge from the twenty ninth day of iffucdthercout September, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty fix, to the to difeharge twenty fifth day of December following, the annuities attending fuch part of the faid joint flock as was redeemed in purfuance of an ad made in the lad fefiion of parliament; and any fum or fums of money, not exceeding one hundred twenty nine thoufand one hundred forty four pounds, two (hillings, and eight Eciency of the pence, to make good the deficiency' of the grants tor the ferries grants for the of the year one thoufand feven hundred and fixty fix. fad year.	XXX.	And it is hereby further enaded by the authority

be^ tied to a^ore^ai^» That the faid aids and fupplies provided as aforefaid, no other ufes. not	or	applied	to any ufe, intent or purpofe what*

* foever, other than the ufes and purpofes before mentioned, or for the feveral deficiencies, or other payments direded to be fatisfied thereout by any ad or ads, or any particular clauie or claufes for that purpofe contained in any other ad or ads of this prefent fefiion of parliament.

XXXI.	And) as to thefaid fum of one hundred thirty five tbm-fatid two hundred ninety nine poundsy eight J,hillings and four pence, by this aft appropriated, on account of half-pay as aforefaid, it is hereby enaded and declared by the authority aforefaid. That the rules herein after preferibed (hall be duly obferved in the application of the faid half-pay ; that is to fay. That no per-fon (hall have or receive any part of the fame, who was a minor and under the age of fixteen years at the time when the regiment, troop, or company, in which he ferved was reduced; that no perfon (hall have or receive any part of the fame, except fuch perfon who did adual fervice in fome regiment, troop, or company ; that no perfon having any other place or employment of profit, civil or military, under his Majefty, (hall have or receive any part of the faid half-pay; that no chaplain of any garrifon or regiment, who has any ecclefiallical benefice in Great Britain or Ireland, (hall have or receive any part of the faid half-pay, that no perfon (hall have or receive any part of the fame, who has religned his commiffion, and has had no commiflion fincc; that no part of the lame (hall be allowed Co any perfon, by virtue of any warrant or appointment, except to A*ch perfpns as would have been mherwUe intitlcd to the wme*

Rules to be obferved in the application ot the fcalf-pay.

* 1766.] Anno feptimo Georgii III. c. 54.	597

* as reduced officers; and that no part of the fame (hall be allowed to any of the officers of the fire regiments of dragoons, and eight regiments of foot, lately difbanded in Ireland, except to fuch as were lately taken off the eflablilhment of half-pay in Great Britain.

XXXII.	And whereas by an all of parliament made in the fixth year of bis prefent Majeflfs reign, intituled, An adl for granting to his Majefty a certain fum of money out of the finking fund, and for applying certain monies therein mentioned for the fer-vice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and iixty fix j and for further appropriating the fupplies granted in this feffion of parliament; the feveral Jupplies which had been granted to his prefent Majejly as is therein mentioned, were appropriated to the feveral ufes and purpofes therein expreffed \ amongfi which any fum or fume of money, not exceeding one hundred thirty eight thoufand fix hundred and feventy four pounds, was appropriated to be paid to the reduced officers of his Majejlfs land forces and marines9 for the year one thoufand feven hundred and fixty fix* fubjeft nevertbelefs to Juch rules to be obferved in the application of the faid half-pay* as in and by the aforefaid all were preferibed in that behalf: now it is hereby provided, ena&ed, and declared, by the authority aforefaid,

That fo much of the faid fum of one hundred thirty eight thou* Rules to to (and fix hundred and feventy four pounds, as is or mall be more°^erve^“ than fufficient to fatisfy the laid reduced officers, according to the are-rules prefenbed by the laid a<ft to be obferved m the application Turpin, of the thereof, or any part of fuch overplus, (hall and may be difpofed feveralT.ouof of to fuch officers who are maimed or have loft their limbs in the late wars, or fuch others as, by reafon of their long fer-vice or otherwife, his Majefty (hall judge to be proper objeds payment of of charity, or to the widows or children of fuch officers, ac- reduced of-cording to fuch warrant or warrants under his Majefty’* royal ficen» fign manual, as (hall be (igned in that behalf; any thing in this adt or the faid former aft to the contrary notwithftanding,

XXXIII.	And be it further enalted by the authority afore- *+.604!. 3*.jd. laid. That the fum of eighty four thoufand fix hundred and th™exchrauer four pounds, three (hillings, and three pence, remaining in 0f th* addi- * the receipt of the exchequer, on the fifth day of April, one tional rues thoufand feven hundred and fixty feven, of the two fcventh parts and duties of of the additional rates and duties of excife granted by an a (ft parliament made in the fifth year of the reign of King William f.nWng fund, and Queen Mary, after fatisfying the feveral charges and incumbrances thereupon fortbe half-year then ended, be carried to, and

made part of, the fund commonly called Aggregate Fund 1 Where them and that fuch annuities and other demands, payable out of the JheU be any -(aid fum, as the growing produce of the two ieventh parts of Sjfanhnitfe. the faid excife, (hall not be fufficient toanfwer, (hall be charged payable oat of upon, and payable out of, the faid fund, commonly called The the raid Turn,' Aggregate Fund-, and the commiffioners of the treafury now or «»* to be paid for the time being, or any three or more of them, or the highjjjjj^**!* treafurer for the time being, are or is hereby impowered to au- * thorite the payment, out of the find fund, of fuch monies as

(ball

Recital of claufes in fe-

Anno feptimo Georoii III. c. 54.	[1766.	<

(hall be neceflary to make good any fuch deficiency or deficient * cies.

XXXIV.

parliament j

V. And whereas by an aft paffed in this prefent feffli tj the free importation into Great Britain of whti

ton of

feat or

°* wheat flour from any of bis Majejly’s colonies in America, by any of latinjg to th7" t*s Majefty's fubjefts, in any flip or vejfel navigated according to law.

free importation of corn, drc.

His Majeftr impowered,

is permitted until the firfl dijy of Auguft, one thoufand feven hundred and fxty feven ; and by another aft of the fame Jejfion, the free im-portation of oats or oat-meal, rye or rye-meal, into this kingdom, by any perfon or perfons, in any flip or vejfel whatfoever, is permitted until the twenty ninth day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty feven; and by feveral other afts of the fame Jejflon, the flee importation into this kingdom of wheat or wheat flour, barley, barley-meal, peafe, beans, tares, or callivancies, malt, bread., bifeuit, W fiarch, from any part of Europe, by any perfon or perfons, in any flip or vejfel whatfoever, is permitted until the tenth day ^September, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty feven: and whereas it may, during the next recefs of parliament, be expedient to permit the fret importation of the Jeveral articles and things aforefaid, into this kingdom, beyond the refpeftive times by the faid afts of parliament Tirnitd for the free importation thereof, be it therefore enabled by the au-thoritv aforefaid, That it (hall and may be lawful to and for his of ^ajefty, from time to time, during the faid next recefs, (when-parliament, ever it (hall appear expedient to his Majefty fo to do) by his by prodama- royal proclamation to be iflued, by and with the advice of his tion, or order privy council, or by his order in council, to be publifhed inlhe w^itthef10 London Gazette, to permit the free importation of all or any the lmpoftath>nof art,c^cs or things aforefaid, from any parts or places in his Ma-allorany the jefty’s dominions in America, for any time or times until the articles mfore- firft day of February, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty eight;

anc* ^ h|S royal proclamation or order in council publifhed FebT?768; * as aforefaid, to permit the free importation of all or any the faid spd' from any articles and things, from any parts or places in Europe or Africa, parts of Eu- for any time or times until twenty days after the commence-rape or Africa, ment cf the ncxt feffion Gf parliament; and that all and every after°the next ^ art*®!®* an<* things to be imported by virtue of, or un-^ “	der, fuch proclamations or orders, (hall not be fubjed or liable

to the payment of any fubfidy, cuftom, duty, or impofitkxt whatfoever; and may be allowed tn be carried coaftwife, under the fame regulations as the like articles and things, being the growth of this kingdom; any thing in any former or other aA or a6ts of parliament to the contrary thereof in any wife not-withftandfog.

XXXV.	Provided always, and be it further ena&ed by the to be made of authority aforefaid. That due entries (hall be made, in fuch all com, &c. manner and form as were ufed or pradtifed before the commencement of this fefiion of parliament, of all corn, grain, and other things, which (hall be imported into this kingdom, by virtue of or under any fuch proclamation or order, at the custom houfe belonging to the ports of importation 3 or, in defauk thereof! the corn, grain, or other things, fo imported, and

whereof



Due entries

to imported;

otherwise to pay duty.

% 1766.I Anno feptimo Georgii III. c. 55.''	gyf

whereof fuch entries (hall not be made, (hall be fubjeft and liable to fuch and the fame duties as were payable upon the importation thereof before the commencement of this prefent fef-fion of parliament; any thing in this alt to the contrary thereof ootwithftanding.

XXXVI.	And whereas by an aft of parliament made in this pre- Land tax aft fent feffion of parliament, intituled, An alt for granting an aid to of this feffion. his Majefty by a land tax to be raifed in Great Britain, for the feryice of the year one thoufand feven hundred and fixty feven $ ehe commijjioners appointed for putting fo much of the faid aft in execution as is thereby committed to their care and charge, were dlrefted to meet upon or before the thirtieth day of April laft: and whereas it may have happened that the faid commijjioners may not in fome places have met upon or before the faid thirtieth day of April lajl, in purfu-ance of fuch directions: Now, in order to obviate and prevent any doubts that might arife thereupon, it is hereby further enaftea and declared by the authority aforefaid. That it (hall and may be Where the lawful for the laid feveral cortimiffioners who neglelted to meet commiffion-te put the faid alt in execution upon or before the thirtieth day to meet of April laft, and they are hereby authorized and required to 0n or before meet, with all convenient fpeed, on fuch day or days as they 3° April to . (hall think fit to appoint o put the faid alt into execution; and ™ fuch meeting or meetings of the faid commiffioners, fo to be had in purfuance of this alt, and aHb all meetings which (hantomeettorOka have been held by the faid commiffioners, after the laid thirtieth purpofe as day of Aprils ana before the palling of this aft, (hall* to all in- f°°? •• contents and purpofes, be as effeltual for the putting the faid aft^“icntly into execution, as if the fame meeting or meetings had beep and fuch held upon or before the thirtieth day ofApril laft.	meetings, and

thole held after the (aid <Uy» and before palling this aft, are depmed lega| and valid.

CAP. LV.

An aft for further continuing an aft of the lajl fejjion of par-tiament, intituled, An aft to amend and render more ef-. feftual, in his Majefty’s dominions in America, an aft palled in this prefent feffion of parliament, intituled.

An aft for punifhing mutiny and dejertion, and for the bet+ ter payment of the army and their quarters.

WHEREAS anoftpajfed in the Jixthyear of his prefent Ma~ Preamble,’rp-jffiy’s reign, intituled, An aft to amend and render more citing daufe ffteftua1? in his Majefty’* dominions in America, an aft palledin thc Amer*-mthis prefect feffion of parliament, intituled. An aftfor punijb- ^J^the"^ ing mutiny atfd $efertiony and for the better payment of the army and feffion. their quarters; which aft was to continue and bo in jorcey in all bis Majejly's dominions in America, from the twenty fourth day of March, in the year one thoufand feven hundred and fixty fixy until the twenty fourth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty fight; and whereas it has been found netejfary that the faid aft Jbould pe continued for a further term; May it therefore pleafe your mo$ jpfceljefit Majefty that it m?y he ypsjftedj, and he it cnafted

the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the ahiceaoj The recited confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and common, io a6t further this prefent parliament affembled, and by the authority rite fame. That the faid alt (hall be, and the fame is hereby c» tinued until the twenty fourth day of Adarchone thouiadfc ven hundred and lixty nine.

CAP. LVI.

An aft for taking off the inland duty of one falling per pound weight upon all black and Jinglo teas conjumi ii I Great Britain; and for granting a drawback npatkt exportation of teas to Ireland, and tbe Britilh dmmm in America, for a limited time, upon fucb indemmficeam to be made in refpeft thereof by tbe Haft India Compaq as is therein mentioned; for permitting tbe exportation if teas in fmaller quantities than one lot to Ireland, or the faid dominions in America ; and for preventing tus four ed and condemned from being confumed in Great Brain.

WHEREAS by an aft of parliament made in tbe eifbtuvth year of the reign of bis late majefly King George th/iad, iaafifS Geo. intituled, An aft for repealing the prefent inland duty of four *»	(hillings	per	pound	weight	upon	all	tea	fold	m	Great Britd*t

and for granting to his Majefty certain other inland duties in lieu thereof; and for better fecuring the duty upon tea, and other duties of excife; and for purfuing offenders out of one county into another; an inland duty of one /billing per pound weight cvrir-dupois* and in that proportion for a greater or lejfer quantify m impofed and charged upon all tea to be fold in Great Britain; ad oljo a further duty of twentyJive pounds for every one hundred fund; of the grofs price at which Juch teas Jbould be fold at the puUici fski if tbe united company of merchants of England trading to rktift Indies, and proportionably for a greater or lejjer fum; which beta were to commence from the twenty fourth day of June, me thafzd /even hundred and forty five, over and above all cuftoms^fiAjsbe^ and duties, payable to his Majefly for the fame, upon imported^ thereof 5 to be paid in manner as tn the Jaid aft ts dirtftei: ai It as Geo* i. whereas by an aft of parliament made in the twenty firji year cf & faid late Mqejly's reign, tea was allowed to be exported from tti\ kingdom to Ireland, and his Majefly* s plantations in America, without payment of thefaid inland duties: and whereas the taking sf & faid inland duty ofone/billing per pound weight upon black and fall teas, granted by the faid aft> and the allowing, upon the exporter^ ij all teas which /hall be exported to Ireland and bis Maiejfifs plants* tions in America, the whole of the duty paid upon the imported* thereof into this kingdom, appear to be tbe mojl probable and extc£n means of extending the confumpthn of teas legally imported within sh kingdom, and of encreafing the exportation of teas to Ireland, okJo bis Majefly*s plantations in America, which are now chiefly funcfii by foreigners in a courfe of illicit trade: and whereas tbe united a*

t*!

continued to a. March, *7«9.

% 1766.] Anno feptimo GeoIOII III. C. $6;

*pany of merchants ^England trading to the Eaft Indies are willing and defirous to indemnify the public, in fuch manner as is herein after provided, with refpett to any diminution of the revenue which Jball or may happen from this experiment: We, your Majefty’s moft dutiful and loyal fubjeds, the commons of Great Britain in parliament aflembled, do therefore moft humbly befeecb your Majefty, that it may be enaded; and be it enaded by the King’s moft excellent Majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That ^ poooddif-for and during the fpace of five years, to be computed from theconnnued for fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty feven, the term of 5 the faid inland duty of one (hilling per pound weight upon teas, VP011 (hall not be paid for or in refped of any bohea, Congo, fouchong, fin or pekoe teas, commonly called Black Teasi or any teas known by the denomination of finglo teas, which (hall be cleared for cleared for confumption within Great Britain, out of the warehoufes of the c<mfuraptioii united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft In- Britafo, ouTof dies, or their fucceflors; but that all fuch teas fo to be cleared, the company's whether the fame have been already, or (hall be hereafter, fold warehoufess by the faid company, or their fucceflors, (hall be and are hereby freed and difeharged, during the faid term, from the faid inland duty.

II.	And it is hereby further enaded by the authority afore- amj the laid. That for and during the like fpace of five years, to be Qf cuftomi, computed from the fifth day of Julyy one thoufand feven hun- payable on dred and fixty (even, there (hall be drawn back and allowed for unportation, all teas exported from this kingdom as merchandize to Ireland, back upon all or any of the Britijb colonies or plantations in America, the whole teai exported duties of cuftoms payable upon the importation of fuch teas; as vnerchan-which drawback or allowance, with refped to fuch teas as (hall dizetolreland, be exported to Ireland, (hall be made to the exporter in fuch couS^n manner, and under fuch rules, regulations, fecurides, penalties, Americaj and forfeitures, as any drawback or allowance is now payable

out of the duty of cuftoms upon the exportation of foreign goods to Ireland; and with refped to fuch teas as (hall be exported to the Britijb colonics and plantations in America, the faid drawback or allowance (hall be made in fuch manner, and under fuch rules, regulations, penalties, and forfeitures, as any drawback or allowance payable out of the duty of cuftoms upon foreign goods exported to foreign parts, was, could, or might be, made before the palling of this ad (except in fuch cafes as are otherwife provided for by this ad.)

III.	Provided always, and it is hereby enaded by the autho- thc ^id dnw-rity aforefaid. That the drawback allowed by this ad (hall not back to be be paid or allowed for any teas which (hall not be exported di- paid for fuch redly from the warehoufe or warehoufes wherein the fame (hall J****• be lodged, purfuant to the diredions of an ad made in the tenth TOrteddireair year or the reign of his late majefty King George the Firft. from the ^ 7

warehoufes where lodged, purfuant to ad 10 Geo. 1.

5	IV.	And

And if, upon an annutl ftate of the accounts as here directed to be made

ftctency.

IV.	And, for making good any diminution which may happen m the revenues of cujiom and excife by the difcontinuance of the fetid duty, and the allowance of the faid drawback, during the term aforefaid; be it enaCted by the authority aforefaid. That on or before the firft day of September, one thoufand feven hundred and £xty sap, there (hall eight, and on or before the firft day of September in each of the an^verae?*1 f°ur fuccec<hng years, a true and exaft account (hall be taken, taken for 5 ftated, and made up, by the proper officers of the cuftoms and yean preced- excife refpedtively, of the net produce of all the duties of cuftoms mg, any di- for 2nd in refpedt of teas fold by the faid company, or their fuc-Jh^nlwiucs ce^ors > ant* atfo of the net produce of the duties of exdfe upon by difeonti- teas cleared out of the warehoufes belonging to the faid comp-nuance of the ny, or their fuccefiors; within the year, ending the fifth day of faid duty, and j^y immediately preceding the taking, ftating, and making up, rteSdXaw-^uch account; and that a lum, which (hall be equal to the an-back, during* nual net produce of the duties of cuftoms paid upon the impor-the (aid term; tation of teas which were exported to Ireland and the Britijb co-the company fonies and plantations in America, upon an average for five yean

toodThe de- Prece(^nS the fifth daY °f 7ub> one thoufand feven hundred and

5--------- "	fixty	feven, (hall be deduced from the total of the net produce,

fo ftated, of the faid duties of cuftoms and excife in the faid account, for the year ending the faid fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty eight, and for each of the faid four fucceeding years refpe&ively: and if, after fuch deduction (hall have been made, the remaining fum (hall not amount to fuch a fum as (hall be equal to the annual net produce of all the duties of cuftoms for and in refpedt of teas fold by the faid company; and alfo to the annual net produce of the duties of excife upon teas cleared out of the warehoufes of the faid company, on an average for five years preceding the faid fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty feven; then, and in every fuch cafe, from time to time, as often as fuch cafe (hall fo happen, the faid company, or their fuccefiors, within forty days after a copy of fuch yearly account refpedtively (hall have been delivered to their chairman, deputy chairman, fecretary, cafhier, or accomptant general, (hall advance and pay, for every fiich year refpe&ively, into the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, for his Majefty*s ufe, fuch fum of money as (nail, with the monies remaining in fuch refpedtive annual account after the deduction aforefaid (hall have been made, amount to fuch a fum as (hall be equal to the annual net produce of all the faid duties of cuftoms and excife upon teas, on the faid average of five years preceding the faid fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty feven; fo as the money to be paid by the faid company, or tneir fuccefiors, in purfuance of this adt, (hall not, in any one of the faid five years, exceed fuch a fum as (hall be equal to the annual net amount of the faid inland duty of one (hilling per pound weight upon teas cleared from the warehoufes of the faid company, for confumption within Great Britain 5 and allb to the annual net amount of the duties of cuftoms paid on the importation of teas which were exported to Ireland, and the

Briti/k

^ ii66.J	Anno fcptirrio GeoUgii III. c. cfi.	60$

9ritijb colonies and plantations in America, upon an average for five years preceding the faid fifth day of July% one thoufand fe-ven nundred and fixty feven.

V.	And be it further enacted by the authority aforefaid. That on failure of in cafe the faid united company of merchants of England trading any payment to the Eajl Indies or their fucceffors, fhall make failure in any by the com* of the payments hereby directed, required, or appointed to be

made into the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, in the manner, or’ on or before the refpeftive times herein before limited or appointed for that purpofe; that then, from time to time, as often as fuch cafe (hall fo happen, the money, whereof fuch failure the money to in payment (hall be made, fhall and may be recovered to his Ma- be recovered jefty’s ufe, by action of debt, or upon the cafe, bill, fuit, or in-formation, in any of his Majefty’s courts of record at IVeflmin-	the courts

fier\ wherein no efToin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, at Weftmia-fhall be allowed, or any more than one imparlance; in which fter, action, bill, iuit, or information, it (hall be lawful to declare that the faid united company of merchants of England trading to the Eajl Indies, or their fucceffors, are indebted to his Ma-jefty the monies of which they (hall have made default in payment, according to the form of this flatute, and have not paid the fame, which fhall be fufficient; and in or upon fuch aCtion, with damages bill, fuit, or information, there fhall be further recovered to his a^er *he rttc Majefty’s ufe, againft the faid united company of merchants cen\*

England trading to the Eajl Indies 9 or their fucceffors, damages, cofb of fuiu after the rate of twelve pounds per centum per annum9 for the refpeftive monies fo unpaid, contrary to this aCt, together with full cofts of fuit; and the faid united company, and their fucceffors, and all their ftock, funds, and all other their eftate and pro- ^Jc perty whatfoever and wherefoever, fhall be, and are hereby made fubjeft and liable to the payment of fuch monies, damages, and are mule iia- * cofts.	ble thereto.

VI.	And be it further enafted by the authority aforefaid. That The monies all the monies which fhall be paid into the receipt of his Majefty’s to be applied exchequer, in purfuance of this aft, fhall be applied to fuch ufes *bc P«fent ^ and purpofes, and in fuch proportions, as the prefent duties on datie**

teas are now made applicable.

VII.	And whereas by an all made in the twenty firjl year of the reign of his late Majefty, intituled, An aft for permitting tea to be exported to Ireland, and his Majefty’s plantations in America, without paying the inland duties charged thereupon by an aft

of the eighteenth year of his jprefent Majefty’s reign; and for Claofe in a$ enlarging the time for fome or the payments to.be made on the XI Gco% *• fubfeription of fix millions three hundred thoufand pounds, by virtue of an aft of this feflion of parliament; it is enafted9 That prohibiting from and after the frji day of June, one thoufand feven hundred and forty eight, no tea Jhould be exported to the kingdom of Ireland, or to afty jcfs qUan. any of his Majefiy's plantations in America, in any chcjl, cajky tub9 tity than one or package whaijocver9 other than that in which it was originally im~ intire lot, ported into Great Britain, nor in any lefs quantities than in the intire let or lots in which the fame was fold at the fale of the faid united

tom-



repealed

Anno feptimo GfioRGH III. c. 56.	[1766.

company, under the penalty of the forfeiture offuch tea, and the pact*• containing the fame: and whereat the prohibiting the exportation of tea in any left quantity than one intire lot9 has been very inconvenient to merchants and traderj, and tends to difeourage the exportation of tea to Ireland, and the faid colonies; be it therefore enaded by aforefaid, That from and after the fifth day of July9

the authority one thoufand feven

hundred and fixty (even, the (aid recited

xty

claufe (hall be, and is hereby, repealed.

VIII. And be it further ena&ed by the authority aforefaid, That from and after the faid fifth day of July, one thoufand feven hundred and (ixty feven, no tea (hall be exported to the kingdom of Ireland, or to any of his Majefty’s plantations in America^ in any cheft, ca(k, tub, or package whatfoever, other than that in which it was originally imported into Great Britain \ Si?wholehtn nor *n *ck quantity t^ian t*ie w^°le and intire quantity con-quantity cob- tehrcd in any chcft, cafk, tub, or package, in which the fame tained in fuch was fold at the publick fale of the united company of merchants package at of England trading to the Eajl Indies; under the penalty of the forfeiture of fuch tea, and the package containing the fame, which (hall and may befeized by any officer of the cuftoms; and fuch forfeiture (hall he recovered and applied in fuch and the fame manner, as any of the penalties or forfeitures mentioned in the faid adt, made in the twenty firft year of the reign of his

No tea to he exported to Ireland, or America, but in the original packages nor in a left

late Majefty, are thereby directed to be recovered and applied; met

the company's fale; on forfeiture thereof; to be recovered and applied as adt 11

retta.** and all tea exported under the authority of this a6k is hereby Teas exported freed and difeharged from the payment of the inland duties olf "nd*ni$ cxcife, in fuch and the fame manner, and (hall be fubjedt to the 'ed oftbeTm- ^amc ru^cs an<* rcguIati°ns> as are mentioned, appointed, and land dutiesof preferibed by the faid ad, in relation to tea exported by virtue excite. thereof.

Confifcated IX. And be it enadted by the authority aforefaid. That from leas to be and after the twenty fourth day of July, one thoufand (even fold, and dr- hundred and fixty feven, all teas which (hall be feized and con-livered out for deinned for being illegally imported, or for any other caufe, (hall cxporution not jyj for confumptjon within this kingdom, but (hall be 1	exported to Ireland, or to the Britijh colonics in America; and

that no fuch teas, after the fale thereof, (hall be delivered out of any warehoufe belonging to his Majefty, otherwife than for exportation as aforefaid; or be exported in any package containing a lefs quantity than fifty pounds weight; which exportation (hall be made in like manner, and under the fame rules, regu-^•n^^,f1<h^at*on8* Peila^ics> a°d forfeitures, except in refpedt to the allow-oVcr rcgula- ancc anY drawback, as are by this aGt preferibed, appointed, and inflidled, in relation to the exportation of teas fold by the laid company; and upon the like bond and fecurity as is required by the faid adt made in the twenty firft year of the reign of his late majefty King George the Second, to be approved of by the commiffioners of the cuftoms or excife in England for the time being, or any three of them refpedtively, or by fuch per-fon or perfons as they (hall refpedtively appoint for that purpofe.

ther enadted by the authority afordaid, Thai

and in packages containing not lefs

cions as are here mentioned.

X. And be it further enadted by the authority afordaid.

bat

if

fc 1766.] Anno feptimo Georgn III. c. 57.	605

•if any aftion or fuit (hall be commenced againft any perfon or perfonsfor any thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this aft, the defendant or defendants in fuch action or fuit (hall and may plead the general ifluc, and give this aft, and General iflue. the fpecial matter, in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon; and that the fame was done in purfuance and by the authority of this aft: and if afterwards a verdift (hall pafs for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs (hall become* nonfuited, or difcontinue his, her, or their aftion or profecution, or judgement (hall be given againft him, her, or them, upon demurrer, orotherwife; then fuch defendant or defendants (hall have treble cods awarded to him or them againd fuch plaintiff Treble cofts, or plaintiffs.

CAP. LVII.

An aft for eftablifhing an agreement for the payment of the annual fum of four hundred tboufand pounds% for a limited time, by the Eaft India company, in refpett of the territorial acquifitions and revenues lately obtained in the Eaft Indies.

WHEREAS the united company of merchants of England prcambje trading to the Eaft Indies have propofed, that a temporary agreement Jbould be made in relation to the territorial acquifitions and revenues lately obtained there; and have thereupon offered to pay, for the benefit of the publicly during the term of fuch agreement, the yearly fum of four hundred thoufand pounds, by half-yearly payments: and whereas it may be for the benefit of the publicly and the [aid com -pany9 that a temporally agreementy for the Jpace of two yearSy Jbould be made in regard of the faid territorial acquifitions and revenues:

Now we, your Majefty’s molt dutiful and loyal fubjefts, the commons of Great Britain, in parliament aflembled, do moft humbly befeech your Majefty, that it may be enafted 5 and be it enafted by the King’s moft excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the faid united company of merchants of Eaft India England trading to the Eaft IndieSy and their fucceflors, (hall ad- company to vance and pay into the receipt of his Majefty’s exchequer, for W .,nto t:he his Majefty’s ufe, the fum of four hundred thoufand pounds per K^Sex- ' annumy for and during the term of two years, to be computed chequer, from the firft day of February one thoufand feven hundred and 400,0001. per fixty feven, by half-yearly payments of two hundred thoufand	^

pounds each; which half-yearly payments of two hundred thou- yC^rs?rra 0 * fend pounds (hall become due on the firft day of Augufty and the by ha’lf-yearty * firft day of February, in each year; and (hall be made on or be- payments, or fore the twenty fifth day of March next enfuing fuch firft day of *°<>»°ool* Augufty and on the twenty ninth day of September next enfuing eac 1 (uch firft day of February refoeflivtly, in each year; the firft of which half-yearly payments (naH become due on the firft day of Augufty one thoufand feven hundred and fixty feven, and be made on or before the twenty fifth day of Martby one thoufand feven .- Vet. XXVII.	Rr	hundred

So6

on failure of any of the (aid payments,

the money to be recovered by adion of debt. See. in any of the courts at Weltminiter.

with damages, after tue rate of 15I. per cent, and full

coils of suit; ami the company's llocic and funds,

&c. are made liable thereto. The territorial acq’jsiii-tions and revenues lately obtained, to remain in the company’s pofTdlion during the laid 2 years; and it they (hall be dil-pofl'etied by any foreign power, of any part thereof, within that time.

4 proportional abatement is to be made in the faid an-J1 payments;

and money wrongfully paid, is to be retundpd.

Anno feptimo GeoxgiiIIL C.57J f 1766.

hundred and fixty eight; and in cafe the /aid united company of merchants of England trading to the Eajl Indus ^ or their fuccef-fors, (hall make failure in any of the faid payments hereby appointed to be made into the receipt of his Majeft/s exchequer, on or before the refpe&ive days or times herein before limited; that then, from time to time, as often as fuch cafe (hall to happen, the money, whereof fuch failure in payment (hall be made, lhall and may be recovered to his Majefty’s ufe, by a&ioo of debt, or upon the cafe, bill, fuit, or information, fo any of his Majefty’s courts of record at ll'edminjler, wherein no efioin, protection, privilege, or wager of law, (hall be allowed, or any more than one imparlance; in which aCtion, bill, fuit, or information, it (hall be lawful to declare, That the (aid united company of merchants of England trading to the Eaft Indies, or their fucceffors, are indebted to his Majefty the monies of which they (hall have made default in payment, according to the form of this ftatute, and have not paid the fame, which (hall befuffi-cient; and in or upon fuch adtion, bill, fuit, or information, there (hall be further recovered, to his Majefty’s ufe, againft the faid united company of merchants of England trading to the £9? Indies, or their fucceffors, damages, after the rate of fifteen pounds per centum per annumy for the refpedtive monies fo unpaid, contrary to this act, together with full cofts of fuit; and the faid united company, and their fucceffors, and all their (lock, funds, and all other their eftates and property whatfoever and wherefo-cver, (hall be, and are hereby made, fubjedt and liable to the payment of fuch monies, damages, and cofts.

II. And it is hereby further enadted and declared by the authority aforeiaid. That all the faid territorial acquifitions and revenues, lately obtained in the Eaji Indies, (hall remain in pof- . feflion of the faid united company, and their fuccellbrs, during I the faid term of two years, to be computed from the (aid firu day of February, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty (even.

ill. Provided neverthclefs, and be it further enabled by the authority aforefaid, That if the faid united company, or their fucceffors, (hall be difpoffeffed by any foreign power of any part of the faid territorial acquifitions or revenues, at any time or times before the expiration of the faid term of two years, to be computed from the firft day of February, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty feven; then, and in every fuch cafe, and as often as fuch cafe (hall fo happen, the payment of the faid annual fum of four hundred thoufand pounds, for or in re(pe& of the time or times during which the kid company, or their fucceffors, (hall remain fo difpoffeffed, (hall be reduced, in fuch proportion to the whole of the (aid annual fum as the net in-1 come and profits of the territorial acquifitions and revenues, of which the faid company, or their fucceffors, (hall have been h difpoffeffed, (hall have borne to the whole of the net income and profits of all the faid territorial acquifitions and revenues, upon the average of the year preceding their bemgfodifoofiefied; and if it (hajl happen that ?ny payment orpayipept* &a|l havebeeq

mb

i?66.J	Anna fejfctimo Georgii IIL c. 5?.

"i*ade, for or in refpe& of any time or times during which the faid company, of fheir fucceffors, (hall have been fo difpoffeffed a& aforsfaid, fuch proportional part of the monies as ihall have been fo paid for or in rrfpedt thereof, or fo much of fuch proportional part of the faid monies as (hall not have been appropriated in manner herein after mentioned, (hall be repaid and refunded at the faid receipt of the exchequer to the faid company, or their fucceffors; and, in lieu of the money which (hall have been fo appropriated, a fum equal thereto (hall be paid to the faid company, or their fucceffors, out of the fund commonly called The Sinking Fund; which payment is hereby charged upon the faid fund, and (hall be made thereout, after paying or reserving fufficient to pay all previous charges thereupon; any thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithftanding.

IV. And be it further enadted by the authority aforefatd, That monies the monies which (hall be paid into the receipt of his Majefty’s to be refervcd exchequer, in purfuance of this adt, (hall be there refervcd to be for the dif-difpofod of and appropriated by parliament.	petition of

CAP. LVin.	parliament,

An aft fot granting to bis Majefty additional duties on certain foreign linens imported into this kingdom; and for eftablijbing a fund for the encouraging of the raiftng and drejfmg of hemp and flax.

WHEREAS the tonfumption of linens within Great Britain* Preamble# and the Britifh dominions in America, is greatly increafed: and whereas the eftablijhing a proper fund for the encouragement of toifing and drejfmg of hemp and fax, would be a great advantage to the linen manufactures within this kingdom; therefore, we your Majefty's molt dutiful and loyal fubjedls the commons of Great Britain, in parliament affembled, do give and grant to your Alajefty, your heirs, and fucceffors, fuch additional duties on foreign linens to be imported into Great Britain, as are herein after mentioned; and do moil humbly bcfeech your Majefty that it may be enadted, and be it enadted by the King’s molt Excellent majefty, by and with the advice and confent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent par- After 1 Aug. liament affembled, and by the authority of the fame,- That from veral* s^ddieU* and after the firft day of Augujjl, one thoufand feven hundred and rates and fixty feven, there (hall be raifed, levied, colledted, and paid un- duties follow-to his Majefty, his heirs and fucceffors, the feveral additional ing are to take fates and duties following; that is to fay, ^	Placc *

For every ell of foreign linen, commonly called Packing Can-	on

VaSy Spruce Elbingy or S^ueenjborough Canvas, wh ' ftiall be im- re,gn canfai* ported into Great Britain, the fum of one farthing.

And for every elj^of foreign linen, commonly called Dutch BarraSy and Hejftn-CanvaSy which (hall be imported into Great Britain, the fum of one halfpenny.

find after thofe rates for any greater or lefs quantity of fuch

Rr 2	'	goods

tfo.f	Anno	feptimo	Georgii III. C. 58.	[1766.	j

goods refpedively, over and above all other duties impofcd* thereon by any funner a61 or ads of parliament, on foreign II. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid,That lawns, which from and after the faid firft day of Ategujl, one thoufand feven ter«d° and pay	anc*	^lxty	fcven» all foreign lawns, imported into Great

duty,' a» Site* Britain^ (hall be rated and entered as Stlefia lawns, and (hall da lawns} pay duty accordingly; and that from and after the faid firft day ot Auguji, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty feven, there (hall alio be raifed, levied, collcded, and paid.

u ..	. For every yard of foreign lawn bleached in Holland, comroon-

whited fawn, ty called Holland-whited Lawtiy which (hall be imported into Great Britain, the fum of one penny.

And after that rate for any greater or lefs quantity, over and above all other duties impeded thereon by any former ad or ads of parliament.

Duties to be HI. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid, paid in ready That the faid duties, granted by this ad, (hall be paid down otu^n’ dif1" *n reac,y money» without any dilcount or allowance ; and (hall count? * ra*ledj levied, colleded, and paid, in the fame manner and to be lc- an<* f°rm> anc* by fuch rules, ways, and meatos, and under vied, &c. as fuch penalties and forfeitures, as are preferibed and appointed the former for raifing, levying, collcding, and paying, -the former duties, duties. upon the like goods imported into this kingdom, by any ad or ads of parliament now in force, as fully, to all intents and pur-pofes, as if the feveral claufes, powers, diredions, penalties, and forfeitures, refpedively relating thereto, were particularly repeated and again enadea in the body of this prefent ad.

Dut to be re-	^rovi(,e<*	always, and be it hereby enaded and declared

paid^on ex- by the authority aforefaid. That in all cafes where any goods or portation of merchandizes that have paid the duties hereby granted (hall, at the faid goods, any time or times, be again exported by any merchant or merit exported chants within three years from the importation thereof, the doty bv this ad granted, and which (hall have been adually paid for luch goods or merchandizes, (hall, without delay or reward, be repaid unto fuch merchant or merchants who (hall export the fame; under the fame rules, mutations, reftridions, penalties, and forfeitures, as are prescribed and direded by any ad or ads of parliament with refped to any former drawback upon fuch goods.

Money arifing V. And be it further enaded by the authority aforefaid. That b.v the^u’ the money arifing by the feveral rates and duties herein before paiVapart in- granted (except the neceffary charges of raifing, colleding, re-co the ex- covering, and paying, the lame) (hall, from time to time, be chequer \ refpedively paid into the receipt of his Majcfty’s exchequer di-and a fum ftindly and apart from all other branches of the public revenue 5 ereout, not ancj that a fum, not exceeding fifteen thoufandf pounds per an* num, arifing from the faid duties, (hall be kept apart in the laid receipt, as a fund for the encouragement of raifing and dreffing hemp and flax in this kingdom, in fuch way and manner as the

par*

within three years.

exceeding 15,•00!. per ami. to be kept as a fund lor en*

^ 1766.] Anno feptimo Georgii III. c. 59.

parliament (hall hereafter direft j and that the remainder of the couraginr 1 faid feveral duties (hall be referved in the (aid receipt for the JjJJHSjJ future difpofition of parliament.	lnd fla*. *

Remainder to be referved for difpofition of parliament.

CAP. LIX.

An all for refraining and prohibiting the governor, council and houfe of representatives, of the province of New York,

. until provifton jhall have been made for furnijhing the King's troops with all the neceffaries required by law, from puffing or ajfenting to any aft of ajfembly, vote, or refutation, for ary other purpofe.

WH ERE A S an aft of parliament was made in the fifth year Preamb!e# re* of bis prefent Majefly's reign, intituled. An aft to amend ^ting aft* ahd render more effeftual, in his Majefty’s dominions in Ame~ * Gco* *# rica, an aft pafled in this prefent feflion of parliament, intituled.

An aft for punijbing mutiny and defertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters ; wherein feveral direftions were given, and rules and regulations efiablijhed and appointed, for the Supplying his Majejiy's troops, in the Britifh dominions in America, with fuch neceffaries as are in the faid aft mentioned during the continuance thereof, from the twenty fourth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty five, until the twenty fourth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty feven: and whereas the houfe of reprefentatives of his Majejiy's province of New York in America have, in direft difohedience of the authority of the Britifh le-gijlature, refufed to male provision for fupplying the neceffaries and in the manner required by the Jaid aft; and an aft of ajfembly hath been paffed, within the Jaid province, for furnijhing the barracks in the cities of New York and Albany with firewood and candles, and the other neceffaries therein mentioned, for his Majejiy's forces, in-conft/ient with the provifions, and in oppofition to the direftions, of the faid aft of parliament: and whereas by an aft made in the iajl feffion, intituled. An aft to amend and render more effeftual, in 6 Geo. 3; his Majefty’s dominions in America, an aft paiTed in this prefent feffion of parliament, intituled, An aft for punijbing mutiny and defertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters, the lile direftions, rules, and regulations, were given and ejia-hlijhed, for fupplying with neceffaries his Majejiy's troops within the faid dominions during the continuance of fuch aft, from the twenty fourth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty fix, until the twenty fourth day of March, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty eight; which aft was, by an aft made in this prefent feffion of parliament, intituled. An aft for further continuing an aft of the lad feflion of parliament, intituled. An aft to amend and render more effeftual, in his Majejifs dominions in America, an aft paffed and 7 Geo. 3. in this prefent feffion of parliament, intituled. An aft for puniflung mutiny and defertion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters, further continued until the twenty fourth day of yMarch, one thoufand fiven hundred andfixty nine; In order there-

R x 3	fort

Anno leptimo Georgh III. c. 60, 6\.	[1766.

fore to enforce, within the faid province of New Tort, the Applying of his Majefty’s troops with the neceflaries and in the manner required by the faid adts of parliament; may. itpleafe' your Majefty, that it may be enaded ; and be it ena&ed by the King’s mod excellent majefty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords fpiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefent parliament aflembled, and by the authority of the fame. The governor That from and after the ftrft day of Oftober, one tftoufimd feven and council hundred and fixty (even, until pfovifion (hall have been made EI?hibl!5r t0 ^ tbc ^ affembly	fo*	furnifhing	his	Majefty’s

to any ad^of trooPs within the faid province with all fitch neceflaries as are ttiembly, required by the faid a£ls of parliament, or any of them, to be furnifhed for fuch troops, it fhall not be lawful for the governor, lieutenant governor, or perfon prefiding or aiding as governor or commander in chief, or for the council for the time being, within the colony, plantation, or province, of New Tort in Arne-ricay to pafs, or give his or their aflent to, or concurrence in, ^fdurioifoff tbe ma^ifl£ or pacing of any ad of aflembly ; or his or their the houfe of aflent to any order, refolution, or vote, in concurrence with rcpiefenta- the houfe or reprefentatives for the time being within the faid ft**1* colony, plantation, or province; or for the faid houfe of repre-houfe like^d fcntativcs to Pafs or make any bill, order, refolution, or vote, (or-wife prohibit- *rs> refolutions, or votes, for adjourning fuch houfe only, ex-ed to pafs or cepted) of any kind, for any other purpofe whatfoever; and make any	that all ads of aflembly, orders, refolutions, and votes whatfoever,

lutionrexceptwbicb fhall or may be pafled, aflented to, or made, contrary for adjourn- t0 tbc tenor and meaning of this ad, after the faid firft day of meat,	Oflober, one thoufand feven hundred and fixty feven, within

until provifion the faid colony, plantation, or province, before and until pro-therTfor fur- vi^lon fhall have been made for Applying his Majefty*s troops nifliTngthe " with neceflaries as aforefaid, lhall be, and are hereby declared King's troops to be, null and void, and of no force or effed whatfoever. with all the neceflaries required by the recited aft; and all a6b of aflembly, See, contrary to the tenor hereof, after i 0&. 1767, are declared void.

except as to II. Provided neverthelefs, and it is hereby declared to be the the choice and true intent and meaning of this a£f, Tljat nothing herein be-approbationof fore contained (hall extend, or be conffrued to extend, to hin-thehoufe. der, prevent, or invalidate, the choice, ele&ion, or approbation, of a fpeaker of the houfe of reprefentatives for Ole time being within the faid colony, plantation, or province.

cap. lx*

An ad for repairing and widening feveral roads in the county of

Brecon.

CAP. LXI.

An ad to	tnhrgt the term and powers of two ads pafled in tbt thir-

teenth year of King George tbt and the Jcventeentb of bis late Majfjly> for repairing the road from Cranford Bridge, in the county of Middlefex, to that tnd of Maidenhead Bridge which lies in the county of Bucks; and for amending tbt rood from Slough, to a ctrtain plact in Eton, and from Langley Broom, to Datchct Bridge, in tbt of Buckingham.

Jf

1766.J	Anne- fepthno Gicnt&il III.

CAP. LXH.

Jtn	all to continue tbe term,	and render mere effeHuai

in tbi thirty firft year of bis late

roads leading from tbe town s/Tiverton,	tbe county of Devon ;

and for repairing and widening the road'from Bicfcley Bridge Crofs, over Bicldey Bridge, to' tbe fign of tbe Swan, iff the town of Silverton;	andalfo the roadfrom Bicldey Wood Crofs,

to Ford ViHage Water, in tbt faii county.

CAP.LXHl.

An all for building a bridge crofs Jibe river Thames, from SwVn-ford in tbe county of Berks, to Byfl&am in tbe county of Oxford.

CAP. LXIV.

An all for enlarging the term and potters granted by an all paffed in tbe	twenty fecondyear of his late	King George the	Sd*

tend, for opening and mating a new road the eoft ehd of New Street, in the parifi of Saint John, Southwark, to and through the feveralplaces therein mentioned; and for keeping the faid road in repair for the future} and for repairingfevetal other roads adjoining thereto.

CAP. LXV.

An aH for continuing, altering, and amending, two alts of parliament, of the twelfth of King George the and of the tenth of his late Majejly,for repairing	roads leading into tbe

city of Worcefter j andfor amending fevered other	near or

adjoining	thereto.

CAP. LXVI.

An all for repairing and widening the road from the weft end cf Thames Street, in the city of Oxford, over Botley Caufeway, to the turnpike road near Fifield, in tbe county of Berks.	*

CAP. LXVH.

Ah all for amending, repairing, and	,	feveral	roads	in	the

counties of Radnor and Hereford.

CAP. LXVHI.

An all for amending and widening tbe road leading from the Bell-Inn at Northfield, in the county Worcefter, to tbe Woottoa Tumpike, in tbe great turnpike road leading from Stratford upon Avon, in tbe county of Warwick, to Birmingham in tbe fame

county.

CAP. LXIX.

An all for rebuilding the parijb	chur of Saint Martin, within the

city	ofWorcefter.

CAP. LXX.

An all for enlarging tbe term and powers granted by an all paffed in the eighteenth year of bis late	Maj, for repairing tbe roadfrom

tbe town of Kingston upon Hull, to and through the town of

■ Anlaby, and from thence to the town of Kirk Ella, in the county of the faid town ofKingfton upon Hull,

CAP. LXXI.

An all to enlarge the term and powers of an all paffed in tbe eighteenth year of King George the Second, for repairing tbe road

from

C<?66.

from Sacred Gate, on tbe ikbb'infiJUe ef tbe lawn tf Hedon, wtbeetflridSagjf theceantyopforisy tbreagb tbe JoUtarn, e:H^w^flndnvtimab^

; fiattUntpeiabmi m^pmyfkikam, ■ wwnk *Ar temmjbips tf •“ Wytos eed Spreader* tbr guide p*ft in Fhntoa Law, — * Humblctoo MoorHoufe,. hrJba ftmeriiing.

. • i .	— CAPLXXIL

peoref tbe bormgb and

c ap. tylpdai. »	.	.

An edforbuilding a bridge trofs Stbnehoufe crttk, firm $tooe-houie to Plymouth doth, in tbe maty tf Devon.

■ .	CAP.	LXMV. ,

An adfit enlarging tbe term and Waters granted by two nits tf pm-Bftnent, tf toe third tf Xing George the Firft, end tbe eleventh \ tf bis fate Mijejfy, ftr nutHng the porijbioners tf Saint.Maiy | Ratbcrhith, n tbe cosotty tf Surrey, by certain ftmerel rests .. therm mentioned, it fafjbthe fold parijb (harsh, ami ftrfnr-cbejtng an additional burial ground, and to enable them .tt rtift meaty far purcbofmg tbeprefmt parfinoge batsfo, and tmvertiai ..tbe mu thereof intt amtriol ground, and far pratddmgama - parfenogehsufe.-	..	..

*	■ C A P, LXXV.

4*	tfftdua.1 repairiagr.mdsaing, and rendering	tan-

'tmmmiht highways within thepanjb tf Ealing, in the seemly tf Middlefcx; and j far lighting tbr fir at in Old Brentford within ■\ the find pari/b,.frim the tuming towards Kew-Bridge, tt a fired salted Tbe Half Acre. ; -	.

.	CAP. LXXVI.

An a£t fir continuing the term tf fevered ails for repairing tbe read , between Wymondham ana Attleborough, in tbe eounty if Norfolk; and for amending tbe road from tbe end tf tbe town tlofe, in tbs county of the city tf Norwich tt tbe cbalk pits near ..Tnetford, in tbefaidcounty ^Norfolk.

CAP. LXXVII An at! ftr repairing and widening tbe read from Spemal A(h, in the county Warwick, through Studley, te a Jfreet sailed Dig* beth, in the town s/"Birmingham. ■

CAP. LXXVin.

An ail for continuing and enlarging tbe term and powers of ft mcb of two aUs thade in the twelfth year ef tbe reign tf King George the Firjly and in the twelfth year ef tbe reign of King George the Second, for repairing ibe road from Spittlegate Hill, near Grantham, in tbe eounty of Lincoln, to Little Drayton, in tbe eounty of Nottingham, as relates to tbe road leading frees Fofton Bridge, in the eeunty ^Lincoln, to Little Drayton, or ' tbe county^Nottingham.

CAP. LXXIX.

An ail for continuing and enlarging the term and powers of fo mi *f an ad made in tbe thirty fated year ef toe reign ef bis lea

1766.] Anno feptimo Georgii III. c.8o—>86.	613

m tnajefiy King George the Second, Jor repairing and widening tht . roads from Grantham in the county of Lincoln,, through Bottef-ford and Bingham, to Nottingham Trent Bridge, and from Chappel Bar, near the weji end of thi town ^Nottingham, to Saint Mary’s Bridge, in the town of Derby; and from the guide poji in the parijb ^Lenton, to Sawley Ferry •, as relates to the road leading from Grantham to Nottingham Trent Bridge.

CAP. LXXX. #

An aft for enlarging the term and powers granted by ah aft of the fecond year of the reign of his prefent Majejiy, for erefting.and building two new churches, and providing burial places, in the town and parijb of Liverpoole, in the county palatine of Lancafter.

CAP. LXXXI.

An aft for repairing and widening the road from the turnpike road at Hatton, near the borough of Warwick, through King’s Nor-tQn, in tht county of Worcefter; and to the upper end of Gannow Green, in the parijb of Bromfgrove, and to the Bell Inn, in the parijb of Bell Broughton, in theJaid county ^Worcefter.

CAP. LXXXII.

An aft to explain, alter, and amende an aft for repairing and widen-ing feveral roads leading from between the fecond and third mile Jiones on the turnpike road between the town and county of Poole and Winborne Minder, in the county of Dorfet, to Bratton Corner, in the county fl/'Somerfet $ and for repairing and widen* ing the road from the turnpike road in Brainfton, to or near a houfe called Fontleroy’s Farm Houfe, in the county of Dorfet.

CAP. LXXXIII.

An aft for repairing and widening the road from Shaddon Gate, near Carlifle, to the prefent turnpike road at Mulafide; and from a place in the faid turnpike road, between Binfey Mires and North Raw Gate, to join the turnpike road at Skillbeck, in the county of Cumberland.

CAP. LXXXIV.

An aft for repairing the roads from Tunbridge Wells, in the county of Kent, to Swift’s Den, in the parijb ^/Etchingham ; and/n?/7T Frant to Poflingworth Great Wood, adjoining to the turnpike road there, leading to Blackboys, in the county ^Suflex.

CAP. LXXXv.

An aft for paving the Jlreets and other places in that part of the parijb of Saint Botolph Aldgate which lies in the county of Middlefex, and part of a Jlreet called Eaft Smithfield in the pre-cinft of Saint Catherine; and for cleanfing, lighting and watch-ing the fame, and preventing ob/truftion and annoyances therein.

CAP. LXXXVI/

An aft for repairings widening, and keeping in repair, the road leadring from the high road between Bromley and Farnborough, in the county ^Kent, to Beggars Bufh, in the turnpike road leading from Tunbridge Wells to Marcsficld, in the county of Suflfex.

CAP.

6x4

Amo feptimo GeorgiI ill. c. 87—9*.	$17661

CAP. LXXXVU.

At alt to explain,	amend,and render mere	an made

in thefixf/entb and [eventtenth years	King Charles the Second,

intituled,An *6t for making divers rivers navigable, or other-wife pa (Table, for boats, barges, and other veffels, far at the fame relates it the river Itching, running from Alresford, through Winchester, to the fra, near Southampton, and for better regulating the faid navigation.

cap. Lxxxvnr.

At aS to continue and render more effectual	oils	of parTto

tunt for repairing the high ways fromm that part of Counter’s Bridge which lies in the parifb of Kenfington, in the county of Middlefex, leading through the towns tf Brentford Houn-flow, to the powder	mills, in the road to Staines;	Cranford Bridge, in the	jaid county, in the road to Colnbrook; aM

fir repairing, turning, or	altering,the highway leading from the

food road, at or near the end of 8ion Lane, to the town worth, in the jaid county, andfrom thence to a gate on the fosttb fide Teddington Field; and alfo the highway leading out of the	jaid great road, near Small berry Green	, to a	boafe

known by the fign of The George, in the town of Ifleworth afsrc-faid; andfor lighting and	watering part of the/.

O A P. LXXaIX*

An agi to repair and widen the road from Whitecrofs, to the tom ^Bridlington, in the	eafi riding tf the county

An aft for continuing the duty of two pennies Scots, or a

of a penny fterling, upon every Scots of ale, or beer which jbaH	be brewedfor fale, brought into, tapped, or fold within the

town ofBurrowftounnefs	and liberties thereof, in the county

of Linlithgow, and for extending the [ante over	if

Burrowftounnefs; far repairing the harbour of the town, and other putpofes therein mentioned.

CAP. XCI.

An all for repairing and widening the road from the brick kilns on Eaft Mailing Heath, to the turnpike road on Pern bury Green, and froth Brand Bridges to the Four Wents, near Matfield Green, in the county of Kent.

CAP. XCIL

An ait to repair and w:deh the roads from Whitchurch, in tbeeomty tf Salop, to the turnpike road between Nantwich, in the county ifCheftcr, and Nowcaftlc under Line; and from Hinftock to Nantwich aforefaid.

CAP. cxm.

An aft for making navigable the river Ure, from its junction with tkt river Swale, to the borough of Ripon, in	York.

cap. xciv.

An all for enlarging the term and powers of an alt made in the fourteenth^ ear of the reign of his late	intituled.	An	adl	for

repairing the road from Doncafier, through the parilh of Pe-tttfibnt in the $punty of York, to Salter's	in	the	county

of

*	766.3 Aono fcptjmo Georpji III. C.

* of	Cbefieriand alfo the road iron	r,	in	the (aid

county ofvenf, to Hartcliffe Hill, iu the fold parifh of Ptnijlon 5 end far making the feid eft mere effeftual, ft far as the fame relates to the faid road between Rotherham andHartcliSe HUL

CAP. XCV.

An aft for making navigable e brook tailed Codheck,	river

Swale, to the borough ^/"Thirike, in the county York.

CAP. XCVI.

An aft for making navigable the river Oufe, from Widdingtotl Ings, at or near Linton, to the junftion of toe rivers Swale and Urej and for making navigable the faid river Swale, from.the faid junftion, to Mortem Bridge, and-alfo the brook running firm Bedale, into the river Swale, in the county of York.

CAP. XCVII.

An aft for improving the navigation of the river Hull Frpd-ingham Beck, from Ake Beck Mouth, to the dough on the earner fl/Fidiol»e; and for extending the faid navigation from the faid dough, into or near the town of Great Driffield, in tbeetfjb riding of the county of York.

cap. xevin.

An aft for the more effeftual draining the lands lying in the level of Ancholme, in the county of Lincoln, and making the river Ancholme navigable from the river Humber, at or near a plate tailed Ferraby Sluice, in the county of Lincoln, to the town of Glamford Briggs; and for continuing the faid navigation up near to the	faid river,from thence (0	BUhop Briggs, in the/aid

county of Lincoln.

CAP. XC1X.

An aft for ejlabl/bing and well-governing ageneral hofpkaltt Addcnbrooke’s bofpital in the town of Cambridge.

CAP. C.

An aft to amend an.aft made in the fifth	bis prefent

for amending the road from Chatteris Ferry, through Chatteris and March to Wilbech Saint Peter’s; from thence to Tide Gote in the ifle of Ely; and firm Wilbech	through

Outwell to Downham Bridge, in the county of Norfolk; for repealing the feveral afts for repairing the faid road between Wilbech and March; and alfo for charging certain lands in Wal-derfea, and on Wilbech South Side, towards the repairs of the Walderfea, and South Side Banks, which before the pafjtng of the faid aft, were liable to fucb repairs,

CAP. CL

An aft to continue and render more effeftual fiveralafk of parliament, for repairing the roads in the	of Kenfington,

Chelfea, and Fulham, and other parijbes therein mentioned, in the county of Middlefex; and for lighting and watering the faid roads; ana for paving the Jlreet and highway and footways in Kenfington; and for lighting and watching the fame, and the courts and alleys adjoining thereto.

CAP. CII.

fin al\ to fon finite and render more effeftual three afts fur repairing

the

6i6

Tajmo fcptimo Gkorgii III. c.103—106. [1766}

the highway* between Tyburn and Uxbridge, in the county if* Middlefex; and for amending the road leading from Brent bridge « ever Hanwell heathy through the parijbes of Hanwell, New j Brentford, and Ealing, to the great wejiern road, in the fad' county; and for lightings watching, and watering the highway ' between Tyburn and Kenfington Gravel Pits.

cap. cm.

An aH for repairing and widening the road leading from the turnpike road in the town of Tenderden to and over Bull Green, and to and through the town of Great Chart to a houfe known by the fgn of the Caftle at the entrance of the town of Afhford, in the county of Kent; and alfo the road leading from Bull Green a for efaid to Hothficld Heath 5 and alfo the road leadingfrom Bull Green aforefaid, through High Halden, to Dafhmanden in the parifb 0/ Biddcndcn, in the Jaid county of Kent.

CAP. CIV.

An aft for repairing and widening the road from Marchwie! in the county of Denbigh, through Bangor, Worthenbury and Han-mcr, in the cowry of Flint, to a heufe in the pojftfpon of Thomas I Jenks, in Dodington, in the parifb of Whitchurch, in the \ county of Salop, and from Bangor aforefaid to Malpas, in the county of Chefter, and from Redbrook to Hampton in the f id county of Salop.

CAP. CV.

An aft to enlarge the term and powers of an aft ma be in the twenty ninth year of King George the Second, for making a roadfrom the eafifide of the parifb of Saint Matthew. Bethnal Green, in the county 0/Middlcfex, to the ea/1 end ^Church-ftreet, and ireptu a way into Shoreditch, and for repairings paving, and regulating, • Old Cock-lane, New Cock lane, Church-ftreet, and the road 1 on the weji fide of the opening into Shoreditch, and for removing nuifances and objiruftions therefrom, and preventing the fame for the future.

CAP. CVI.

An eft for repairing and widening ftyeral roads in the county of Ayr.

The End of the Twenty Seventh Volume.