THE

Statutes at Large,

Anno vicesimo Octavo Georgii III. Regis

Being the FIFTH Session of the Sixteenth Parliament of Great Britain

Vol. XXXVI Part II

A

TABLE OF THE

STATUTES

PUBLICK and PRIVATE,

Passed Anno Vicesimo Octavo

GEORGII III. Regis:

Being the Fifth Session of the Sixteenth Parliament of Great Britain.

PUBLICK acts.

Cap. 1. For continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty eight.

Cap. 2. For granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty eight.

Cap. 3. For the regulation of his Majesty's marine forces while on shore.

Cap. 4. For charging an additional duty on spirits manufactured in Scotland, and imported into England.

Cap. 5. To continue the laws now in force for regulating the trade between the subjects of his Majesty's dominions, and the inhabitants of there territories belonging to the united states of America, so far as the same relate to the trade and commerce carried on between this kingdom and the inhabitants of the countries belonging to the said united states.

Cap. 6. For regulating the trade between the subjects of his Majesty's colonies and plantations in North America, and in the West India islands, and the countries belonging to the united states of America; and between his majesty's said subjects and the foreign islands in the West Indies.

Cap. 7. To amend and render more effectual an act, made in the fifteenth year of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act to prevent the counterfeiting of gold and silver lace and for settling and adjusting the proportions of fine silver and silk, and for the better making of gold and silver thread.

Cap. 8. For removing any doubt respecting the power of the commissioners for the affairs of India, to direct that the expense of raising, transporting, and maintaining, such troops as may be judged necessary for the security of the British territories and possessions in the East Indies, should be defrayed out of the revenues arising from the said territories and possessions; and for limiting the application of the said revenues in the manner therein mentioned.

Cap. 9. For enabling the right honourable George earl Brooke and earl of Warwick, to build a new bridge over the river Avon, in the borough of Warwick, and to open proper roads and ways thereto.

Cap. 10. For pulling down the church of Saint James at Clerkenwell in the county of Middlesex, and for building a new church, and making a new churchyard, or cemetery, in the said parish, with convenient avenues and passages thereto.

Cap. 11. For defraying the charge of the pay and cloathing of the militia, in that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and eighty eight.

Cap. 12. For punishing mutiny and desertion; for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

Cap. 13. For enlarging and varying some of the powers contained in certain acts of parliament relating to the watching, lighting and cleansing the streets and other places within the town of Liverpool, and for removing and preventing nuisances and annoyances therein.

Cap. 14. For more effectually draining and preserving certain fen lands and low grounds in the manor or township of North Kyme, in the county of Lincoln.

Cap. 15. For supplying with water the town of South Shieldu and parts adjacent, and the shipping resorting to the said town.

Cap. 16. For repealing an act, made in the second and third years of the reign of King Edward the Sixth, intituled An act against the carrying of white ashes out of the realm.

Cap. 17. For the better regulation of the manufacture of ounce thread.

Cap. 18. For raising a certain sum of money by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty eight.

Cap. 19. For raising a further sum of money by loans or exchequer bills, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty eight.

Cap. 20. For amending an act made in the twenty-sixth year of his present Majesty's reign, for the eneourngement of the southern whale fishery; and for making further provisions for that purpose.

Cap. 21. For granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money, to be raised by a lottery.

Cap. 22. To indemnify such persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments and to indemnify justices of the peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for those purposes; and to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whose admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid; and for allowing them time to provide admissions duly stamped; and to give further time to such persons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to attornies and solicitors, or to pay the duties on the indentures and contracts of clerks, apprentices, or servants; and for indemnifying deputy lieutenants and officers of the militia, who have neglected to transmit descriptions of their qualifications to the clerks of the peace within the time limited by law; and for giving further time for that purpose.

Cap. 23. To continue several laws, relating to the clandestine running of uncustomed goods, and preventing frauds relating to the customs; to the encouraging the growth of coffee in his Majesty's plantations in America; to the further punishment of persons going armed or disguised, in defiance of the laws of customs or excise; to the more effectually encouraging the manufactures of flax and cotton in Great Britain; to the allowing the exportation of certain quantities of wheat, and other articles, to his Majesty's sugar colonies in America; to the permitting the exportation of tobacco pipe clay from this kingdom to the British sugar colonies or plantations in the West Indies; to the prohibiting the exportation of tools and utensils made use of in the iron and steel manufactures of this kingdom, and to prevent the seducing of artificers and workmen, employed in those manufactures, to go into parts beyond the seas; and to the preventing the clandestine running of goods, and the danger of infection thereby: and to revive and continue several laws relating to the allowing a drawback of the duties on rum shipped as stores to be confirmed on board merchant ships on their voyages; and to the ascertaining the strength of spirits by Clarke's hydrometer.

Cap. 24. To continue several laws relating to the granting a bounty on the exportation of certain species of British and Irish linens exported, and taking off the duties on the importation of foreign raw linen yarns made of flax; and to the preventing the committing of frauds by bankrupts; and for continuing and amending several laws relating to the imprisonment and transportation of offenders.

Cap. 25. To render more effectual an act passed in the twenty-sixth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for erecting certain light houses in the northern parts of Great Britain.

Cap. 26. For granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the consolidated fund; and for applying certain moneys therein mentioned for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty eight; and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament.

Cap. 27. For reducing the duties on the importation of certain goods, wares, and merchandise, the growth, produce, or manufacture, of any of the European dominions of the states general of the United Provinces, into this kingdom.

Cap. 28. To exempt certain licences, granted to stipendiary curates, from stamp duties.

Cap. 29. To enable the East India company to borrow a further sum of money upon bond.

Cap. 30. To enable justices of the peace to licence theatrical representations occasionly, under the restrictions therein contained.

Cap. 31. For appointing commissioners further to inquire into the Losses of all such persons who have suffered in their properties, in consequence of the cession of the province of East Florida to the king of Spain.

Cap. 32. For vesting the estates of Edward Henvill in trustees to be sold; and for applying the money arising by the sale thereof in discharge of a debt owing by him to the crown.

Cap. 33. To repeal the duties and drawbacks of customs and excise payable on the importation and exportation of wine, (except wine the produce of the European dominions of the French king, Rhenish, German, and Hungary wine, Portugal and Madeira wine and wine of the produce of Spain, or of any of the dominions of the king of Spain), and for granting other duties and drawbacks in lieu thereof; to repeal the duty of excise upon foreign green glass bottles imported, and for charging an additional duty of customs in lieu thereof; for ascertaining the duty on carriages, the manufacture of the European dominions of the French king, imported directly from thence; for obviating a doubt with respect to the duties on white woollen clothes exported; and for reserving to his Majesty the hereditary and other revenues of the crown in Scotland.

Cap. 34. More effectually to secure the performance of quarantine, and for amending several laws relating to the revenue of customs.

Cap. 35. To enable his Majesty to make such regulations as may be necessary to prevent the inconvenience which might arise from the competition of his Majesty's subjects and those of the most Christian king, in carrying on the fishery on the coasts of the island of Newfoundland.

Cap. 36. For the better securing the rights of persons qualified to vote at county elections.

Cap. 37. For repealing the duties on buck or deer skins undressed, buck or deer skins Indian half-dressed, and elk skins undressed, imported, and on hides and skins dressed in oil in this kingdom, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof; for laying a duty on stuffs printed, painted, stained, or dyed in Great Britain; allowing deer and other skins, the produce of Florida, to be sold by auction free from the duty charged on such sales; for amending several laws relative to the revenue of excise; to prevent the sale of sweets for consumption in the houses of retailers thereof, who shall not have licences to sell beer or ale.

---

Cap. 38. To explain, amend, and reduce into one act of parliament, several laws now in being for preventing the exportation of live sheep, rams, and lambs,

wool, wodfels, mort iings, shortlings, yam, and worded, cruels, coverlids, waddings, and other manufactures, or pretended manufactures, made of wool (lightly wrought up, or otherwise put together, so as the same may be reduced to and made use of as woo) again, roattrafles or beds (luffed with combed wool, or wool fit for combing, fullers earth, fulling clay, and tobacco pipe clay, from this kingdom, and from the isles of Jersey, Guernsey Alderney y Sark and Man into foreign parts; and for rendering more effectual an act passed in the twenty-third year of the reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled An act for the winding of wool.

Cap. 39. To allow the importation of rum, or other spirits, from his majesty's colonies or plantations in the West Indies into the province of Quebec without payment of duty, under certain conditions and redactions.

Cap. 40. For giving relief to such persons as have suffered in their rights and properties, during the late unhappy dissensions in America, in consequence of their loyalty to his Majesty, and attachment to the British government; and for making compensation to such persons as have suffered in their properties, in consequence of the cession of the province of East Florida to the king of Spain.

Cap. 41. To enable his Majesty to grant a certain annuity to the most noble Aubrey duke of Saint Alban.

Cap. 42. For obviating a doubt in an act, made in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for wettling and securing a certain annuity for the use of lady Maria Carlton, wife of sir Guy Carlton, knight of the most honourable order of the Batby and Guy Carlton, and Thomas Carlton, font of the said sir Guy Carlton, in consideration of the eminent servicet performed by him to his Majesty and this country.

Cap. 43. For obviating a doubt in an act, made in the twenty fixrh year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, An is to enable his Majesty to grant a certain annuity to Brook Watson tfomu late commifjary general in North America, in consideration if his diligent and meritorious services in that office.

Cap. 44. For appointing commissioners further to inquire into the Losses and services of all such persons who have suffered in their rights, properties, and prosessions, during the late unhappy dissensions in America, in consequence of their loyalty to his Majesty, and attachment to the British government.

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 45. To prohibit, for a limited time, the exportation of hay.

Cap. 46. For discontinuing, for a limited time, the several duties payable in Scotland upon low wines and spirits, and Upon worts, wash, and other liquors there used in the distillation of spirits, and for granting to his Majesty other duties in lieu thereof; and for better regulating the exportation of jr made spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England \ and to continue for a limited time, an act made in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, to discontinue, for a limited time, the payment of the duties upon tow wines and spirits for home consumption \ for granting and securing the due payment of other duties in lieu thereof; and for the better regulation of the itiaking and vending British spirits \ for discontinuing for a limited time, certain impojls and duties upon rum and spirits imported from the West Indies.

Cap. 47. For allowing further time for inrolment of deeds and wills made by Papists, and for the relief of Protestant purchasers.

Cap. 48. For the better regulation of chimney sweepers, and their apprentices.

Cap. 49. To enable justices of the peace to act as such, in certain cases, out of the limits of the counties in which they actually are.

Cap. 50. To amend, and continue, for a limited time, an act passed in the twenty seventh year of the r^ign of his present Majesty intituled An act for further regulating the trade and buss tufs of pawnbrokers.

Cap. 51. To explain, amend, and enlarge the powers of fa much of two acts passed in the eleventh and fifteenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for improving and completing the navigation of the rivers Thames and Iks, from the city of London to the town of Cricklade, in the county of Wilts, as relates to the navigation of the said rivers from the boundary of the jurisdiction of the city of London, near Stains, in the county of Middlesex, to the said town of Cricklade.

Cap. 52. For the further regulation of the trials of controverted elections, or returns of members to serve in parliament.

Cap. 53 To indemnify and save harmless all persons who may have incurred penalties or forfeitures under an act passed in the ninth year of the reign of Queen Anne, intituled An act to dissolve the present and prevent the future combination of coal owners, lightermen, masters of ships, and others, to advance the price of coals, in prejudice of the navigation, trade, and manufactures of this kingdom, and for the further encouragement of the coal trade; and also an act passed in the third year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for the better regulation of the coal trade; and for the better preventing of combinations in the trade of coals.

Cap. 54. To regulate, for a limited time, the shipping and carrying slaves in British vessels from the coast of Africa.

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Cap. 55. For the better and more effectual Protection of Stocking Frames, and the Machines or Engines annexed thereto, or used therewith; and for the Punishment of Persons destroying or injuring of such Stocking Frames, Machines, or Engines, and the Framework-knitted Pieces, Stockings, and other Articles and Goods used and made in the Hosiery or Framework-knitted Manufactory; or breaking or destroying any Machinery contained in any Mill or Mills used or any way employed in preparing or spinning of Wool or Cotton for the use of the Stocking Frame.

Cap. 56. To repeal an act made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for that regulating the inferences on ships, and on goods, merchandizes, or effects j and for substituting other provisions, for the like purpose, in lieu thereof.

Cap. 57. For limiting the number of persons to be carried on the outside of stage coaches or other carriages.

Cap. 58. For enlarging and improving the harbour of Leith; for making a new basin, quays, wharves, or docks; for building warehouses; for making new roads, and widening others, leading to and from the said. harbour; and for empowering the lord provost, magistrates, and council of the city of Edinburgh, to purchase lands, houses, and areas; and to borrow money for these purposes.

Cap. 59. For establishing a permanent fund for the relief and support of skippers and keelmen employed on the river Tyne who by sickness, or other accidental misfortunes, or by old age, shall not be able to maintain themselves and their families; end also for the relief of the widows and children of such skippers and keelmen.

Cap. 60. To explain and amend an act, made in the twelfth year of the reign of his present majesty King George the Third, for paving, ckanfing, lighting, watching, and regulating the squarei % streets9 rows lanes, alleys, and other public passages and places, within the parish of Christchurch, in Middlesex 5 and for removing nuifancts and obstructions therefrom, and preventing the like for the future; and for paving and regulating such parts of Biick Lane as are not within the said parish.

Cap. 61. For continuing an acts, made in the second year of I that reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for enlarging the term and powers of several acts of parliament, relating to the harbour of Whitehaven, in the county of Cumberland, and to the roads leading to the said harbour and town of Whitehaven, and for further enlarging the said harbour; and for lighting the said town, end supplying the same with water; and for regulating the carmen there; and for repealing so much of an act of the twenty third year of the reign of his late Majesty, as relates to the road from Calder Bridge to Egremont, and directing how the said road shall be repaired; and for repairing several other roads therein mentioned, in she said county.

Cap. 62. For pulling down and rebuilding the parish church

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

of Saint Peter le Poor, within the city of London, and for widening the street adjacent.

Cap. 63. For charging several estates in the counties of thumberland, Cumberland, and Durham, settled upon the late Charles Radclisse, deceased, for life, with remainder to his fifu and other sons, in tail male, with the payment of a clear years relit charge of two thousand five hundred pounds, payable to the grandson of the said Charles Radclisse, the right honourable Anthony James earl of Newburgh, and the heirs male of his body to be begotten.

Cap. 04. For the better paving, cleansing'lighting the town of Cambridge; for removing and preventing obstructions and annoyances; and for widening the streets, lanes, and other passages within the said town.

Cap. 65. For removing and preventing encroachments, b {bullions, annoyances, and other nuisances, within the city of Bristol, and the liberties thereof 5 and for licensing and better regulating hackney coaches, chairs, wagons, carts, and other carriages, and the owners, drivers, and carriers thereof respectively, and porters, and other persons, within and for certain distances round the said city and liberties; and for better regulating the shipping and trade, and the rivers, wharves, backs, and quays, and the markets within the same city and liberties*and for other purposes.

Cap. 66. For regulating buildings and party walls, within the city of Bristol, and the liberties thereof.

Cap. 67. For widening and rendering commodious a certain street called'broad Street, within the city of Bristol; and for enlarging the council house and guild hall of the said city, and providing public offices thereto, and repefitories for the books, papers, and records of the said city.

Cap. 68. For enabling the commissioners for putting in execution an all made in the sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for paving the streets and lanes within the town and borough Southwark, and certain parts adjacent, in the county of Surrey, and for cleansing, lightings and watching the same, and also the courts, yards, alleys, and passages adjoining thereto, and for preventing annoyances therein, to open, widen, and better regulate the several (beets, lanes, and passages within the east division in the said all described.

Cap. 69. For taking down the present courthouse and gaol, and erelling and building a new courthouse and gaol, in and for the town and county of Inverness; and for appropriating the Aim of one thousand pounds out of the unexhausted balance, or surplus, arising from the forfeited estates in North Britain, towards erelling and building the same.

Cap. 70. For rebuilding the bridge over the river Rea, at the town of Birmingham, called Deritend Bridge, and widening the avenues thereto; and for widening and varying the course of the said river near the said bridge, apd making a weir and other northeast

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

t&rj works to prevent the lower part of the said town from King overflowed.

Cap. 71. For dividing and enclosing the marsh called mall kath mi cor/jjaagau, in the county of Angltfey, and for embanking the said marsh and for making cuts, channels, and other works, for draining and preserving the same; and for au k>wing the free use of such cuts or channels, with boats or other vessels, upon the payment of certain rates, to be applied towards supporting the said embankments and works.

Cap. 72. For making and maintaining a navigable canal, from Pentre Rack near the town of Flinty to Greenfield, in the county of Flint.

Cap. 73. For making and maintaining a navigable canal from the canal at Doumngton Woody in the county of Salop) to or near a place called Southall Bank) and from thence by two several branches to communicate with the river Severn, one near cauu kook Dal, and the other near Madeley Wood) in the said county, and aho certain collateral cuts to join such canal.

Cap. 74. For rebuilding the parish church of Paddington, in the county of Middlesex, and for enlarging the churchyard of the said partfh.

Cap. 75. For paving the footways, and cleansing, lighting, and watching the streets and other public passages and places within the borough of Hertford, and removing and preventing cbrtructions, nuisances, and annoyances therein.

Cap. 76. For raising further sums of money for the better rdkf of the poor of the city and county of the city of Exon and to explain and amend an act passed in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for rendering more effectual federal acts of parliament for erecting hospitals and workhouses within the said city and county, for the better employing and maintaining the poor there.

Cap. 77. For rebuilding the bridge over the river Derwent,; t or near the town and borough of Derby; and for improving the avenues or approaches thereto.

Cap. 78. For enlarging the terms and powers of twoafts of the twelfth and nineteenth years of his present Majesty's reign made for building a temporary bridge, and completing 3 new stone bridge, over the river Tyne, between the town of Newcastle upon Tyne and Gateshead, in the county of Durham, and making the avenues to and the passages over the same more commodious; and for removing and preventing nuisances and annoy wees in the streets, lanes, or avenues leading to the said new .: one bridge, within the town of Gateshead, in the county of Dvbam.

Cap. 79. To enable sir Benjamin Hamet knight, to lay out 2nd build a new street, from Fore Street to the church of Saint Merry Magdalen, within the town of Taunton, in the county of Somerset.

---

Cap. 80. For building a bridge over the river Trent, at or near Sawley Ferry in the counties of Derby and Leicester.

Cap. 81. For incorporating the governors of the free grammar school of the town and parish of Bolton in the Moors, in the county palatine of Lancaster, of the foundation of Robert Lever, late of London, gentleman, deceased; and for enlarging the trusts and powers of the said governors, for the benefit of the said school.

Cap. 82. For taking down and rebuilding the gaol of the castle of Chester, the prothonotary's office, the exchequer record rooms, and other offices and buildings adjoining or near to the said gaol, and for making proper yards and conveniences thereto.

Cap. 83. For repairing the church of the parish of Saint Paul Covent Garden, in the county of Middlesex; for repairing and improving the gates and avenues leading to the said church; and for removing the present watchhouse, and providing another for the use of the said parish.

---

PUBLIC ACTS not printed in this Collection.

Cap. 84. For continuing the term and varying the powers an act of the sixth year of his present Majesty, for repairing i widening several roads leading to the town of Dartford, in the county of Kent.

Cap. 85. For continuing the term and varying the powers an act, of the sixth yer of his present Majesty, for repairh widening and keeping in repair, the road leading from Turvbrid Wells, in the county of Kent, to the croft ways near Maresfic Street, in the county of Sussex; and for amending the road fre Florence Farm in the parish of ivithyham, to Forest Row in t parish of East Grinstead, in the county of Sussex.

Cap. 86. For amending, widening, and keeping in reps the road from the bottom of Whitejheet Hill through Haricot^the Wilton turnpike road at or near Barford, in the county Wilts.

Cap. 87. For reviving, continuing, and enlarging the ter and powers of an act, made in the fifth year of the reign of f present majesty King George the Third, for repairing and wi suing the road from the Alfreton turnpike road near a place cah Little Robins, in the parish of Mansfield, in the county of Nottingham, through Woolley Moor, to Nottingham turnpike road nc

Tanfley, in the county of Derby, and from Woolley Moor, to t Chesterfield turnpike road at Kelftidge, in the said county of Derb

Cap. 88. For enlarging the term and powers of certain act of parliament for repairing several roads leading into and northeast the city of Worcester, and for repairing certain other roai therein mentioned.

Cap. 89. For enlarging the term and powers of an act, pafli in the sixth year of the reign of his present majesty King Geer the Third, for repairing and widening the road from the Mansfie mi Chesterfield turnpike roady near the nine milefont from Mam field through Temple Normanton, Tipton New Enclosure,

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

Birkin Lane, to Bunting Field Nook, in the parish of Ashover, in the county of Derby.

Cap. 90. For enlarging and altering the terms and powers of two as of parliament, made in the twentieth and twenty sixth years of the reign of his late majesty king Georgs the sc cond, for repairing the road leading from Catteriek Bridge, in the county of York, to Yarm in the said county; and from thence to Sixkton, in the county of Durham; and from thence through Seigtfiildy in the said county of Durham, to the city of Durham 5 and for reducing the (kid acts into one; and for the more cflfedually repairing and keeping in repair the said road.

Cap. 91. For continuing the term, and enlarging the powers, of an act passed in the sixth yekr.of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from the cross or market place in the town of Wimborne Minster to the cross or market place in the town of Blandford Forum, in the county of Dorset. '

Cap. 92. For continuing the term and altering and enlarging the powers of three acts, passed in the twenty sixth and twenty seventh years of the reign of his late Majesty and in the twelfth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing several reads leading into the city of Glasgow, so far as relates to that part of the road from the city of Glasgow to the town of Dumbarton, which leads through the county to the town of Dumbarton

Cap. 93. To continue the term and powers of an act passed in the hinth year of the reign of his present tragedy King George the Third, for repairing and widening the road from maid stone, through Debtling, to Key Street, in the partfbts of Borden and Bobbing, in the county of Kens.

Cap. 94. For continuing the term, and varying same of the provisions of an act of the seventh year of his present Majesty, sir repairing and widening the road from Marchwiel, in the county of Denbigh, through Bangor, Worthenbury, and Hanmer, in the county of Flint, to a house in the possession Thomas Jenks, in Dodmgton, in the parish of Whitchurch, in the county of Salop; and from Banger trforefavi to Malpas, in the county of Chester; end from Redbrook to Hampton, in the said county of Salop.

Cap. 95. For continuing the term and powers of two acts, passed in the eighteenth year erf the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and the seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the road leading from the town of Kingston upon Hull to and through the town ^anlaby, and from thence to the town of Kirk Ella, in the county of the pdi town of Kingston upon Hull.

Cap. 96. For more effectually reparing the roads leading from Pad, through Oswestry, to Wrexham, from Knotkin to han rbotadr; from whitehurjts house, in the road between Oswestry and Wrexham, to Llangolien; and several other roads therein ment tioned, in the counties of Montgomery, Salop, and Denbigh \ and for discharging the trustees for repairing the Bala and Dolgelley roads from the care of the road between Llangollen and the

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

confines of the county of Denbigh, and for making provisior the future repair of the said road.

Cap. 97. For continuing the term of an act, of the mx year of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening Ar from Scoie Bridge to the town of Bury Saint Edmunds, wt county of Suffolk, and for amending the said act.

Cap. 98. For amending, widening, turning, and keeping repair, the road leading from the town of Walsall to haggga Bridge, and the road leading from the said town to a cooux called Sutton Coldfield, and the road leading from the said town a certain brook called Park Brook, which divides the paruhcd Walsall and Wolverhampton, alljn the county of Stafford.

Cap. 99. For repairing and widening the road from the as tingham and Mansfield turnpike, in the liberty of Blidwortf* The Mile Oak, in the parish of Kirkby in ajbfield, in the cow of Nottingham, and from thence through Pinxton, to Carter jjm in the parish of South Normanton, and from Pinxton to the collie, near Pinxton Green, in the county of Derby.

Cap. 100. For repairing and widening the road from the LI after and Welford turnpike road, in the counties of Leicester ar! Northampton, near Fofton Lane, to the turnpike road leading fcoi Hinckley to Ajbby de la Zouch, in the said county of Leicester.

Cap. 101. For repairing, widening, turning, and alterir the road from the township of Saltney, in the county of Flinty i the town of Flinty in the said county.

Cap. 102. For amending, widening, and keeping in repair the road leading from Merlin's Bridge to Pembroke Ferry in tfi county of Pembroke.

Cap. 103. For continuing and amending an act of the eight! year of his present Majesty, so far as the same relates to the roai from the township of Huddersfield, in the west riding of the county of York, to Woodhead, in the county palatine of Chester, an from thence to a bridge over the river Mersey, called Enterclougi Bridge, on the confines of the county of Derby.

Cap. 104. For amending, widening, and keeping in repair the road from Spann Smithy > in the county of Chester, io Talk y in the county of Stafford.

Cap. 105. For amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the roads leading from Staplebar to Lingen; and from thence, by Boresford9 to Willey's Oak and from Kingsham to the Kington and Radnor turnpike roads near The Rod; and from Lingen aforesaid to Wolford, in the county of Hereford.

Cap. 106. For enlarging the term and powers of certain as of parliament, so far as the same relate to the road from Doncaster, through Ferrybridge, to the south side of Tadcaster Cross, in the county of York.

Cap. 107. To enlarge the terms and powers of two acts passed in the eighteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and the tenth year of his present Majesty's reign, for repairing the road from Birmingham, in the county of Warwick,

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

through Elmdon, to a lane leading by the end of Storx Bridge, in the said county.

Cap. 108. For enlarging the term and powers of certain acts of parliament, so far as the same relate to the roads from The Rid Hmfe, near Doncaster, to the south end of Wakefield Bridge, and from Wakefield to 'Pontefrafi, and from thence to Wetland, in the township of Henfall, and from pontefrab to Wentbridge, in the west riding of the county of York.

Cap. 109. For amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the road from Carmarthen to Lampeterpontftepben, in the county of Cardigan; and from Llandovery, in the county of Carmarthen, to Lampeterpontftepben aforesaid.

Cap. 110. For continuing the term and altering the powers of certain as of parliament, so far as the same relate to repairing the rood from Rotherham to The Four Lane Ends near Wortley, in the west riding of the county of York; and for discharging the tmftees from die care of the road from The Four Lane Ends aforesaid to hartckffe Hill.

Cap. 111. For enlarging the term and powers of so much of an act made in the ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for repealing so much oftwo several abs of parliament, made and passed in the /eventeenth and twenty-eighth yean of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, as relate to the road from the end of the county Stafford, in the pofi road towards the city of Chester, through Woor, in the county of Salop, to Nantwich, in the county of Chester, and /wwnantwich totos porley, and from thence through Tarvin, in the said county of Chester, to the said city of Chester. and for more effectually repairing, widening, and supporting the same road; and also for repairing end widening the road from Northwich, in the said county of Chester, to the cross in Tarvin of or (said, as relates to the second and third districts of road comprised in the said act of the ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty; and for including the road from Vickers Cross to the turnpike road leading from flookerf brooi Bridge to Frodsham, in the said third district.

Cap. 112. To enlarge the term and powers of an act passed in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of King George the Second, fur repairing the road from Shrewsbury to Wrexham, in the county of Denbigh, and from Wrexham to Chester, and also from Broughton to Mould, in the county Flint, and several other roads therein mentioned; and for making and repairing a road from the said Wrexham and Chester road to the Wrexham and Ruthin road, in the said county of Denbigh.

Cap. 113. For enlarging the term of an act, made in the second year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening tie roads from a certain place near Bolton in the Moors to Leigh, and theme to the guide post near Golbourne Dale, and to the feuth end of Newton Bridge, and from the said guide post to Winwick, and from Newton by Parr Stocks to the guide post in Parr, in the county palatine of Lancaster; and for making more

A TABLE of the STATUTES,

effectual provision for repairing and widening the said rpadf* except from the said guide port, near Golbourne Dais to ivinstuiek.

Cap. 114. For repairing and widening the road froi$ by de Bridge, to Moffat, in the county of Dumfries.

Cap. 115. To continue the term and powers of an act made in the seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, for amending and widening the road leading from The Bell Inn, at Northfield, in the county of Worcester, to the Wootton turnpike, in the great turnpike road leading from Stratford upon Avon, in the county of Warwick, to Birmingham, in the same county.

---

PRIVATE ACTS.

1. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons or Waste Grounds within the Manor of Riddlesden other wise Morton, or Riddlesden with Morton, in the Parish of Bingley, in the West Riding of the County of York.

2. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, within the Parishes of Mear and Wedmore, in the County of Somerset.

3. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Commons, or Waste Lands, within the Parish of Westbury, in the County of Somerset.

4. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Commons or Waste Lands within the Manor of Bleadon, in the County of Somerset.

5. An Act for enabling Ralph Browne Wylde, and his Issue, to take the Name, and bear the Arms, of Browne, pursuant to the Will of Jane Browne, late of Caughley, in the Parish of Barrow, in the County of Salop, Widow, deceased.

6. An Act for vesting the Real Estate of Thomas Reads Esquire, and Elizabeth Reads his Daughter, situate in Shirburn, Brittwell, Sallome, Lewknor, Stokenchurch, and Kingston Blount, in the County of Oxford, in Thomas Earl of Macclesfield, and his Heirs, and for settling another Real Estate of the said Earl, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, and in Exchange for the same, in Manner therein mentioned.

7. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields or Stinted Pastures, lying within the Parish of Parwich, in the County of Derby.

8. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Liberty of Hixton, and the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Liberties of Drainton, Lea, and Amerton, all within the Manor of Chartley, in the County of Stafford.

9. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Meadows, and Commonable Grounds, in the Parish or Lordship of Humberstone, in the County of Leicester.

10. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Arable Lands, Pastures, Woods, Downs, Cow Downs, Sheep Downs, Waste Lands, and other Open and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Headbourn Worthy, in the County of Southampton

11. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Parish of Bradwell, in the County of Bucks.

12. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Heaths, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within {be Manor and Parish of Wandon, otherwise Wavendon, in the County of Bucks.

13. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Open and Common Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Filey otherwise Filo, in the East and North Ridings of the County of York.

14. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Commons, of and within the Lordship or Liberty of Mowsley, in the County of Leicester.

15. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Arable Fields, and other Common Grounds, within the Manor or Lord ship and Township of Knapton, in the County of the City of York.

16. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Common and Waste Lands, in Fladbury, in the County of Worcester.

17. An Act for naturalizing Daniel Godfrey Hintze.

18. An Act for divesting Sir Henry Clinton and his Heirs of the Tracts of divers Castles, Honours, Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, of the most Noble Henry Duke of Newcastle, and for vesting the same in another Trustee, upon the same Trusts, and with the like Powers, as are mentioned and declared in an Indenture of Release of the twentieth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five, or such of them as remain to be performed, or are capable of taking Effect.

19. An Act for vesting Part of the Real Estate of the late Hugh Lord Viscount Falmouth, situate in the Borough of Tregony, and Parish of Cuby, in the County of Cornwall, in Trustees, to be sold and conveyed to Sir Francis Basset Baronet, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

20. An Act to enable Elisha Biscoe Esquire, to grant Building Leases of Part of the Estates devised by the Will of his late Father Elishaa Biscoe Esquire, deceased.

21. An Act to enable Charles Bowyer Adderley Esquire, and the future Tenants for Life of the Estates devised by the Will of Bowyer Adderley Esquire, to grant Building and Repairing Leases thereof.

22. An Act for confirming and establishing an Exchange agreed upon between the Reverend Philip Puleston, Doctor in Divinity, Vicar of the Parish of Ruabon, in the County of Denbigh, and Sir Watkin Williams Winn Baronet, of certain Lands and other Hereditaments within the said Parish.

23. An Act for Sale of Part of the settled Estates of William Chafin Clerk, in the Counties of Dorset and Wilts, for paying certain Portions charged thereon, and for other Purposes.

24. An Act to exchange Lands and Hereditaments between the Trustees of a Charity Estate in Hesslewood, in the Parish of Hessle, in the County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, and Joseph Robinson Pease Esquire.

25. An Act for vesting certain Freehold Estates, devised by the Will of Sir George Amyand Baronet, deceased, in Trustees, to sell the same, and for laying out the Money, arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Manors, Lands, or Hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof, to thw like Uses.

26. An Act for allowing Timber to be cut upon certain Estates settled by the Will and a Codicil of William Gossip Esquire, and for applying the Money to arise therefrom in making Repairs on the same Estates, and laying out the Remainder in Purchases of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses.

27. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of James Templer Esquire, in the County of Devon, in him and his Heirs, in Exchange for another Estate of greater Value in the same County, to be settled in lieu thereof.

28. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of George Errington Esquire, with Harriet Coren his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned

29. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Townships or Parishes of Swaby and Belleau, in the County of Lincoln.

30. An Act for draining, dividing, and inclosing, the Common and Waste Ground, called Castlemartin Corse, within the Manor and Parish of Castlemartin, in the County of Pembroke.

31. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Pastures, Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Wollaston, in the County of Northampton.

32. An Act for extinguishing all Right of Common on the several Commons and Waste Grounds in the Manor and Parish of Mangotsfield, in the County of Gloucester, (except Mangotsfield Common, Emerson's Green, and Vinney Green), and for vesting the said Commons and Waste Grounds in Charles Bragge Esquire, Lord of the said Manor, discharged from the said Right of Common, and for securing a Rent Charge issuing out of the same for the Benefit of the Poor of the said Parish.

33. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Arable Fields, and also certain Commons and Waste Lands, within the Townships of Kirkbymoorside, Fadmoor, and Gillamoor, in the Parish of Kirkbymoorside, in the North Riding of the County of York.

34. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Lands, in the Hamlet of Little Farringdon, in the Parish of Langford, in the County of Berks.

35. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons and Waste Lands within the Manor of Stretton in the Dale, in the County of Salop.

36. An Act for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields, Open Downs, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Netherhaven, other wise Netheravon, in the County of Wilts.

37. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Heath, Waste, and Commonable Lands, within the Manors and Townships of North and South Rauceby, in the County of Lincoln.

38. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands within the Parish of Compton Martin, in the County of Somerset.

39. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Common Pastures, Common or Moor, and Waste Grounds, within the Hamlet or Liberty of Spondon, in the County of Derby.

40. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Moors or Commons within the Township of Bagby, in the North Riding of the County of York.

41. An Act for enabling Charles Earl Camden to grant, in the Manner therein mentioned, Building Leases of the Prebendal Lands at Kentish Town, in the County of Middlesex.

42. An Act to enable the Guardian of Sir Stephen Richard Glynne Baronet, an Infant, and also Francis Glynne Esquire, and likewise the Guardians of the several Persons who may hereafter become entitled to the Estates in the County of Flint, comprized in the Settlement made on the Marriage of John Conway Glynne Esquire, deceased, and the Will of Sir John Glynne Baronet, also deceased, to grant Leases of the Coal and other Mines within the said Estates.

43. An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Moor or Common within the several Townships of Yafforth, Thruntoft, Little Langton, and Danby upon Whisk, some or one of them, in the North Riding of the County of York.

44. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Township of Brightside, in the Manor and Parish of Sheffield, in the West Riding of the County of York.

45. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, and also a certain Common or Parcel of Waste Ground, within the Township of Featherstone, in the West Riding of the County of York.

46. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Stinted Pastures called Old Pasture, New Pasture, Botton, and Losgill Bank, in the Township of Graffington, in the County of York.

47. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing a certain Common Moor, or Tract of Waste Land, called Tynemouth Moor, Shire Moor, Billy Moor, or Billy Mill Moor, within the Manor of Tynemouth, other wise Tynemouthshire, otherwise Tynemouth with Tynemouthshire, in the County of Northumberland.

48. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Commons or Waste Grounds within the several Manors or Lordships of Billington and Wilpshire, other wise Wilpshire with Dinckley, in the Parish of Blackburn and Honour of Clitheroe, in the Hundred of Blackburn and County Palatine of Lancaster.

49. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields and Waste Lands within the Manors of Streetmarshal, Tyrymynech, and Deytheur, in the County of Montgomery.

50. An Act for naturalizing John Phillip Weber

51. An Act for naturalizing Daniel Nantes.

52. An Act for naturalizing the Reverend Lewis Guerry.

53. An Act to enable the Trustees of the Will of Sir Thomas Dyke Acland Baronet, to cut down and sell Timber upon the Estates thereby devised, and to grant Leases of Part of the same Estates upon Fines, and to invest the Monies, arising therefrom, in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the Uses of the Will.

54. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Marsh, Common Fen, and other Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Long Sutton, otherwise Sutton in Holland, in the County of Lincoln.

55. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Jonathan Twiss Esquire, with Frances Dorrill his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

The End of the TABLE.

THE

STATUTES at Large, &c.

Anno regni GEORGII III. Regis, Magnae Britanniae, Franciae, & Hiberniae, vicesimo octavo.

AT the parliament begun and held at Westminster, the eighteenth day of May, Anno Domini 1784, in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of our sovereign lord GEORGE the Third, by the grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, defender of the faith, &c. And from thence continued, by several prorogations, to the twenty-seventh day of November, 1787; being the fifth session of the sixteenth parliament of Great Britain.

CAP. I.

An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty eight.

This act the same as last year.

CAP. II.

An act for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty eight.

At 4s. in the pound; this act the same as last year.

CAP. III.

An act for the regulation of his Majesty's marine forces while on Shore.

[Clause for relief of persons hastily inlisting themselves.]

XLIV. PROVIDED nevertheless, and it is hereby declared by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the twenty fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and eighty eight, when and as often as any person or persons shall be inlisted as a marine or marines in his majesty's service, he

328 Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 3. [1788.

---

and they shall, within four days, but not sooner than twenty*four hours after such enlisting respectively, be carried before the next justice of the peace of any county, riding, city, or place, or chief magistrate of any city, or town corporate, (not being an officer of marines), and before such justice or chief magistrate he or they shall be at liberty to declare his or their dissent to such enlisting; and, upon such declaration, and returning the enlisting money, and also each person so differtting paying the fooi of twenty (hj* lings for the charges expended or laid out upon him, such person or persons so enlisting (half be forthwith discharged and set at liberty, in the pvefence of such justice or chief magistrate; but if fffcft person or persons shall tkfufe or neglect, within the foie of twenty-four hours, to return and pay such money, as aforesaid, he or they shall be deemed and taken to be enlisted, as if he or they had givdn his or thkir stfltnt thereto before the said justice or chief magistrate; or if such person or persons shall declare his Of their having voluntarily enlisted bithfelf or theiflielvet, then such justice or chief magistrate shall, and he is hereby required forthwith to certify under his hand, that such person or persons is or are duly enlisted; setting forth the place of the birth, age, and calling; of him or them respectively, (if known), and that the second and third feltions of the articles of war, for the better government of his majeay's marine forces while on (bore, were read to him or them and that he or they had taken the oath of fidelity mentioned in the twelfth section of the find articles of war; and if any such person or persons, so to be certified as duly enlisted; shall refuse t6 take the said oath of fidelity before the said justice or thief magistrate; it shall and maybe lawful for such officer, from whom he ha? received such money as aforesaid, to detain or confine such person or persons until he or they shall take the oath before required; and every officerof marines that shall& contrary hereto, or offend herein, upon proof thereof, upon oath made by two witnesses, before a general court-martial to be thereupon calied, shall, for such offence, be forthwith cashiered and displaced from such his office, and shall be thereby utterly disabled to have or hold anf cftil or military office or employment within this kingdom, or in his majesty's service.

[As often as it shall be necessary, officers of the marine and land forces may sit inconjunaion upon court-martial; taking rank according to the seniority of their commissions.]

XLV. And whereas it may be expedient in certain cases, particularly where a sufficient number of marine officers cannot be contfc niently assembled, or in matters wherein any of his Majesty's land form may be interested, that officers of the land forces should he assodatei with the marine officers for the purpose of holding court-martial; be it enacted and declared, That Mich and as often as it shall be necessary* it shall and may be lawful for officers of the marine and land forces to (it in conjunction upon court-martial, and so proceed in the trial of any marine Officer or private man, m like manner, to all intents and purposes, as if such court-martial were composed of marine officers only j and the officers of that marine and land forces are, in such cases, to take rack according to the seniority of their commissions in either service

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 4.

329

CAP. IV.

An act for forging on additional duty on pints manufactured in Scotland, and imported into England.

[Preamble .]

WHEREAS by an act, made in the twenty fiventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for re 27 Geo. j. pealing the several duties of customs and excile, and granting C 13. other duties in lieu thereof, and for applying the said duties; to

!aether with the other dudes compofipg the public revenue; or permitting the importation of certain goods, wares, and merchandise, the produce or manufacture of the European dominions of the French king, into this kingdom $ and for applying certain unclaimed moneys, remaining in the exchequer lot the payment of annuities on lives, to the reduction of the national debt; certain duties were imposed on British spirits manufactured in Scotland, and brought from thence into any other part of thi united kingdom: and whereas, at the time of making the Jhid aft, the said duties, together with certain duties by a certain aft, made in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his said Majesty, intituled An act to Geo. J to discontinue, for a limited time, the several dudes payable in C

Scotland upon low wines and spirits, and upon worts, wall, and other liquors there used in the distillation of spirits j and for granting to his Majesty other duties in lieu thereof $ imposed upon the capacity or content of certain fills mentioned in that act, were darned equivalent to the duties by the said act made in the twenty seventh year of the reign of his said Majesty, imposed on Wort, wash.

other liquer, in the last recited act mentioned, brewed or made in fh; sdto that part of Great Britain called England, for extracting spirits for jujy tjt8, home consumption: and whereas it is found by experience that the said an additional duties are not equivalent, and that it is expedient to impose an addi duty of 6d. to timed doty on British spirits manufactured in Scotland, and brought ^ery anort from thence into any other part of the united kingdom, on or before the of Brin fh fpi fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty*eight; be it rits distilled in therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and Scotland and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, ^{r, ntot and Chmmons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the of the United authority of the same, "that there shall be raised, levied, collect kingdom, of a ed, and paid, unto and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and strength not successors, for every gallon of British spirits of a strength not ex tcj.

ceeding that of one to ten over Iiydrometer proof, which shall j^ter be manufactured in Scotland, and brought from thence into any and for every other part of the united kingdom from and after the day on gallon of a which this act shall receive his majesty's royal aflenr, and on of rcatcfrh*before the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and not exceeding eighty eight, an additional duty of sixpence; and for every gal 3 percent.

Ion of all such spirits of a greater strength than one to ten over over and hydrometer proof, and not exceeding three per centum over and above one to ten over hydrometer proof, fixprnce, and also a and f farther Z 2 further duty in

i Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. ^ys8.

proportion to its further duty proportioned to the degree of strength in which such greater spirits shall exceed the said strength of one to ten over hydrome ftrcn*th ter proof.

Additional^II And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That duties to be the said additional duties by this act imposed, and also all other fmdonrrhbe ^ut*es now pa)^ble by law for or in respect of British spirits fore^aning, manufactured in Scotland, and brought from thence into any other C of the united kingdom, shall be paid by the importer thereof

before the landing thereof, and shall be raised, levied, collected, paid, and applied in the same manner, and under such management, and with such powers for recovering the same, and by such rules, ways, and methods, as the said other duties on such spirits are now raised, levied, collected, paid, and applied, under the direction of any act or acts of parliament now in force relating thereto, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the several clauses, powers, directions, rules, penalties and forfeitures, in such act or acts relating thereto, were particularly repeated and reenacted in the bedy of this act.

Spirits actual

III. And be it further enacted, That all spirits which hall ly flrpt and have been actually shipped for exportation from that part of Great cleared at the Britain called Scotland, and which shall have been cleared out sortation'be wars at ie cust0*11 house of the port where the same shall have sore Feb. i, been ft slapped on or before the first day of February one thou-1788, not to land seven hundred and eighty eight, shall and may be landed in be liable to any other part of the united kingdom, without being subject to the additional tjjc p2yment of the additional duty imposed by this act, anything therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And whereat funding contract may have been made be

Additional fore pif % n& f^importers or proprietors of spirits,

dntv may be Jor frying perjom with such spirits to be delivered in point of time charged ou after the passing of this be it therefore enacted by the autho* spintscqp rity aforesaid, That, from and after the day on which this actrevimis^to receive his majesty's royal assent, the importers or proprie

?hevp3fling> tors f such spirits, which shall be delivered after the said day in this? aft, and pursuance of such contrasts, fl>allbeallowedto add the duties here notdeliverable by charged upon such spirits, and shall be entitled, by virtue of period that to Palc ^ame accor(pingly: provided nevertheless,

but the parties at the parties who have contracted to receive such spirits. Dull contracting to have the liberty to annul and cancel the bargains they have receive them entered into, in case they choose so to do, rather than pay the said

CAP. V

An act to continue the laws now in force for regtriating the trade between the subjects of his majesty'a dominions and the inhabitants of the territories belonging to the united states of America, so far as the same relate to the trade and commerce carried on between this kingdom and the inhabitants of the countries belonging to the hud United dates. 1

as Geo. 3. c. 39. so far as relates to the commerce between this kingdom and the united dates ofamerica, and4 Geo. 3. c. 45. to continue In force till April 5, 1789.

17mj Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 6. 331

II. And be it further enacted, that if any iron, hemp, ail Article from loth, or other articles of the produce of any place bordering on 7.pla<on^he the Baltic, which may be lawfully exported from this king Baltic "which dom, shall be exported from hence, in any other manner Jhan maybe CX such as is or shall be allowed by any law now in force, or ported from which shall hereafter: bet in forc^, pr by order of his Majesty in council; or if any goods or commodities whatever shall con*rary*o be imported from any of the territories of the united states law, any goods of America, into any of the ports of this kingdom, other imported than Aich as by any law now in force, or which a e?teu* 2f hereafter be in force, or by vittue of this present atf, or by Amrricafand prder of his Majesty in councif, now are, or hereafter shall ndt permitted be permitted to be imported; or if any goods or com bylaw, modifies shall be imported from the territories of the said and alsogoods United dates of America into any of the ports of this kingdom, fy^efe in any other manner, whatever than such as is or shall be alr (tares contra lowed by any law now in force, or which shall hereafter be in ry to law, to force, or by order of his Majesty in council, the same shall be be forfeited, forfeited, together with the ship pr vessel in which such goods or commodities shall respectively be exported or imported, and all the guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel belonging thereto. V

forftftarcs to be recovered and applied as by law, respecting the revenue of the custorl8, in the place where the offence shall be committed, and the produce thereof to be disposed of tn like manner in the said places respectively. This Act to continue in force till April j, 1789.

CAP. VI.

An act for regulating the trade between the subjects of hh Majesty colonies and plantations in North America, and in the West-india istands, and the countries' belonging to the united states of America; and between his Majesty's said subjects and the foreign islands in the West Indies.

[Preamble,

WHEREAS the regulations made by his Majesty's several orders in council, for carrying on the commerce between his Majesty's subjects in North America, andlin the West Indies, and the inhabitants of the territories belonging to the unitedftaies of America, in pursuance of the powers vested in his Majesty for that purpose by several acts of parliament, have by experience been found to be be.

and whereas it is now proper that the said regulations should be established and made permanent; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That no goods or commodities whatever shall he imported or If any gook brought from any of the territories belonging to the said united except the armies of America, into any of his majesty's West-india islands f^fied^oiall (in which description the Babamq Islands, and the Bermuda or b^broupht Somers jjlands, are included), under the penalty of the forfeiture from thennit thereof, and also of the ship or vessel in which the same shall ed dates of be so imported or brought, together with all her guns, furni wevln z 3 ture, <jia jflaodb,

r

332 Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 6. [1788.

they are for ammunition, tackle, and apparel, except tobacco, pitch,

thcveffy&c tar' turpcnt*ftc hemp flax, malts, yards, bowiprtte, (laves CV*' heading boards, timber, (hingles, and lumber of any lost?

horses, neat cattle, sheep, hogs, poultry, and live flock of any sort; bread, biscuit, flour, peas, beans, potatoes, wheats rice, oars, barley, and grain of any sort; such commodities respectively, being the growth or production of any of the ter ritories-gf the said united states of Ametiea.

Such articles

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That ted none goods or commodities herein before excepted, enu

poried must merated, and described, shall be imported or brought into Oey be brought by of the said islands from the territories of the said united fern, 1 ^ritish sob under the like penalty of the forfeiture thereof, and also of though ^ipvmi m ve^c* n which the same shall be so imported or brought,

nalt/of for together with all her guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and failure. apparel, except by British fabjects, and in btitifly*buih fltips, owned by his Majesty's subjects, and navigated according 10 law.

Goods, not

III. And be it further bnaifted by the authority aforesaid, be^orted bat it to export from any of the said West

from the West dia islands to any port or place within the territories belonging India islands, to the said united states, any goods orcommodities whatsoever, to any foreign which are not now by law prohibited to be exported free? the country, said islands to any foreign country or place in Europe and alb be exported sugar naelaisles, coffee, coconuts, ginger, and pimento: and to the united that all coconuts or ginger which shall be so exported, lhah states, See. be subject and liable to thfc same duties to which the same are coconuts northwest Severally subject and liable if exported to any Briujb co cxporledttobe any or plantation in Amtrica\ and that the/aid duties shall be pable to the jaised, levied, couedted^paid, recovered, and applied, in the /ame duties as famemanner as the duties on coconuts pr ginger exported to any bnua colony or plantation in America are severally rai fed, ny ia\ipsv' levied, coiie&ed, paid, recovered, and applied: provided aj[ ca, ways, That no sugar, melasses, coffee, coconuts, ginger or

No article, ex pimento, nor any other articles or commodities whatsoever ^rpti^l|nfr0? (except salt from the islands called Turk's Islands, being part of to be so ex the ^a^ama islands) shall be so exported, except by British fob ported but by jc&$, and in british bii ships, owned by his Majesty's frib british subjects, and navigated according to law, under the like pcnxht in British of the forfeiture thereof, and also of the ship or vefltl in whidp oiit*'offor*le ^ame hall exporte together with her guns, furpitnc^ feiture, tea. ammunition, tackle and apparel.

where bonds

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, are required That in every case where, on exportation of any goods or cowr 'V1erf^oods moc^ties to any cblony or plantation in America, a bond

toa Brifuh 1s now or may hereafter required by law for the due landing colony in of such goods or commodities in such colony or plantation, and America, like a certificate is required to discharge such bond, a Gaidar bond v>nds to be hai be required, on exportation of fuph goods or commodi f xvporutione, r tes to re territories of the united states, forihe due landing the in the united same in the said territories; and such bond shall and maybe iutes.

1788.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 6. 333

discharged, upon a certificate under the band and seal of the How fitch British consul r vice consul, provided any such consul or vice disch^rlred cooful shall be resident at the port or place where such goods*

shall be landed; or in oafe there shall not be any such consul

vice consul so rehdent, then under the hand and leal of any officer or officers who are or may be appointed by the said united states, or any of them, for title purpose of granting such certificate; and if it shall happen that there dull not be any officer so appointed, then, and in such case, such bond shall and my, be discharged, upon a certificate under the hand and (seal of any magistrate of the said uoited dates, or, any of them, certir lying that there is no such officer at the port pr place where such goods ihau be landed, and that oath hath been made before fecit magistrate by the master, or other per ion having the charge or command of such ship or vessel, that the goods for which such certificate is acquired were duly landed by him at such pprf e place within the terrimrie? belonging to the said united dates.

V. And whereas it is expedient tt givt due tncouragemtn; tbf

taking*f salt in the said iflastds called turk's Idands; be ircrc

foce further coaled by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and Vessel corn may h lawful for any ship or vessel belonging to the inhabi J tants of the dud united states of America corning in ballast, and state raay- not otherwise, to enter the ports of the said islands, called be laden at sartfsislands, for the purpose of being the re laden with (felt, and turk'siflands form.other puepose whatever; under and subject to the prp with fat vifioos, regulations, and restrictions, iberein after mentioned; anything in this actor any law, usage, or custum* Q (be contrary notwithstanding.

VI. Provided always, That the master, or other persan hav Master of such ing or taking the charge or command of such flup or vessel, vessel, on its shall, immediately after the arrival of such ship or vessel Into

any port of the said islands, make a just and true entry, upon thereof; oath, before the callc&or, or other principal officer, of such port, of his ship or vessel, declaring of what country (he js built, bow manned, who was the master during the voyage, and who are the owners thereof, and the purpose for which be enters the said port, in order that such ship or vessel may undergo the torch and examination of the proper officers of his mayfly's customs; and such master, or other person taking the and to answer chatge or command thereof, shall truly answer upon oath to upon oath. fitch questions touching and concerning the same, as shall he as (bill demanded of him by such coftc&or or other principal officer, demanded upon pain, for any default therein, that such master, pr other of him, on pe pertoo having or taking the charge or command of such ship or nalty of tool, vessel, shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds; and the Collector au collector, or other principal officer of his majesty's customs at fitch port, is hereby authorised and required to administer the " |nutcr bid oaths herein before required to be taken.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto A duty of and (or the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, a tonne to be

Z 4 nag#pa.d for every

334 Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. g 6. [1788.

tonne burden nage duty at and after the rate of two Chitlings and Gxpence fteri ?he unued* ins pa}*awe in dollars at the rate of five Shillings and Gxpence ttares coming Per ounce for each and every tdn burden of every ship or vessel to Turk s belonging to the inhabitants of the said united Gates of jtmeria*, islands. so coming to the said islands called Turfa lp(kis\ and that the How the tonne tonnage of every such ship or vessel shall be ascertained by admem nage is be af furement, made by such officer or officers asuhall be appomtcfl certained. for purpose by the of of hirmajestyfs cugoom in England' for the time being, or any four or more of thewri; which said officer or officers so appointed as aforesaid (batted measure such ship or vessel according to the following toetfcodj videliettyd rop a plumb line over the of the ship, and racy sure the distance between such line and the after part of the stern post at the load water mark; then^measure from che top of the said plumb line, in a parallel direction with the watery to a perpendicular point immediately over the load water: merit at the forepart of the main Gem; fubtrafling from such measurement the above digance, the remainder will 'be the Grip's extreme length, from which is to be deducted three inches for every foot of the load draught of water for the rake abast, and also three fifths of the ship's breadth for the Take forward, the remainder shall be esteemed the jug length of the keel, vo find the tonnage; and the breadth shall be taken from outside to outside of the plank, in the broadefi part of the flup, cither above or below the main wales, exclusive of all manner of (heathing or doubling that may be wrought upon the side of the ship; then multiply the length of ihe keel for tonnage by the breadth so taken, and that product by half the breadth and dividing by ninety four, the quotient shall be deemed the true contents of the tonnage.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aibrefiiidi Tonnage du That the full and true amount of the said tonnage dutyv staf ty to be paid certained as aforesaid, shall be paid into the hand of the col (sttsvu^on ^e<^or his majesty's cugoros in the said islands reffaeaivdy, boardany vef at the port or place wherein he frail be appointed to regde* m fds, and to be any of the said islands before any salt frail be loaden or laidon under the ma b02fr(j of such frip or vessel; and foeh duty frail be under the the c^romif management f frc f*wl commissioner&of his majesty's customs, Turners of the and be raffect, levied, collected, paid and recovered, in such customs, C arrd the like manner, and by (bch and the like rules, ways, means, and methods respectively, and under such penalties and forfeitures, as any Other duties nbw payable to his Ms jessy on goods imported into any of the said islands, plantations, colonies, or territories belonging to dr under the dominion of his Majesty in America or thfe Wsjl Indies reor may be raised, levied, collected, paid, and recovered, by any a or acts of parliament now in force, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the several ebuses, powers, directions, penalties, and forfeitures relating thereto, were particularly repeated and again enacted in thebddy of this prefect acts; and such duty frail, under such management, befobjed

Good

1788.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 6. 335

to the payment of the salaries of the officers and other incidental charges of the port, and the refiduc be paid to the receiver-general of the cuhoms m England for the time being, to be paid by him into the receipt of his majesty's exchequer, under the head of consolidated customs.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no goods or commodities whatsoever shall be exported No goods, e from the said islands called turk's islands, to any part of hi crpt^mo be majesty's dominions in Amtrica or the Wtjl, or shall be turkvl Quids lqadea or laid, on board any ship. or vessel in the said islands to hi majrf called Turk's islands, for that purpose, except salt % and that no ty's domint goods or commodities whatsoever shall be exported from the on said islands called Turk's islands, to Gnat B or, or indies, "

shall be loaden er laid on board, any ship or vessel in the said anij horooda islands for that purpose, except salt, and also except such goods to be export and commodities as may now, or may hereafter be by law im ed from those ported into this kingdom from all other countries whatsoever, 'finds to free of all duties, under the penalty of the forfeiture of all such goods or commodities as shall be so exported, loaden, or laid except salt' on board, and of the ship or vessel in or on board of which the and such art same (half be (o exported, loaden, or laid on board, and of all dea u mav her. guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel. plted from'

all countries duty free, on penalty of forfeiture.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no tobacco, pitch, tar, turpentine, hemp, flax, marts. Tobacco, C yards, bowsprits, (laves, heading boards, timber, (hingles, or imported into lumber of any sort; bread, btfeuit, flour, peas, beans, po frjnfatly so tatoet, wheat, rice, oats, barley, or grain of any sort, shall reign West be imported or brought into any island, under the dominion of India idand to his Majesty, in the West Indus (in which description the fid* r "ted ham Islands and the Btrtmtda or Somers islands are included), jy, el from any island in the West Indus under the dominion of any*foreign European sovereign or (late, under the penalty of the forfeiture thereof, and of the ship or vessel in which the same shall be imported or brought, together with all her guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and apparel any law, custotn, at usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI. Provided always, That, it shall and may be lawful, in In cases of case of public emergency or distress, for any of the governors, 'ptwwy lieutenant governors, or commanders in chief for the time be of'he^rrtlih ing, of any of the said island in the West Indies, under the do West-india minion of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, with the advice islands, with and confeot of their respective councils, to authorise the im consent of portation of tobacco, pitch, tar, turpentine, hemp, flax, masts, mayauthorize sards, bowsprits, (laves, heading boards, timber, (hingles, or the imports lumber of any sort; bread, bifcuir, flour, peas, beans, pota tien of pitch, toes, wheat, rice, oats, barley, or grain of any sort, for a LI, mited time, from any island in the West, under the do jf imported by minion of any foreign European sovereign or (late, for the sup British fub ply of the inhabitants of the said islands: and provided always, jeas.in Bri that such goods land commodities) so authorised to be import tuhflups.

J.*ed.

33s Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. C.

[178ft.

CD shall not be imported, except by (ubjefls, and is

british built ships, owned by his Majesty's subjects, and navigated according to law, under the penalty of the fopfatape abovementioned.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Good iro That no goods or commodities whatever shall be imported

ported from any of the territories belonging to the said united statet,

state^kito 'n,  tlje province's of Nova Stotia, Or tti

Nova Scotia, islands bf'Cape Breton, Saint John's, or Newfoundland, or ion fice. txj be torj any country or Hland within their respective government, up tedyjb der the penalty of the forfeiture thereof, together with the ftdp etc, 161' w ve^ importing the same, end ail her guns, furniture, aafe munition, tackle, and apparel, in cage of

XIII. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful, -!* emergency case of public emergency or di ft refs, for any of the governor lieutenant governors, or commanders in chief for the imehd ma, etc with lns> f provinces! of Nova Scotia, or Now Brtmswick, or of the content the islands of Cape Breton, or Saint John's, with the advice and of their count consent of their respective councils, to authorise the import? cil, rosy u tien of scantling, piankty Saves, beading boards, (hingtes, importation 'hoops, or squared timber oif any sort; horses, neat cattle, sheep, of fetntling, hogs, poultry, orliveftoek. of any sort) bread, bifeuir, fios*, etc, from the peas, beans, potatoes, wheat, rice, oats, barley, or grain of united Sates, any sort, for a limited time, from any of the territories be by^ntiflh longing, to the said united dates, lor she supply of the ioba&t subject in rants of the said provinces, islands, or countries respedihrdf^ Btkiih ships, and provided always, That such goods and commodities So ta thorised to he imported, shall not be imported, except by a tish subjects, and in firifgft built ships, owned by hi Msgeflyfc subjects, and navigated according to law, under the penalty of the forfeiture abovementioned: provided also. That it Atafl and may be lawful for his Majesty in council, by order or or rifethegover ders, to be issued and publiflted from time to time,0 aittbo nor of New rise, or by warrant or warrants under his flgn manual, to im ioundland, to power the governor of newfouniund for the time being to* fmportation horise in case of necessity, the importation into nnv/ou/uiknd, of bread, etc, of bread, flour, Indian corn, and live flock, from any of Ac from the unit territories belonging to the said unked dates, for the Supply of ed dates, etc. the inhabitants and fishermen of the iflaod of ntwfoktuhani, for the then ensuing season only: and provided always, That fodi bread, flour, Indian corn, and live flock, so authorised to he Imported into the island of Newfoundland shall not be imported, except in conformity to such rules, regulations, and restrictions, as shall be specified in such order or orders, warrant or warrants respectively, and except by British fuhjedhj and in british built ships, owned by his maje&y's fubye&a, and navigated according to law, under the penalty of the forfeit ture abovementioned.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no goods or commodities whatever shall be imported from any of the territories belonging to the united dates oijmeries,

by

His Majesty in Council may autho

No foods to

he imported from the

1788.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 7. 337

by fez, or coastwise, into the province of Quebec, or into the united date rountries or islands within the government thereof, or up the by iver Saint Lawrence from the sea, under the penalty of the Quebec ete. forfeiture therebf, together with the ship or vessel importing*he same, and all her guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, ind apparel.

XV. And be it farther enacted by the authority aforesaid, riiat nothing in this act contained mall extend, or be con This act not / trued to extend, to repeal an act passed in the last session of,

nrliatnent (entitled. An act for allowing ibe importation and ex C, '*' urtation ef certain goods, wares, end merchandises, in the ports of Kingston, Savannah 'La Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa Lucea, in the ifknd of Jamaica j in the port of Saint George, tie,

Grenada; tit port of Roseau, in tie island/dominica;

and in tie port/naf&u, in the island of New Providence, one of the Bahama islands; under certain regulations and

but that the same, and every provision thereof, shall continue

and remain to be in force, and of the same effect, as if this act

had never been made.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every the goods or commodities, and all ships or By whoa vessela forfeited by this act, shall and may be seized by the commander or commanders of any of his majesty's ships, or veflds of war, or any commissioned, warrant, or petty officer, spedaby authorised by him or them, or by any officer or officers ofnis majesty's customs; and that every forfeiture and pe How fiosfci naky incurved by this act fkadl and may respectively be sued for, profpcuted, and recovered, in such courts, and by such* "4 and the tike ways, means, and methods, and the produce " thereof respectively disposed of and applied in such and the like manner, and to such and the like uses and purposes, as any forfeiture incurred by any law respecting the revenue of the customs may now be sued for, prosecuted, or recovered, disposed df, and applied, either in this kingdom, or in any of his majesty's dominions in North America, or the Weji respectively, as the case may happen to be,

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall commence and be in force from and after AS to com the fourth day of April one thousand seven hundred and eighty Aprils 1788. eight. P

CAP. VII.

An act to amend, and render more effectual an act,

Kenth year of bislate majesty King George the Second, entitled.

An act to prevent the counterfeiting of gold and silver lace, and for settling and adjusting the proportions of fine silver and silk, and for the better making of gold and silver thread.

[Preamble.]

117 HERAS by an act, mactein year of the W reign of his late majesty King Georgesecond, xj Geo.

An a to prevent the counterfeiting Of gold and silver lacej and C so.

33. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 7. [1788.

for settling and adjusting the proportions of fine Giver and silk; and for the better making of gold and silver thread,) if is (amongst other things) enabled, That, from and after the for ft tin of July one thousand seven hundred and forty two all copper, bryffa and every other metal inferior to silver, shall be pup upon tfrnaftf jtar/i, or inkle only, 7*0/ mixed, wove, wrought, oryfit

upon folk, upon pain that each and every person offending tbmm r ' - fall forfeit and pay the sum of five fallings for each and ramp'- ounce fospun, mixed, wove, wrought, r: <nsr

tfj, notwithstanding the said recited act, great frauds have been earn mi tied by copper or other baste metal being woven or mixed witbftt, and worked up in imitation of gold lace; and it hath also been a furnace for persons to gild and silver copper, brass, or other baste mid, and to spin or weave the same upon [ilk, thread, yarn, or inkle,

to work up the same in imitation oft and to min the same with gfod and silver lace, fringe, cord, embroidery, tambour work, and baitem, which have been so exaflh counterfeited, that the public have Ijf* greatly imposed upon thereby, which tends to the discouragement^ns well of the'manufacture as of the exportation thereof, and to theqfo and wear therebf at born, to the great diminution of the bullim if this kingdojn, inasmuch whatever is used in gilding or fofoping - / copper is never recovered, and also in diminution ff his Majestfs revenue: for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the king's iqoft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of ibj? lords Spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefect tauo be fbun parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, 131at upon thread, from and after the passing of this act, all copper, brass. yam, or inkle every other metal inferior to silver, shall be spun upon only, thread, yarn, or inkle only, and not spun, mixed, worn,

wrought, or set upon silk; and that no' person or peefeos whomsoever shall sell or offer or expose to sale, or export spy copper, brass, or other metal inferior to silver, which lhiibjx spun, mixed, woven, wrought, or set upon silk, upon pain on penalty of that each and every person offending therein shall forfeit'

51. per ounce, an pay the sum of five pounds for one ounce, or any quantity less than one ounce, and the further sum of five pounds frounce for each'and every quantity exceeding one ounce, which shall be so spun, mixed, woven, wrought, or set upon silk, or sold, or offered or exposed to sale, or exported as aforesaid, to be recovered and disposed of as herein after is mentioned; and for default of paying down the penalty upon conviction, shall be committed, by the court in which judgement shall be given thereon, to the house of correction for the county, city, liberty, or place, where such person or persons shall be so convicted, there to remain, and to he kept to hard labour, for any time not exceeding the space of six months, nor. less than three months, ot untilpayment be made of the said and forfeiture penalty; and also upon pain that all such copper, braf$j or of toe metal, other metal inferior to silver, which shall be so fpunt mixed, woven, wrought, or set upon silk, or sold, or offered or exposed to sale, or exported as aforesaidj shall be forfeited, one

339

1788.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 7.

moiety thereof to the king's majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety thereof to such person or persons as shall file for the faiiie.

ll. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the passing of this act, no metal inferior No to silver, which shall be gilt and drawn into wire, or flatted in ^wnorfat to phte, shall be spun or wrought into or upon, or mixed with tc(j for lace, fringe, chrd, embroidery, tambour work, or buttons, inglace, made in the gold and silver lace manufactory, or set upon (ilk, or made into builion, spangles, or purl, or any other materials used or to be used in the making or manufacturing of lace, fringe, cord, embroidery, tambour work, or buttons, made in the gold and silver lace manufactory, or in imitation of lace, fringe, cord, embroidery, tambour work, or buttons, made in the gold and silver lace manufactory, or of any of the materials used or to be used in the making or manufacturing thereof, or of any of them; and that no person or persons whomsoever shall fell, or offer or expose to sale, or export, any metal inferior to silver, which shall be gilt and drawn into wire, or flatted into plate, and spun or woven, or wrought into or upon, or mixed with lace, fringe, cord, embroidery, tambour work, or buttons, made in the gold and silver lace manufactory, or set upon silk, or made into builion, spangles, or purl, or any other materials used or to be used in the making or manufacturing of lace, fringe, cord, embroidery, tambour work, or buttons, made in the gold and silver lace manufactory as aforesaid, or which shall imitate, or be meant or intended to imitate, lace, fringe, cord, embroidery, tambour work, or buttons made in the gold and silver lace manufactory, or any of the materials used or to be used in the making or manufacturing thereof, or of any of them, upon pain that each and every person penalty of fen offending therein shall forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds jl per ounce, for one ounce, or any quantity less than one ounce, and the further sum of five pounds per ounce for each and every quantity exceeding one ounce, which shall be so spun or wrought into or upon, or mixed with lace, fringe, cord, embroidery, tambour work, or buttons, made in the gold and silver lace manufactory, or set upon silk, or made into builion, spangles, or purl, or any other materials used or to be used in the making or manufacturing of lace, fringe, cord, embroidery, tambour work, or buttons, made in the gold and silver lace manufactory, or in imitation of lace, fringe, cord, embroidery, tambour work, or button, made in the gold and silver lace manu factory, or of any of the materials used or to be used in the making or manufacturing thereof, or of any of them, or sold, or offered or exposed to Tale, or exported as aforesaid; and for default of paying down the penalty oh conviction, shall be committed, by the eourt in which judgement shall be given thereon, to the house of correction for the county, city, liberty, or place, where such person or persons shall be so convicted, there to remain, and to be kept to hard labour, for any time

and forfeiture of the metal

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. tvf.

not exceeding the space of six month, nor left than months, or until payment be made of the said penalty^also upon pain that all such metal inferior to silver, which'be gilt nd so fynm of wrought into or upon, or mixed lace, fringe, cord, embroidery, tambour work, or made in the gold and silver lace manufactory, or set upon br made mo builion, spangles, or purl, or any other I used or to be used in the making or manufacturing f fringe, cord, embroidery, tambour work, or buttons, M.P. in the gold and silver lace manufactory, or in imitation if Mb fringe, cord, embroidery, tambour work, or buttons, laewl the gold and fiiver lace manufactory, or of any of the rials used or to be used in the making or manufacturing imqfe of, or of any of them, or sold, or offered or exposed to faffc or exported as aforesaid, shall be forfeited, one moiety theartff to the king's majesty, his heirs and successors, and the otmf moiety thereof to such person or persons as shall sue for tie same.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid To limit the That, from and after the passing of this act, no copper, brass proportion of or other metal, which shall be silvered and drawn into wire, at hcmww flatted into plate, or made into builion, spangles, or purl, of wire, PP any other materials used or to be used in the making or maim fadoring of lace, fringe, cord, embroidery, tambour work Of buttons, made in the gold and silver lace manufactory, or imitation of lace, fringe, cord, embroidery, tambour work Of buttons, made in the gold and silver lace manufactory, or if any of the materials used or to be used in the making or tfiaimfe* faduring thereof, or of any of them, shall hold more, or bra a higher or greater proportion than three pennyweight of a silver upon or to the pound weight avoirdupois of such coppxfe brass, or other metal $ and that no person or persons whoiulip* ever shall sell, or offer or expose to sale, or export, aoy copper, brass, or other metal, which shall be silvered and draw into wire, or flatted into plate, or made into builion, (pan gles, or purl, or any other materials used or to be used in tb making or manufacturing of lace, fringe, cord, embroidery tambour work, or buttons, made in the gold and silver lace manufactory, or in imitation of lace, fringe, cord, embroidery tambour work, or buttons, made in the gold and silver ited manufactory, or of any of the materials used or to be used in the making or manufacturing thereof, or of any of them, and which shall hold more, or bear a higher' or greater proportion than three pennyweight of fine silver upon or to the pound weight avoirdupois of such copper, brafc, or other metal, upon on penalty of pain that each and every person offending therein, shall fortius jl. perounce, and pay the sum of five pounds for one ounce, or any quantity less than one ounce, and the further sum of five pounds pir ounce for each and every quantity exceeding, one ounce, whxii shall hold more, or bear a higher or greater proportion than three pennyweight of fine silver upon or to the pound weight

by

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 7. 441

avoirdupois of such copper, brifs, or other metal, or shall be

sold, or offered or exposed to file, or exported as aforesaid; and for default of paying down the penalty upon conviction, shall be committed, by the court in which judgement shall be given thereon, to the house of correction of the county, city, liberty, or

plt&e, where such person or persons shall be so convicted, there

to remain, and be kept to hard labour, for any time not exceeding the space of six months, nor less than three months, or until payment be made of the said penalty; and also upon pain and forfeiture

that all such copper, brass, or other metal, which shall hold oftl|c metal.

more, or bear a higher or greater proportion than three pennyweight

of fine silver upon or to the pound weight avoirdupoit

+of such copper, brass, or other metal, or be sold, or offered or exposed to sale, or exported, as aforesaid, shall be forfeited, one moiety thereof to the king's majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety thereof to such person or persons as shall sue for the same.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this act, no copper, brass, No bare me or other metal inferior to silver, whether the same be gilt, or tal to he mix silvered, or darned, or coloured, or otherwise, shall be worked e up or mixed with gold or silver, in any manufacture of lace, r*fringe, cord, embroidery, tambour work, or buttons, made in the gold and silver lace manufactory and that no person or persons whomsoever shall fell, or offer or expose to sale, or export, any copper, brass, or other metal inferior to silver, whether the same be gilt, or silvered, or stained, or coloured, or otherwise, which shall be worked up or mixed with gold or silver, in any manufacture of lace, fringe, cord, embroidery, tambour work, or buttons, made in the gold and silver lace manufactory, upon pain that each and every person offending Penalty of 51. therein, shall forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds for one l*r ounce ounce, or any quantity less than one ounce, and the further sum of five pounds per ounce for each and every quantity exceeding one ounce of such lace, fringe, cord, embroidery, tambour work, or buttons, made in the gold and silver lace manufactory, which shall be so worked up, or mixed, or sold, or offered or exposed to sale, or exported, as aforesaid; and for default of paying down the penalty upon conviction, shall be committed, by the court in which judgement shall be given thereon, to the house of correction for the county, city, liberty, or place, where such person or persons shall be convicted, there to remain and be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding the space of six months, nor less than three months, or until payment be made of the said penalty, and also upon and forfei pain that all such lace, fringe, cord, embroidery, tambour tur* fthe work, or buttons, which shall be so worked up, or mixed, or mct sold, or offered or exposed to sale, or exported, as aforesaid,

shall be forfeited, one moiety thereof to the king's majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety thereof to such person or persons as shall sue Cor the same.

34*

Forfeitures, half to the King and half to the informer.

Persons sued may plead the general issue,

and recover treble costs.

Limitation of altioiu.

[Public act.]

[Preamble.]

14 Geo. felt. C s, recited.

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. f ryw.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all forfeitures and pecuniary penalties hereby imposed shall be divided and distributed in manner following; (that is to jap) one moiety thereof shall belong to the king's majesty, his kon and fucceubrs, and the other moiety thereof, with full costs ef 'salt, to the person or persons who shall inform or sue for the same in any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster % by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, wherein no essoin,protection, privilege, or wager of law, nor more than one imparlance, shall be allowed. 1

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall be (ued or prosecuted for what her or they shall do in the execution of this act, he or they may plead the general issue, and give this act and the specia! mauer; in evidence; and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become ooa suit, or shall discontinue his or their action or actions, or If a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, then such defendant or defendants shall recover treble costs, for which there shall be the like remedy as in other cases where costs are allowed to defendants.

VII. Provided always, That every action, bill, plaint, or information, to be had, brought, sued, commenced, or ex lubited for any penalty or forfeiture incurred, for or by reason of any offence committed against this act, shall be had, brought, commenced, sued, or exhibited, within six calendar months next after the offence committed, or after the discovery thereof.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick act; and shall be judicially taken notice of as such, by all judges, justices, and other persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. VIII.

An act for removing any doubt respecting the power of the commissioners for the affairs of India, to direct that the expence of raising, transporting, and maintaining, futb troops as may be judged neuf fary for the security of the British territories and possesstcns in tbt East Indies, should be defrayed out of the revenues arising frmtbe said territories and possessions; and for limiting the application of the said revenues in the manner therein mentioned.

WHEREAS, by an act passed in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his prej'ent Majesty, (entitled, An act for the better regulation and management of the affairs of the East Indio company, and of the British possessions in India; and for establishing a court of judicature for the more speedy and effectual trial of persons accused of offences committed in the East Indies), his Majesty is empowered to nominate and appoint a board of emmf fionersjor the affairs of India; and whereas, by the said act, the said board of of is invested with thefuperinteniance and eontrni over all the British territorial possessms in the East Indies, and over

343

yyst) Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 3.

tb affairs of the united company of merchants trading thereto, in the manner in the said act directed j and is likewise authorised and em ffu/trti from time to time tosuperintend % direct, and control all acts operations, and concerns, which in any wise relate to the civil or military government or revenues of the said poffiffons, in the manner in the said act dire died: and whereas the court of directors of the said company is required by the said act to pay due obedience to, and to be govermd and bound by, such orders and directions as the foetid court ball from time to time receive from the said boards touching the civil br military government and revenues of the said possessions: and where as, never t he less, doubts have been raised, whether the said of arc, tinder the said acly empowered at any time to dire CL y that the expecte of raising, transporting9 and maintaining such forces as may be judged neccjjhry for the security of the British territories and pojjifjions in the East Indies, hall be defrayed out of the revenues arising from the said territories and pofffftqnsy unless such troops are sent at the express requisition of the east-india company \ and particularly whether, under the circumstances now exijlingy the said of are not refrained by certain provisions contained in the said act, from giving such dire Chons with respect to the expense of raising, transporting, and maintaining any forces which may be sent to India for the security of the said pcjjessions, in addition to the forces now there: and whereas it appears thaty by reafet: of the said doubt sy the said directors have delayed to take measures for transporting in the said company s ships the forces which his Majesty has judged necessary to be sent to India for the security of the said possessions: therefore, for obviating every such doubt, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted and declared; and be it enacted and declared by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament af (embled, and by the authority of the same, That the said board of Board of com of for the affairs of India was and is by the said nt under

fully authorised and empowered to order and direct that all the she^ecited C expenses incurred, or to be hereafter incurred, for raising, trans at, empower poning, and maintaining such forces as shall be sent to India for ed to direct all the security of the said territories and possessions, shall be paid, ^nce^or dcfrayed, andborne out of the revenues arising from the said terri forceflent\o tones and possessions; and that nothing in the said act contain India, to be CD extended or extends, or shall be construed to extend, to re defrayed out stra'm or to have retrained the said of from giving^such orders or directions as aforesaid, with respect to the expense territories t>f raising, transporting, and maintaining any forces which may there, be sent to India for the security of the said possessions, in addition to the forces now there.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall not be lawful for the said of to commission give or approve any such dire<f\ion as aforesaid, with respect to ^j^n^for the payment of any greater number of his majesty's forces than ?h7payment shall amount in the whole to eight thousand and fortyfive men, of a greater including the Commissioned and non commissioned officers; or number of of the European forces of the Eqfl India company, than shall

344 Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. p. 9. [1788.

amount in the whole to twelve thousand two hundred men, in eluding the commissioned and noncommissioned officers.

III. And whereas it is expedient that further provisions should he made for limiting the application of the said revenues, with respeq to the established salaries and allowances to be paid there form to any per a tn India, and with respect to any extraordinary allowances or gratuities to he paid therefrom to any person on account of fervius performed in India be it therefore further enacted by the authority Commission aforesaid, That it shall not be lawful for the commissioners for m not to give the affairs of India to give, or cause to be given, any directions, increasine fa or^cr'ns or authorising, by any dispatches to be sent to India, lanes beydnd the increase of the established salaries, allowances, or emolu the amount ments of any office in the service of the said company, beyond fixed by or the amount to which the same are now fixed by the orders which have beenfent ave ^cen ^cnt to unlek such increase shall be specified and to India, un contained in same dispatch proposed by the said court of di recless proposed tors to be sent to India, and transmitted by them to the aid by the direc of for their approbation j and unless an account of tors, C the altual salaries, allowances, and emoluments of such office, and of the ipereafe oroposed to be made therein, with the reasons for such increase, shall have been laid before both houses of parliament thirty days before such dispatch shall be sent.

Commission

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for ers not to give the said of to give, or cause to be given, any direc m^me^nt of r tonne fr payment of ny extraordinary allowance or gratuity any*gratuity, from the revenues, to any person, on account of services but such as' performed in India, or on any other account whatever, to any shall be speci greater amount, or to any other person, than shall be specified fief hso"o anc co, lta*ncd ^omc dispatch proposed by the said court of fi pofedty the re<^ors to be sent to India, and transmitted by them to the said directors, C of for their approbation; and that in every case where any such directions shall be lb eiven, a distinct account of all such allowances or gratuities shall oe added to the next lid of establj foments laid before parliament by the said court of directors.

Directors to

V An be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That hv'd's* ^ireflors f le united company shall, within the fir liamenun*an fourteen sitting days after the first day of February in every year, nual account lay before each of the two houses of parliament respectively, an of the pro account (made up according to the latest advices) of the annual rvec eah<f pt0cluce of the revenues (distinguisoing the same under the several the^respectheads thereof) at their several presidencies respectively, and erf tive presiden the annual disbursements at each of the said presidencies and set cies, C tlements respectively (distinguisoing the same under the several heads thereof), and or the amount of the bond and other debts at each of the said presidencies respectively, the rate of interest which such debts respectively carry, and the annual amount of such interest.

CAP. IX.

An act for enabling the right honourable George earl Brook and carl of Warwick, to build a new bridge over the river Avon, in the borough of Warwick) and to open proper rodbs and ways thereto.

S4S

17 & 8.] anno vicdbrao octavo gfiordll III C io  17.

CAP. X

An act for putting down the church of Saint James at Clerkenwell, Inthe county of Middlesex, and for building a new church, and makingnew churchyard, or cemetery, in the said fuciiht with convenient avenues and paitageg hereto.

CAP. XI.

An for defraying the charge of the par and cloathing of the militia io that part of Great Britain called England, for one year, beginning^the twenty-fifth day of March oticthotuand seven hundred and tighty eight.

CAP. XII.

An act sot pcfcifhlhg mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters   of forees 17, 697, including II 0 invalids.

CAP. XIII.

An act for enlarging and varying fbw^of the powers contained in certain acts of parliament relating to the watching, lighting, and deanf fng the streets and other places within the town of Liverpool, gnd for armoring and preventing nlhfrncot nd annoyances therein.

CAP. XIV.

An act for more effedfrtally draining and preferring certain fen lands and low prowads io the manor or township of North Kyme, in the oonaty of Lincoln.

CAP. XV.

An act for fopplyfng with water the town of South Shields, mid parti adjacent, and the Slipping referring to the find town.

CAP. XVI.

An act for repelling art ad, made in the fecund and third years of the neigft of King Edward the Sixth, intituled An act against the carrying of white aihes oiit of the realm.

CAP. XVII.

An act for the better regulation of the manufaburt of ounce thread.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the variety of reels used and the methods prac

tifed, in making up ounce or nun's thread, for sale, have of late introduced great Uncertainty, and given opportunity to many frauds ruinous to the fair trader, and to that Valuable manufacture: for re needy whereof may it pleaft your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty* by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and common, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same That, from and after the first day of June, in From fitnc r, the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty eight, the reel 1788, reels of used in reeling or'making up that kind of thread commonly cal j.cfs circum led Ounce or Nun's Thread, shall be one yard, or thirty-six inches yard, used in circumference $ and that such person or persons who shall; n making the reafter use, in reeling or making up ounce or nun's thread ounce thread, in? red or reals left than one yard or thirty-six inches in t6c^rfcit.cd 1 ailcir andalf0*1'

jt

[1788.

In what manner ounce thread ie t made up.

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 17.

circumference, and shall be convicted thereof in manner. herein after mentioned, shall forfeit the reel or reels ib used, which shall be broken, burnt, and destroyed, and shall also pay for every such offence, to the person or ersons who shall inform and sue for the same, the sum of five pounds, to be levied in manner also herein after mentioned.

II. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said first day of June, all ounce or nun's thread madcudt0bc manufactured in Great Britain, shall be made up in hanks, ounces, quarters, and pounds, avoirdupois weight, each hank containing thirty threads or rounds of the said reel of one yard or thirty-six inches in circumference, of the same quality and fineness; each ounce containing a particular number of such hanks entire, of the same quality and fineness, and no fradtons or broken parts of a hank; and each quarter containing four such ounces, of the same quality and fineness; and each pound containing four such quarters, of the same quality and fineness; and the cover of each pound or finaller package of such thread shall be marked with a (lamp, ascertaining the contents of such package to be ounce or nun's thread, and specifying the number of hanks in each ounce thereof, and expressing the manufacturer's name and place of abode: and that no person or persons whatsoever shall, from and after the said first day of June, reel or make up any such thread in any other or different manner than as aforesaid, or sell or expose to ale any ounce or nun's thread manufactured in Great Britainr but such as is reelect, made up, Persons raak and damped in.manner aforesaid; that such person or persons UP ounce who, after the said first day of June shall reel or make up any trary hereto lhread n another or different manner than as aforesaid, or

or selling the who shall fell, or expose to sale, any such thread of the manufac same, to for ture of Great Britain, so reeled or made up in another or dif feitthe ferent manner than as aforesaid, knowing the same to be form amfiol.for properly reeled or made up, and shall be convicted thereof as each pound herein after mentioned, shall forfeit and pay to the person or per weight there fons Who shall inform and sue for the same, the thread so reeled f or made up contrary to the intent and meaning of this act, and the sum of ten pounds for each pound thereof, avoirdupois Not to extend weight, to be levied in manner after mentioned: provided alto thread of Ways, That nothing in this act contained shall be extended to the hank 8 in such ounce or nun's thread, of forty threads in the hank, as manufactured shall be bona fide manufactured and made up and on hand at the prior to June said first day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty eight.

III. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That such person or persons who shall imitate or counterfeit the mark or (lamp used by any manufacturer of such thread, in order to same, and the make the thread therewith damped pass for the manufacture of thread, aaalfo the person whose damp is so counterfeited, or who shall mark or (lamp any thread with a stamp so counterfeited, or who shall fell, or expose to sale, any thread so marked with a counterfeit stamp, knowing the same to be counterfeited, and shall be convicted

i, 1788. Persons counterfeiting damps, See. to forfeit the

lol.

1788.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. iji 347

thereof in mapner after meftfioned, shall, in every such case, forfeit all such damp or (lamp, to be broken and destroy ed, and shall also forfeit, to and fqr the use of the person whose (lamp is so counterfeited, the thread so damped with such counterfeited damp, and the sum of ten pounds, to be levied in manner herein after mentioned,

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any two or mptc judices of Justices may the peace of the county, riding, division, city, town, or place, determine of withir. which any offence against this act shall be committed, or fences against within which the offenders shall reside or be found, to hear and 1 18 a*determine all offences against this act; and such judices are hereby empowered and required, on information exhibited, or complaint to them made in writing in that behalf, to summon the party accused, and also the witnesses on either side, and to examine into the matter, and upon proof made thereof, either by the voluntary confession, or by examination of the party accused, or by the oath of two or more credible witnesses, to give judgement for the forfeitures and penalties, according as in and by this act; is directed, and to issue their warrant for carrying such sentences into execution, and for levying the penalties by didrefs and sale (if not redeemed within ten days) of the offender'* jgooxls or effects, rendering the overplus, if any shall be, after deducing the charge of such didrefs and sale, to the owner or owners thereof and in case such goods or effects cannot be found fuf andmaycom ficient for payment of the said penalties, then to commit the of "I sender or offenders to the gaol of the county, riding, division, mwngpenal city, town, or place, where the offence shall be committed, ties,there to remain for the space of three months, unless such penalties be sooner paid and satisfied*if any person or per Persons ag foris (full find him or themselves aggrieved by the judgement of grieved may any such judices, then he or they shall or may, upon giving fe ^nera^quar curity to make good the sentence, and to pay such costs as shall sessions. bcoidered in case such judgement shall be affirmed, appeal to the justices of the peace at the next general quarter sessions for fush county, riding, division, city, town, or place, who are hereby empowered to summon and examine witnesses upoa oath, and finally to hear and determine the same and in case the judgement shall be affirmed, it shall be lawful for such judices to order the appellant to pay such costs, occasioned by such appeal, as to them shall seem meet.

V Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall be law Penalties may full to, and in the power of the said justices of the peace, and also* of the said quarter sessions, to modify and mitigate the said

penalties, in such manner as to them shall seem expedient, provided that such penalties shall in no case be reduced below one half, and the full cods of the prosecution.

VI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any Witnesses not person or persons shall he summoned as a witness or witnesses, attending, to to give evidence before such justices of the peace, touching any forfeit

of the matters relative to this act, either on the part of the pro aa fecutor.

34

Onus pro bandi to lie upon the owner of the thread.

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. C.

[1788.

feeutor, Or the person or persons accused, and shall neglect or refuse to appear at the time and place to be for that purpose appointed, without a reasonable excuse for such his, her, er their neglect or refusal, to be allowed by such justicea of the peace before whom the prosecution shall be depending, that then every such person shall, for every such offence, forfeit, to and for the tlfe of the prosecutor, the sum of five pounds, to be levied and paid in such manner and by such means as is hereiir before directed as to other penalties, besides being liable to be compelled to appear and give evidence by means of another fumtnosu, under the like penalty, or any other means known and pra&fed in the law in similar cases.

VII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That when any thread shall "be seized in pursuance of the powers contained in this act, and it shall be alleged or pleaded that such thread is of foreign manufacture, the Qmu Probandi shall lie upon the owner of such thread; and if the owner of such thread shall soil in such proof, the thread b seized shall be forfeited, and the owners made liable to the penalty before mentioned.

CAP. XVIII.

An act for raising a certain Turn of money by loans or exchequer bills, for the fenrice of the year one tboniand seven hundred and eighty eight.  *3, 500, 000l. to be taised by this act.

CAP. XIX.

An act for raising a further sum of money by loans or exchequer bills, for the ferrice of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty eight. -- a, oooo, ooql. to be raised by this act, in manner as by malt aft.

CAP. XX.

An act for amending an act made in the twenty sixth year of his fire sent Majesty's reign, for the encouragement of the fouthem whale fifllery$ and for making further provisions for that purpost,

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act made and pojfed in the twenty sixth6 Geo. 3. year of the reign of his present Majesty, (entitled, An ac.

jo, recited, for the encouragement of the southern whale fishery), certain premiums, for a limited time, are allowed to twenty ships or vessels employed in the fmd fi/bery* under the limitations and restrictions in the fold aft contained: and whereas for fifteen of such ships or vessels the premiums are to be allowed, on condition that t hey/ball have been fitted and cleared out, conformably to the dirtftions of the said act after the first day i?/may W before the first day of September one thousand seven Imndred and fightyfix, and between the first day of May and the'first day of September in each succeeding year, and ball return into some port of Great Britain bfore the first day of July, in thewr subsequent to that in which they cleared out; and to five other of such ships or vessels the premiums are to be allowed on condition that such Jbtps or vtffus bad have been fitted and cleared out, conformably to fbe directions of the find reeked aft? and fimll Gaol within the tom

herein

Aimer victfgnfj0( 6^b[v(tgeoit6i^ III c. 20. 345

htrein befort mdntioned, and/ball return into forhe potin Great Britt* ti hi not lift than eighteen months, And not more thdn twenty-eight monthsfront tie fit ft day May in they eat in which they cleared out; and whereas it is expedient that the foetid recited act should be amended, in regard to the times when the Ships or vessels proceeding on the aid fi/hety ate required to clear out from and to return to Great Britain;

And it is also proper that further inducements should be held out to en courage and extend the jaidfishery; may it therefore pleaseyottr ma jeflj that it rnay he enabled, and be it enacted by the King'* most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consenti: of the! lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in ffii* pfelertf parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, Thar, from From April and after the fifteenth day of April in the present ytut one thou 15*7* the sand seven hundred and eighty eight, the respective premiums, granted by the said recited act to the fifteen ships or veffetetoss it therein particularly mentioned, shall, during the time for shipg, shall be which the said premiums are granted by the said act, be paid andf allowed to allowed to Arch fifteen ships or vessels as shall be fitted and clearuchji!cicar ed out, under the conditions, regulation, and restrictions of (hat so^as the said act, between the said fifteenth day of April and the first Nov. 1, 17s#/ day of November, in the present year one thousand seven hundred and between dnd eighty eight, and between the first day of January and the J, n first day of November in tocty succeeding year, and shall return ^vuc tofotne port in Great Britain on or before the first day of Sep cceding year, (ember, in the year ftibsequent to that in Which such ships or and return by vessels shall have been fitted and cleared out; and that the re fpt* ?the

Sfdtiv'e premiums, granted by the said recited act to the five thd

ips or vessels as therein particularly mentioned, (halt, during premiums the same period, be paid' and allowed to such five ships or vel granted to s fels as shall be fitted and cleared out, in like manner, between i*fp9 jjan* Ae said fifteenth day of April and the first day of November, in clw Ae present year one thousand fevert hundred and eighty eight, out within the and between the first day of January and the first day of Noverti same periods her in every succeeding year, and which shall return to same" d return by port in Great Britain on or before the thirty first day of decern ter, in the year subsequent to that in which such ship or vd&i quest to their shall have been fitted and cleared out, but not in less time than clearing otit. fourteen months from the clearing out of such ship or vessel.

If. And, for the further encouragement and extenfiort of the said jljbery, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, during Additional the time for which premiums are granted to twenty ships or vef feuby the said herein before mentioned act, made and passed three of the in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, the ao ^ips to fartral additional premiums herein after mentioned shall be paid which pre and allowed, under the Conditions, regulations, and restrictions^miums arc of the said act, and of this present act, to the owner or owners of three ships or vessels which shall be fitted and cleared out C condi from some port of Great Britain of Ireland, or the islands of tiens herein Guernsey, Jeffery, or Man, between the fifteenth day of April and specified. the first day of November, in the present year one thousand seven hundred and eighty eight, and between the first day of January

A 34 and

How far ship may fail, that carry on th fishery to the eastward or westward of Cape Horn, or through the strcighth of Magellan; which ships mu ft have a licence from the east-india and South Sea companies, etc.

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. aa [1788.

and the first day of November in every succeeding year and which shall double Cape Horn, or pass though the Sireigbn efr. Magellan into the southseas, and carry on the said fishery, duriu^ the space of four months, to the westward of Cape Horn in thde seas, that is to say; To the owner or owners of such (hiper vessel as shall be so fitted and cleared out, and shall To carry an the said fishery, and shall return to some port in Great Britain' on or before the first day of December s the second year after that in which such ship or vessel shall have so fitted and cleared out, but not in lef$ time than eighteen months from the clearing out of such ship or vessel, and which shall so return with the greatest quantity of oil or head matter (being not less in the whole than thirty tonnes, caught during the said voyage either outward or homeward), there shall be paid and allowed the premium of eight hundred pounds; and to the owner or owners of the ship or vessel which shall be so fitted and cleared out, and which shall return as aforesaid with the next greatest quantity of oil or head matter (being not less in the whole than thirty tonnes, caught during the said voyage either outward or homeward), there shall be paid and allowed seven hundred pounds; and to the owner or owners of the ship or vessel which shall be so fitted and cleared out, and which shall return as aforesaid with the next greatest quantity of oil or head matter (being not less in the whole than thirty tonnes, caught during the said voyage either outward or homeward), there shall be paid and allowed the sum of six hundred pounds.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any ship or vessel, employed in carrying on the said southern whale fishery to the eastward of the Cape of Good Hope, to sail or pals as far as the equator northward, and as far as fifty-one decrees longitude east from London, and no further; and for any ship or vessel, employed in carrying on the said fishery to the west ward of Cape Horny or through the Speights of Magellan, to sail and pass as far as the equator northward, and as far as one hundred and eighty degrees longitude west from London, and no further: provided always, That every ship or vessel, which shall fail or pass to the eastward of the Cape of Good Hope, or to the west ward of Cape Horn, or through the Straights of Magellan, shall be obliged to have a licence from the East India and South Sea companies, and the master shall be obliged to deliver, or cause to be delivered, a certificate, as required by the said act, made in the twenty sixth year of his present Majesty's reign, rci'pecting ships allowed to proceed to the respective limits therein mentioned, on the terms and conditions, and subject to the provisions in that act prescribed; and every such ship or vessel, lieenfed pursuant to this atft, the owner or owners, and the master and crew thereof, shall be subject and liable to all and every the terms, conditions, and provisions, in, and by the said al of the twenty sixth year of his present Majesty's reign prescribed, and shall be liable to dll and every the penalties and forfeitures in such a provided.

and

1788.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 20, 351

an iotended for things done or omitted tq be done, contrary to the rules and regulations in the said act provided with regard to tipps or vessels passing the Cape of Good Hope or Gapt Horn or the Stfiights of Magellan.

IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, the united company of merchants of England India

trading to the East India, shall not be required or obliged to Pcd todt

grant any licence for any ship or vessel to fail to or pass within grarft^ny lithe limits of their exclusive trade round the Cape of Good Hope, cence until until the owner or owners of such ship or vessel, or the major bond be given part of such owners, if there shall be more than one owner, shall have entered into and executed a bond to the said united com onboard etc! pany, in the penalty of two thousand pounds, with a condition '

to be thereunder written for payment to the said united company of the sum of one thousand pounds, as a forfeiture to the use of the said united company, over and above the forfeitures and penalties, mentioned in the said act of the twenty sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, in case any goods or merchandizes whatsoever (other than and except the stores of such ship or vessel, and the tackle, materials, and other things necessary for the purpose of the voyage) shall be taken into or put on board such ship or vessel, for or upon her outward voyage; or in case such ship or vessel shall have taken on board, in any part of the voyage homeward before her arrival in Great Britain, any goods or merchandise of the growth, produce, or manufacture of the East Indies, or any islands, ports, havens, coasts, cities, towns, or places, between the Cape of Good Hope and the Straights of Magellan, to the value of one hundred pounds or upwards, computing the same according to the value in England, except such provisions,

(fores, or clothing, as it may at any time during the voyage have become necessary for the said ship's crew to take on board, for the sole use of the said crew.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That If anything in case anything shall be done by any ship or vessel, licensed as [hi^anljthe aforesaid, or by the owner or owners, matter or crew thereof, in recited act be any way respecting the rights and privileges of the said united done by any company, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this and licensed ship, the said former act, the owner or owners of the said ship or vef "ot C

fel shall not afterwards be entitled to require, nor shall the said future licence, united company be obliged to grant or give to them, or any of them, any future licence for the same, or for any other ship or vessel to proceed within the limits of the said company's exclusive trade.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in case any ship or vessel, Governor of to be licensed by the said united company as aforesaid, shall touch St Helena, at the island of Saint Helena, or shall be found within the limits f A

before described, it shall and may be lawful to and for the go hips, 1CCD C vernor of Saint Helena, the commander of any ship or vessel be*to or in the service of the said company, or any personuthorised or deputed by them respectively, or to and for any

agent.

3$

and if smy goods be found they shall be forfeited, etc.

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. G( (

(peoisily authorised tkdeputed fat that purpose said company, nd residing at any place Within flic HU'. described, to (Starch and examine such lioeftfed ship car see if any goods or merchandizes shall be on board her, to the provisons of the said alt of the twenty fact hr present Majesty's reign, and of (his ad; and in C goods or merchandizes shall be found in Of cw board Off vessel, on (rich (Search or examination, the same (half be to tlte bid united company, and (he owner or metier of the said ship of vessel - be tablet penalties and farfertonss for trading contrary to the party's charters; and if (hat) and may he lawful to and for united company, and the pertdns sforefetd, on the beha the We of the said company, td feide and take away ft and merchandizes to and for the use of the said united and to send them home to the said united company, or' and diijpofo thereof to the use of the said company, as'think fit.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority That it Avail and may be lawful for the said ships at which shall be so fitted and cleared out as aforesaid, for

Ships fitted out for the purpose of

Cape of Good through the Streights of jlfageildn, not being of left Hope, etc. hundred tonnes burden to be properly, furnished with^fh d th ammunition for refinance and defence provided the arm?, CC on owners of such [hips or vessels, before clearing out, staff obtaining a 1i*licence from the lord high admiral of Great Britan,cence from the commissioners for executing the office of lord high ad admiralty, tic time being, authorising the same.

VIII. And be it further enatflerf by the authority

and the ad That the lord high admiral of Great Britain or the miralty may goners for executing the office of lord high admiral for t t^sech^w* isaod are hereby authorised and empowered to g

on the condi Kcentte for arming, in such eases as to him or them tiens herein fit and proper; provided that there shall have been exhi

hmv or them a1 Certificate, under the hands and seats of the missioner of his majesty's customs (which certificate hereby authorised and retired to give), testifying that f or veum is entered out for the purpose of doubling the Good Hope or Gdpe Pforrl, Or passing through the Str/ Magellan; and provided also, that the owner or owners ship or vefle} fesdl have entered into a bond, with two (i sureties, in the sum of one thousand pounds, with that fetch arms and ammunition hall not be used for any t fed purpose. merely for refinance and defence in cases voluntary hoftilhy.

IX. And be it' Amber enacted by the authority t That rto ship or vessel whatever fhsfl beitttitled, within

mentioned

No ship entitled to more than one additional pre

ti, C phds of time itfpcflfively limited by this tdt mafcp two*fiitp or vmm to feitort audio return froth such voyage,

1788.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. to 353

that one Of the additional premiums hereby granted, although voyage in such ship or vessel Hull make two voyages within any one of the th l'e periods aforesaid. stoss

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That j premjam

no premium whatever, granted by the said act passed in the to be allowed twenty sixth year of his present Majesty's reign, or by this act, any teflw shall be paid and allowed to the owner or owners of any ship or which fcall vessel which shall clear out after the fifteenth day of April, in the*ggr

present year one thousand seven hundred and eighty eight, on asters it be*the said fishery, unlcfe it Hull appear by certificates from the certified that proper officers of the customs, that such ship or vessel was visited, (he was yifited and the crew by them respectively mustered, as well before the

clearing out of such ship or vessel for the said fishery, at on her*return to any port in Great Britain, any law, custom, or triage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no ship or vessel which after the fifteenth day of April oat "or unless she

thousand seven hundred and eighty eight, shall be fitted or?7 rei

cleared out for the said fishery, mall be entitled to any of the

premiums, granted either by the said act passed in the twenty

firth years his present Majesty's reign, or by this present act,

unkfs such ship or vessel shall have been duly regiftorcd pursuant to the terms and directions of an act passed in the twenty sixth

year of his majest/s reign, (entitled. An act for tbt further in

trtafe and encouragement of hipping and navigation.)

XII. And be it forther enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the several additional premiums granted by this act, shall ren?, 'ln!* be paid by such and the like person, and in such and the like fbfsaa to be manner, and under such and the like conditions, rules, regu paid agreeable iariont, and restrictions, as is and are' directed and prescribed in to the rule of andty the said herein before recited act, made and passed in the recited twenty sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, and in and* by this present, ad.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all oil, head matter, or other produce of fish or creatures jjfiljdc. may living in the feaa, caught and taken in any part of the ocean by duty^uee in the crew of any ship of vessel so fitted and cleared out as afore thipa fitted said, for the several additional premiums granted by this act, out agreeable and which Dull so double Cape Horn, or pass through the to this act.

Sirrigittof Magellan and so cairy on the said fishery in the South Stas, shall, upon importation into Great, be admitted to entry, and landed under the usual restrictions and regulations, without payment of any duty whatever.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid1.

That if any person or persona, not being a subject or subjects of Foreigner his Majesty, who has or have been heretofore employed in whobavecar canrying on the whale fishery, and being the owner or owners fishery f any Blip or vessel, and intending to reside, together with Iris^years, m their family or families, in this kingdom, for the purpose of and coming cantiauing to canyon such fishery from hence, (Ml, cm or with their tefbfe the fir sit day of Jemary one moofand seven hundred and

ninety, uugjoct

354 Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 20.

[178k

before Jan. r, ninety, come into this kingdom, together with his or their 179* may family or families, and shall bring any ship or vessel or ships to carrion or veff^s> built before the first day of January one thouseol the whale fish seven hundred and eighty eight, to Great Britain, the number cry from of such ships or vessels not exceeding forty in the whole Great Britain manned with any number of seamen or fishermen, not less thaw (hips buflt twelve in number, having been heretofore employed in carvj^ before Jan. i, ing on the said fishery in every such ship or vessel; and it fhril 1788, not ex be made appear, to the satisfaction of the commissioners of ceeding 40, his majesty's customs in England and Scotland respectively, by etc the oaths (or affirmations, if of the people called Quakers) of such owners respectively, (which oaths or affirmations the said of are hereby respectively authorised and im powered to administer), and by other means, that he or they have been so employed in carrying on the said fishery for three years next previous to his or their arrival, and that he or they, together with his or their family or families (if any they shall have), are then actually resident in Great Britain, and that twelve such seamen and fishermen at the least are brought into Great Britain in every such ship or vessel, and the same shall be certified by the said of in England and Scotland respectively to his Majesty, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, his heirs and successors, by and with the advice of his privy council, if he shall see just cause so to do, to grant to the owner or owners of every such ship or vessel or ships or vessels, not exceeding in the whole forty in number, a licence or licences to fit out any such ship or vessel for the sole purpose of carrying on the said whale fishery from Great Britain, and to employ such ship or vessel in carrying on the same; and every such ship or vessel shall, from and after the granting of such licence as aforesaid, during the continuance of such licence, enjdy all the privileges and advantages which now by law belong, or may at any time hereafter belong, to any british ship or vessel employed in the said fishery (except the premiums granted by this act, and by the hereinbefore recited act, made and passed in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty), and shall be allowed to import oil, and all other produce of the whale fishery, subject to the regulations and provisions herein before contained, and free from all duties whatever, any law or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Such foreign That if any such ship or vessel, so licensed as aforesaid, shall as hae ave een cmplycc* by such owner or owners as aforesaid, in ried^n the carrying on the whale fishery from Great Britain, or shall be whale fishery continued in carrying on such fishery, in case of his or their from Great decease, during five successive seasons and it shall be made ap britain for pear to the |atisfadion of the commissioners of his majesty's ymrs^may be customs in England and respectively, by a certificate or

registeredas certificates, under the hands of the minister and churchwar british built dens of the respective parish or parishes'in which the owner or flnps, C owners

355

Owners osso

1788.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. o.

owners of every such ship or vessel shall have resided, and by other proper means, that he or they, or his or their family orfamilies, have been resident in such parish or parities re speduvely for the space of five years fudeeflively, and the same shall be certified by the said of respectively to his Majesty; then, and in such case, it shall be lawful for his majesty, his heirs and successors, by and with the advice of his privy council, to authorise the owner or owners to register every such ship or vessel as shall have been so brought into this kingdom, and employed as aforesaid in the whau fishery from thence for five successive seasons, by virtue of such licence as aforesaid, in like manner is if the same was a british built ship: by british subjedb, and navigated according td?.*saw; and every such owner or owners shall also from thenceforth, in respeef of every such ship or vessel, be entitled to all such premiums as arfc granted to british built ships and vessels employed in carrying on the said fishery; and they, and each of them, shall have and enjoy the rights, privileges, and advantages of natural born subject of Great Britain in like manner, and subject to the like disabilities, as the same may be granted to aliens by special acts of parliament.

XVI. Provided always, That all and every owner or owners of every such ship or vessel, before he or they shall be ad r.ei^ship, n mitted to register any such ship or Vessel - before they shaft g^red, torc" have and enjoy the rights, privileges, and advantages, of a take the oath natutal born subject of Great Britain, shall take and subscribe of allegiance.' the oath of allegiance to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in one of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster or Edinburgh, or at the general or quarter sessions of the peace held in the place where he or they reside; oath shall be in rolled by the court wherein the same shall be taken and subscribed, on payment of the like sum or sums to the officer or officers of such court for entering the same, as are or shall be payable by law on the entry of such oath in the courts aforesaid, in any case where the same is by law required.

xvii. And, for the further encouragement of such person or persons, not being a subject or subjects of his Majesty, to come and efla blish himself or them]elves in this kingdom, for the purpose of carry ing on the said fishery, in the manner before mentioned; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the IX ships or vef six ships of fels belonging to such person or persons, not being a subject or foreignersfirst subject of his Majesty as aforesaid, which shall tirft arrive in fi^tin^great" any port of this kingdom, in the manner and on the condi Britain to be tiens before mentioned, shall be allowed to import cargoes of allowed to oil or head matter, being the produce of any fish, or creatures import oil, living in the Teas, caught by the crews of such ships or vessels, subject to the duties and conditions following; that is to f3y, herein mcn the Ship or veflet belonging to such person or persons as afore honed, hid, which shall first arrive in manner before mentioned, shall be allowed to import any quantiry of oil or head matter, being the produce of any fish, or creatures living in the sea, caught

3& Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. Cou[ [

by the crew of the said ship or vessel, not exceeding (Seventy tet^. each tonne containing two hundred and fifty-two gajjoot, withod payment of any duty whatsoever; the two hips or vefiek belonging to such person or persons a aforesaid, which shall mad arrive in manner before mentioned, shall be allowed to import any quantity of oil or head matter, being the produce of abs fim, or creatures living in the sea, caught by the cues of the bid Ship or vessel, not exceeding (evenly tonnes, each containing two hundred and fifty-two galions, upon payment of a duty at and after the trite of five pounds per tonne the three ships or ref fels belonging to such person or persons as aforesaid, not being a subject or subjects of his Majeny, which shall next arrive in mangey before mentioned, shall be allowed toimport any quas tity of oil or head matter, being the produce of any fish, or creatures living in the sea, caught by the crew of the said ibip or vessel, not exceeding seventy tonnes, each tonne containing two hundred and fifty-two galions, upon payment of a duty at and after the rate of ten pounds per tonne) and any quantity of nil or head matter exceeding seventy tonnes, each tonne containing two hundred and fifty-two galions, imported by any such six drips or vessels, belonging to such person or persons, not being a subject or subjects of his Majesty as aforesaid, shall be admitted to entry, and shall be subject to payment of dudes as oil of foreign fishing; any law, custom, or ufcge, to the contrary not? withstanding.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Foreigners so authority aforesaid, That every person or persons not being a allowed to subject or subjects of his Majeny as aforesaid, and being owner R enter ot own of any such ship or vessel, so importing faeh oil of into bond to head matter as aforesaid, shall, together with two suffickot settle with V sureties, being his Majesty's subjects and residing within Gnat scir^rc^8'in Britain, (to be approved of by the of of his Ma rea rium, j^y>$ customs m England or Scotland), give bond to his majesty, his heirs and successors, to be taken by the col led or or' comptroller or other principal officer of the customs in the port where such ships shall arrive, in the penalty of double the highest duty on the quantity so imported, to which fish oil is now by law subject and liable linder any circumstances of importation; with condition that such owner or owners, together with the crews of the respective ship or ships, vessel or vedels, so importing such oil or head matter as aforesaid, (bail severally and respectively establish themselves in Great Britain and carry on the said fishery from Great Britain, according to and in compliance with, and under the conditions, rules, regulations, and restrictions, prescribed and directed in the said herein before recited act, so made and passed in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, or of this act. Duties to be XI A. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

under the ma That the several duties granted by this act shall be raised, le the^mmif VC CHC<^C(* pad, recovered, and applied, under the ma boners of the nagement of the commissioners of the customs in England and customs. Scotland

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. % i,

stitm rdpcflivfly for cbf UV twng, in such, the lit manner, and by Aich and the like ways, means, and methods, at hie duty upon train oil of foreign fiftiing is now by law oifed, levied, collected, paid recovered, and applied.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons Audi knowingly give or grant any Mr certificate for any of the purposes required or directed by th ad) such person or persons shall forfeit and pay the Aim of five hundred pounds, and be rendered incapable of serving his Majesty, his heirs or successors, in any office whatever; and if any person or persons shall counterfeit, erase, a her, or falsify any certificate for any of the purposes required or directed by this act, or flail knowingly or willingly make use of any falle certificate, or of any certificate so counterfeited, erased, altered, or falsified, such person or persons stall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of five hundred pounds, and every such certificate or certificates shall be invalid, and of no efed.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, throne moiety of the penalties and forfeitures loflifted by this act, flham he to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and foc ccflbrs, and the other moiety to such officer or officers of the customs as flail sue or prosecute for the same in any of his ma jtfty courts of record at fyeflminfltr, pr in the court of exchequer in Scrtkndi respc*vejy, where the offence shall be committed.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any action or suit shall be commenced against any person or persons whatever for anything done in pursuance of this act, die defendant or defendants in such addon or suit may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance of and by the authority of this a: and if it shall appear so to be done, the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; and if the plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or shall discontinue his action after the defendant or defendants hath or have appeared, or if judgement shall be given upon any verdict or demurrer against the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants flail recover treble costs, and have the like remedy for the same as defendants have in other cases by law.

CAP. XXI.

An act for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money, to be raised by a lottery.  750, 6001. to be raised by this act.

750, 6001 to be raised by a lottery. Ail persons who have made depots, purfuaflt to the refolption of the hqufe of commons, are required to pay the remainder of their subscriptions at certain times foecified. 1). byotfc of June. L by th of August. jl, by iqth of October, tl. by of November,1. iqs. by 19th of December, and I. 10a. by f6th of January, 1789. interest to be allowed to thpfc who pay in the whole of their subscriptjtions before Dec. 17. 4*0, 000). the amount of the prizes, to be paid out of any (applies granted this session. Books to

nr

Penalty on persons granting self certificates, etc.

How penalties are to be applied.

[General issue.]

[Treble costs.]

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 22, 23. [1788.

be prepared with two columns, on each of tofaich 48, 000 ticket are to be printed. The number and value of the fortunate tickets: t of 30, 0001.: X of 95, 000l.: X of ao, ooool.: X of 154000l.: a of xo^ooool:

5 of j, ooool.: ioof i, ooool.:4 of X 0001.: joofjool.: xojofiool.: 15, 150 of 181. s 1, ooool. to the first drawn ticket;, ooool. to the last drawn. 480, 000l. Lottery to begin drawing on Feb. 16, 178*. Penalty on forging tickets, dec. Tickets 151. xis. 9d. each. After June ao, 1788, the cashier may deliver tickets not exceeding in value half of the sum actually subscribed. The 480, 0001. for the payment of the fortunate tickets, to be charged on any supplies granted'this session; shall be paid to the proprietors, without any deduction, oa June 1, 1789, C Managers to give notice of the times for exchanging tickets for certificates. No tickets to be divided into any other shares than halyes, quarters, eighths, and sixteenths, on penalty of 501. Persons counterfeiting shares, etc. guilty of felony.

CAP. XXII.

An act to indemnify such personfs at have omitted to qualify theinfelvta for offices and employments; and to indemnify justices of the peace,

1 or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their qualifications within the time limited by law, and for giving further time for those purposes; and to indemnify members and officers, in cities, corporations, and borough towns, whose admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid) and for allowing them time to provide admissions duly stamped; and to give further time to such persons as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerk to attorneys and solicitors, or to pay the duties on the iaden j tures and contrails of clerks, apprentices, or servants; and for indemnifying deputy lieutenants and officers of the militia, who hare neglected to transmit descriptions of theft qualifications to the clerks of the peace within the time limited by law; and for giving further time for that purpose.

Time enlarged for taking sacrament and oaths to 15th of Dec. 1788.  For producing appointments and admissions in corporations. See. to the same time. For filing affidavits as to clerks to attorneys, etc. to Michaelmas term 1788. And time for militia officers to deliver qualifications to ift of Sept. 1788. And on paying double duty apprentices indentures may be stamped before 15th of Dec. 1788, and the last clause to be published in the London Gazette.

CAP. XXIII.

An act to continue several laws, relating to the clandestine running of uncustomed goods, and preventing frauds relating to the customs; to the encouraging the growth of coffee in his majesty's plantation? iu America; to the further punishment of persons going armed or disguised, in defiance of the laws of customs or excise; to the more rf leltually encouraging the manufactures of flax and cotton in Great Britain; to the allowing the exportation of certain quantities of wheat, and other articles, to his majesty's sugar colonies in America; to the permitting the exportation of tobacco pipe clay from thi* kingdom to the British sugar colonies or plantations in the West Indies; to the prohibiting the exportation of tools and utensils made use of in the iron and steel manufactures of this kingdom, and to prevent the seducing of artificers and workmen, employed in those manufactures, to go into parts beyond the seas; and to the preventing the clandestine running of goods, and the danger of infection thereby: and to revive and continue several laws relating to the allowing. a drawback of the duties on rum shipped as stores to be consumed on board merchant ships on their voyages; and to the ascertaining the strength of ffcirits by clarke's hydrometer.

l?y

1788.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 14?

80 much of 5 Geo. I. C XI against clandestine running of unaccuftoffi ed goods, as has been continued, by subsequent affi, to Sept. 29, 178s, to be further continued to Sept. 29, 1705, C 5 Geo. t. C 14. con turned to June 04, 179/9 C except such part thereof as relates to the importation and exportation of foreign coffee into and from the liritish colonies in America. So much of 19 Geo. C 54* as f elates to the Anther puni foment of persons going armed, C in defiance of the laws, 06 enstoms, &c. and to the relief of officers in informations upon fei xurea, continued to Sept. 29, 1795, C 23 Geo. 3. c. 77. for the more effectual encouragement of the manufactures of flax and cotton, further continued for twojears, etc. So much of 16 Geo. j. C 37, as relates to allowing the exportation of certain quantities of wheat, etc. to his majesty's sugar colonies in America; and so much of s Geo. t C 69. as relates to allowing the exportation of a certain quantity or wheat, etc. from Lancaster to the said colonies, continued to May f, 1789. So much of 17 Geo. 3. c. 43. as permits the exportation of tobacco pipe clay to the British sugar colonies in the West Indies, continued to June4> 179*, etc. 26 Geo. 3. c. 89. to explain, etc. 25 Geo. 3. c. 67. to prohibit though exportation of tools used in the iron manufactures, etc. continued to the end of the next session.

8 Geo. 1. C x8. continued to Sept, 29, 1795, etc. except the daufcs obliging all ships to perform quarantine. So much of 19 Geo. 3. c. 22. as relates to allowing a drawback of the duties on rum shipped as stores on board merchant ships, revived, and continued to July 5.

17959 etc. So much of 27 Geo. 3. c. 31. as directs, that spirits (hslp' be deemed of the strength denoted by clarke's hydrometer, revived, and continued to the end of the next session.

CAP. XXIV.

An act to continue several laws, relating to the granting a bounty o

exportation of certain spedes ofbntish and Irish linens exported, and taking off the duties on the importation of foreign raw linen yarns made of flax; and to the preventing the committing of frauds by bankrupts; and for continuing and amending several laws relating to the imprisonment and transportation of offenders.

*9 Geo. 2. C x5. for granting a bounty on certain species of British and Irish linens exported, etc. continued to June 14# 2790, etc. 5 Geo. % C 30. to prevent the committing of frauds by bankrupts, continued to June 1, x793, etc. So much of 24 Geo. 3. c. 56. as extends to authorise the removal of offenders to temporary places of confinement; and 19 Geo. 3. c. 74. to explain and amend the laws relating to the transportation, etc. of offenders, continued to June X 1793, etc.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the several offenders Offenders

who shall, by virtue of the said act of the twenty-fourth year conveyed to of his majesty's reign, be removed to temporary places of cpn temporary finement, shall, during such confinement, be treated and VI fe^fcn[cun sited in such and the like manner, to all intents and purposes, dera4geo.3! as offenders who are sentenced to hard labour, under the said C 56. shall be act of the nineteenth year of his majesty's reign; and all extreated.main pences occasioned by their maintenance or death shall be de offenders frayed by the overseer or overseers appdinted by his Majesty, sentenced to in such and the like manner as the expenses occasioned by the hard labour maintenance or death of offenders sentenced to hard labour under 19gco. under the aforesaid act of the nineteenth year of his majesty's CI 74* 9

reign.

V. And be it further enacted, That whenever his Majesty His Majesty shall be pleased to give orders for the transportation of any o may authorise

fender Person

o make contracts for the transportation of offenders etc. as if made and security given, asby4 Geo. 3. c. 56. directed.

Preamble, a6 Geo. 3. C xoi. recited.

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 25. [1788.

sender or offenders, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, under his royal sign manual if he shall think fit, to authonft and empower any person or persons to make contracts for the effectual transportation of such offender and offenders, and to direct to what person or persons security shall be given for the effectual transportation of such offender or offenders; and every such contract and security shall be equally valid and effectual, and every person contracting for the transportation of any offender or offenders with any person or persons so authorised by his Majesty as aforesaid, shall have the like property in the service of such offender or offenders, as if such contra A had been made, and such security had been given, in the manner required hythe said act of the twenty-fourth year of his majesty's reign.

CAP. XXV.

An to under more effectual an an passed in the twenty sixth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for erecting certain light houses in the northern parts of Great Britain.

WHEREAS by an an passed in the twenty sixth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for ereaing certain light houses in the northern parts of Great Britain, the commissionen therein named were enabled, for the feeuritj of navigation and the fisheries, to ereb four light houses in the northers farts of Great Britain; one at kinnaird's Head, in the county of Aberdeen; one in the island of North Ranihha, in the Orkneys; one on the point j/'scalpa, in the island of Herries; and a fourth in the mull of Kintyre; and from and after the time such light houses should be finished, in such manner as to have the proper tights or signals put up therein, to demand, colleb, receive, and take, from the mafiers and owners of every British ship, or decked vessel, navigated according to law, passing any of the said light houses, afum not exceeding one penny sterling per tonne; and for every foreign ship, or decked vessel, passing as aforesaid, a sum not exceeding twopence sterling per ten: and the said of were empowered to borrow, or take up at interest, any sum or sums of money, not exceeding one thousand pounds fierling, upon the security and credit of the feud dut'usy for r.njwering the expetices of making the said works: and whereas the said of, in pursuance of the said ati, and the trusts repojed in them, have now ere Bed one light house at kinnaird's Head, which proves of great public utility, and are proceeding to ereb the three others; but as the money allowed by the said ab to be rat fed and taken np, and the duties author ifed to be levied, collebed, and taken, on the tonnage of Ships or vrjjels passing the said light houses, will not be fuss dent to defray the expo nets of finishing, complecting, and maintaining the same: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same,

1788.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 25. 361

That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said commission Tnliea of the ers, or any five or more of them, or for such person or persons djtucbt?r: 'nt' as they shall appoint, in lieu of the duties by the said act grant cite/a&fthe ed, to demand, collect, receive, and take, of and from all and following are every the masters and owners of every ship or decked vessel, to be cofiedt the sums following; that is to say. From every British ship ord: B.

dead vessel, navigated according to law, which shall pass any Sd"' of the said light houses, whether the said ship or vessel mail be vessel pading outward or homeward bound, or on a foreign voyage, or fail any otthe ing coastways, a sum not exceeding one penny halfpenny ter light houses, linger tonne, of such ship or vessel; and for every foreign ship or per decked vessel, passing as aforesaid, a sum not exceeding three andvor every pence sterling per tonne, of such ftiip or vessel. foreign deck

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, e vessel 3d.

That the said of, or any five or more of them,

shall have power, and they are hereby empowered, as soon as duties may be two of the said light houses are built and lighted in a proper collected7 manner, and after one month's notice given in the London Ga when two Xittey and all the Edinburgh newspapers, to demand, collect, light houses receive, and take one half of the said duties, anything in, the a erected, said a dt of the twenty sixth year of his present Majesty's reign,

to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall Commission

be, and they are hereby empowered and declared to have full eri bo/'*

power and lawful authority, at any time or times hereafter, by fof 3, oooou

any mortgage or mortgages, or any act or acts, deed or deeds, on the credit

under their hands duly executed, to borrow or take up, at a of the duties,

rate of interest not exceeding the lawful interest, in addition to

the sums allowed to be taken up and borrowed by the said acta

further sum, not exceeding three thousand pounds sterling,

+upon the security and credit of the duties granted by this act, for answering the expenses of making and completing the works aforesaid, and such further sum as shall be sufficient to discharge the expense of obtaining and passing this act; and may assign such duties to any person or persons, body politic or corporate, who shall furnish or advance such money, or any part thereof, as a security for repayment of the same.

VI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all Powers of the and every the powers, authorities, conditions, directions, pro recit.cc* act*to visions, and exemptions, in and by the said act of the twenty so^unless sixth year of his present majesty's reigo, enacted or provided, altered by this touching or relating to the powers and trusts reposed in the said act of, shall be adjudged and deemed, and taken to be in full force, as if the same were herein particularly inserted and re enacted, excepting only as to the alterations by this act made, anything herein contained to the contrary thereof in anyways notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall be deemed, taken, and allowed, in all i'ublickadt. courts of law or equity, as a public acta B b 2

nd all judges and, justices

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 26. f 1788.

justices of such courts are hereby required to take notice of it as such, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXVI.

An act for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money out of the consolidated fund; and for applying certain moneys therein mentioned for the ferrice of the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty eight; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this session of parliament.

545, oooo1. granted out of the consolidated fund, for the ferrice of the current year; tobehtued by the treasury accordingly. Treasury kn powered to raise the sum of, 545, 0001. or any part thereof, by loans or exchequer bills, on the credit of the consolidated fund. If it shall be judged more adviseable, the treasury may raise the said sum by exchequer bills instead of loans; and the bills in such case to be made in the manner prescribed by the malt act of this session. The said exchequer bills, interest, and charges, are to be paid out of the consolidated fund. Bank authorised to lend to his Majesty the sum of 2, 545PocL notwithstanding an act of 5 and 6 Gul. & Mar. C0. The Sum of 589, 16*1. 15s. d. q. remaining in the exchequer on April 5, 1788, surplus of consolidated fund; aoo, ooool. of army tarings, 1786; to be Issued towards the supply. 43, 053l. 48. lod. of army fevings in x786, and 1787, to be applied towards the extraordinary expeoces of the land forces in 1787. Moneys anting by the malt aft, 750, 0001. land tax aft, 037, 6*7l. 9s. id. loans, 3, 500, 0001. further loans, 2, oooo, ooool. lotteij aft, 750, 600l. 589, 16*1. 158. ad. q. remaining in the exchequer April 5, 1788, Surplus of consolidated fund; aoo.ooool. army Savings, 1786; and, 545, ooool. out of the consolidated fund; shall be applied (with the reftdue of the sale of French prizes) to the uses hereafter expressed, 0001. for naval Services; 175, 407l. 5. nd. for augmentation of naval forces, since Sept. 18, 1787; 18, 3001.08. 8d. for the expense of the office of ordnance, on account of the late armament; 4x9, 407). os. id. for the charges of the office of ordnance, for 1788;, 038, 85*1. its. 8d. towards maintaining the land forces, CC for 1788, viz. 56, 0931. 15s. for subsidy to the landgrave of Hesse Caffcl, for t?88; 59, 8781. 48. for the charge of the late armament at the war office; 98, 637l. as. xod. for the charge of 16, 98* effective men, officers, CC m Great Britain, CC 315, 8651. 198. id. for forces in the plantations, C 8, 7581. 148. 9d. for difference between British and Irish e ft abli foments, CC 11, 19*1. 13s. for regiments serving in the East Indies; 6, 4*7). 6d. for the pay of general and ftaif officers, CC 4*73l. as. ad. for Supernumerary officers, C 60, 8631. 6?. 8d. to the paymaster general, Secretary at war, CC8, 490l. is. for the charge of a troop of horse guards, and a of grenadier guards, to June4, 1788. 19, 194). ns. 6d. for the charge of a regiments of life guards, to Dec. 14, 1788. 3, 7681. X 6d. for com pen fation to the reduced officers of horse guardt, and horse grenadier guards;8, ooool. for repaying admittance money to the privates of the horse guards; jl. 17s. for allowances to the officers, cof the reduced horse guards, etc'. 55, 09*1. xos. for reduced officers of British American forces; 3, 39*1. 14s. ad. for officers late in the fcrrice of the states general; 173, 8331. is. 9d. for chelsea Hospital; 0, 978l. 148. 3d. for widows; 17197761.3s. for reduced officers of land forces and marines; 4, 007l. 10s. for reduced officer of the British American forces; 437, 0041. 18s. 6d. for extraordinary expenses of land forces., 500, 0001. to discharge exchequer bills of7 Geo. 3. C3. 1, 500, 0001. more to discharge exchequer bills of7 Geo. 3. C4; 1, 500, 0001. more for paying off exchequer bills,7 Geo. 3. C5; 58, 1661. to make good a like sum issued from the civil list for services abroad; 20, 000l. for the works at Carltoiv House; 60, 000l. for discharging the debts of the prince of Wales*xoi, ooool. for the lame purpose; 17, 4961.148. 6d. issued in pursuance of 4ddrcffe*

1788.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 27.

of the house of commons; 15, 0001. towards carrying on the buildings ai Somerset House; 5, 845l. 6s. for the civil establishment of Nova Scotia; 4, 300l. for the civil establishment of New Brunswick; 1, 900l. for the civil establishment of the island of St. John in America; i, rool/ for the civil establishment of Cape Breton; r, il. ios. for Newfoundland; Sol. for the Bahama Islands; 580l. for the chief justice of Bermuda; 600l. for the chief justice of Dominica; 1, 8771* 108. for the civil establishment of New South Wales; 13, 000l. for repairing forts in Africa; 4, ooool. for military roads and bridges in Scotland;4>x45l. 5* 8d. 3q. for extraordinary expenses of the mint; 1, 3941* 6a. L for prosecution of offenders against the coin laws; 4, 510). ns. for money issued to the secretary of of for inquiring into the Losses of Ajnerican loyalists; 1,000l. for money issued to the secretary of commissioners for inquiring into the Losses in East Florida; L ml. os. 6d. for money paid to T. Dundas, and J. Pemberton, esqrs. of for American claims; 60, 491l. 48. for money issued for the relief of American civil officers, etc.; 14, 1341. 8s. for money issued on account to American sufferers; 1, 981l. ns. id. for money if ftied for fees to the late attorney general, etc. of Nova Scotia, etc.; 1, 651). 7s. 3d. for money issued to pay bills drawn by the governor, etc. of New South Wales; 813). 13s. 6d. for money issued to James Mouatt, chief clerk of of for inquiring into fees, etc. of public offices; 4, 533l. 6s. 64. for money issued to Henry Bradley, esq; for maintaining convicts on board Dunkirk hulk at Plymouth; 600l. for money issued to the secretary of the commissioners of public accounts; 5, 000l. for money issued to the of, etc. of the land revenues; 30, 0831. ios. ad. iq. for money issued to Duncan Campbell esq; for maintaining convitfs on the Thames; 8, 058l. 159. id. iq. for money issued on account of the trial of Warren Hastings, esq; lyooool. for securing the harbour of Catwater; 89, 8901. is.^yd. xq. for the deficiency of duties on tea; IX 8i61. 38. 6d. 3q. for deficiency of annuities 31 Geo. 1.; 68, 8951. xs. 8d. xq. for deficiency, for annuities 18 Geo. 3.; 143, 6141. 13s. iod. iq. for deficiency for annuities so Geo. 3.; 178, 1441. ios. for deficiency for annuities 13 Geo. 3.; 76, 361). 88. od. 3q. for deficiency for annuities 14 and 15 Geo. 3.; 63, 671). xs. id. 3q. for deficiency of grants for 1787. Supplies not to be applied to any other uses than are directed by this act. Rules to be ooferved in the application of 171, 7761. 3s. granted for half pay. byi7#Geo. 3. C 33. a sum not exceeding 171, 7761. ns. 6d. was appropriated to be paid to reduced officers, for 1787. Overplus moneys, above satisfying half pay officers, to be disposed of to officers who were maimed, etc. in the late wars or to officer widows and children, af his Majesty shall direct.

CAP. XXVII.

An off for reducing the duties on the importation of certain goods warety and merchandise, the growth, produce, or manufacture of any of the European dominions of the fates general of the United Provinces, into thh kingdom.

WHEREAS by a treaty of defensive alliance between his Preamble majesty the King of Great Britain and their high mights nesses the fates general of the United Provinces, fgned at the Hague the fifteenth day of April one thousand seven hundred and eighty eighty it is, by the tenth article thereof, agreed, That until the two powers conclude a treaty of commerce with each other the subjects of the republic shall be treated, in the kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, as the mof favoured nation; and the same fall t( observed in tbf United Provinces towards the subjects of

I; 88y goods (except linens) of the growth or manufacture of the Euro

364 Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. if.

[1788.

his Britannic Majesty, with an exception in the said article, that it shall not extend to a diminution of the import duties payable wpem linens; be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament From July 5, assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty eight, there shall be paid to and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, on the importation of any goods, wares, or merchandise, (except linens), into Great Britain, from any of the dominions in Europe of the states general of on^of the the ^nited Provinces, and which goods, wares, or merchan unitedpro dize, shall be of the growth, produce, or manufacture of those vinces, maybe dominions, the following duties; (that is to say), such and imported the like duties respectively as are now payable on goods, to Greater?" arcs anc merchandise of the like nature and descriptions, tain/on pay particularly set forth and enumerated in the table marked C ment of the annexed to an act, made and passed in the twenty seventh duties payable year of his present Majesty's reign, (entitled, An act for re a"fct forth^n pean e several duties of customs and ex rise, and granting other table CL an duties in lieu thereof, and for applying the said duties, together with rexed to'*7 the other duties composing the public revenue; for permitting the Geo. 3. c. 13. importation of certain goods, wares, and merchandise, the produce or manufacture of the European dominions of the French king, into this kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed moneys, remaining in the exchequer for the payment of annuities on lives, to the reduction of the national debt) and which goods it shall and may be lawful to import into Great Britain directly from any of the dominions in Europe of the said states; any law, cuf which may be tom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding; and upon all - other goods, wares, or merchandise of the growth, produce, or manufacture of the said dominions, (except linens), which may be legally imported or brought into Great Britain, the lowed duties which are now payable by law on the importation into Great Britain of the like goods, wares, or merchandise respectively, from any other foreign country or Rate in Europe.

JI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That on the due exportation of any of the said goods, wares, or merchandise respectively, upon which the lowest duties have been paid on the importation thereof, as aforesaid, to places on the exportation to which a drawback is now allow paid, to be al ed, the exporter shall be paid and allowed the like drawbacks ufuamraw as are a^owcc* upon the exportation from Great Britain of the u*like goods, wares, or merchandise imported into Great Brir tain from any other foreign country or state in Europe.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the several duties and drawbacks, charged and allowed underthiva^t, by lbi$ shall b.c. rated levied, collected, recovered, an to be levied*fwered, paid, allowed, appropriated, and applied, in such and and paid as jhc lijte manner, apd by such and the like ways, means, nd

methods.

and all other

goods(except linens)

legally imported, on payment of the lowest duties on like goods from any foreign European country.

Exporters of goods, for which the lowest duties have peen

backs.

Duties and drawbacks

1788.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 28. 3$

methods, as the duties and drawbacks upon goods wares duties and and merchandise in general are raised, levied, collected, re covered, answered, paid, allowed, appropriated, and applied, a tn force by virtue of any act or acts of parliament in force on and im on July 5, mediately before the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty eight.

CAP. XXVIII.

An act to exempt certain licences, granted to stipendiary curates, from stamp duties.

WHEREAS, by an act of parliament, made and passed in Preamble;

the fifth year of the reign of their late mojefiies King Will reciting liam and fputen Mary, (entitled, An act for granting to their Gul. etmar. Majesties several duties upon vellum, parchment, and paper, C*; four years, towards carrying on the war against France it ms enacted, That for every Jkin or piece of vellum or parchment, or Jbeet of paper, upon which any licence that should pass the seal of arty archbishop or bishop, chancellor, or other ordinary, or any eerte jiafiical court whatsoever, should be engrossed or written, there Jbeuld be paid the sum offive billings: and whereas, by another act of parliament, made ard passed in the ninth year of the reign of his said late majesty King William the Third, (entitled, An act for grant GUI. C 1$ ingtohis Majesty, his heirs and successors, further duties upon stamped vellum, parchment, and paper), another sum of five jbiuings was imposed upon all such licences: and whereas, by another act, made and passed in the twelfth year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, (entitled, An act for laying additional duties Annas, stat. on soap and paper, and upon certain linens, silks, calicoes, 9 and stuffs, and upon (larch, and exported coals, and upon stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, for raising one million four hundred thousand pounds, by way of a lottery, for her majesty's fopply; and for allowances on exporting made wares of leather, sheep skins, and lamb skins; and for distribution of four thousand pounds due to the officers and seamen for

Kn money; and to adjust the property of tickets in former tcries; and touching certain mares of (lock in the capital of the South Sea company; and for appropriating the moneys granted to her Majesty), a further sum of five jbiuings was imposed upon all such licences: and whereas by another act of parliament, made and passed in the fextb year of the reign of his late ma jtfty King George the First, (entitled. An act for enabling the and 6 Geo. f South Sea company to increase their present capital stock and 4. fund, by redeeming such public debts and encumbrances as are therein mentioned, and for raising money to be applied forleffening several of the public debts and encumbrances; and for calling in the present exchequer bills remaining uncancelled; and for making forth new bills in lieu thereof, 'to be circulated and exchanged upon demand at or near the exchequer), the said several recited duties were made perpetual: and yhrrsqs the said several duties have been found very inconvenient and

3 b 4. burden

' jr

ferted.

[Preamble.]

36$ Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 29, 30.

[1

burthensome to flipendiary curates, appointed by licence to perform the office of curate in a parish church, upon the nomination of the From June 24, trebor or vicar thereof; be it therefore enacted by the lung's 1788, the du most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of ties iitaposed the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present aas onhcen par^ament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That CC granted " from and after the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand by archbi seven hundred and eighty eight, every such licence, soap ihops, etc. to pointing any flipendiary curate, in which the annual amount of spect to*licen tie ^'pcn(* all inserted, that shall pass the seal of any cop to ftipen archbishop, bishop, chancellor, or other ordinary, or any ec diary curates, clefiastical court whatsoever, shall be, and the same is hereby in which the declared to be freed and exempted from any of the said herein amount of the oce recited stamp duties; and such licence shall and may be stipend is in available, and given in evidence in any court of law or equity j any law or Statute to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. XXIX.

An act to enable the east-india company to borrow a further sum of money upon bond.

WHEREAS it is expedient, in consideration of the present Jiate of the affairs of the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, that the said company should be enabled to issue bonds for the purposes of their trade, and for discharging sundry demands to which they are liable, to a larger amount than they are now by law authorised to do: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said united company to borrow money upon, and issue.

- under their common seal, as the affairs of the said unit

they may now ed company may require, not exceeding the sum of one mil legally bor Hon two hundred thousand pounds beyond the sum for which the said united company may now by law issue their bonds.

CAP. XXX.

An act to enable justices of the peace to licence theatrical represent$ tiens occasionally, under the restrictions therein contained.

WHEREAS by an act passed in the tenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, certain penalties and punishments were injlifted on every person who Should, for hire, gain, or reward, at, represent, or perform, or cause to k acted, represented, or performed, any interlude, tragedy, comedy, opera, play, farce, or other entertainment of the Jlage, or any part or parts therein, except as in the said act is excepted: and whereas diverse acts of parliament have ftnee been solicited and obtained for diverse cities, towns, and places, for exempting them respectively

from

east-india company im pawered to borrow X ioo, ooool. on bond, beyond what

row.

freamve. 10 Geo. a. C 18.

1788.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 30. 367

from the provisions of the said law: and whereas it may be expe* diext te permit and suffer, in towns of considerable resort, theatrical representations for a limited time, and under regulations 5 in which, nevertheless, it would be highly impolitic, inexpedient, emdunreasonable, to permit the ejiabtishment of a confront and re gukr theatre: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this jpresent parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it Justicei of the shall and may be lawful to and for the justices of the peace of pace m*yat any county, riding, or liberty, in general or quarter frfcons assembled, at their discretion, to grant a licence to any per fin, grant"li son or persons, making application for the same by petition, cencetfortbe for the performance of such tragedies, comedies, interludes, performance operas, plays, or faroes, as now are, or hereafter shall be ^nder the re*aicd, performed, or represented, at either of the patent or LI strictiona censed theatres in the city of Westminster, or as shall, in the herein speci manner prescribed by law, have been submitted to the inspection of the lord chamberlain of the King's household for the time being, at any place within their jurisdictions, or within any city, town, or place, situate within the limits of the same, for any number of days, not exceeding sixty days, to continence within the then next six months, and to be within the space of such four months as shall be specrfied in the said licence, so as there be only one licence in use at the same time within the jurisdiction so given, and so as such place be not within twenty miles of the cities of London, Westminster, or Edinburgh, or eight miles of any patent or licensed theatre, or ten miles of the residence of his Majesty, his heirs or successors, or of any place within the same jurisdiction at which, within six months preceding, a licence under this act shall have been had and exercised, or within foiltteen miles of either of the universities of Oxford and Cambridge, or within two miles of the outward limits of any city, town, or place, having peculiar jurisdiction; and so also as no licence under this act shall have been had and exercised at the same place, within eight months then next preceding; any lawj or Statute for the punishment of persons employed in theatrical representations to the contrary in any wise not with (landing.

II. Provided always, That no such licence shall be granted t icences not

by the justices as aforesaid, to be exercised within any city, ^tbiinm* town, or place, having peculiar jurisdiction, unless proof shall place havme be made that the majority of the justices acting for such pecu peculiar juris LIV jurisdiction, have, at a public meeting, signed their con diction, with scot and approbation to the said application, or unless an express tn condition shall be therein inserted, that the same shall not be majority of valid and effectual until it shall have been approved by the ma the justices jerity of the justices of such peculiar jurisdiction, at a meeting acting for held expressly for taking the same into consideration. such jurisdic

III. Provided also, That no fu$h licence shall be granted by No jjcence to

the be granted

gc8 Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 31  33. f 178c j

nnlef8 three the justices as aforesaid within any city, town, or place, unlefr.'

be dven^he* notice have been g, ven by the person or persons applying, mayor, cor such licence, at least three weeks before such application, t. previous to the mayor, bailiff, or other chief civil officer or officers of fn^7

application city, town, or place, of his or their intending to make such an for a licence, plication.

CAP. XXXI.

An act for appointing commissioners further to inquire into the Losses if all such persons who have suffered in their properties, in consequeaet; of the cession of the province of East Florida to the king of Spains* This act is the lame as 26 Geo. 3. c. 75. and continued for one Tear

CAP XXXII

An act for vesting the estates of Edward Henvill in trustees to be sold, and for applying the money arising by the said thereof in dischargeef a debt owing by him to the crown.

The reversion in fee of Edward Henvill, in a message, cat pun knowle in Dorfctshire, See. veiled in William Chamberlayne, solicitor of treasury, and Thomas Cotton, clerk of treasury, in order to be sold, and the produce to be disposed of as his Majesty shall direct. The premises hereby vested in William Chamberlayne and Thomas Cotton, enquires, to be accepted in full discharge of a debt due by the said Edward Henvill to the crown. General saving,

CAP. XXXIII.

An act to repeal the duties and drawbacks of customs and excise payable on the importation and exportation of wine (except wine Use produce of the European dominions of the French king, rhenixh, German, and Hungary wine, Portugal and Madeira wine and wine of the produce of Spain, or of any of the dominions of the hng cf Spain), and for granting other duties and drawbacks in ben thereof $ to repeal the duty of excise upon foreign green glass battles imported, and for charging an additional duty of customs in Hen thereof; for ascertaining the duty on carriages, the manufacture of the European dominions of the French king, imported direfifp from thence $ for obviating a doubt with rifted to the duties on white woollen clothes exported; and for reserving to his ma jtjiy the hereditary and other revenues of the crown in Scotland.

[Preamble.]

ttthereasiy<ttr<7d7 made and passed in the twenty seventh 07 Geo. 3. year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for

.13, recited, repealing the several duties of customs and excise, and granting other duties in lieu thereof, and for applying the said duties, together with the other duties composing the public revenue; for permitting the importation of certain goods, wares, and merchandise, the produce or manufacture of the European dominions of the French king, into this kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed moneys, remaining in the exchequer for the payment of annuities on lives, to the reduction of the national debt, certain duties of customs and excise are charged and imposed. reflectively upon wine imported or broufot into Great Britain,

a kh.

1788.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 33.' 369

wd certain drawbacks are allowed respectively upon the exportation \btreeffrem Great Britain: and whereas it is expedient that the said Qwral and respective duties and drawbacks, so far as the same re spebbely relate to wine imported or brought into Great Britain, or tspofted from Great Britain, except wine of the produce of the European dominions of the French king, Rheoisti, German, and Hungary wine, Portugal and Madeira wine, and wine of the produce of Spain, or of any of the dominions of the king of Spain, should cease9 determine, and be no longer paid or payable, or allowed, and that other duties should be charged and imposed on the importation thereof, and other drawbacks allowed on the exportation thereof from Great Britain; be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the first day From Sept, i, of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty eight, the i7$mhedu several duties of customs and excise, charged and imposed by tici the said recited a upon wine imported or brought into Great backs allowed Britain, except upon wine the produce of the European do by the recited minions of the French king, Rhenish, Germany, and Hungary a, to cease wine, Portugal and Madeira wine, and wine of the produce of on pities, Spain, or of any of the dominions of the king of Spain, and the ^nethe several drawbacks allowed upon the exportation thereof from produce of Great Britain, shall cease and determine, and be no longer paid the European or payable, or allowed; save and except in all cases relating to dominions of the recovering, allowing, or paying any arrears thereof respecting/fcc? tively, which may, on the first day of September one thousand Arrears of seven hundred and eighty eight, remain unpaid, or to any fine, duties and penalty, or forfeiture, fines, penalties, or forfeitures, relating penalties re thereto respectively, which shall have been incurred at any time coverawc* before the said first day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty eight.

II. Provided always, That nothing in this act contained shall This a A not

extend, or be construed to extend, to repeal or anywise alter the te

duties of package, fcavage, or any other duties payable to the r^w^etc. mayor and commonalty and citizens of the city of London, or to V 1

the lord mayor of the said city for the time being, or to any other city or town corporate within the kingdom of Great Britain, or to repeal or anywise alter the prizage of wine, or the duty called Butlerage, or to any special privilege or exemption to which any person or persons, bodies politic or corporate, is or are now entitled by law; but the same shall be continued as heretofore.

III. And it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, In lieu of the from and after the first day of September one thousand seven hun duties f <juf dred and eighty eight, in lieu and instead of the duties of cuf tb^fdlowing }oms hereby repealed, there shall be raised, levied, collected, to be levied, and paid ta his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in ready viz. money, without any discount whatever, upon all wine imported or brought into Great Britain, except wine of the produce of

European dominions of the French king, Rhenish, German,

an

For all wine (except French wine, etc. imported in a british built thip into the port of London, 19l. 83. per tonne:

Imported in a foreign ship, into the port of london, 33l xzt. per tonne: Imported in a British ship, into any Other port in Great Britain, 15!* 48. per tonne s Imported in a foreign ship, into any other port in Great Britain, 49l. 8s. per tonne: Imported into the port of London in a british built ship, and entered for prizage, ail. ns. xod. per tonne: Imported into the port of London, in a foreign ship, and entered for prizage. Imported into any other port in England, in a british built ship, and entered for prizage, 181.16s. xod. per tonne: Imported into any other port in England, in a foreign ship, and entered for prizage, ail. ns. iod. for every tonne

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 33i fiyw.

and Hungary wine, Portugal and Madeira wine, and wise este produce of Spain, or of any of the dominions of the king Spain, the several duties of customs herein after mentioned \ the is to say,

For every tonne, containing two hundred and fifty-two galtoot of wine, except wine of the produce of the European domanfcttv of the French king, Rkenish> German, and Hungary wioc, Peu gal and Madeira wine, and wine of the produce of Spain, MI any of the dominions of the king of Spain, imported or brought into the port oi\london^ in a britijk buih Ship, owned, navigated, and registered according to law, a duty of twenty-nine pounds and eight Shillings,

every tonne, containing two hundred and fifty-two gallons of wine, (except the wine herein before excepted), imported or brought into the port of London, in a foreign ship, a duty of thirty-three pounds and twelve Shillings:

For every tonne, containing two hundred and fifty-two galkms of wine, (except the wine herein before excepted), imported or brought into any port of Great Britain (except the port of london) in a british built ship, owned, navigatod, and registered according to law, a duty of twenty-five pounds and four Shillings: For every tonne, containing two hundred and fifty-two gallons of wine, (except the wine herein before excepted), imported or brought into any port of Great Britain (except though port of London) in a foreign ship, a duty of twenty-nine pounds and eight Shillings:

For every tonne, containing two hundred and fifty-two gallons of wine, (except the wine herein before excepted), imported or brought into the port of London in a british b\x\\t ship, owned, navigated, and registered according to law, and entered for prizage, a duty of twenty-one pounds eleven Shillings and ten pence:

For every tonne, containing two hundred and fifty two'gallons of wine, (except the wine herein before excepted), imported or brought into the port of London in a foreign ship, and entered for prizage, a duty of twenty-four pounds six Shillings and nine pence:

14l. 6s. 91lper tonne:

For every tonne, containing two hundred and fifty-two gallons of wine, (except the wine herein before excepted), imported or brought into any port of England (except the port of London) in a british bu\\x. ship, owned, navigated, and registered according to law, and entered for prizage, a duty of eighteen pounds sixteen Shillings and ten pence:

For every tonne, containing two hundred and fifty-two gallons of wine, (except the wine herein before excepted), imported or brought into any port of England (except the port of London) in a foreign ship, and entered for prizage, a duty of twtoty ogo pounds eleven Shillings and ten pence

per tonne.

For every tonne, containing two hundred and fifty-two gallons

of

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 33. 371

rf vine, (except the wine herein brifofe excepted), being in f "*}* ( boofeg exceeding three dozen, or iu 1 oafk or cfcfks exceeding tm gallons in quantity, sent coafb/rfe or by land carriage into fentcoaawife, the port of London or the members thereof, 6r to any place what or by landcar ever within the defiance of twenty miles from the Royal Ex ruge, within dkttogtol London, to be paid to the proper officers of the custoras j

nearest to the place from whence such wine is intended to be re 48. if removed moved, a duty of four pounds and four Shillings. in a quantity

exceeding 3 dozen bottles, or xo gallons in calk.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That On the exon the exportation of any wine, whereon the duties of custonu prtat*n charged and imposed by this aist shall have been duly paid, there ft^fbe allow qiall b paid or allowed, to the exporter or Exporters of any such ed the fellow wine, the several and respectnre drawbacks of the duties of cussing draw toms herein after mentioned; that is to say, backs, viz.

For every tonne, containing two hundred and fifty-two gallons For every tonne of wine, (except wine of the produce of the european^q/nimons CXCCP*. of the French king, Rhenish, German, and Hungary wine, Portu e^imported d and Madeira wine, and wine of the produce of Spain, or of into the port any of the dominions of the king of Spain), which shall have of London, been duly imported into the port of London, and which shall be ^fp* duly exported to any British colony or plantation in America, or colonhn to any British settlement in the East Indies, a drawback of America, or a twenty-nine pounds and eight Shillings: British settlement

in the East Indies,* Ss* > nd.

For every tonne, containing two hundred and fifty-two gallons of wine, (except the wine hereinbefore excepted;, which shall have been duly imported into the port of London, and which shall be duly exported from thence to any place other than a British colony or plantation in America, or a British settlement in the ea/l Indies, a drawback of twenty-four pounds thirteen Shillings and sixpence:

For every tonne, containing two hundred and fifty-two gallons of wipe, (except the wine herein before excepted), which shall have been duly imported into any port of Great Britain (except the port of London), and which shall be duly exported to any British colony or plantation in America, or to any British settle. mem in the East Indies, a drawback of twenty-five pounds and four Shillings:

British settlement in the East Indies,

if exported to any other place, 14l. 131. 6d.

For every tonne imported into any other port in Great Britain, and exported to any British colony in

For every tonne, containing two hundred and fifty-two gallons if exported to of wine, (except the wine herein before excepted), which shall any other have been duly imported into any port of Great Britain (except g8*c$i.a "the port of London), and which shall be duly exported to any place other than a British colony or plantation in America, or any British settlement in the Eojl Indies, a drawback of twenty pounds nine Shillings and sixpence:

For every tonne, containing two hundred and fifty-two gallons For every tonne of wine, (except the wine herein before excepted), which shall Import 0?* haveb^en duly imported into the port of London, and entered London, and for entered for

prizage, and exported to any British colony in America, or British If exported to any other place, 17l. XS. id.

For every tonne into any other port, and entered for pri zage, and ex

Sarted to any British colony in America, or British settlement in the East Indies, 18l. 161. iod.; and if export cdtoanyother place, 15l. oa. yd.

In lieu of the duties ofex cife repealed, there shall be paid.

for every tonne of wine imported into Great Britain, (except French wines, etc.) 171.17s.

On the exportation oswine, for which the duties of excise have been paid, the following drawbacks to be allowed:

For every tonne

Frenchine, etc,) exported

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 33. [>788.'

for prizage, and which shall be duly exported to any Britffc colony or plantation in America, or to any British (ettlemcot in the East India, a drawback of twenty-one pounds eleven fillings and ten pence:

settlement in the East Indies, ail. xxs. xod. and,

For every tonne, containing two hundred and fifty-two gabdjtf oswine, (except the wine herein before excepted), which have been duly imported into the port of London, and entered for prizage, and which shall be duly exported to any place other than a British colony or plantation in America, or any British fc tlement in the East India, a drawback of seventeen pounds seventeen Shillings and one penny:

For every tonne, containing two hundred and fifty-two gallons of wine, (except the wine herein before excepted), which shall have been duly imported into any port of England, (except the port of London), and entered for prizage, and which shall be duly exjtfujted to any British colony or plantation in America, or to any aritish settlement in the East Indies, a drawback of eighteen pounds sixteen Shillings and ten pence:

For every tonne, containing two hundred and fifty-two gallons of wine, (except the wine herein before excepted), which shall have been imported into any port of England, (except the port of London), and entered for prizage, and which shall be duly exported to any place other than a British colony or plantation in America, or any British settlement in the East Indies, a drawback of fifteen pounds and seven pence.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty eight, in lieu and instead of the duties of excise hereby repealed, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in ready money, without any discount whatever, upon all wine imported or brought into Great Britain, (except wine of the produce of the European dominions of the French king, Rhenish, German, and Hungary wine, Portugal and Madeira wine, and wine of the produce of Spain, or of any of the dominions of the king of Spain), the following duty of excise; that is to say, for every tonne, containing two hundred and fifty-two gallons of wine (except the wine herein before excepted), which shall be imported into Great Britain, and foin proportion for any greater or lesser quantity, to be paid by the importer thereof before the landing thereof, a duty of seventeen pounds and seventeen Shillings.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That on the exportation of any wine, whereon the duties of excise charged and imposed by this at shall have been duly paid, there shall be paid or allowed to the exporter or exporters the fevei al and respective drawbacks of the (juries of excise herein after mentioned; that is to say,

For every tonne, containing two hundred and fifty-two gallons of wine, (except wine of the produce of the European dominions of the French king, Rhenish, German, and Hungary, wine, Portugal

1788.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 33; 373

gal and Maderia wine, and wine of the produce of Spain, of of to any brituh anj of the dominions of the king of Spain for which all the, ont!n duties hereby imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, bht!cfctse and which shall be exported from Great Britain as merchandise meat in the to any British colony or plantation in America, or to any British East Indict, settlement in the East Indies and foin proportion for any greater x*h 7* i or lesser quantity, a drawback of fourteen pounds and seven Shillings:

For every tonne, containing two hundred and fifty-two gallons and for every of wine, (except the wine herein before excepted), which shall be imported into Great Britain, for which all the duties hereby aize to any" imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall other placebe be exported from Great Britain as merchandise to any other port yondthe seat, or place beyond the seas, and foin proportion for any greater or lesser quantity, a drawback of five pounds and thirteen Shillings.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the several duties of customs and excise by this act charged dutieslmpof and imposed, and the several drawbacks of the duties of customs ed, and draw and excise by this act allowed, shall and may be respectively backsallowed, managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, be managed as recovered, and allowed, (except where any alteration is ex the former preflly made by this act), in such and the like manner, and in duties were, or by any or either of the means, ways, or methods, by which,

the former duties of customs and excise upon wine, and draw*backs of duties of customs and excise upon wine, were or might be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered, and allowed; and the said wine, so by this act respectively made liable to the payment of, or chargeable with duties of customs and ejeife, or so entitled to draw back duties of customs and excise, according to the directions of this act,

shall be, and the same are hereby made subject and liable to all and every the conditions, regulations, rules, restrictions, and forfeitures respectively, to which goods, wares, or merchandise in general were subject and liable by any act or acts of parliament in force on and immediately before the said first day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty eight, respecting the revenue of customs and excise, (except where any alteration is expressly made by this act); and all and every pain, Penalties, etc. penalty, fine, or forfeiture, of any nature or kind whatever, for breach of for any offence whatever, committed against, or in breach of fore*008 any act or acts of parliament in force on and immediately before xr^gg" so* the first day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty securing the eight, made for securing the duties of customs and excise, or duties of <; uf for the regulation or improvement thereof, and the several clauses, tomsorexche, powers, and directions therein contained, (unless where ex 0

pressly altered by this act), shall, and are hereby directed and declared to extend to, and shall be respectively applied, practised, and put in execution for and in respect of the several duties of customs and excise, and drawbacks of duties of customs and excise, hereby charged and allowed upon wine respectively, in as.

full

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 33. [1711.

soil and ample manner, to all intents and purposes whatever, as if all and every the said acts, clauses, provisions, powers, a tsections, fines, pains, penalties, or forfeitures, were particularly repeated and re enacted in the body of this act.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority afofemd, Acts in force That every act of parliament in force on and immediately befflte on Sept, i, the first day of September one thousand seven hundred and eighty 788, for fe eight, by which any conditions, rules, regulations, or tcflrie tiea'o&ustoms tonnes were made, established, or directed, for the better fccur and excise, ing the revenue of customs and excise, or for the regular im etc. to con portation into, or exportation from, Great Britain, or the bring tinuein force., ng or carrying coastwise, or from port to port within the lame kingdom, or the entering, landing, or shipping of any goods, wares, or merchandise whatever, (except where any alteration is expressly made by this act), shall and are hereby declared to be and remain in full force and effect, and shall be applied to the subject of this act, and for carrying the same into execution, as fully and effectually as if they had been repeated and re en acted in this present act.

IX. And whereas hythe faii all made and passed in the said -

the reign of his present Majesty, certain duties of tms and excise are respectively tbarged imposed on foreign green

glass bottles, imported or brought into Great Britain: and whereas it is expedient that the duties of excise, granted by the said all, Jhtuld be repealed, and that an additional duty of cttjlonts be charged and

imposed upon foreign green glass bottles, imported or brought into this kingdom: be it therefore further enacted by the authority afore Prom July 5, said, That, from and after the fifth day of July one thousand tiehmpofell1 even hundred and eighty eight, the duties of excise, charged by the recited act imposed by the said recited act upon Foreign green glass hot aft on foreign ties, imported or brought into Great Britain, shall cease and de green glass termine, save and except in all cases relating to the recovering, ed^to'ceaf"^a^ow*n8 or pay*ng any arrears thereof respectively which may, and ifuieu*' on fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty thereof, there eight, remain Unpaid, or to any fine, penalty or forfeiture, shall be paid fines, penalties or forfeitures, relating thereto respectively, which an additional shall have been incurred at any time before the fifth day of toms of 49!" one thousand seven hundred eighty eight; and that there shall q. for every be raised, levied, collected, and paid to his Majesty, his heirs nslb. of and successors, in ready money, without any discount whatever, grf.n an additional duty of customs of four Shillings and one farthing

nwnnfaftare* upon every one hundred weight, containing one hundred and of the Euro twelve pounds, of green glass bottles of the manufacture of the pean domi European dominions of the French king, imported or brought into nions of the Great Britain directly from thence, either in british butit ships, Imported into or n p.s. f the built of the European dominions of the French Great Britain, king; which said additional duty, so charged and imposed by etc. this act, shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, in such and the like manner, and under and futyect to the like rules, regulations, Securities, penalties, and forfeitures, in all respects, as the present duty of customs upon foreign green glass bottles,

tin

1788.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 375

imported or brought into Great Britain, are now rated levied, ceueded, and paid.

X. And whereas concha, chariots, landa, and

other carriages of the manufacture of the European dominions of the French king art, by the laws now in force, subject on importation into this kingdom to a duty of twenty/even pounds ten billings for every one hundred pounds of the value thereof: and whereas articles of brituh manufacture are considered, when imported into the European dominions of the French king, as fadlery, and charged as fitch with a duty only of fifteen pounds for every one hundred pounds of the value thereof; and it being expedient that theft articles Jbeuld be mutually imported into noth kingdom on equal duties be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the fifth day of From Juir j, July one thousand seven hundred and eighty>eight, until the 7*8, to May tenth day of May which will be in the year of our Lord oqe ri*'efmv*be thousand eight hundred, and no longer, it shall and may be law "m^rted7 full for any person or persons whatever to import or brii^ into from the Great Britain, either for falc or otherwise, directly from Frame, European doer from any place in the European dominion! of the French king in british buwt ships or vessels, owned, navigated, and register payment ed according to law, or in /waua built ships or refleis, owned of a duty of by, and belonging wholly to, the subjects of the Stench king, 15b for every and whereof the matter and three fourths of the mariners at the xof>l* least are the (ubjeds of the French king, any coach, chariot,tc*c "*landau, berlin, chaifc, or any other carriage whatever, on payment of a duty of fifteen pounds for every one hundred pounds of the value thereof, and no more; which duty shall be managed, ascertained, raised, levied,collected, answered, paid, recovered, appropriated, and applied, in such and the like manner, in every respect whatever, as the duties payable by law on such goods on or immediately before the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty eight, were managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, paid, answered, recovered, appropriated, and applied; and the said goods, so imported as aforesaid, and the importer or importers thereof, shall be subjedvand liable to every rule, regulation, and restriction, and to every pain, penalty, and forfeiture whatever, (except where any alteration is expressly made by this act) to which such goods, or the person or persons importing the same, would have been subject or liable in case this act had not been made

XI. And whereas by an 08 made and passed in the sixth year if that rtign of her late majesty Queen Anne, intituled An act for en 6 Annexe.  couraging the dressing and dying of woollen clothes within this and kingdom, by laying a duty upon broad cloth exported white, a duty of five billings was d/rtiled to be paid to her Majesty, bet beiri andjutcejffbrs, for every white woollen cloth, commonly called Broad Cloth, exported out of this kingdom into foreign parts; and whereat by an act made and pajffed in the twenty /eventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for repealing the several s1 tit. y. 6. duties of customs and excise, and granting other Cities irr lieu3* recited, thereof, and for applying the said duties, together with the other

37$ Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 33. [1788.

duties composing the public revenue; for permitting the importation of certain goods, wares, and merchandise, the produce or manufacture of the European dominions of the Frmeh king, into this kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed moneys, remaining in the exchequer for the payment of enmities on lives, to the reduction of the national debt: the/aiddttft imposed by the aid atti so made and passed in the aid sixth year of She reign of her late majesty uten Anne, was repealed, and in sin thereof a duty of five billings and sixpence the piece was imposed in the exportation of white woollen cloth, commonly called Broad Cloth: and whereas doubts have arisen whether the said duty of five shillings and sixpence, so imposed as aforesaid, is not now payable upon any woollen cloth, if white, although the same may have been dyed or dre/jed in this kingdom: be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That nothing in the said recited act, so made and passed in the twenty seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, 10 charge with duty any white woollen cloth, on the exportation thereof from this kingdom into foreign parts provided the same shall have been dyed or dressed in this kingdom.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the several duties imposed by this act shall be appropriated and applied in like manner a the duties granted by the before recited act, made and passed in the twenty seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, were appropriated and applied.

XIII. And whereas by an act made in the first year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for the support of his majesty's household, and of the honour and dignity of the crown of Great Britain, the hereditary revenues of the crown, and other revenues granted to his late majesty King George the Second, for defraying the expenses of his majesty's civil government, were made part of the aggregate fund, and a certain revenue granted out of the said fund to his Majesty during his life; but in the said at it is provided and enabled, that the several and respective duties and revenues which wer a payable to his late majesty King George the Second, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for and during his life, ball be continued, raised, levied, and paid, during the life of his present Majesty, in the same manner only, and subject to the same or the like charges thereon, as the same were liable or fiubjeft to during his find late majesty's life; saving always to all and every persons, bodies politic and corporate, their heirs and successors, executors, adminifira tors, or assigns (Other than to our said fivereign lord the King, his heirs and fvcce/jors, and other than to fiuch person or persons who may or do land fenced or posse/jcd in trufi for his Majesty, his heirs and successors), all fuclrrights, titles, efiates, customs, hereditaments, and other the premifer aforesaid, or any of them, as they or any of them had or ought to have had at the making of this as fully and effectually, all intents and purposes, as if this atl ftad never been t made y anything herein contained: to the contrary notwithstanding: 99 and whereas by an act made in the twenty seventh year of bit present

27 Geo. 3. Majesty r reign fintituled, An act for repealing the several duties C 13- - Of

Last recited act not to extend to charge white woollen cloth, dyed ordrelt ed here, with any duty on exportation.

Duties under this act to be applied as duties granted by the recited act.

s Geo. 3. C z.

1788.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 34.

of customs and excise, and granting other duties in lieu thereof and for applying the said duties, together with other duties composing the public revenue; for permitting the importation of certain goods, wares, and merchandise, the produce or manu faure of the European dominions of the French king, into this kiogdom; and for applying certain unclaimed moneys, remaining tn the exchequer for the pay meat of annuities on lives to the reduction of the national debt; the hereditary revenues of the crown, and the other revenues granted to his late majesty King George the Second during his life, for defraying the expenses of his civil government, were made part of a fund called the Consolidated Fund, during his present Majesty's life: and whereas doubts have arisen, whether in the last recited act the hereditary revenues of the crownf in that part of the united kingdom called Scotland, and the other revenues there reserved to his Majesty, by the before recited clause of the act. made in thefirji year of his Majesty's reign, are sufficiently Javed and reserved to his Majesty during his life: in order therefore to obviate and remove all such doubts, be it enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid, That the hereditary revenues of the crown. The heredity in Scotland, and other revenues there granted to his late majesty ry revenues King George the Second during his life, and reserved to hispre scotjand" font Majesty during his life, by an act made in the first year of etc. grantedtd his majesty's reign, do belong to and are at his majesty's dispo King George fal, as provided for by the said act, and that the civil establish the Second, ment in Scotland shall continue to be paid in future, in like man prefen? Ma. ner as it has been paid heretofore; anything contained in the jesty* difpey^ before mentioned at, made in the twenty seventh year of his fl. present Majesty's reign, to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXXIV.

An act more effectually to secure the performance of quarantine, and for amending several laws relating to the revenue of customs

WHEREAS by an act, made and passed in the twenty Preamble sixth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, (entitled, An act to oblige ships more effectually to pef6 Geo. 1. form their quarantine, and for the better preventing the plague C 6, recited being brought from foreign parts into Great Britain or Ireland, or the isles of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man), various provisions are made, authorities are given, and penalties are imposedj for effecting the purposes intended by the said act: and whereas it II expedient to make further provisions to oblige Ships and vessels more effectually to perform quarantine: be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, From July $4 from and after the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty eight, in addition to the particulars which the prin particular cipal officer of his majesty's customs, or such personas shall authorised by be authorised to see quarantine duly performed, is authorised the recited and required, by the said recited act, to demand an account of from the 'commander, matter, or other person having charge 0vtoecut CC 2 1 lotos eic. to

37s Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. j C

demand of the of any ship or vessel, which shall attempt to enter into any port gander or place in Great Britain or Ireland or the isles of Gtiernfey* jer the^urther fa Alderney Sark or Man and of which particulars side particulars manded, the said commander, matter, or other person having herein charge of such ship or vessel is required, by the said recited act specified.0 give a truc account of, under the penalties by the said u&htb flidled; the said principal officer of his majesty's.enttoms, or such personas shall be authorised to see quarantine duly performed, shall, and is hereby required to demand of the find commander, mailer, or other person having charge of such (flip or vessel; and the said commander, matter, or other person having charge of such ship or vessel, shall, upon such demand, ore a true account of the following particulars; (that is to say), whether his ship or vessel touched at the isle of Rhodes the Marat or any part of the coast of Africa within the Mediterranean or the Levant feasor the port of Magadore; or whether any of the ship's company, or any other person on board his ship or vessel, had, during the voyage homeward, in any manner whatever, any communication with any ship or vessel coming from any of those places? what pilot or pilots, or others persons from the shores of the kingdom of Great Britain, the islands of sofy, Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark or Man have been on board hrs ship or vessel, or had any communication with his ship's company in any manner whatever during the voyage homeward? and whether any of his ship's company had been tick, and of what disorder, in the course of the voyage, or were so Commanders at the time the particulars are demanded? and in case such com antwers1" ^ mant*cr* master or other person having charge of such ship or vessel, forfeit aool. shall, upon such demand as aforesaid, give an untrue or fclfe answer to any of the particulars required by this present act, such commander, matter, or other person, shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds, to be recovered, disposed of, and applied in like manner as the penalty inffitt CD by the said recited a<tt, for not making a true discovery of the particulars required thereby, may be recovered, disposed of, and applied.

II. And whereas by the laws now in farce it may be deemed nettf firy* in certain cases, that the person or persons offending against thi same should have actual notice of the Orders in council of his Meyefy* kis heirs or successors, touching and ref betting quarantine: and whereas it is frequently impossible to prove such actual notice j therefore be it enacted, That it shall not be necessary to give any altual notice of any order or orders of his Majesty in council, or of any regulations therein contained, which are now in force touching and respecting quarantine; and that it shall and may lawful for his Majesty, his heirs or successors, by any order or orders in council hereafter to be made, to limit and fix a time or times, after Publication in which the publication of such order or orders in the Louden future orders Gazette shall he deemed and taken to be sufficient notice to all in council, to persons concerned, of all and every such order or orders in be sufficient council of his Majesty, his heirs or successors. n*lice* III And

Notice of regulations in torce touching quarantine, not necessary to be given.

1788.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 34. ^79

III. And be it further enacted, That evcrv commander, maf From Jan. rf ier, or other person having the charge of any ship or vef7?' fel liable to the performance of quarantine, shall and is hereby rantinetoa" required, from and after the first day of January one thousand boift a signal, seven hundred and eighty nine, in case of meeting or falling in ofthcdcfcrip with any ship or vessel at sea, or within four leagues of the coast j.ion.|j"cin of Great Britain or Ireland, or the ides of Guernsey, Jersey, Al pen^itv^of0" demey, Sark, or Man, to hoist a particular signal, to denote that aooi,his vessel is liable to quarantine; such signal, for the daytime, to be a large yellow flag at the main topmast head; and for the night time, to be a light at the same masthead; on failure whereof, such commander, master, or other person having charge of such ship or vessel, so liable to the performance of quarantine, shall forfeit, for every offence, the sum of two hundred pounds.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every offence committed Offences may

contrary to, or in breach or violation of, the said herein recited* t*in. a St, or this present act, or any order or orders of his Majesty, grea^britain1 ins heirs or successors, now or hereafter to be made in his or etc.

their privy council, ^touching or respecting quarantine, and notified by proclamation, or published in the London Gazette, shall and may be tried, heard, and determined, in any county within Great Britain, or in the proper courts of the isles of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, respectively.

V. And whereas certain vessels and boats, after seizure and condemnation for offences against the revenue of customs and excise, are now by law liable to be broken up, and the seizing officers are rewarded with a moiety of the produce of the materials thereof, after deducing the charges of condemnation and sale: and whereas the reward of the seizing officers in such case is in general very trisling, and in some inflames the charges of condemnation and sale hove exceeded the produce: and tobereas it is expedient that officers of the customs and exciseshould have a proper encouragement to induce them to use their ut most endeavours to seize such vessels and boats; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the From June 14, twenty-fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and customs eighty eight, the of of his majesty's customs and ancj cx(!jfe excise in England for the time being, or any four or more of seizing vessels them, and the of of his majesty's customs in Scot liable to be land for the time being, or any three or more of them, shall, warted and they are hereby authorised and required respectively, out as herein

of any moneys in their hands, arising from his majesty's share mentioned, of seizures, to reward any officer or officers of the customs and excise, who shall seize any vessel or boat, which by law shall be liable to be broken up after condemnation, and shall not be used in his majesty's service, in the following manner; (that is to say), they shall respectively reward, and cause to be paid to such officer or officers the sum of ten Shillings tonne, according to the legal admeasurement thereof, for all such vessels and boats as shall exceed four tonnes by admeasurement; and the sum of forty Shillings for every such boat which (hstfl not exceed four'C C 3 tonnes

commissioners of the customs and excise may cause seized vessels, not constructed forfnaugglingj lo be sold in (lead of $>rokei* up.

tens; and also one moiety of the produce of the materials of such vessels and boats respectively, after deducing therefrom the charges of condemnation and sale.

VI. And whereas it happen:, in some case:, that vejfih seized and Condemned under the laws of customs and excise for illicit practises, which ore now by law directed to be broken up, if not sold to the navjy or to the customs or exefe, are not confirufted or fit for the purposes of Smuggling, and may be useful as trading vejfds; be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That whenever it shall appear to the of of his majesty's customs and excise, in England and Scotland respectively, that any Vessid under seizure by their officers respectively, and which, on condemnation, is now by law liable to be so broken up is of such built and construction as not to be proper or calculated for smuggling, bat (haji, in their judgement, be fit and suitable to be uted and employed in fair mercantile trade, in every such case, it shall and may be lawful for the said of respectively, and they are hereby authorised andf empowered ro cause every such vessel to be sold after condemnation, instead of being broken up; and she produce arising from such Tale shall be disposed of and applied in like manner as the produce of vessels seized by the officers of the customs and excise respectively, and which were not liable to be broken up, were heretofore sold, and the produce thereof difppfed of and applied.

VII. And whereas it is expedient, under certain circumficnus, ti permit and allow the delivery of goods or commodities, upon security, 'which shall or may be seized in purfuatice of any act or acts of parliament made in Great Britain relative to the trade and revenue of the British colonies and plantations in America 5 be it therefore further

Goods seized enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any goods or relative to the commdities shall be seed as forfeited, by virrue or in purfu trade of the arc? any a or as parliament, now or hereafter to be B iufh colour made in Great Britain, relative to the trade and revenue of the nies in Ame said colonies and plantationsin America, it shall and may be lawful deuv(tedy on or ce or judges of any court, having jurisdiction to try security being anc determine such Teizures, to order the delivery of such goods given to or commodities, on sufficient security by bund being given to answer double answer double the value of such goods in case of condemnation, the value. such security to be good and sufficient, and to be taken to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, by and in the name of the collec^or of his majesty's customs in whose custody the said goods may be lodged.

VIII. And, to the end that fycb security may be good and sufficient,

Direction! be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the collector and with regard t comptroller of the customs shall, previous to the execution of the securfty^tc. make drift inquiry into the sufficiency of the sureties prov

9*posed to be bound; and if the said collector and comptroller

shall find them of ability to answer the sum or sums in which they are about to become bound, they shall then certify the same in writing jto the judge or judges of such court respective iy; and upon the production of such certificate, if the judge is

1788.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 34, 381

also satisfied with the sufficiency of the sureties proposed, the bond shall and may be executed, but not otherwise; which bond shall be delivered to and kept in the joint custody of the said col ie6tor and comptroller; and in case the goods or commodities for which such security shall be so taken as aforesaid, shall be condemned, the value thereof shall be paid into the hands of such coile&or, conformably to the condition of the bond, who shall thereupon, with the consent or privity of his comptroller, cancel the bond so given as aforesaid.

IX. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That this* 'n ad shall not extend, or be confirmed to extend, to authorise or a^b/dcli permit the delivery of any goods Or commodities whatever, but vere<i. only in cases where the same shall be peridiable, or where the informer or prosecutor shall delay coining to as speedy a trial as

the course of the court in which the prosecution shall be commenced, and the nature of the circumstances will permit; any law cudom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from From Au. r, and after the fiffl day of dugufl one thousand seven hundred and eighty eight, in case any open boat, belonging in the whole or desection, if in part to any of his Majesty's subjects, and being of the length found within of twenty-three feet and upwards, built and confirudted for row four Gagnes ing or uiiing, or for rowing and failing, the length cf which fthe I*1* shall be greater than in the proportion of three feet and cat'half to one foot in breadth, to be measured by a straight Britain, hne from the forepart of the (tern to the act side of the.

transum or stern post aloft, shall be found, either upon the water, within any port of the kingdom of Great Britain, or member or creek thereof, or within four leagues of the coast of Great Britain or in any place upon land in Great Britain, such open boat shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized and boats, by any officer or officers of the customs or excise; and in of the built case any open boat, which shall be built for rowing or failing, or b, CL

for rowing and failing, belonging in the whole or in part to any forfeited." of his Majesty's subjects, and being of the length of eighteen feet, and under the length of twenty-four feet, from the forepart of the Item ro the act side of the transum or stern post aloft, and the depth of which shall be greater than in the proportion of one inch and one quarter of an inch to every foot in length, such depth to be taken from the upper part of the plank next the keel to the top of the upper drake, whether such upper strake shall be fixed to the boat, or shall be used as loose or (hiding wadi drakes, such boat shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of the customs or excise, together with the ship or vessel to which such boat shall belong. Boats of 14

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That fcct>.of a Pr

all open boats, belonging as aforesaid, of twenty-four feet and than

upwards, the depth of which shall be greater than in the pro, portion of one inch to one foot in length, such depth to be taken to 1 foot in as herein before mentioned, shall and may be seized by any [5nft.h at officer or officers of the customs or excise*

Provided always, That this at shall not extend, or be C "

c4 cona*

3s2 Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. 34. [1788.

belonging to conftroed to extend, to forfeit any boat on account of her fte navy, C belonging to or employed in the service of his myfty^nwpjm victualling, ordnance, customs, exrife, or post office, or vbhki is used on any canal or inland navigation, nor to any boat wbhy ever the owner of which shall have a licence from the lord imfe admiral of Great Britain, or the eommhfioners of the adosonjfr for the time being, if such licence shall be actually on bootfc such boat at the time of her being detained or examined: mt boats which shall be constructed and built with timbers plank not less than the following scantling; (vide&eet), xn opo* boat from twenty to twenty-five feet in length, having pinole three quarters of an inch thick, ami timbers one inch and can quarter of an inch square 5 from twenty-five to thirty feet h length, having plank one inch and one eighth of an inch rfaickt and timbers two inches square 5 from thirty to thirty five feet i length, having plank one inch and three quarters of an inch thick, and timbers three inches square; from thirtyrfive to forty feet in length, having plank two inches thick, and timbers four inches square; from forty to fifty feet in length, having plank two inches thick, and timbers five inches square; from fifty feet and upwards in length, having plank three indies thick, and timbers six inches square.

XIII. And whereas it bat been found that majflers of slip and vef* felt have wilfully and maheiously detained and ref used to deliver of certificates of regijlry1, granted tn pvrfuana of an ag made and pcffh in the seventk and eighth years of the reign of his late majesty King CM. 1'3 William the Third, (entitled. An act for preventing frauds, and*'regulating abuses in the plantation trade); and also of an G

paid in the twenty firthyear of his present Majesty's reign, entitled,6 Geo. |. An act for the further increase and encouragement of shipping C and navigation), to the prejudice of the owner or owners of fycb ships

and vessels; for the remedying whereof in future, be it further ca ?ali "ac That on complaint made on oath (by the owner or any ingucertiir 1^' Isle owners of any ship or vessel whose certificate of registry cates of regi shall be so detained and refused to be delivered up) of such de (try, toforteit tainer and refusal, to any justice of the peace Widing near to the ioo. on con place where such detainer and refvtfal shall be, either in Great viaion. Britain, or in the islands of Jersey, Guernsey, or Man, or in any

colony, plantation, ifhind, or territory, to his Majesty belonging, in America, it shall and may be lawful for such justice, by warrant under his hand and feel, to cause such matter to be brought before him to be examined touching such detainer and refusel; aid if it shall appear to the said justice, on examination of the matter or otherwise, that the same is not lost or mislaid, but is wilfully and maliciously detained by the said matter, such matter shall be thereof convitfed, and shall forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds, and On failure of payment thereof, within the space of two days after such con VI fiion, he shall be committed to the common gaol, there to remain, without bail or mainprise, for such time as the said justice shall, in his discretion, deem proper, hot being less than fixmonths, nor more than twelve months. ru*XIV And

1788.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 35. 383

nxivp And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Justice majr hmwtea for the said justice, and he is hereby required to issue a, ffu5 wai?nt# wirrant tinder his hand and seal, to cause search to be made ceita^test far sech certificate; and if the same shall be found, the said C and if not juaice shall cause the same to be delivered to the owner, or sound, to cer such of the owners as shall have made the said complaint; and if the tame shall not be found, the said justice shall, and he is ho panted hereby required to certify the aforesaid detainer, refusal, and the last certi conviction, to the person or persons who granted the last cer ficatei, that tifieate of registry for such ship or vessel, who shall, on the fresh ones terms and conditions of the said acts being complied with, make registry of such ship or vessel de novo, and grant a certificate thereof, conformably to the directions of the said as, aerifying on the back of such certificate the ground upon which such ship or vessel was so registered do novo.

CAP. XXXV.

An act to enable his Majesty to wake such regulations as may be necessary to prevent the inconvenience which might ar'tfe from the competition of his Majesty's subjects and those of the most ebriftian king 1 in carrying on the fishery on the coojls of the if and Newfoundland,

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS, by the thirteenth article of the treaty con

eluded at Utrecht on the fourth day of April, new file, in Treaty of the year of our Lori one thousand seven hundred and thirteen, be Utrecht re tween her late majesty Queen Anne and the mofi ebriflian king cited Louis the Fourteenth, it was, among other things, agreed, That thesjland called Newfoundland, with the adjacent islands, Should, fremibat time forward, belt

that end tie town am

rd, belong d fortress.

right wholfy to Britain, and to of Placentia, and whatever other places in the said island were in the possession of the French, should be yielded and given up, within seven months from the exchange of the ratification of that treaty, or sooner if pdfible, by the mofi chris ian king, to those who had a commijfton from the )ucen of Great Britain tlmt purpose; nor should the mofi chrifian king, his heirs or successors, or any of their subjttts, at any time there after, lay claim to any right to the said island and islands, or to any part of them; moreover, it should not be lawful for the subjects of France to fortify any place in the said island of Newfoundland, or to re any buildings there, besides stages made of boards, and huts nttessary and useful for drying of jish, or to resort to the said island beyond the time necessary forfishing and drying jish: That k should be allowed to the subjects of r ranee to catch fish, and to dry them on land, on that part only, and in none other besides that part of the island Newfoundland, which Jlr etches from the place called Cape bo navista, to the northern point of the said island, and from thence running down by the western side, and reaches as far as the place called Cape Rich: and whereas, by the fifth article of the treaty Treaty of if peace, concluded at Paris on the tenth day of February one thou paris recited. [and seven hundred and sixty tbrte, between his Majesty and the

384 Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 35. CI st.

late mofi christian King Louis the Fifteenth, and his most catbwsd majesty, it was, among other things, agreed, that (be fubyeot d France should have the liberty of fishing and drying on a fart eftm coast of the island of Newfoundland, such as is spedfied in the thirteenth article of the treaty of Utrecht, which article it Treaty of firmed and renewed by the present treaty: and whereas, by the fiflb vcrja, ca article of the definitive treaty of peace, concluded at vcrfihles^fc*

reciteo* tween his Majesty and the most christian king, on the third detynj

September one thousand seven hundred and eighty throe, it wm, afnong^ other things, agreed, That his majesty, the King of Great Britain, should be maintained in his right to thi island of Newfoundland, and to the adjacent ifiarids, as the whole were offered to Mm by the thirteenth article of the treaty Utrecht, excepting the Islands of Saint Pierre and Miquelon, which Were ceded in right, by the ford treaty of the third day of September one than f and seven hundred and eighty-three, to his most christian majesty \ and that his majesty, the mofi christian king, 'in order to prevent the quarrels which had before then arisen between the two notions if England and France, consented to remove the right of fishing which belonged to him in virtue of the aforesaid article of the treaty rf Utrecht, from Cape Bonavifta to Cape Saint John, situatedon the eafiern coast Newfoundland, in fifty degrees north latitude, and his majesty, the King of Great Britain consented, on his part, that the fishery.assigned to the futijefis of his most christian jesty, beginning at the said Cape Saint John, pdfjtng to the north,

and defending by the wefitrn coafi of the island of Newfoundland, should extend to the place called Cape Rage, 'fitvate in ferty fevm degrees and fifty minutes latitudes she French fishermen fbaufi enjoy the fishery which was assigntd to them by the said article, as they had the right to enjoy that which was assigntd to them by the treaty Declaration of Utrecht: and whereas, by a declaration delivered by his Moot the French jesty's ambaffhdor extraordinary to his most christian majesty, bearing 5 " 1*783 ate af on l^efad third dy September one thousand seven hundred

cited.*and eighty-three, his Majesty engaged not only to injure the execution of the last mentioned triay with his known good faith and punctuality, but to give all possible efficacy to fitch principles as my prevent dispute; and, that the fishertnen of the two nations may net gibe cause for daily'quarrels, was plyafed to engage that be would take the mofi positive measures for preventing his subjects from interrupting in any manner, by their competition, the fishing of the French, during the temporary exercise thereof which is granted ts them upon the coafis of the island of Newfoundland, and that be would, for that purpose, cause the permanent settlements which should be formed there to be removed; and that be would give orders that the French fishermen should not be incommoded in the cutting of wood necessary for the repair of their feoff olds, huts, and fshing boats; and that the thirteenth article of the treaty Utrecht, and the method of carrying on the fishery which had at all times ban acknowledged, should be the plan upon which the fishery flxnsli be carried on there, and that it should not be deviated from by either party, the French fishermen building only their ftafsolis, confining

f'r.r.'alp themfehjti

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 35. 385

Skfs to the repair of their fishing vessels, and not wintering; the subjects of his Britannic Majesty, on their party not fling in any mariner the French fishermen during their fishing, injuring their feoff olds during their absence: and whereas it is dent, in conformity to the definitive treaty of peace and the de ii: n aforesaid y that his Majesty's subjects should be prevented t interrupting in any manner, by their competition, the afore fishery of the subjects of kis most christian majesty, during the iorary exercise thereof which is granted to them on the coafi of tfoundland; and that all permanent establishments on that part he (tall allotted to the French fishermen should be removed; and such fishermen should be in no manner moufiedy contrary to the r of the said treaty, and the good faith thereof: in order, there9that kis Majesty may be the better enabled to carry the said h! treaties and declarations into faithful and punctual execution, w8 make such regulations as may be expedient, respecting the Trin the manner herein after mentioned, be it enacted by 'king's most excellent majesty by and with the advice and lent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in tpresent parliament assembled, and by the authority of the t, That it shall and may he lawful for his Majesty, his His Majesty k and successors, by advice of council, from time to time, by advice of

Iive such orders and instructions to the governor of New council, may Handy or to any officer or officers on that station, as lie tole lay shall deem proper and necessary to fulfil the purposes governor of he definitive treaty and declaration aforesaid; if it Newfound 11 be necessary to that end, to give orders and instructions et 39 the governor, or other officer or officers aforesaid, to re proper or cause to be removed, any stages, flakes, train watts, fujtil the purser works whatever, for the purpose of carrying on fishery, poles of the Jed by his Majesty's subjects on that part of the coast of j.r?aty f er wfmdland which lies between Cape Saint John, pa^ing to [he decura ' north, and defeending by the western coast of the said tien of the d to the place called Cape Ragey and also all ships, vessels, French king, boats, belonging to his Majesty's subjects, which shall be above recited, i within the limits aforesaid, and also, in case of refusal part from within the limits aforesaid, to compel any of Majesty's subjects to depart from thence 5 any law, usage,

'utlom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

3, And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, tet if any person or persons shall refuse, upon requifuion Persons refus kic by the governor, or any officer or officers acting under j.ns to conn, in pursuance of his majesty's orders or instructions as irtsaid, to depart from within the limits aforesaid, or other the governor, ft to conform to such requisition and directions as such go to forfeit xool. fuor, or other officer as aforesaid, shall make or give, for t purposes aforesaid, every such person or persons so refusing, otherwise offending against the same, shall forfeit the sum two hundred pounds, to be recovered in the court of fef, ni or court of vice admiralty in the said island of New How pennl

indlond, or by bill, plaint, or information, in any of his tes are to be J '^recovered and

Limitation of suits.

386 X Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. c. 36. [1788.

majesty's courts of record at Westminster\ one moiety of Isacfc penalty to belong to his Majesty, his heirs and succesibi*, and the other moiety to such person or persons as shall Ibe or prosecute for the same: provided always, That every such hit or prosecution, if the same be commenced in Wwvf nmiumi. shall be commenced within three months, and if commeuqpd in any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster* withift twelve months, from the time of the commission of such offence.

CAP. XXXVI.

An act for the better securing tbt rights of persons qualified to vol at county elections.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the laws now in being for ascertaining tbt rhjks of persons claiming to vote at the elections of Inigbts of tie hire to fervt in parliament for that part of Great Britain csboi England, and for the dominion of Wales, have by experience ten found inadequate: and whereas it is highly expedient to prevent, in such elections disputes delays, uncertainty and expense: and whereas it would greatly contribute to the prevention of the seed evils and to the ascertaining of the rights of the said persons if prep registers of freeholders were to be by law established: and whereas it would be much for the ease and convenience of the generality of freeholders if they were to be enabled to cause their names to be enrolled therein without being obliged to travel to a great Sfianu from their respective habitations for that purpose: it therefore enacted, and it is hereby enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the king's printer shall provide, for every county in that part of Gnat number of re Britain called England and for every county in the dominion giftera Mihail of Wales such number of registers as he (in manner herein after mentioned) shall, by the clerk of the peace of each such county (riding or division) respectively be required to provide*and every such register shall be of the form specified in the schedule hereunto annexed, No. 1; and each and every such register shall contain a copy of this act, printed by the king's printer, in the Roman letter, or in the Roman and

March? 1780! Balici; and there shall be an abstract of jhis ad printed in the margin of every such copy; and the king's printer (has, on or before the fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and eighty nine, deliver such registers (or cause the same to be safely delivered) to each such clerk of the peace respectively; Clerk of the and every such clerk of the peace shall, on or before the fifth r^reifter^onc t*l0u^ar^ even hundred and eighty nine, de

to^ach^rrgif ^iver onc such register (or cause the same 10 be safely delivered) er keeper beto each person herein after authorised to act as a register keep ture April 6, er within such respective county, and such register keeper shall, and is hereby required to signa receipt for the same, of the form specified in the schedule hereunto annexed, No. 2.

The King's printer to pro vrde such

be required and to trans snit them to the clerks of the peace for each county in England

1788.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 36. 387

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That parift1 to

there shall be, for each and every parish in that part of Great Britain called England, and in the dominion of wausy a re gitter keeper, and that (inasmuch as there are, in some parts of this kingdom, paruhes of a large and inconvenient extent, but which are subdivided into districts) every subdivision of a parish, or every particular distrksk (whether township, and every quarter, hamlet, parochial chapelry, constablewick, or other) for which a (Separate and distinct collector or joint collectors of the there it land tax, is or are'now appointed, shall be deemed to be a sea distinct col parate and distinct parish for all and every the purposes of this leftorof the ad, but for no other purpose; that the person who shall {j^jleemed^i collect the land tax for each parish (or district) as aforesaid re distindtpaha. fjpedively, shall be register keeper for such parish (or district), Collectora of and he is hereby required to act as such; and where there the land tax to shall be, for any parish (or district) as aforesaid, joint collec j regis tors of the land tax, the person first named for collector in the tcr' ccpcr8 instrument appointing such joint collectors, shall be the register lceeper for such parish (or district) 5 and in case of the death. If in any di illaefs, or absence of the person so first named, then the next 5n<^hlfre person authorised by law to act as collector, shall and is here laj no by authorised and required to act as register keeper for such granted, or if parish (or daftrid); and if at any time there shall be no land the collector tax granted and assessable, or in case of the death, illness, or shall die, dec. absence of every person authorised by law to collet the land for^tp tax in any particular parish (or district) as aforesaid, or if at pointed, the any time there shall ( from any other cause) be no person au constable to thorised by law to collect the land tax in any such parish (or betheregif district)) and in every such case the constable or constables ttr keeper of such parish or district (or other officer or officers executing or performing the same or the like duty as that of constable) shall, and is or are hereby required to act as register keeper for such parish (or district) as aforesaid; every person who register shall act as register keeper as' aforesaid shall and is hereby re quired carefully to preserve the said register, which shall be jdfter.andde called the Register of freeholders" for fpc liver it to kis

cifying the parish or district as aforesaid], and the said regis fucccflbr. ter of freeholders shall be safely delivered to the successor in office of such register keeper 5 and that, from and after the Every free passing of this act, every person having, in any county afore holdertohave laid, a freehold estate or estates within the true intent and meaning of this act, shall have a Tight to cause his name to be en she regiftlr rolled in the register of freeholders for the parish (or district) for the parish as aforesaid within which the whole or any part of such estate where his or estates shall lie, or out of which the whole or any part of state, orpt^ such estate or estates shall issue, upon making personal appli ^'asd regis cation for that purpose to the register keeper of such parish ter keeper, if (or district) as aforesaid; and if any register keeper shall be qualified, may duly qualified, according to the true intent and meaning of this act, to have his name enrolled in the register of free t v*holders in his custody, it shall be lawful for him to enrol his own name in such. register

388 Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 35. [1788.

Freeholders

III. And whereas it would be expedient that freeholders rtjd* residing at a \, g Qt Q disjance from he parish or place within which their n theivfree 0m fptblive freeholds shall lie or out of which the same shall issue, jbs&u holds, may be be enabled to cause their names to be enrolled in the register of frte enrolled, on holders aforesaid, without their being obliged to travel to such pc swearing to an rjjft j b.c. jt therefore further enacted by the authority afore fore a justice That lt allan may lawful for any freeholder of any

jostle county county aforesaid, who shall reside (or shall be) within such in which they county, or within any other county of Great Britain, to cause who is his name to be enrolled in the register of freeholders aforesaid, t to theat" n le Allowing manner; (that is to say), such freeholder shall testation. produce, to any justice of the peace for the county wjierc such freeholder shall reside (or shall then be) an attestation of the form specified in the schedule hereunto annexed, ajo. 3, which attestation shall be sworn to and subscribed by such freeholder before such justice, and such justice is hereby empowered and required, upon request being made to him by such freeholder, to administer such oath "gratis " and to sign the jurat at the If the justice foot thereof, (and unless the justice, who shall sign the said b5<vnotilmar jurat, shall be a justice of the peace for the county in which county where le estate of such freeholder shall lie, or out of which the same the freehold shall issue, an oath of the form specified in the schedule here lies, the attef unto annexed. No. 4, shall be written or printed at the endrodu ed^oa attestation; and the said attestation shall be pro

justice of that duced to some justice of the peace for the county in which die county; estate of such freeholder shall lie, or out of which the same and the person shall issue; and the person producing such attestation to such producing it justice shall, before such justice, take and subscribe the said last m d^ubferibe mentone oat anc such justice is hereby empowered and re an oath at the cluire^y upon request being made to him by such person, to foot thereof, administer such oath "gratis" and to sign the jurat at the On such attef foot thereof); and any attestation as aforesaid being after tation's being wards produced to the proper register keeper aforesaid, the free produced to holder whose estate is described in the said attestation shall be keeper he" as em*tled to have his name enrolled in such register of freeholder is freeholders, as if such freeholder were personally to apply as entitled to be aforesaid to such register keeper for that purpose; and such at enrolled. testation shall be left with such register keeper, who is here attentions by requirecj l0 demand the same to be lo left: and the register theregiftw ^ceper foall deliver "gratis" unto every person who shall keeper, whois produce to him any such attestation as aforesaid, a copy of the to give a copy enrolment which shall be made in consequence of such attef of the enrol tation being so produced, provided that the said copy shall be manded the demanded on the day on which such attestation shall be so pro same day. duced.

Freeholders

IV. And be it further enacted and declared by the authority

above 18 years aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any freeholder,

sage, enti above the age of eighteen years, ro he enrolled in any register

LI 0 keen f free'00iders aforesaid, provided such person shall have a free roiled. on rc t,

quelling so to h Jd estate within the true intent and meaning of this act, and

be. provided such person shall, (by personal application, or by

3*9

1788.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. c. 3

attestation, as aforesaid) request to be enrolled; and ever' such person shall be as fully entitled to be enrolled, and shall, in case of a refusal, have the same remedy or remedies, as any ocher freeholder.

V. And be it further enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid, That the registers of freeholders aforesaid shall con Register to tain the matters and things in the schedule hereunto annexed, Otters in Afe, 1, particularly specified; that no register keeper, au schedule, nr. thorised to make enrolments in pursuance of this act, shall register, have any judicial power or authority whatsoever, with respect keeper to to any question which may arise relative to the right of any per have any ju fbn to be enrolled within the true intent and meaning of this dicia! power at 5 but every such register keeper shall, and is hereby requir question of ed to enrol (or in his orefence to cause to be enrolled) the name nght to enos every person who shall (by personal application, or by attef rolment; cation as aforesaid, and at the dwelling house of the proper rebut 18 tocn' gifter keeper, on any day, and at a seasonable hour) request son^hctap* to be enrolled in the proper register of freeholders aforesaid; plies accordant! the register keeper who shall make any such enrolment ingtothisad. (or whof shall cause the same in his presence to be made) shall register and is hereby required to sign such enrolment; but no register cn^ment6^a keeper as aforesaid shall be compellable to make any such en but not com rolment before the sixth day of April one thousand seven hun pellable to dred and eighty nine, or on a Sunday, a Good Friday, or a u1ake ant b.c. christmas ioy, or on any day set apart by authority for general oron a fading or thanksgiving; and every freeholder, or other person Sunday, See. as aforesaid, who shall (in either manner aforesaid) make ap Freeholders plication for any such enrolment to be made, shall have the may examine right to be present, and to examine whether the same be cor an^r^uire redfcly entered in the register of freeholders, and shall likewise ^gifter have the right to require that the said register keeper (hold keeper to iiga sign the said enrolment forthwith in the presence of the person them, making such application; and every such register keeper shall ^b^made* and is hereby required to make every such enrolment u gratis " gratis

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That after the tenth day of July one thousand seven hundred After July to, and ninety, no person shall be permitted to vote at any elec79. noper tien of any knight or knights of the Shire to serve in parlia ^kni 'ht naent for any county aforesaid, until such person shall have of the (lifrc made the following declaration; (videlicet), until he makes

the following

I Do declare, That my name is A.B. and that lam degaration.

[specifying the addition, profession, or trade of such per (bnj and that the usual place of my abode is at

Jand, if it be d town confiding of more streets than one, then pecifying in what street] in the eounfy of, and

that Jam enrolled in the register of freeholders for [specifying the parish or district in the register of freeholders for which such person is enrolled] in she county of and that really and truly have in the said parish or dislrift, [or in the said parish on difirih, and in specifying in

- wiut

No person to vote who bat not been enrolled a year.

Perron tendering rote to make the following

declaration.

Per fan ft to whom freeholds shall have come by death, office, or marriage, within 2 yeari beforetendering the ir

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 38.

What other parish or district, if the case shall be, i

ttunty] an tjiauef the clear yearly value of,

and above the interest of any money by mortgage 1

estate, and alo over and above all rents and outgoings) of or in re/pe3 of the said eftattyother than or parochial taxes; and that the said estate of

[specifying whether the same confide of lands, oreft or of tithes, or of an office, or of a relit charge; 1 said estate consist of lands, or of messuage, or of I naming some occupier of such lands or messuage jr said estate confifi of an office, then naming the that I am in theaffual pejfeffien or receipt of the rents

the said estate for my own use; and that I do [or, da i case may be] vote in virtuo of a leae, [and if it bea lease, then specifying the date of the said lease, andt tian names and the fumames of the parties thereto];

1 have not bten polled before at this;

my knowledge and belief, I am of the full age of i

tend have in my said estate a freehold.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority That after the said tenth day of July one thou find f deed and ninety, no person (except as herein after shall have a right to vote at any election ad any knights of the Shire to serve in parliament for any cyal said, without having been enrolled, as hereinbefore I ed, in (one register of freeholders within such cow twelve calendar months before the day on which shall tender his vote at such election; and every as herein after excepted) who shall after the'fei his vote at any such election as aforesaid, shall, permitted to vote at such cledion, make the foiloi ration:

I Do declare. That have been enrolled at leas months in the register of freeholders for [specifying the parish or district in the register of for which such person is enrolled] in the county of and that I have, by myself or been for at leas

lendar months last pajl in the aslual possession or reeetpt of or profits, for my own use, of the estate for which I claim to I

this election.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by I thority aforesaid, That if any person (without has name enrolled for twelve calendar months as afe claim a right to vote at any such election as aforesaid*of a freehold eftat* which shall have come to him i the death of any person, or by promotion to any I any office, or by marriage, such person shall have a vote for such estate, anything herein before coir 1

1788.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 36. 391

CWOTJ notwithstanding, provided that the said freehold totes, to be dufe shall have come to him within two years before the day px which he shall tender his vote, and provided the person so names have claiming to vbte shall have had his name enrolled as herein been enrolled hrfeir mentioned, in the register of freeholders for some pa prior to ten rifia (or district) within the county, before the time when he'drin&thero* Hcdl tender his vote; and every such person who shall, after the Such persona Aid tenth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety,*kj* tender his vote at any such election as aforesaid, shall, before,

llc be permitted to vote at such election, make (instead of the declaration aft abovementioned) the following declaration;

videlicet

Do declare. That the estate for which claim to Vote at this declaration. elifiion came to mo within two years last pajl, by the death of specifying the christian name and the surname of the person by whole death the person claiming to vote shall have acquired such estate, or] by promotion to the benefice cf [or] by promotion to the Office of

cpo h marriage with [as the case may be.]

But no such personas aforesaid, whose name shall have been But no such enrolled as aforesaid less than twelve calendar months, shall be P"*" ffennitted to vote, unless such person (moreover) do produce to produce a co u19 sheriff (or other person who shall by law be authorised pt of hit en mtalre the poll at such election) a copy of his enrolment, and rolment, and (Kh copy shall be left with the said sheriff (or other person au |iv!l't tfsbrifed to take the poll) who is hereby required to demand Uien Ole said copy to be so lefti

IX. And whereas inconveniencies might arise, if persons not hw any frubold estate, within the true intent and meaning of this,

o&y were to cause their names to be enrolled in any register of freeholders as aforesaid; be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person shall (by personal appli If any person cation, or by attestation) cause his name to be enrolled in any i cause register of freeholders which shall be kept in pursuance of this cnroued who ad, without such person actually having, at the time of such has not a le cnrolment, a freeholdj or if such estate shall not (at such gal freehold, time) be of the clear yearly value of forty Shillings, over and or which does above the interest of any money secured by mortgage upon the dtftris for*said estate, and alfjo over and above all rents and outgoings which the en payable out of or in respect of the said estate, other than par rolment is, Iiamentary, public, or parochial taxes 5 or if the whole or jpade, or if he some part of the said estate shall not lie in the parish (or district) ^cdpvof the in the register of freeholders for which such person shall have rents; or if caused Vis name to be enrolled, or iflbq out of lands or tene it be fraudu ments within such parish (or district; if such person (at lently granted the time of the making of such enrolment) shall not be, by mif!i^te himself or others, in the actual possession or receipt of the anyparticu rents or profits of such estate for such person's own use; or lars thereof, if any person who shall cause his name to be enrolled in any he (bail for voi. XXXVI D d suchfeit iol

39*

Per font voting who are under twenty-one years, or who have not a freehold, to forfeit aol.

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 36. [1788.

such regiftef of freeholders shall be palfefted of rto freehold estate, but of such is shall have been granted to him fraudulently, or in which his interest (full be nominal or fi&itions; or shall, upon personal application to be enrblied, mif state any of the particulars directed by this act to be specified in his enrolment j every person who shall be found guilty of any of the said offences, shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, to any person or persons Who bill first sue for the same.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person (half Vote at any election of any knight or knights of the Shire to serve in parliament for any oounty aforesaid, in virtue of any estate which shall dot be a freehold, or without being of the full age of twenty-one Yeats, such peffel shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds of lawtfl money Great Britain to any candidate for whom such person shall not have voted at the said cledion, and who shall first foe for the said forfeiture; but if no such candidate shall sue iot the said forfeiture within three calendar (ntirith* after the offence shall have been committed, then the said forfeiture shall go to any person or persons who shall first sue for the same.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any register keeper authorised and required to make enrolments in any register of freeholders in pursuance of this

shall wilfully refuse to dnfrol therein zi aforesaid the name and not hew of any person who shall (by personal applicafidh or attestation) ing fuffivient request to have his name so enrolled, then, ind in suche?fe, rcfufaltoa lf fcfufal being proved upon the oath, of "one ormor*

justice, to for credible witness or witnesses, before any justied of the peace feit 40*. to the for the county, (riding or division), it shall be lawful for Web person refus justice, and he is hereby required to summon such register keeper to appear before him, and to shew cause why he did so refuse to make such enrolment; and if fetch register keeper shall not shew sufficient cause to such justice for such refuhl, or if such register keeper, bdng duly summoned as aforesaid, shall neglect to obfcy such summons, without giving sufficient reason for not obeying the same, such justice shall, by warrant under his hand and seal, cause to be levied, by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of the said register keeper, the sum of forty Shillings of lawful money of Great Britain, and also the full costs and charges attending such distress and sale, and the sum so levied shall go and be paid to the person who and ifthey re Hiall have been so refused to be enrolled as aforesaid; and if tiineatocfor ater any ch distress and sale such register keeper shall (on '*fresh application by such personas aforesaid to be enrolled)

again refuse to make such enrolment, such register keeper, being convicted thereof in manner aforesaid, shall forfeit to the person who shall have been again so refused to be enrolled, the sum of ten pounds, (to be recovered in manner aforesaid), and also the full costs and charges attending the distress and sale, and shall also forfeit to the said person, upon every subsequent

segifter keepers refusing to make enrolments.

da

i

sat tol and so for every iuotctquent ret utal.

393

B Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 3

conridion for the like offence, the like sum of ten pounds, (to be recovered in manner aforesaid), and also the sail coils and charges attending the distress and fate.

XII. And, for the bitter promulgation of this act, be it further sia&ed by the authority aforesaid, That the cleric of the Clerk of the peace for every county (riding or division) aforesaid shall, on jt before the said fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred topdeli*er to ind eighty nine, cause to be delivered to the different register the different keepers within the said county (riding or division) a sufficient register keep number of printed copies of the following notice, to be distri frs within his tinted by the said register keepers to all the freeholders within copies ofs* the districts of such register keepers respectively; the said notice, to be register keepers are hereby required to leave (or to cause to be left at the left) one of the said printed notices at the usual place of abode cbuc?jevc^ of every freeholder within their respective districts, in the said thvfadd*month of April one thousand seven hundred and eighty nine; month of and every such register keeper shall also, on some one or April; which more of the Sundays in the said month of April one thousand \lf tn^jic fmn hundred and eighty nine, affix, or cause to be affixed, jjoor ofevery on the principal door of every church or chapel (if any such church, there be) within his respective district, immediately before the ufital hour of morning service (or if no morning service, then immediately before the usual hour of evening service) a notice in the following words; (that is to say), "Whereas, by an act of parliament, made and passed in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his majesty King George the Third, entitled.

An act for the better securing the rights of persons qualified to vote <* county elections, it is enacted, That no person (except as therein excepted) shall vote at any election of any knight or knights of the Shire to serve in parliament for any county in that part of Great Britain called England, or in the dominion of Wales, without having had his name enrolled in some register of freeholders within such county, at lead twelve calendar months before the day on which such person shall tender his vote at fetch election: every freeholder therefore, having in any one county a freehold estate of the clear yearly value of forty Shillings, is to take notice of the said act, and to cause his name to be enrolled accordingly; and the collector of the land tax for each parish or district (being by virtue of the said act authorised and required to act as a register keeper) will be ready St his respective dwelling house on the first Monday in the month of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty nine, X

(between the hours of nine in the forenoon and of three in the Afternoon of the said day) for the purpose of making enrolments inporfuance of the said adkand the said register keeper shall Register fibscribe his name, and his place of abode to the said notice:

Ind the clerk of the peace for every county (riding or division) D

Ifortfeid shall, on or before the said fifth day of April one Clerk of the [thousand seven hundred and eighty nine, also deliver, or cause peace, by 90 be delivered, to each and every register keeper within such April 5, 17$9, tounty (riding or division) a printed charge in what manner t^regmer*D d 2 h S

394

keepers charges relative to pob lishing the notices, See. to cause the notices to be proclaimed, and to send a copy thereof to every newspaper printed within the county, in the said month of April. register keeper to signa receipt for the notices.

register keepers, between the first Monday in May, and June L 1789, to deliver to every freeholder, who has not been enrolled the following summons.

register keeper to fub fenbe the fulfcmons.

register keeper to be already at his

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 36. [1788.

he is to publish the said notices, and also in what manner such register keeper is (in other respects) to execute this act, which charge shall be of the form specified in the schedule hereunto annexed. No. 8.; and every such clerk of the peace shall cause the said notice to be publicly proclaimed in all the principal streets, squares, and places, in every market town within the county (riding or division) on same market day (if ny such there be) in the said month of April one thousand fetfen hundred and eighty nine; and every such clerk of the peace shall send a copy of the said notice to the printer of every newspaper printed within such respective county (riding or division), in order that the same may be inserted in a conspicuous manner at the head of the first column of the first page of every such newspaper, once in the said month of April one thousand seven hundred and eighty nine; and every register keeper aforesaid shall signa receipt for the said notices of the form specified in the schedule hereunto annexed, No. 2.

XIII. And whereas it is expedient to prevent any freeholder from being by accident or inattention omitted to be enrolled in the rv gijler of freeholders; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every register keeper aforesaid shall, between the said first Monday in the said month of May one thousand seven hundred and eighty nine and the first day of the month of June then next following, deliver or cause to be safely delivered unto each and every person who shall have a freehold efbfte within the parish (or district) of such register keeper, and who shall then reside within such parish (or district), and who shall not have caused his name to be enrolled as aforesaid in the register of freeholders of such parish (or district), a printed or written summons in the following words; (videlicet), <4 By an at of parliament, made and passed in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his majesty King George the Third, intituled An act for the better securing the rights of per font qualified to vole at county elections, it is enacted, That if you have a freehold of the clear yearly value of forty Shillings within my district, and if you shall not cause your name to be eorolled in the register of freeholders in my custody before the feoond Thursday in the month of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty nine; then and in such case you shall appear before me at my dwelling house on the said day, and between the boors of nine in the forenoon and of three in the afternoon of the said day, in order then and there to cause your name to be enrolled; for, you will not be entitled to vote at any election of any knight or knights of the Shire to serve in parliament, in virtue of the said freehold, without having lad your name enrolled in such register of freeholders at Teaft twelve' calendar. months before the day on which you shall tender your vote at such election; " and the said register keeper shall subscribe his name and his place of abode to the said summons

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That each and every register keeper shall, and he is hereby required to be ready at his r$speuvo dwelling house, on the

1788.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 36. 395

fikf first Monday of the said month of May one thousand seven house on the fcumkedand eighty nine, between the hours of nine in the fore Monday m odoa andjof three in the afternoon of the said day, for the pur make7urol  fofc of making enrolments in pursuance of this act: and if any meats; fegifter keeper aforesaid shall have sent any summons as aforesaid, then, and in such case, every such register keeper respect tirely, is hereby also required to be ready at his then dwelling house 00 the said second Thursday of the said month of June one and on the thousand seven hundred and eighty nine, between the hours of second thur ntne i the forenoon and of three in the afternoon of the said j?lm ^unc day, for the purpose of making enrolments in pursuance of this 9*

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the king's printer shall provide for each clerk of the The king's peace aforesaid, a number of books equal to the number of Pinter to aegifters which he shall have provided for such respective clerk totdmit^ of the peace in pursuance of this act, and the said books shall be pjt8 Gf en*in the manner specified in the schedule hereunto annexed, rolmentf, and ft. 7, and shall be so bound as to admit leaves containing copies b'j, nk foring of enrolments as herein after mentioned, to be inserted therein; a'n<

mod (hah also provide a number of blank forms of enrolments to transmit according to the form specified in the schedule. No. 1, hereunto them to the annexed, but printed on single half (heets) equal to the total derks of thf number of forms of enrolments contained in the whole number of registers which he shall have provided for each such clerk of atim peace respectively: and the king's printer shall, on or before flte said fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and ighty-nine, deliver (or cause to be safely delivered) the said books and blank forms to each such clerk of the peace respective Clerks of the ly; and each clerk of the peace aforesaid shall, on or before the Pfac by9- ttid fifth day of April one thousand seven hundred and eighty topdistribute*nine, distribute (or cause to be properly dlstribuetd) one half of half the blank the Aid blank forms, amongst all the register keepers within the formsamongst county (riding or division) of such clerk of the peace; and each the such register keeper shall, and is hereby required to signa receipt arc rc* for the same, of the form specified in the schedule hereunto an ceipts for nexed. No. 2.* them.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every register keeper (or person officiating as such as afore register said) shall, previous to the general quarters sessions of the peace ket'pers which shall be held for the county (riding or divuion) in the enrol tnonth of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty nine, ments in the make (or cause to be made) upon the blank forms of enrolments register upon on single half (heets, mentioned in this act, anexaft andcorreft copy of each and every enrolment contained in the register of ir them to freeholders in his custody, and of the progressive number of the clerk o every such enrolment, and shall carefully examine the said copies the peace at with the corresponding enrolments in the original register, and [h*quart|riv shall carry and deliver the said copies to the clerk of the peace at 1v9 " verifyu the said general quarter sessions, and shall then and there declare ing themupoa ppon oath (or upon solemn affirmation, if he shall bepqe of th oath; and - Ddq'people afterwards, m

39$

January and July yearly, to deliver in like manner copies of the enrolments

and a figrned

Police, if no

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 36. [iym* people called Quakers) that the said copies are exacfc and trust copies of the respective originals; and every register keeper shall twice in every year afterwards (namely, in the month of Jowaj "and in the month of July of every subsequent year) carry stride her to the clerk of the peace, at the general quarter feffiofts of made in the the peace which tti a i 1 then be held for the county (riding or diyear! and also a copy of every enrolment that shall have been made id the

such'attetta'r register cf freeholders in his custody, in the half year inunctions as may diately preceding each such general quarter sessions respectifdy,

hath then*an c^cn an t*lcrc vcr>fy such copy or copies upon

wi u cm; oath (or affirmation) as aforesaid, and every copy aforeoud shall be made gratis; and ev$ry such register keeper shall at the same time also deliver unto speh clerk of thfc peace every attestation which shall have been left with such register keeper as aforesaid: and if no enrolment shall have been made in any register of freeholders as aforesaiil, since the last copy which shall have been been midc.* delivered to the clerk f r^c peace as aforesaid, then and in such case such register keeper shall deliver (or safely transmit, (ealed up) unto such clerk of the peace as aforesaid a notice, of the form specifiad in the schedule hereunto annexed, No. which notice shall be signed by such register keeper.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Clerk of the That every such clerk of the peace shall carefully keep allcqps peace to paste of enrolments received by him from any parish (or distrja) is

cnrolmentfiq nd ({t/br bet?' pfc"*nghcr^m.e).ft^11 a book; and the books, of the form spectned in the schedule hereunto his

any enrol nexed, No. 7, <0 be entitled with the name of such rdftsst

ments or at parish (or district) as aforesaid, and shall cause every such copy

wanting or ift0 pad in such book on the front of the leaf having the taa

he shall not progressive number as is contained in such respective enrolment;

have received and the said clerk of the peace shall carefully examine all the pro

any copy of gressive numbers of such copies, and all attentions by himrt

r.oti^illt, or ce, VC as aforesa^ and (upon such examination) it baljtp

aforesaid to Pear at any ch c0p7 wanting; or if ( from a comparifoo

of the said atreftations with the copies of the enrolments of persons

absentat the time of enrolment) rt hall appear that any such

attestation be wanting; or if such clerk of the peace (h|il not

have received from each and every register keeper either a copy

of some enrolment, or else a notice as aforesaid of no enrolment

having been made; then in each and every such case the kid

clerk of the peace shall give notice thercctf unto the register

+keeper herein before directed to deliver (or safely transmit) such respective paper to such clerk of the peace, and the said clerk of the peace shall repeat such notice as aforesaid as often as the case shall require it; and every clerk of the peace aforesaid shall and is hereby required carefully to preserve all such books as aforesaid,

be delivered anc ^ewife al' attentions and notices which shall or may have

to hiafuccef ^cen delivered to him, or to any of ins predecessors in office, in

for. pursuance of this act; and all such copies, books, attestations and

notices as aforesaid, shall be safely delivered to the fucccflorin

office of such clerk of th peace.

give notice thereof to the register keeper.

and he is to

preserve all

1788.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 36. 397

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Register

That every register keeper aforesaid shall, in the month of May wcpcr3jn one thousand seven hundred and ninety (and also in the month j^o^andfo of May in every following year! carefully examine all the enrol annually, to ments entered in the register of freeholders in his custody; carry the reis any nerson whose name is enrolled therein shall be then dead, and or shall have disposed of his freehold estate within such parish cn^ments of (or distvict), then and in either of the said cases such register such persons keeper shall, in the said month of May (or in the month of June as shall be hen next following), and he is hereby required to carry the said dead or *11 register to some justice of the peace for such county (riding or ofthdrfree^ division), and shall at the same time carry to such justice a true holds, to a copy of the enrolment of every person who shall be dead, or who, just!ce(who shall have disposed of his freehold as aforesaid; and such justice 1* to fill up the (upon the application of the said register keeper) shall, and is menu>ranthe hereby required to fill up the blanks in the memorandum at the duma), and end of such original enrolment in the register, and to fill up the to deliver the blanks in the memorandum at the end of the said copy, and to copies to the sign his name at the end of each such memorandum; and the clerk of the ud register keeper shall, in the month of July then next follow ^arte'/fef 6 ing, carry and deliver such copy to the clerk of the peace at the Hows in July, general quarter sessions of the peace which shall then be held for Clerk of the the said county (riding or division); and the said clerk of the peace to paste peace is hereby required carefully to keep such copy, and (for the copies in the better preserving the same) shall cause such copy to be pasted book^oittbe in the proper book, and on the back of the leaf having the same back of the progreuive number as is contained in such enrolment; but no leaves having clerk of the peace, or register keeper, shall (trike out or erase l^efaa?^eum" any such enrolment as aforesaid, but the same shall continue and enrolment. Hand upon the register. No enrolment

XIX. And whereas relit charges or annuities issuing out of free to be erased. hold lands or tenements, and granted for a life or livesy or greater

iftatiy as likewise leases, are of a private nature, and therefore liable to fraudulent pr a flues in the elections of knights of the Shire: be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if The votes of any person shall have voted at any election as aforesaid for or in perfm8 en respect of any such relit charge or annuity as aforesaid, such vote charge shall not be valid, unless the directions of an act shall have been annuities, complied with, that was made and pasted in the third year of the not to be va reign of his present majesty King George the Third, entitled, jjd> L cf t!lc An act to prevent fraudulent and occasional votes in the elections^knights of the hire, and of members for cities and towns which are be complied*counties of themselves, so jar as relates to the right of voting by virtue with, and a of an annuity or relit charge; and that if any person shall have memorial of voted at any election as aforesaid in respect or by virtue of any Entered with, leaf*granted for a life or lives, or joint lives, or a greater estate the clerk of of any freehold lands or tenements, such vote shall not be valid, the peace b.c. unless a memorial of such lease shall have been enrolled with the the c. clerk of the peace before the first day of such election, which me hctdvt morial shall contain the date of the lease, the parties thereto, the par: ie lands or tenements demised thereby, and the Habendum thereof, the lamb, and

Ddi atlhchabtn*

T dun.

39*

Clerks of the

peace, by April 5, 1789, to rrovide book for enrolling stich memorials.

The sheriff to provide for each dittrid a book for taking the poll.

Freeholder to vote at the poll book of the district in which he i enrolled.

From July 10, 1790, filer itts are to receive the vote of every person tendering it at the proper poll book, and making the requisite declaration, C

Persont authorised to take the poll, to administer declaration.

Sheriff tode darethenupa ber of votes given for each candidate, and, if within one hour afterwards, ten freeholders demand a fqrytiny, tq

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 36, [i

at full length; and every clerk of the peaceaforesaid shall, before the said fifth day of April one thousand fetor and eighty nine, provide proper books of blank paper enrolling of every such memorial, and shall be paid at of one penny (and no more) for every thirty words coi such memorial, and shall enrol such memorial as soon be after requisition made to him for that purpose.

XX. And, for the more easy detrition of fraudulent ehfiiom of any knight or knights of the Shire to fcrvt in any county aforesaid, be it further enacted by the aittitorkyi said. That, at every such election, the sheriff of the for the taking of the poll, provide, or cause to be pri each parish (or distria) as aforesaid within such county, rate book (or separate paper), or separate books (or papers), of the form specified in the schedule hereunto No. 6; and at every such eleaion every freeholder Audi vote at some poll book (or paper) provided for the pnm distria) as aforesaid, in the regiftfcr of freeholders for freeholder shall, have been enrolled as aforesaid; and poll shall be taken down in the forta and manner spedfed laid schedule, ai. 6.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority That, from and after the said tenth day of July one seven hundred and ninety, no (herilf, or other person by law be authorised to take the poll at any such ' aforesaid, shall have any judicial power or authority to determine the right of voting of any perforv who shall his vote at such ele&iont but every such sheriff, or other authorised to take the poll at aofy such eleaion as afbfend,: from and after the said last mentioned day, ad merely tni ally in the taking of such. poll, that is to say, he mall hereby required to receive the vote of every person who shall his vote at the proper poll book (or paper) as aforesaid, shall make such respective declarations as are above be made at such county eleaion, and who shall also takfc such respective oath or oaths as shall by any act or acts of] liament then in force be direaed to be administered at tnyi election; and every person who shall by law be authi take or to assist in taking the poll at any such eleaion as said, is hereby empowered and required to administer 're'speaive declarations.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the authority Thar, alter the said tenth day of July one thousand (cm dred and ninety, no scrutiny shall be granted or had atanjfcfc eleaion as aforesaid, except for the sole purpose hcreumw1 mentioned; and at every such eleaion the sheriff of the cowfr* (hql!, without delay, cast up, and cause to be publicklydecwf the number of votes given for each candidate at such defttoty id if within one hour after the said numbers ihahhavelma* declared, aierptiny shall be demanded by any candidate, orlf ?njh*t4 frkfeol&r* erf the county, ip writing, uadataertwr

n 1

1788.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. 361 299

fund or hands, alleging that persons had voted at the election, to proceed who had neglected to comply with one or more of the directions thereinon th ofthia ad, then, and in such case, the said sheriff shall grant ^cftit be^such farutiny, and shall proceed therein on the day following, Sunday, C unless such day shall be a Sundayr, a Good friday, or a christmas day, or a day set apart by authority for general falling or thanksgiving, (and if a Sunday, a Good friday, or a christmas day, or a day set apart as aforesaid, then on the following day); and the Clerk of the clerk of the peace for the county (or the clerks of the peace for {** the ridings or divisions within the same) shall attend the llieriff thcfctusny, oil every day of the said fcrutipy (and at or before the hour of with copies of eight in the forenoon of each such day); and shall tarry with enrolments, him or them all copies of enrolments which he or they is or are by this act directed to keep, and also all books wherein memo rialsof leases (halt have been enrolled as aforesaid, and likewise all books of entries of certificates and memorials, kept by such clerk or clerks of the peace in pursuance of the abovementioned act made and passed in the third year of the reign of his present majesty King George the Thiidj and if upon such scrutiny it Sheriff, on Hull appear to the said sheriff that any person shall have voted fcniriny, to without having been enrolled in pursuance of this act, or shall tefm

have voted in virtue of a lease without a memorial of such lease fonswbohave having been enrolled with the proper clerk of the peace as afore not been cn said, or shall have voted for or in respect of any relit charge or rolied, etc. annuity ifming out of freehold lands or tenements without hav to

ing complied with the directions contained in the above mentioned ad, made and passed in the third year of the reign of his present majesty King George the Third, then, and in every such cafe/the said sheriff shall reject the said vote, and shall, upon but not to the original poll book, and opposite to the name of such voter, crafe the cn write the word, "rejeftedf but shall not (trike out or erase the try of the entiy of such vote in the said poll book. tote

XXIII. And whereas it would be expedient that every register of freeholders which Ball be kept in pursuance of this act for any parish (or district) as aforesaid, Should, at all seasonable times, be accessible to every freeholder as aforesaid, who may apply to have his name enrolled in such register of freeholders; be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every such register of freeholders Registerto rental! always remain in the custody of the person who shall act as main with the the register keeper for such parish (or district) for the time being, and not upon any occasion or under any pretence whatever (except as herein after excepted) be carried to any distance from such parish (or district); and every copy of any enrolment or Copy of en enrolments in any such original register of freeholders as afore rolments in said which shall be proved upon oath to be a true and correct register to be copy, by any person who shall have carefully examined the same,

shall be deemed legal evidence of such enrolment or enrolments; anctalfo copy and; if in any case no such copy, examined with the original kept by the register of freeholders, and proved upon oath to be a true clerk of the and correct copy as aforesaid, shall (uy any witness who shall care fr"h7he futtyirave examined the same) be produced, then and in such register?s not

cate produced.

400

Register may

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. i

case (lie copy of any enrolment or enrolments which (halifc clerk of the peace be kept in pursuance of this at shallfecj ed legal evidence of any such enrolment or enrolment: ed always. That nothing herein contained shall' '

ice" or to 000 ft rued to extend, to prohibit the carrying of any i

theaffizci.

Rfgifters, etc, may he in speded on paying, is.

gifter of freeholders to any justice of the peace for (riding or division) in the particular cases above fp

Srohibit the producing of any such register at any; eld for the respective county to which such register I

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority \ That it shall and may be lawful for any person, at all^times, to resort to, and inspect any register of freeh any attestation or attestations, which shall be kept by i ter keeper aforesaid j or any book or books of copies L merits, or any attestation or attestations aforesaid, on or books of enrolments of memorials of leases, kept by any clerk of the peace in pursuance of this j person, previous to any such inspection, paying to fi keeper, or to such clerk of the peace respectivel)i, one shilling for each inspection of every such regiftfe| or attestation.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the authority*Register^That every register keeper shall and is hereby requiq

livercopies of liver a true and cxa& Copy or of any enrolment enrolments, ments, or of any attestation or attestations in his custo or attesta any person or persons who shall demand the Came; iron. clerk of the pcacc aforesaid is hereby required to deli?

Ceace to de an{*exa<^ Copy or C0P*CS afly attestation, or of any atl liverccopics of r f any enrolment or enrolments of freeholders, or attestations, rials of leases, in his custody as aforesaid, unto any j enrolments, persons who shall demand the same; and every such j r, of livered by any such register keeper, or by any suchi

na s o ea ei. pcacc respc(5tively, shall be signed by the register ke< the clerk of the peace delivering the same; and such'i be delivered within a rehsonable time after the same Feeforcopie*. been demanded; and such register keeper, or clerk ofi respectively, shall be paid for every such copy (at same shall be demanded) at and after the rate of two jp every such copy of any freeholder's enrolment, and at t one penny for every thirty words in any such attestatioa ( morial of a lease; and all copies of enrolments shall bp J

Copies of all

enrolments to upon the blank forms of enrolments on single halfjhectm the biank, f>on t, once in this (or otherwise; provided always that \*

forms.

copies be in the form of the original enrolment.)

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority That every register keeper aforesaid shall, and he is quired to take care to be at all times provided with cierx oi me number f blank forms of enrolments aforesaid; and; i peacewheirihe iimc heh*h have but few such left, or if any register gf wants blank holders*for any parish (or d; strict) as aforesaid ihaubeouffl forma, etc. damaged or if such register shall be nearly filled with

Register. keeper to apply to the clerk of the

ml

1788.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. $6. 40j

naents, then and in any such case the fegifter keeper shall and is and the clerk hereby required to request the clerk of the peace for the county i^nss^ priding or division) to provide him with such blank forms, or them^u With a new register (as the case may require); and such clerk of application, the peace, upon receiving any such application, shall and is here required forthwith to deliver, or safely transmit to such re giftrr^keeper, a sufficient number of such blank forms, or a new ffegifter as aforesaid; and every such new register shall be made piftbe form and in the manner aforesaid; and in every such new.

lister shall be contained a copy of this act, printed by the pc^e sag's printer as above directed: and every such clerk of the caretobepro^ace hall and is hereby required to take care to be at ail times vided whn provided with a sufficient number of the said blank forms, and blank form j yrith a sufficient number of such new registers as aforesaid. an rcslftcri*,

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

hat (in order to ascertain the number of districts which shall be Clerk of the deemed parities, within the true intent and meaning of this act) jfou8top0&o ike clerk of the peace for every county (riding or division) afore r, to fiid, shall, previous to the month of October one thousand seven make out a Susndred and eighty eight, make out a full, exact, accurate, and lift /yt Complete list, which shall contain every district within such re*

epunty (riding or division), whether parish, township,

Quarter, hamlet, parochial chapelry, constablewick, or other, for which a separate and distinct collector, or joint collectors of tie land tax is or are now appointed; and every receiver-general Receiver ge of the land tax within any county aforesaid, shall and is hereby tct

fequired to give his utmost assistance in the making out or per meeting the said list, on being duly required so to do by any such ingit out. fleck of the peace; and every such clerk of the peace shall pro Clerk of the duce such list to the justices of the peace at the general quarter peace to pro jelfions of the peace which shall be held for such county (riding ^ctbe^r or division in the said month of October one thousand seven hun felons in the dred and eighty eight, and shall then and there declare upon said mouth of oath before the said justices, (or upon solemn affirmation, if he October, and shall be one of the people called Quakers) that the said list is, to iton the bed of his knowledge, information, and belief, a true list of oa*the several districts within such county (riding or division), for which a separate and distinct collector, or separate and distinct Justicestofigu collectors of the land tax is or are then appointed, and the said which

justices shall then lign such list, and the same shall be care amongst the fully preserved amongst the records of such county; and an exact county re copy of such list shall be made by the said clerk of the peace, cords, and ?q! shall (within one calendar month) be by him delivered unto C crk of she sheriff of such county; and the said clerk of the peace shall, {^vcopt on or before the twenty-fourth dy of the said month of October to the sheriff one thousand seven hundred and eighty eight, require the (ting's within a printer in London to provide and to send to him anumber of registers that shall be.equal to the number of districts contained in the list aforesaid, and also one additional register for every ten the King's districts contained in the said list (in order to supply the register printertofend peepers wish new registers in thee^fcs herein beioyc mentioned);

and

registers, etc.

402 Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c.: 3$.

Clerk of the and every clerk of the peace shall afterwards from time to L

ta milr^ _ t - _ V*/* __________ tt - - -'

Justices may amend lists.

peace to make app]y to^King's printer for such number of new pi^ofthelift (mac*c n manner aforesaid) as occasion may requiit; and kray aforesaid, on clerk of the peace shall make an attested copy of the list afion* being paid id. said for arty person who shall demand the same, such pehm for jo words, paying for such copy (at the time the same shall bedemanatf at the rate of one penny for every thirty words contained in ftp list; and if any parish (or district) shall be omitted ill die pfe ginal list aforesaid, it shall and may be (awful for the joftfahl of the peace, at any general quarter sessions of the peace for ddhcavhe tounty (riding or division), upon such'fad being proved"fa clerk of the them upon oath, and they are hereby required to caofe Mh peace to send list to be amended, by inserting therein the name of*regift^to ri (of district); and the said justices shall order the clerk of omittedin the Peace to fcn<* a register as aforesaid to the person btertbp* list; thorised to act as regiffer keeper for such parish (or distrf6t)*'>*

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority nfom Deputy to the said, That all the matters and things by this act required to In clerk of the done or performed by any clerk of the peace aforesaid, maf Srhim.17^ a be kpny done and performed by the lawful deputy

such clerk of the peace; and in case of the illnefe or absence of any such clerk of the peace, the lawful deputy of fetch clerk of the peace is hereby required to act as clerk of the pa with respect to all matters and things by this act directed tft be done.*'

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority afew# Expenses in said. That all such necessary expenses as mall or may be inew*

pjin. red by the Xing's printer as aforesaid, or by any such clerk of ter" or clerk the peace as aforesaid, in or by the carrying of this at int of the peace, execution, shall be born and defrayed by such respectwi*to be paid out county out of the county rate, as also all other reafemablt Of the comity charges which shall be made by any such clerk of the peace, on

Clerk of the peace's expenses to be settled at the quarter fef fioiis, C

account of the trouble which he shall or may have had in the carrying of this act into execution, and the amount of fock expenses and charges of any such clerk of the peace shall be settled and allowed by the justices at any general quarter sessions of the peace; and in such of the counties aforesaid, in which there are or may be separate and distinct rates for different ridings, or other divisions of such counties respectively, the said expenses or charges shall be born and defrayed out of such respective rates, in such respective shares and proportions as such respective ridings, or other divisions of such county, shall then pay (or shall then last have paid) towards the land tax of such county.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the authority afofefiud, From Jul? 10, That, from and after the said tenth day of July one thousand turning offi fevert hundred and ninety, the oath commonly called The re cer'g oath not turning officer's oath, prescribed by an act made and passed m obeadmini the second year of his late majesty King George the Second, ftered/ intituled An act for the more effectual preventing bribery and corruption in the eleflim of members tofervt in parliament, shall not be

1788.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 36. 403.

administered at any election of any knight or knights of the (him to serve in parliament for any county aforesaid.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

Tint, from and after the said tenth day of one thou the'*" and feveo hundred and ninety, the oath commonly called The boden 0116 freeholders oath, prefcxibed by an act made and passed in the eighteenth year of his late majesty King George the Second, entitled, Anto explainand mend the laws touching the

of knights of the flirt to fervo in parliament for that tart of Great Britain called England, fhsdl not be administerea at any election of any knight or knights of the Shire to serve in parliament for any county aforesaid.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said tenth day of July one thousand and so Geo. j. seven hundred and ninety, the ad ritade and passed in the jj f" twentieth year of his present majesty King the Third, eieaidri of

entitled, An CL to remove certain difficulties relative to voters at member of county elections, shall be and is hereby repealed, as far as the parliament, to hid ad relates to the election of any member or members to be

serve in parliament.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said tenth day of July one thou a*alfoi8geo. sand seven hundred and ninety, all such parts of the above ^slate/to* mentioned act, made and passed in the eighteenth year of his tabling per late majesty King George the Second (and all such parts of any fons from vot other act or acts of parliament) as do disable any person to vote ing for mef atany election of any knight or knights of the Shire to serve ave*not beca in parliament for any county aforesaid, in respect, or in right, tofc

of any messuages, lands, or tenements which shall not have ward the been charged, or assessed towards a bad tax, shall be, and the land tax. same are hereby repealed.;

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That where any woman, the widow of any person who Second huf was tenant in fee or in tail, Shall( be entitled to dower, or band may thuds, by the common-law, out of the freehold estate of v?tfli? which her husband died seized or possessed, and shall intermarry dower, 'tlio*6 with a second husband, such second husband shall not be pre not set'out by eluded from voting in respect of such dower or thirds (if such bound, dower or thirds shall be of the clear yearly value of forty Shillings as aforesaid), by reason that the same shall not have been

assigned or set out by metes or bounds: provided always, that fp$h second husband shall pursue, as aforesaid, the directions of this act.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person, making any declaration, or taking persons mak anyoath or, affirmation, by. this act authorised or required to ng.orfub bp undertaken, shall thereby be guilty of wilfully making a folnake, a6" falfit declaration, or shall commit wilful perjury, or be guilty fife declara of, lalfe affirmation, or if any pprfon shall unlawfully procure tfoq, to for or kbornajty person to make any such declaration, or to take feit j001, cc any oath 9r affirmation, by this act authorised or required to he

k. y made

Persona destroying re gifteri, ice. or altering them, C to be transported.

How forfeitures may be recovered.

Limitation of adiona.

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 3^. [if

made or taken, whereby such person shall be guilty of I a false declaration, or mall commit wilful perjury, or I of false affirmation, every such person, upon being coov indidmerrs, of making such false declaration, or of f or procuring any person to make such false decurattom forfeit a sum, not exceeding five hundred pounds, mti also be Imprisoned for: any time, not less than one 3 not exceeding three years; or, upon being eonvidci didment, of committing wilful perjury, or fiibornttioiw jury, or of making false affirmation, or of suborning = any person to make false affirmation, dial) in suffer the like pains and penalties as are by law inflideil persons committing wilful and corrupt perjury, or fair of perjury.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the aut

said, That if any person, from and after the passinguft shall wilfully and maliciously destroy, orcaufeorpr destroyed, or shall aid or assist in destroying, any freeholders, or ahy book of copies of enrolments, or 1 of enrolments of memorials of leases, or any attestation^' register, of book, or attestation, shall be kept in ptirfiii this act; or shall wilfully and maliciously erase, orfclmfli or cause or procure to be erased or falsely altered, the any part of ally enrolment, or copy of enrolment, tn i register, or in any such book, or any arteftatiod ttfordaati shall wilfully and maliciously insert, or cause or prdeuirf inserted, in any such register, or in any such book n(' said, any counterfeit or fiditious enrolment, or copy of < mens; or shall wilfully and maliciously make, or cadet cure to be made, any forged, counterfeit, or fiditious or book, or enrolment, or copy of enrolment, or aforesaid; or shall forge or counterfeit the name of any which shall or may, in pursuance of this act, be signed to enrolment, or copy of enrolment, br attestation or jurat'said; every person so offending, and being thereof la convicted, shall be deemed and adjudged to be guilty of a demeanour, and shall be punished by transportation for term not exceeding seven years, at the discretion of thee before whom such offender mall be convicted' '

And be it further enacted by the authority afal said. That all forfeitures aforesaid, by this act to be inctm{ shall and may (except in the cases hereinbefore otherwiseprjs vided for) be sued for and recovered by action of debt, plaint, or information, in any of his majesty's courts of ft cord at Westminsur, wherein no essoin, protection, wager law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed; mil every such action the party against whom judgement (Ml M given (whether plaintiff or defendant) shall pay the full ttflfrjf suit; and every such action or prosecution as aforesaid Ait and may be brought or commenced at any time within thfrf years after the offence committed, but not afterwards;

i7$8.] aiwfrvicesimo octavo g&dkgli III C 36.

the person against whom any such action or prosecution (had bepersoniprofe brd^ght o commenced shall be legally served, within the*"j*d*!j? tinde aforesaid, with the writ or process by which such action or

prdfcctrtion Anil be intended to be commenced, nnlefi the service of such writ or process shall have been prevented by such person's absconding or withdrawing out of this kingdom; and every action or prosecution which shall be brought or commenced as aforesaid shall be carried on without wilful delay,

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted and declared' by the

atahoriry aforesaid, That if any petition shall be presented ro If petitions to the hoofe of commons, in which complaint shall be made that commons any member or members returned to serve in parliament had p|aj" 0fc^' been voted for by persons who had neglected to comply with due ele&iont, one or more of the directions of this act, such petirioh shall be they 0*11 be deemed and taken as a petition against the return only j unless deemed pen in fitch petition complaint shall also be made of an undue return*only.

XXXIX. And whereas it is expedient ta prevent doubts relative t6tbe rights of voters at eottnty eleshns } be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no person shall be Ifo person to deemed to Incur any penalty for having caused his name to be incur any pe enrolled in any register of freeholders aforesaid, or for voting at "^ghisname arty such election as aforesaid, or (half be liable to have his vote tobeenrolied, dihtfowed. by any foledt committee of the house of commons, C if he he for or tonne decount of any want of, or defied! in title to the estate receipt in respect of which he Anil have caused his name to be enrolled, or in respect of which he shall have voted: provided always, bold, etc. that such person shall be (by himself or others) in the actual possession or receipt of the rents or profits of the same for his own use, and shall not hold such estate by copy of court roll, or at will, or at sufferance, or for any term or terms of years, or by or in virtue 6( any grant or lease not being for any life, or for any lives, or for any joint lives, or for a greater eaate.

XL. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if arty freehold lands or tenements shall have been let or Persons en

demised, for any life, or for any lives, or for any joint lives, at tit, 'd L

a relit xeferved and payable for and in respect of the same, any jj'^ifed for

person who shall be entitled to receive such relit to his own use, lives to have

shall have a right to be enrolled as aforesaid, and to vote at any a right to be

such election as aforesaid for such lands or tenements, in like enrolled, etc.

mahher, to all intents and purposes, as if the same had only been

let or demised for a term of years: provided always, That the

rent so accruing to such person shall be of the clear yearly value of forty Shillings, within the true intent and meaning of this act.

XLI. And whereas every freeholder being above the age of twenty-one years, who shall have, within the hundreds or of

Highworth, Cricklade, Staple, Kingsbridge, and Malmibury, or one or more of them, in the county of Wilts, a freehold of the

dear yearly value of forty billings, and being duly qualified to vote L tltliions of knights of the hire for the said county of Wilts, by

1 law

40$ Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 36.

[1788.!

law entitled to give his vote at every election of a or to same in parliament for the borough of Cricklade, in the seed county of Wilts; be it therefore further enacted and declared From July 10, by the authority aforesaid, That, after the said tenth day of790, no per yu one thousand seven hundred and ninety, no such tree right to rote bolder as aforesaid shall have a right to vote (as such) at any for a burgess election of a burgess or burgesses to serve in parliament for the for Cricklade, laid borough of Cricklade, unless he shall, in pursuance of this wh rfi In a have qualified himself to vote at elections of knights of the voteforwilts. ftire. to serve in parliament for the said county of fpilts, fir and in respect of a freehold estate lying in or issuing out of one Retaining of or more of the said hundreds or divisions; and at every election of any burgess or burgesses to serve in parliament for the said act as Sheriffs borough of Cricklade, the returning officer of the said borough for counties shall, with respea to the vole of every person claiming to vote under this by virtue of any such freehold estate, aft merely ministerially, etc. and in the same manner as the sheriff of any county aforesaid is by this act directed to a at the elc&ion of any knight or knights of the Shire to serve in parliament for such county; and instead of the oath now by law directed to be administered at the election of any burgels or burgesses to serve in parliament for the said borough, the returning officer of the said borough shall and is hereby reqaired to administer, or to cause to be administered, to every person claiming to vote at any such election by virtue of any such freehold estate, the respective declarations aforesaid in the respective cases above specified,

N 1.

SCHEDULE

Referred to by this specifying the form of the

"REGISTERS of FREEHOLDERS" for

in the county of

freeholder's christian name and surname 

addition, prosession, or trade -

freeholder's usual place ofubode, and if in a town,

naming the street -

estate (that is) whether it be "Lands " or "Messuage" [naming some occupier of the lands or message] or "Tithes" " "Office of"

[naming such office] or "Rent Charge "

If freeholder be present at the time of enrolment, i write the word "Present" " absent, write

"Absent -

enrolment is N and was made on the day of one thousand

hundred and ( Witness my hand,

register keeper.

Memo

by

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 36.

Memorandum.  This day of

one thousand hundred and I

one of the justices of the peace for do certify. That who alls as register keeper

for the abovementioned distrhft, personally appeared this day before me, and informed me, that (to the bell of his knowledge, ihf6frmarion, and belief) the person whose name is enrolled' ifi the above enrollment

/ A t y<m

hat disposed of his estate in the said distridh Witness

my hand

j

Justice.

Ms dead.

Witness 7 my hand, 5

Justice.

Nor roi the Printer, respecting the * Register of Freeholders."

F VERY page of each register of freeholders mud bepf the abofo form, and made of large and durable paper; and each regiftar mutt ha*6' a substantial binding; and there must be five, hundred pages of the above form in each register; and every such register most eontain a copy of this act orf durable paper, of the same as the said pages, and primed in the Roman letter, or

id the Roman and Itaikk. Each of the five hundred pages aforesaid must haw a progressive number printed in large figures (after the N in the above schedule); and particular care must be taken, that in each and every such register all the said numbers be in progseflive order.,

Note for the Printer, respecting the "Blank -: Forms of Enrolments."

THE blank forms of enrolments, on Angle half (heets* (mentioned in this act), must be of the exact form of the above schedule, and printed on one side only of the said half (heets; and the number (after the N) must be left blank j and the said hft mentioned blank forms must be made of i liie to correspond with the books which are mentioned in this at, and which are particularly described in the following schedule, N 7.

N 2.

SCHEDULE

Rtftrrtd to by this ail, sating tbtof "RECEIPT.'*

4< T A.B. the register keeper for in the county

X of do hereby acknowledge to.have received

" from) C D. the clerk of the peace for a register "

"enrolling freeholders, in which register is contained a "printed copy of an act, intituled An act for tbt ftiuring

408 Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 36. [1788.

u the rights of perform qualified to vote at county elections, made and

C passed in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his Majesty

4t King George the Third; and I do hereby acknowledge to

C have also received from the said clerk of the peace

" [Specifying the number of J 44 blank forms of enrolments,

and " [Specifying the number of] 44 notices

to be distributed by me; and also a charge in what manner

44 I am to execute the said a St. Witness my hand, this

<( day of one thousand seven hundred and

C

44 A.B."

n.

SCHEDULE

Referred to by this act, sating the form of the "ATTESTATION."

44 T Request to be enrolled in the register of freeholders for 44 X in the county of and I do

solemnly swear" [or being one of the people called quakers, "Ido solemnly affirm " J 44 That my name is A.B. and that I am

" [Specifying the addition, profession, or trade

of such person] 44 and that the usual place of my abode is at 44' [and if it be in a town confifiing of more Jhreets then

one, then Specifying in what street] 44 in the county of and that really and trqly have in the said parish or district" [or, 44 in the said parish or district, and in " Specify

tng in what other parish or difirift, if the case shall so be, 44 in the said county" ] "an estate of the clear yearly value of forty Shillings, over and above the interest of any money secured by mortgage upon the said estate, and also over and above all rents and outgoings payable out of or in respect of the said estate, other than parliamentary, public, or parochial taxes, and that the said estate congfts of " [Specifying

whether the same consist of lands, or of message, or of tithes, or of Oft office, or of a relit charge; and if the said estate consists of lands, or of message, or of both, then naming some occupier of such lands or message \ if the said estate consist of an office, then naming the fame] 44 and that I am, by myself or others, in the actual possession or receipt of the rents or profits of the said estate, for my own use; and that, to the best of my knowledge and belief, I have in my said estate a Freehold. Witness my hand, this day of one thousand hundred and

44 A.B."

44 The said oath" V 44 affirmation] was taken j 44 and subscribed, on the day and year afore / 44 said, before me, C D. one of the justices r Um 44 of the peace for the county of J

Nm

409

1788.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 3

N 4.

SCHEDULE

Referred to by this hit, bating the form of the "OATH" to be

written (or printed) at the end of the N 3, in certain

tafts mentioned in the faii ait.

T Do solemnly swear" " being one of the people called X Makers, "I do foletnnly affirm" ] "That my name is

"E. r. and that lam [specifying the addition,

prose/jion, or trade of such person "that the usual place of my "abode is at " [and if it be in a town consisting of

merestreets than one, specifying in what street] "in the county oif "and that the above attestation does, to the bell

"of my knowledge and belief, come from A.B. the person <( therein mentioned. Witness my hand, this day of

"one thousand hundred and

E. F."

"The said oath" [or "affirmation] was taken "and subscribed, on the day and year afore "

"before me, G. H. one of the justicea "of the peace for the county of

K 5.

SCHEDULE

Referred to by this sating that form of the 44 NOTICE

I A.B. the register keeper of the register of freeholders for 44 X in the county of do

hereby give notice to the clerk of the peace for the said county,

that the progressive number of the last enrolment entered in the said register of freeholders is " {specifying

the said number] 44 and that the day of

one thousand hundred and is the date of the said last enrolment. Witness my hand, this day of one thousand hundred and

"AB."

Eea

6.

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 36. [lytt

SCHEDULE Rtftrrtd to by this act, sating tbt form of th "POLL BOOKS.

Parish

or. r

distna 3

of

in the county of

y

Name of freebolder*.

Their addition!, prosessions, or trades. Theirusual places of abode. What the freeholds consist of, and where situate. (If lands, or messuage, or both, namefome occupier of t hefapte.) If enrolled less than i months, write "Ih death rf' or "By promotion to M or "By marriage with n If freehold consist of a lease, date date and parties. Candidates.

A.B. CD le. C

0

o

1788.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 36.

N 7.

SCHEDULE

Referred to by this afi> sating the form of the bool of CC COPIES of ENROLMENTS." [which bool is to be kept by the clerl of the peace,]

The copy of enrolment, N must be parted upon this page.

[Note to the king's primer. each of the said books must be of the lame size as the registers of freeholders aforesaid 5 must have a substantial binding; must have five hundred leaves, as here specified; must be so bound as to receive two more leaves between every two opposite pages. The front of each of the said five hundred leaves must be of the above form. There must be printed (after every N) a progressive number; and particular care must be taken that in each and every such book all the said numbers be in progressive order; and the same progressive number must be printed upon the back as upon the front of each respective leaf; and the back of each of the said five hundred leaves must be of the following form; videlicet; ]

The copy of enrolment, N must be pasted upon this page, provided any justice shall have signed the memorandum at the end of the said copy, stating either that the freeholder #< has M disposed of his efiatef or that he "is dead"

N 8.

SCHEDULE

Rtf erred to by this act, stating the form of the "CHARGE" to be delivered by the clerls of the peace to the register leepers.

to^the register keeper for in the county of

BY virtue and in pursuance of an act of parliament, made and passed in the twenty eighth year of the reign of his majesty King George the Third, intituled An act for the better secur* ini lb rights of persons qualified to vote at county elections, (a copy of which alt is contained in the register sent you herewith), I do hereby charge you, 

That, (sometime in the month of April one thousand seven hundred and eighty nine) you leave, or cause to be left, at the usual place of abode of every freeholder redding within your dif trits, one of the printed notices sent you herewith, and that you do subscribe your name, and your place of abode, to every such notice before you leave the same.

And also, that [on some one or more of the Sundays in the said month of April one thousand seven hundred and eighty nine,) you affix, or cause to be assisted, one of the said printed notices (subscribed by you as aforesaid) on the principal door of

X

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 36. [1788.

the church or chapel (if any such there be) within your district, before the usual hour of morning service, or if there be no morning service, then immediately before the usual hour of erecting service.

And I also charge you, that when any person shall apply to you to make any enrolment in the said register, you do inform him, "That if any person shall (either by personal application, 44 or by attestation) cause his name to be enrolled therein, with out such person adtualty having, at the time of such enrol ment, a freehold, or if such estate shall not (at such time) C be of the dear yearly value of forty Shillings, over and above "the interest of any money secured by mongage upon the said (* and also over and above all rents and outgoings payable out of, or in respect of the said estate, other than par "public, or parochial taxes; or if the whole, 44 or some part of the said estate, shall not lie in the parish (or 44 district) in the register of freeholders for which such person shall have caused his name to be enrolled, orifloeout ot lands or tenements within such pariftt (or district); or if such per 44 (on (at the time of the making of such enrolment) shall not be by himself, or others, in the actual possession or receipt of the rents or profits of such estate for such person's own use; 44 or if any person who shall cause his name to be enrolled in any such register of freeholders shall be possessed of no freehold estate, but of such as shall have been granted to him fraudulently, lently, or in which his interest shall be nominal or fictitious, 44 or shall, upon personal application to be enrolled, mif state any of the particulars directed by this atto be specified in his enrolment; every person who shall be found guilty of any of the said offences, shall forfeit the sum of twenty pounds; and that no freeholder, under the age of eighteen years, has a 44 right to cause his name to be enrolled in the said register'

And also that you do enrol (or in your presence cause to be enrolled) the name of every person who shall (by personal application, or by attestation, and at your dwelling house, on any day, and at a seasonable hour) request to be enrolled in the said register, without your taking upon yourself to decide upon the right of any such person to be enrolled; but you are not compellable to make any such enrolment before the sixth day of April one thousand seven hundred and eighty nine, or on a Sunday, a Good Friday, or a christmas day, or on any day set apart by authority for general fasting or thanksgiving.

And also that you do carefully make every enrolment according to the manner set forth in the blank forms in the said register; and that you date and sign every such enrolment; and that you make every such enrolment "gratis"

And also that you permit every person applying to you to make any enrolment as aforesaid to be present, and to examine whether the same be correchy entered in the register, and to see that you llgn (iich enrolment forthwith.

And also that if any person shall by audiattaft w 7*

s?89.) Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. g5.

to be enrolled, you are to demand the said attention to be left with you; and you are to deliver "gratis unto every person who shall produce to you any such attention, a copy of the enrolment which you shall make in consequence thereof, provided the said copy be demanded on the day on which stich attestation shall be so produced to you.

And I alto charge you that you be ready at your dwelling house, on the first Monday in May one thousand seven hundred and eighty nine (between the hours of nine in the forenoon and of three in the afternoon) in order to make enrolments.

And also that if any freeholder redding within your district shall have neglected to come to you to be enrolled, on or before the said first Monday in May one thousand seven hundred and eighty nine, you do, before the first day of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty nine, deliver or eause to be safely delivered to every such freeholder a printed or written summons, in the following words, videlicet: "By an act of parliament "made and paised in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his Majesty King George the Third, intituled An act for the bet "feeuring the rights of per font qualified to vote at county elections u it is enacted, That it you have a freehold of the clear yearly " value of forty Shillings within my district, and if you shall not

eause your name to be enrolled in the register or freeholders 11 in my costody, before the second Thurjddy in the month of "June one thousand seven hundred and eighty nine; then, and in such case, you shall appear before me, at my dwelling "house, on the said day, and between the hours of nine in the forenoon and of three in the afternoon of the said day, in order then and there to eause your name to be enrolled; for "you will not be entitled to vote at any election of any knight or knights of the Shire to serve in parliament, in virtue of the said freehold, without having had your name enrolled in such register of freeholders, at least twelve calender months before the day on which you shall tender your vote at such election; " and that you do subscribe your name and your place of abode to every such summons before you leave the same; and that if any such summons shall have been so delivered as aforesaid, then you are to be ready at your dwelling house, on the second Thursday in June one thousand seven hundred and eighty nine between the hours of nine in the forenoon and of three in the afternoon) in order to make enrolments.

And I also charge you that, previous to the general quarter sessions of the peace which shall be held for the said county (riding or division) in July one thousand seven hundred and eighty nine, you make, or eause to be made (upon the blank forms of enrolments, printed on single half (heets, which you receive herewith), an exact and correct copy of every enrolment contained in the said register, and of the progressive number of every such enrolment; and that you do then carefully examine ercty such Copy with the corresponding Original enrolment in the said ttg\fter> and that you bring and deliver all futth copies to me (or

4*4

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 36. [ r 788.

to the then clerk of the peace), at the said general quarter sessions, and that you do then and there declare upon oath (or upon solemn affirmation, if a quaker), that the said copies are exact and true copies of the respective originals.

And also, that you do, in the months of January and July in every following year, bring and deliver to me (or to the then clerk of the peace), at the general quarter sessions of the peace which shall (in such respective months) be held for the said county (riding ordivision), a copy (as aforesaid) of every enrolment that shall have been made in the said register, in the half year immediately preceding such respective general quarter session, and that then and there you do verify the said copies upon oath (or upon solemn affirmation, if a quaker) to be true copies of the respective originals in the said register, and that you make all and every of the aforesaid copies gratis "

And also that at every such general quarter sessions aforesaid you deliver to me (or to the then clerk of the peace) all suchartef tations as shall have been left with you in the half year immediately preceding such respective general quarter sessions.

And also that if no enrolment shall have been made in the said register since the last copy which shall have been delivered to me (or to the then clerk of the peace) as Aforesaid, then and in such case you (h*ll deliver (or safely transmit sealed up) to me (or to the then clerk of the peace) at the said general quarter sessions, a notice in the following form; videlicet,

44 T the register keeper of the register of

44 X freeholders for in the county of

44 do hereby give notice to the clerk of the peace for the said

4c county, that the progressive number of the last enrolment entered in the said register of freeholders is*

[specifying the said number] 44 and that the day of

one thousand hundred and

44 is the date of the said last enrolment. Witness my hand,

this day of one thousand

hundred and s

Which notice must be signed by you.

And I do also charge you that you do, in May 1790, (and in the same month in every following year) carefully examine all the enrolments entered in the register in your custody; and if any person whose name is enrolled therein shall be then dead, or shall have disposed of his freehold estate within your district, then, and n either of the said cases, you are, in the said month of May (or in the month of June then next following) to carry the said register to some justice of the peace for the said county (riding.or division); and you are at the same time to carry to such justice a true copy or the enrolment of every person who shall be dead, or who shall have disposed of his freehold as aforesaid, in order that such justice (upon your application) may (in pursuance of the said act) fill up the blanks in the memorandum at the nd of such original enrolment in the register, and that

1788.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 37.

such justice may also fill up the blanks in the memorandum at the end of the aid copy, and that he may signhis name at the cad of each such memorandum; and you are, in the month of July then next following, to bring and deliver such copy to me (or to the then clerk of the peace) at the general quarter sessions of the peace which shall be held for the said county (riding or division).

And (by the said act) the said register is always to remain in the custody of the person who shall act as register keeper for the thne being, and the said register is not, upon any occasion, or under any pretence whatever, to he carried to any distance from your district, except when the said register shall be carried to any justice of the peace for the said county (riding or division) in the particular cases above specified, and except when you shall be duly required to produce the said register at any assizes to be held for the said county.

And I also charge you, that you permit all persons who shall, at seasonable times, request leave to inspect the said register, or any attestation in your custody, to inspect the same respectively, every such person first paying to you one shilling for every such inspection.

And also, that you deliver a true and exafl copy or copies of any enrolment or enrolments, or of any attestation or attestations, in your custody, unto all persons who shall demand the same respectively, every such person first paying to you twoj>ence for every such copy of an enrolment, and at the rate of one penny for every thirty words in any such attestation, and you are to subscribe your name to every such copy; and all copies of enrolments are to be made upon the blank forms of enrolments, on fingie half (beets, which you receive herewith (or otherwise; always, that the said copies be in the form of the original enrolment.)

And you are to take care to be at all times provided with a sufficient number of blank forms of enrolments on fingie half sheets; if at any time you shall have but few such blank forms left, or if the register in your custody shall be materially damaged, or if such register be nearly filled with enrolments, then and in any such case you are to apply to the clerk of the peace for the time being to provide you with more blank forms, or with a new register (as the case may require).

And you are carefully to preserve the said register, and the same (together with this charge) is to be safely delivered to your successor in office.

CAP. XXXVII.

An act for repealing the duties on buck or deer skins undrejjei, buck or deer skins Indian balfdrejfed, and elk skins undressed, imported, and on hides and Jktns dressed in oil in this kingdom, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof 5 for laying a duty on stuffs printed, painted, stained, or dyed in Great Britain; allowing deer and other skins the produce of Florida to be sold by

auction.

Good

4i6

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 37. [1788.

auttion, w /* charged on fitch /alts; sr omening

several laws relative to the revenue of excise; to prevent the

salt of facets for consumption in the houses of reutikrs thereof, who hall not bavt licences to sell betr or ale

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS, by an act made in the twenty seventh year of % 1 Geo. 3. the reign of his present Majesty, (entitled, An act for ee

C 13. recited, pealing the several duties of customs and excise, and granting other duties in lieu thereof, and for applying the said duties, together with the other duties composing the public revenue; for permitting the importation of certain goods, wares, sod merchandise, the produce or manufacture of the European dominions of the French king, into this kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed moneys, remaining in the exchequer for the payment of annuities on lives, to the reduction of the national debt), certain duties of customs are imposed for and in it fpi8 of buck or deer sans unarefftd, buck or deer sans Indian half dreffidi and elk sans undrejfedy imported into this kingdom, and certain drawbacks of customs are granted upon the exportation thereof 5 and certain duties of excise are also by the ad imposed for and in respect of bides and fans, and parts and pieces cf hides and fans, drejj'ed in oil in Great Britain: and whereat it is expedient to repeal the faii duties and drawbacks of cufitms % and also the duties of exetfe, and to impo/e other duties and grant other drawbacks in lieu thereof % be it therefore enacted by the king's mot excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in (his present and from July parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, d t*788tbhc man aler l^c day one t^ou^aac* kven hundred

by imposedt ad eighty eight, the said duties and drawbacks of customs, and the draw and also the said duties of excise, shall cease and determine, backs ahowed save and except in all cases relating to the recovering or paying ndbu(r dk, n any arrears hereof which may at that time remain unpaid, or 10 cease, 10 any ^ncs* Penalty or forfeiture, fine, penalties, or forfei9tures, relating thereto, which shall have been incurred at any time before or on the said fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty eight.

1 II And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, and in lieu of That, from and after the said fifth day of July one thousand the repealed seven hundred and eighty eight, in lieu and in stead of the said torntthefok duties f customs and excise respectively, there shall be raised, lowing to be levied, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his heifs and levied: successors, for and upon all buck or deer skins undressed, buck

or deer skins Indian half dressed, and elk skins undressed, which shall be imported into this kingdom, the following duties of Customs; that* to; fey.

For every For every buckor deer (kin undressed, and for every buck or ljn* deer (kin Indian half dressed, which shall be imported into this ^irac^i^invkingdom, a duty of customs of twopence; dressed, imported, ad.; For

1788.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 37* 417

rery elk llcin, which shall be imported into this king and foe every doty of customs of fourpence; the said duties of cut cut 5

0 be paid or secured by the importers of such skins re

ely before the landing thereof:

that there shall be also paid to his Majesty, his heirs, he repc*ied rcessors, for and upon all hides and skins, and pans and dutiei of ex of bides and skins, which shall be dressed in oil in Great cife, the fol

'J, ?b.c. Pa^th*vdreffm; hctcof respaive !evtdvn(wn. tfollowing duties of exctfc; that is to say, dressed in oil:

every pound weight avoirdupois of all buck, deer, and foreveryll>.

ns, which shall be dressed in oil in Great and so of back, etc.

portion for any greater or less quantity, one shilling: is.

every pound weight avoirdupois of all sheep and lamb for every lb.

which shall be dressed in oil in Great Britain, and foin of

rtion for any greater or less quantity, threepence; an'd>s'

every pound weight avoirdupois of all other hide? and fr every lb.

and parts and pieces of bides and skins, which shall be of all other

1 in oil in Great Britain, and foin proportion for any skins, 6d. for left quantity, sixpence!

be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, 171 thevoi t from and after the said fifth day of July one thousand lowing draw hundred and eighty eight, there shall be paid for and upon hacks to be les and skins, and parts and pieces of hides and skins, esrortation shall be dressed in oil in Great Britain, and exported as of hides, and andize to foreign parts, the following drawbacks t that duns dressed foin oil in Great Britain, viz.

r every pound weight avoirdupois of all buck or deer skins, For every lb. Ik skins, which shall be (b dressed in oil in Great Britain, of buck, etc. for which the duties hereby imposed in respect thereof*"' have been paid), whether manufactured and actually made pods or wares or not, and exported as merchandise (o so iparts, one shilling:

S every pound weight avoirdupois of all sheep and Iamb for rvery lb.

which shall be so dressed in oil in Great Britain, (and {rf<hleflfor duch the duties hereby imposed in respect thereof shall jreffed and been paid), which shall be manufactured and actually manufacture L into goods or wares, and exported as merchandise to fodi jd.;

(parts, threepence:

R every pound weight avoirdupois of all other hides and for every lb. it which shall be so dressed in oil in Great Britain, (and all other which the duties hereby imposed in respect thereof shall mdmamsfac t been paid), which shall be manufactured and actually "ured, fid.; '*into goods or wares, and exported as merchandise to so '

it parts, sixpence

pound weight avoirdupois of all (been skins, which every It.

1 have been so dressed In oil in Great, and duly dreffttfand*'

(and for which the duties by this act imposed in re duly marked, it thereof shall have been paid), and exported as merchan two thirds of 1 to foreign parts, two thirds of the duties by this act ini the dutf bd in respect thereof respectively.

is

for <ffry lb. of all other Hi ns (except lamb skins) drefiedand duly marked, two thirds of the duty.

Buck, etc. fltins imported since June i, 1788, and not entered, to be subject to the duties, etc. of this act.

No excise draaback to be paid on hides or lkins, but those granted by this act.

Drawbacks to

be paid according to the rules, etc. of 115 Geo. $. C 74.

Buck or deer skins mult have had the hair only taken off to be deemed half dreflfed.

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 37.

For every pound weight avoirdupois of all other! skins (except lamb skins) which shall have been ft oil in Great Britain, and duly marked (and for whickl ties by this act imposed in respect thereof shall have I and exported as merchandise to foreign parts, two < the duties by this act imposed in respect thereof resp "

And be it further enacted by the authority 1 That all buck or deer skins undressed, buck or deer dian half dressed, and elk skins undressed, which been imported into this kingdom since the first day t one thousand seven hundred and eighty eight, but of \ "tries have not been made, shall be' ftibjed and liable veral duties of customs and excise imposed by this s, other; and shall be allowed the like drawbacks upatfj portation thereof from this kingdom, in like manneri had been imported after the said fifth day of July one I seven hundred and eighty eight.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority That no excise drawback whatsoever shall, from and a said fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and! eight, be paid or payable on the exportation of any " skins, or parts or pieces of hides or skins, dressed in < there manufactured or 'made iftto goods or wares or 1 and except such drawbacks as are granted by this act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said drawbac paid and allowed out of the duties of excise hereby imp ipedt of such hides and skins, and parts and pieces

skins, so dressed in oil in Great Britain, under, subjectc, andi ing to the rules, regulations, reftrtdlions, nd provisions, 1 ed and provided in and by an act made in the twenty stbj the reign of his present Majesty, (entitled, An act for rtf duty imposed on tea by an act passed in the lost flffion af partial for granting other duties in lieu thereof \ for repealing so much ral acts as relates to the removal of tea; for dire ft ing the excise to examine and certify the exportation of exciseabti ties; and for better securing the duties on candles concerai^ exportation of exciseable commodities.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enadleh by 1 thority aforesaid, That no buck or deer skins shall be < or taken to be half dressed, within the meaning of I but such as are now usually imported under that denomk and which have undergone no other operation or dre- that of taking off the hair.

VIII. And whereas, immediately before the commencement said act made in the twenty seventh year of the reign of kiss Majesty, (entitled as aforesaid), certain duties were i allfluffs, except stuffs made of woollen, or whereof the gm in value should be woollen, printed, flamed painted, or 1 Great Britain: and whereas it was intended to charge, by fkj act made in the twenty seventh year rftbe reign of his present'm

4*9

1788.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 37.

?jp, duty upon all futb stuffs (extept as printed, slain,

or dyed in Great Britain; but no duty is by that

tbargedupon ter tain sorts offutbfluffs ft flamed,

for dyed, and it is expedient that a duty should be charged upon $ same be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, For tot there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto Majesty, his heirs and successors, for every yard in length, printed, etc. ckoning yard wide, of ajl Huffs, other than such Huffs for (not liable to f in respect whereof any duty of excise is, by the said at duty undersy lade in the twenty seventh year of the reign of his present Geo. 3. C is), bjehy, imposed on the same being printed, painted, or dyed*3^ of one I Great Britain, (and except such thereof as shall be dyed colour, etc. a uroughout of one colour only, and Huff made of woollen, or duty to be thereof the greatest part in value shall be woollen), and which paid of 3d. aq. lall be printed, Hained, painted, or dyed in Great Britain, nd foin proponion for any greater or less quantity, three ence halfpenny; to be paid by the printer, Hainer, painter, or tyer thereof.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Duties to be he several and respective duties by this act imposed Hull from leviedaccord imetotime be raised, received, levied, recovered, andfecur so?c^vthe* rd by such ways and means, and under such management, and commence jnder such penalties apd forfeitures, and with such power of ment of this adjudging and mitigating penalties and forfeitures, and with such other powers, and subject to such rules and directions, and in such methods, manner, and form, as by any act or acts of parliament (as the case may require) in force at the commencement of this act, for or in respect of hides or skins, and parts and pieces of hides and skins, drifted in oil in Great Britain; or for or in respect of linens and Huffs printed, Hained, painted, or dyed in Great Britain, is directed and preferred 3 and that the said act and acts, and all the clauses, penalties, forfeitures, powers, authorities, rules, directions, matters, and things therein contained, for the raising, receiving, levying, recovering, securing, or paying the said duties respectively, are and shall be continued, practised, and put in execution, for raising, receiving, levying, recovering, securing, and paying the respective duties by this act imposed, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if the same were particularly repeated and re enacted in this act.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all money arising by the duties by this act imposed, the Duties to be necessary charges of raising and accounting for the same ex paid into the cepted, shall from time to time be paid into the receipt of his carried to majesty's exchequer at Westminster, and the money so paid into theconfolu the said receipt of the exchequer as aforesaid shall be carried to dated fund, and made part of the fund called The consolidated fund.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all money from time to time arising for pr in respect of Account of any licences which the said commissioners of excise in England cences^o be and Scotland respectively, or the collectors or supervisors of ex kepl without

cife.

distinguishing Ihcpcr cent duties.

and to be paid into the exchequer in entire Turns, to be carried to the consolidated fund.

7 Geo. 3. C. 13.

From July 5, 1788, skins imported from East or West Florida, to be free of any avcrion duty, on the first sale thereof on account of the original importer, if it be within twelve months.

Clause of 5 Geo. 3. c. 43. recited.

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 37.

[17*11,

cife, are by law authorised or empowered to grant, and wfakk are chargeable with certain duties commonly called per cat duties shall be kept in the excise books of account in entire sums, without distinguishing how much of such money is due for or in respect of such percent duties; and such money, and also all other money from time to time arising for or in respect of any licences which the said commissioners of excise respectively, or the collectors or supervisors of excise, are authorised or empowered, by an act made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, (entitled. An act for laying certm duties upon licences to be taken out by the makers of and dealers a ixcifeable commodities therein mentioned), to grant, shall be accordingly paid into the said receipt of the exchequer in such entire sums, and be carried to and made part of the said fund, called The consolidated fund.

XII. And whereas, by an act made in the twenty seventh year tf the reign of his present Majesty, (entitled, An act for repealing the several duties of customs and excise, and granting other duties in lieu thereof, and for applying the said duties, together with the other duties compofm^ the public revenue; for permitting the importation of certain goods, wares, and merchandise, the produce or manufacture of the European dominions of the French king, into this kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed moneys, remaining in the exchequer for the payment of annuities on lives, to the reduction of the national debt), an excise duty of seven pence is chargeable (among aether things) on every twenty billings of the purebaft money drifting or payable by virtue of any Jale or auction, in Great Britain, of iter and other ftkins imported into this kingdom from East and West Florida in America: and whereas it will greatly tend to encourage the importation of such deer and other ftkins into this kingdom, if the same were allowed, under certain restrictions, to be sold by auffion fru tf the said duty; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty eight, all deer skins, and other skins, of the produce of East or West Florida in America, and which shall be imported into this kingdom directly from thence, shall and may be sold by auction free of the said duty: provided always nevertheless, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to authorise the sale of any such deer or other skins free of the said duty, unless on the first sale of such deer or other skins, by or for the account of the original importer to whom the same were consigned, and by whom they were entered at the customhouse at the port of importation, and unless such sale shall be made within twelve months next after the importation of such deer and other skins respectively; anything herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. And whereas by an act made in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty (entitled, An act for the better securing and further improvement of the revenues of customs, excise, in

L

1788.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 37.

ik) and felt 4tlties; and for encouraging the linen naanufac of the lju tf Man and for allowing the importation of boffsl goods the produce and manufacture of the said island, antor certain restrictions and regulations); reciting that great rrm4i bad been tmmitttd by divan maker 1 of bard, by -

ing trodficreting large quantities tf faap, in the absenee tj the off

*rs % from the tapper, pan, or other utenfel wherein the same was it was enacted, That all and tvery person and persons who^after thgfftb dayt (July one thousand seven hundred and sixty five should mgf* nay hard joapy should at his, her, or their own expense, find ptwmdfy and affix sufficient wooden covers, to be approved of in v&iting by and under the hands of the respective surveyor or super njffie of excise of the division, or difirift in which every such respective maker of hardfoap should refsde, to every copper, pan, or other utensil wherein he should boil or make any bard soap which said coppers, party or other utensils, with the covers thereto affixed, and also the pipe or pipes that conveys or convey away the wqfie or salt lees from tm eipper* pany or other utensil, Should, and they were thereby re amend to be securely locked and sealed down by the officer of excise who fmrveyed such trader, as Joon as the fire was damped or drawn from reader the copper, pan, or other utensil, whenever any sap, or axft thing of a soapy quality, should be left therein; which said locks and keys to the same, and all other necessary fafienings for securing tha coppers, pans, or other utensils, and also the pipes, should be provided by the respective surveyors or supervifers of excise of the divi jfim or iijlrift in which such respective makers of bard soap should rejfide, at the expense of such respective makers; and whenever any Jonh weaker of hard soap should he desirous of lighting a fire under such copper, pan or other utensil, Jo locked and sealed down, and Amid have given to the officer of excise of the division or disirift twelve hours notice, if such maker of bard soap should refede within the limits and jurisdiction of the head office of excise in London, or if such maker of bard soap should reside in any other part of Great Britain, twenty-four hours notice of such his, her, or their inten*> tiou, the officer of excise should attend to unlock and open the copper, pony or other utensil, and the pipe or pipes so secured, under the pc unities in the said act in that behalf provided: and whereas djubts have ariftn, whether the provisions of the said recited clause, and the penalties therein contained, do extend to all makers of ball soap j and the provibe it therefore declared and enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the provisions of the said recited clause, and the penalties "end to the " therein contained, do extend, and the same shall accordingly makers of ball extend to makers of ball soap. soap.

XIV. And whereas by an act made in the twenty-fourth year of4 Geo. 3. the reign of his present Majesty, (entitled, An as For better fe C curing the duties on (larch and soap), it is among other things enacted, That no maker or makers of hard soap shouldfell any hard soap but in the Jbape or form of cakes or bars, or what is commonly called or known by the name of ball soap; and that all feraps and parings of hard soap should be returned into the copper or boiler in the presence of the officer, immediately after the soap that bad been put into the

frames

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 37. [1788.

frames from any one boiling should have been cut up for salt: ami whereas it has bten found by experience, that great quantities of such feraps and parings, instead of being returned into the copper or heikr, as is directed by that alt, in the presence of the officer, are seat out

into consumption, to the great detriment of the revenue, and the injury of the fair trader, and it is difficult to prove the same to be feraps and parings, by reason that the officers ore not authorised by law to ftize the same, so as the same may be produced on the trial, and be proved to be feraps and parings; and it is equally detrimental to the revenue by whatever means such feraps and parings get out into consumption: remedy whereof, be it enacted by the an

Parinp of thority aforesaid, That if any feraps or parings of hard soap hard, ap, rc" shall be sold or sent out by any maker or makers of hard fbap, moved^ from^ or found removing or carrying, or removed or earned

one place to from one part of this kingdom to another, by land or by water, another, may the same shall be forfeited, together wkh the calks and pack the^nwlwrt^ aes contain'n6 ^ame and shall and may be seized by any forfeitiool. cer or officers of excise; and the maker or makers of hard

soap who shall send out or sell the same, shall, for every such offence, forfeit the Aim of one hundred pounds.

XV. And whereas by an act made in the tenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, (entitled, An act for more effectually preventing traders in exciseable commodities from tiling faife weights and feales, and for explaining and amending severs! acts of parliament relating to hackney coaches and chairs), it is enabled, That if at any time after the twenty-fourth day of Jane one thousand seven hundred and evenly, any trader subject to the survey of any officer of excise, and required by the laws concerning the duties under the management of the commissioners of excise to keep sufficient and jujl feales and weights, should in the weighing his, her, or their flock or flocks, make use of, or cause or procure or Joffer to be used, any faise, unjust, or insufficient feales or weights, to the intent to defraud his Majesty of the duties by the send laws respectively granted, that then and in every such case the party or parties offending shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds for every such offence: and whereas it is difficult to prove that such feales or weights are faise, unjujl or insufficient, by reason that the same are not forfeited, nor the officers of excise authorised by law to seize the same, and it is therefore expedient to forfeit the same, and to authorise such officer to seize the same; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any trader subject to the survey of any officer of excise, and required by the laws concerning the duties under the management of the commissioners of excise to keep sufficient and just feales and weights, shall, in

Unjust feales the weighing his, her, or their flock or flocks, make use of, or or weights cause or procure or suffer to be used, any faise, unjust, or in hfcdin sufficient feales or weights, to the intent to defraud his Majes

may l^seized re duties by the kidaws respectively granted, such

by any officer feales and weights respectively shall be forfeited, and shall and of the excise. may be seized by any officer or officers of excise,

eo. a. A

VI. And whereas by an alt/made in

e

4*3

1788.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 37.

the reign of his kte majesty King George the Second, intituled An act96k for encouraging the exportation of rum and spirits, of the growth, produce, and manufacture of the British sugar plantations, from this kingdom, and of British spirirs made from mo lades, it was amongst other things enacted, That oil rum and spirits of the growth, produee, and manufacture of the British sugar plantations in America, which should be exported from this kingdom as merchandise*Should be proof spirits; and in order that the same might he properly examined, and the casks marked when any person or persons should be deferous of shipping any quantity of such rum or spirits, they were thereby required to give notice thereof in writing to the officer of excise of the divifm or place where such rum or spirits were intended to be slipped, five days next before such rum or spirits should be put on flipboard, in which notice should be expressied the number of casks, and the quantity of rum or spirits so intended to be slipped and it should be lawful to and for the gaugers or other officers of excise, before the delivery of such rum and spirits from such ware boases, and at any time afterwards, to mark all and every such casks or other package, in such manner as the respective commissioners of excise should dire and to take a ample or samples, not exceeding one pint in the whole, out of each of the aid casks or other package containing such rum or spirits, paying for such sample or samples (if demanded) according to the market price rum or spirits of the tike quality should be sold for at the time such sample or samples should be taken: and whereas doubts have artfen whether such gaugers or other officers of excise art by the said recited clause authoris ei to take by way of sample or samples more than one pint of such rum or spirits out of any such cask or package containing such rum or spirits; to obviate such doubts in future, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That when any person or officer*ofex* persons shall have given any such notice as aforesaid, it shall eife may take and may be lawful to and for any officer or officers of excise, before the delivery of such rum or spirits from any such ware think fit o7 house or warehouses, and at any time afterwards, to take as rum intended many samples as he or they shall think fit (neither of such fam to be export pies exceeding half a pint) out of each of such calks or pack CD at the rate ages containing such rum or spirits, paying for such samples (if on3#8*per* demanded) at and after the rate of three Shillings per galion; 9

and if any person or persons shall obstruct or hinder any such officer or officers of excise in taking any such sample or samples, upon his or their offering to pay for the same as aforesaid (if demanded), the person or persons offending therein, shall, lor each and every such offence, severally forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds.

XVII. And whereas it is expedient to allow the officers of ex eft to take samplet of rum or spirits, of the growth, produce, or nanufofture of the British sugar plantations, which shall be delivered out of any warehouso or warehouses in which the same shall have been lodged in pursuance of the said last mentioned act, as floret to be pent and eonfumed on board any ship, in any voyage to parts beyond the seas, according to an act made in the seventeenth year of Vol. XXXVI F f tbi

4*4

and also of store rum for ships on their voyages.

Rum, shipped for storee, if relanded, to be forfeited, flee.

and every person concerned therein to forfeit treble the value;

and if he belong to the ship, tool.

19 Geo. 3. c. 56.

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii IIL C 37; [1788.

tit reign of his present Majesty, be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any officer or officers of excise, before the delivery of such ram or spirits so delivered as (lores, to be spent and contained as aforesaid, from any such warehouse or warehouses, and at any time afterwards, to take as many samples as he or they shall think fit (neither of such samples exceeding half a'pint) out of each of the calks or packages containing such rum or spirits, paying for such samples (if demanded) at and after the rate of three Shillings per galion; and if any person or persons shall obstruh or hinder any such officer or officers of excise in taking any such sample or samples, upon his or their offering to pay for the lame as aforesaid (if demanded), the person or persons offending therein shall, for each and every such offence, fete rally forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds.

XVIII. And, for preventing the relanding futb rum er spirits m shall be fa slipped for ft ores, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any such rum or spirits so shipped as (lores as aforesaid, shall be unfhtpptd in order to be rdanded, then not only all such rum or spirits, together with the calks or other package containing the same, together with the boats and vessels, horses, cattle, carts, and carriages made use of in such relanding thereof, or in the removal or carriage thereof after such relanding, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be (end by any officer or officers of the customs or excise; and all sod every person and persons who shall so uoship, or cause or procure to be so uoffiipped, any such rum or spirits, or shall be 'assisting, or otherwise concerned in such unshipping the same, or to whose hands the same shall knowingly come after suck unshipping thereof, shall forfeit treble the value of such rum or spirits, to be estimated at the bed and highest price which rum or spirits of the growth, produce, or manufacture of the Bru tifl sugar plantations in America shall sell for in London, at the time when such forfeiture shall be incurred; and if any mailer or other person belonging to, or on board any ship or vessel on board which any such rum or spirits shall be so shipped as (lores, shall assist in, or connive at, such unshipping or islanding any faefi rum or spirits, he or they (over and above all other penalties provided by any ad or as now in force) shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds.

XIX. And whereas by an act, made in the nineteenth year of the reign of kit present Majesty, intituled An act for altering, amending, and enforcing, so much of an a made in the seventeenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty certain duties on licences to be taken out by all persons acting as auctioneers; and certain rates and duties on ad lands, houses, goods, and other things, sold by auction; and upon indentures leases, bonds, deeds, and other instruments \ relates to the method of granting licences to auctioneers, and to the collecting the duties on estates and goods sold by auction, it is amongst other things enacted, That, from and after the fifth day of

1788.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 37. 425

July mt thousand seven hundred and Jiif any sale by auffitn J'of any efiait, goads, or e battles, should be rendered void by reason that the person for whose benefit the same was sold had no title to the same, or no right to dispose thereof, then and in every such case it should and might be lawful for the auflioneer who paid

the duty for the thing so sold, or for the person for whose benefit the same was so sold, to lay his, her, or their complaint before the commissioners of excifit, orjujlicesof the within whose jurisdiction respectively such sale was made; and the said of

of excise, or justices of the peace respectively, upon such complaint to them made, by or on the behalf of such au or by or on the

behalf of the person for whose benefit the same was sold, should and were required to hear and determine all such complaints, and examine the witnesses upon oath which should be produced, as well on the behalf of the party making such complaint, as on the behalf of all and every other party and parties, which oath they had thereby power to administer; and thereupon, or by other due proof, to relieve the party so complaining of so much of his, her, or their respective payments as should be so mode out before them to have been overpaid: and whereas it is expedient to afeertoin the time within which such complaint should be ft laid, so as to entitle the party complaining to relief be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Complaints of in order to entitle the party complaining to relief, all such com sales by auc plaints shall be laid within twelve calendar months after such tien being sale, if the sale shall be rendered void as aforesaid within that time, void to be or if the sale shall not be rendered void as aforesaid within that made in a time, then such complaints shall be laid within three months year if they after the discovery of the person for whose benefit any such be rendered estate, goods, or chattels, was or were sold, having no title to orclfe

the same, or no right to dispose thereof; and no such complaint j, thre'e shall be laid, or any relief given thereupon, unless such commonths after plaint shall be laid within the time herein before in that behalf the discovery, prescribed.

XX. And whereas by the said act, made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, it is also enabled, That in case the real turner of any estate, goods, or effitfl put up to sale by way of auflion, hall become the purchaser by means of his own bidding,

or the bidding of any other person on his behalf or for his use, at such sale, without fraud or collujion, then and in such case the respefiivt wmmiffmtrs of extife in Great Britain, and such,

and other officers of extife, as are thereby respectively thorised within their respective collections and dislrifls to receive the said duties mentioned in the said act, are thereby authorised and required to make an allowance to such owner of the duties by

that act upon such bidding, provided notice be given to the before such bidding, both by the owner and the person intended to be the bidder, of the latter being appointed by the former, and having agreed accordingly to bid at the sale for the use and behoof of the seller,

and provided such notice be verified by the oath of the auflioneer, ^as also the fairness and reality of the said transaflion to the best of bit knowledge and belief t and whereas it is expedient that no futfi

416

No allowances of duty to be made to purchasers of their own effects at auction!, unless prior notice of their having authorised a bidder be given to the auctioneer.

Goods liable to excise, and the materials in the custody of themanu fatsurer, C to be subject to arrears of duty, etc.

slow fines are to be recovered and applied.

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 37. [1788.

allowance shall be made, unless such notice in writing be given as h herein after dir efted \ be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no such allowance shall be made unless notice in writing, signed by the owner and the person intended to be the bidder, of the latter being appointed by the former, and having agreed accordingly to bid at the sale for the use and behoof of the seller, shall have been given to the auctioneer before such bidding, nor unless such delivery of such notice shall be verified upon the oath of the auctioneer, as also the fairness of the transaction to the bed of his knowledge.

XXI. And whereas it is expedient that all goods and commodities for or in respect whereof any duty of excise is by law imposed and also the materials, preparations, utensils, and vessels, in the custody of the mater or makers manufactwrer or manufacturers cf fweb goods and commodities respectively, for the purpose of making or manufacturing such goods and commodities respectively, should be fab jest and liable to the duties of excise in arrear and owing from rhyme to time by such maker or makers, manufacturer or manufacturers, and also Subject to all fines penalties, and forfeitures incurred by such maker or makers, manufacturer or manufacturers relating to his, her, and their trade or business; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all goods and commodities for or in respect whereof any duty of excise is by law imposed, apd all materials, preparations, utensils, and vessels in the custody of the maker or makers, or manufacturer or manufacturers of such goods or commodities respectively, or in the custody or possession of any person or persons to the use of, or fa trust for such maker or makers, or manufacturer or manufacturers, shall be subject and liable to, and the same are hereby made chargeable with, all the duties of excise in arrear and owing from time to time from or by such maker or makers, or manufacturer or manufacturers, for or in respect of any such or the like goods and commodities respectively so made or manufactured by him, her, or them; and shall alfa be subject to ell fines, penalties, and forfeitures incurred by such maker or makers, manufacturer or manufacturers, or other person using any workhouse, warehouse, or other place, to such maker or makers, or manufacturer or manufacturers, for any offence against any act or acts of parliament relating to the duties oa such or the like goods or commodities; and it shall and may be lawful in all such cases to levy such fines, duties, and penalties, and use such proceedings as may lawfully be done, in relation to such goods and commodities, in case the debtors or offenders were the true lawful owners thereof.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures imposed by this a ft, shall befued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated by such ways means, or methods as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied, or mitigated by any law or laws of excise, or by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, io any of his majesty's courts of record at Wfflnunfter^ or in

1788.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 37. 427

the court of exchequer in Scotland, respectively; and that one moiety of every such fine, penalty, or forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him or them who shall inform, discover, or fut for the same.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any action or suit shall be brought or commenced Limitation of again (I any person or persons for anything by him or them action, eic. done in pursuance of this or any other act or acts of parliament now in force, or hereafter to be made, relating to his majesty's revenues of customs and excise, or either of them, such ad ion or fiiit shall be commenced within three months next after the matter or thing done, and shall be laid in the proper county  and the defendant or defendants in any such action or suit may plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon; and if afterwards  verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, be?, or their action or prosecution, or judgement shall be given against him, her, or them, upon demurrer or otherwise, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him, her, or them, against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any information or suit shall be commenced and If in any ae* brought to trial, on account of the seizure of any goods, wares, tkerc or merchandise seized as forfeited by virtue of this or any other act or acts of parliament now in force, or hereafter to be made, canfe for a relating to the said revenues, or either of them, or of any ship, seizure, the vessel, or boat, or of any horse, cattle, or carriage used r claimant not employed in removing or carrying the same, wherein a verdict to costs C shall be found for the daimer thereof, and it shall appear to the 9

judge or court, before whom the same shall be tried or heard, that there was a probable cause of seizure, the judge or court before whom the same shall be tried or heard, shall certify that. there was a probable cause for making such seizure; and in such case the claimant shall not be entitled to any costs of suit whatsoever, nor shall the person or persons who made such seizure be liable to any action, indictment, or other suit or prosecution, on account of such seizure; and that in case any and in any action, indictment, or prosecution shall be commenced and such action in brought to trial against any person or persons whatsoever, on who fz account of the seizing any such goods, wares, or merchandise, ecj j8 defen or of any such ship, vessel, boat, horse, cattle, or carriage, dant, be shall used or employed in removing or carrying the same (whether not be liable any information shall be brought to trial to condemn the same ^'daroake" or not), and a verdict shall be given against the defendant orlc\ 8*defendants, if the court or judge, before whom such action, indictment, or prosecution shall be tried, shall certify that there was a probable cause for such seizure, then the plaintiff, besides the thing so seized, or the value thereof, shall not be in titled to above twopence damages, nor to any costs of suit; nor shall the defendant, in such prosecution, be imprisoned or be fined above one shilling.

No writ to be sued out against any person acting under any act of parliament relating to the customp or excise, in lef* than a month after notice given etc.

108. to be paid for such notice.

Tender of amends may be made within the month after notice, and pleaded in bar of action, etc.

No evidence to be given but such as i contained in the notice.

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 37. [1788.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no writ or process shall be sued out against any officer of the customs or excise, or against any person or persons acting by his or their order, in his or their aid, for anything done in the execution or by reason of this or any other act or acts of parliament now in force, or hereafter to be made, relating to the said revenues, or either of them, until one calendar month next after notice in writing shall have been delivered to him or them, 'or left at the Usual place of his or their abode, by the attorney or agent for the person or persons who intends or intend to sue out such writ or process as aforesaid; irt which notice shall be clearly and explicitly contained, the cause of action, the name and place of abode of the person or persons in whole name such action is intended to be brought, and the name and place of abode of the said attorney of agent; and that a see of twenty Shillings and no more shall be paicj for the preparing and serving of every such notice.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any such officer or officers, or other person or persons acting in his or their aid, to whom such notice shall be given as aforesaid, at any time within one calendar month after such notice shall be given, to tender amends to the person or persons complaining, or to his, her, or their agent or attorney; and in case such amends are not accepted, to plead such tender in bar to any action to be brought against him or them grounded on such writ or process, together with the plea of not guilty, and any other plea or pleas, with leave of the court in which such action shall be brought; and if upon issue joined thereon, the jury shall find the amends so tendered to have been sufficient, then they shall give a verdict for the defendant or defendants; and in such case, or m case the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discon tinue such action, or in case judgement shall be given for such defendant or defendants, upon demurrer, then such defendant, or defendants shall be entitled to the like costs as be or they would have been entitled to in case he or they had pleaded the general issue only; and if, upon issue so joined, the jury shah lind that no amends were tendered, or that the same were not sufficient, and also against the defendant or defendants in such other plea or pleas, then they shall give a verdict for such plaintiff or plaintiffs, and such damages as they shall think proper.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no such plaintiff or plaintiffs, in any, case where an action shall be grounded on arty aft done by the lfl defendant or defendants, shall be permitted to produce any evidence of the cause of such action, except such as shall be contained in the notice to be given as aforesaid, or shall recover any verdict against such officer or officers, or person or persons acting in his or their aid, unless it shall be proved on the trial of such action that such notice was given, and that in default of such proof the defendant or defendants in such aftioa shall recover a verdict and costs as aforesaid.

1788.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 37. 429

XXVIII. And be it farther enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any such officer or officers, or other petfbn Amends may or persons acting in his or their aid, shall neglect to tender amends, or shall, have tendered inefficient amends before the htoc joined? action brought, it shall and may be lawful for him or them, lay leave of the court in which such action shall be brought, at any time before ifltie joined, to pay into court such him of money as he or they Stall think fit, whereupon such proceedings, orders, and judgements shall be had, made, and given in and by such court, as in other actions where the defendant is allowed to pay money into court.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, from

That this act shall commence and take efied, as to all such w5, i7gg, matters and things therein contained in respect whereof no spe inailinstances rial commencement is hereby directed or provided, from and where no par imsnediatcjy after the fifth day of July one thousand seven hun j^cementit dred and righty cighr. specified.

XXX. And wbtreasy by an act made in the tweietyseventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for laying7 Geo. 3. additional duties upon licences, to be taken out by persons C recited' dealing by retail in spiritoons liquors; noting that it was expedient that additional duties jbnh be paid by all per sins who should Sake out lianas to deal by retail in spirituom liquor it is enabedy That9 from and after the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven9 there should be raised, levied, cobebedy and paidy unto and for the nfe of his Majesty, his heirs and fiuajforsy the severed and respective sums in the foetid ab in that behalf mentioned, four and upon all Barnes to be taken out annually, in manner in the foetid ab mentioned, by all persons who should retail any disfilled spirituous liquors or Jbrong Waters within Great Britain: and whereas diverse ferjbnsy dufy'luenfedfinte the faffing of the said ab to retail distilled spirituous liquors, have now no liana granted to them by the Justices of the peas in due form of law to Jell aley beery or other easy table liquors by reason of such justices of the ptaee having re fufei to grant such licences to such persons, and similar eases may occur in futurty and Jucbpersons being unable to sell ally beery or other endfeable bquersy for want of such licencty have become greatly reduced in their circumstances, and been deprived of the means by which they might have been enabled to make good though payments by the said act directed to be made for or in respeb of the licences by the said ab direbed to be taken outy and it is therefore expedient to refund to futb persons the money received from them respectively on account of such paymegtsy since such their respective licences granted to them respectively by the justices of the peace have expired; and also to exonerate such persons, as well as all other persons who may hereafter be in similar circumstances, from all further payments by the said ab direbed to be niadey for or in respeb of the licences by the said ab direbed to betaken out; be it therefore enacted, That it shall commffion and may be lawful to and for the commissioners of excise in etc^torcturn England and Scotland respectively, or the major part of them re to the persons foectively, within thp limits of the chief officers of excise in licensed toref 4 London uil fi "riu

m

43

since parting the rrciicd ad, and who shall not have ale licences on July 5* 1788, the moneys paid under! hat ait, iiace their aie 'licences expired, etc

47 Geo. 3. C a

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 37. [1788.

London and Edinburgh refyedively, and for the several collectors of excise in other parts of Great Britain within their respective collodions; and such of and collectors of excite respectively are hereby required to pay, out of the monks arising from the duties of excise upon licences to retail difiilled spirituous liquors, to all and every person and persons who Wereduly liqenfed since the parting of the said act to retail diailkd spirituous liquors, and who, on the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty eight, shall have no such licence to sell ale, beer, or other exciseable liquors, by reason of such justices of the peace having refused to renew such licence to such persons, the money received from them respectively for or on account of any of the payments by the said act directed to be made for or in respect of any licence or licences by the said act directed to be taken out, since his, her, or their respective licences, granted to them respectively by the justices of the peace to sell ale, beer, or other exciseable liquors, have, expired; and that no such person or persons as aforesaid, nor his, her, or their executor or administrator, shall be liable to the payment of any sum or Aims of money whatsoever by the said act directed to be paid, for or in respect of any licence or licences by the said act directed to be taken out; and no person or persons whp now is or are, or hereafter shall be, duly lkenfed to retail diddled spirituous liquors, and who shall afterwards have no licence to tell ale, beer, or other exciseabk liquors by reason of the justices of the peace having refused to renew such licence to him, her, or them, nor his, her, or their executor or administratqr, shall be liable to the payment of any fut or Aims of money whatsoever by the said act directed to be paid for or in respect of any payment by the said act directed to be made, for any time elapsed since the expiration of any such licence or licences which any justices of the peace shall so refute to renew; anything in the said act contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XXXI. And whereas by an act, made in the twenty fisventbyear of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty certain duties on glass imported into Great Britain, and for altering the mode of charging the duties on glass made inx Great Britain, it was enabledy That in lieu of the duty of extifiy then chargeable and payable for or in respect of any materials, or metaly or other preparations made use sin Great Britain in the making of cajl plate glass, there should be paid to his Mojeffiy his heirs and success'orsy at and after the rate of one pound one billing /mdfive pence halfpenny per hundred weight, for all cast plate glass whuh should be made in Great Britain, and which should be fiptarei into piatcs of a superficics not less than one thousand four hundred and eighty-five incbesy and of a thickness according to their superficiesy as isr therein mentioned and described: and whereas by the said act it was cnaftedy "I hat all and every maker and makers oj cajl plait glass should break into small pieces, to the satisfaction of the officer of excise under wkofe survey such maker or makers should be, immediately

1788.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 37.

upon Mag rtquijled so to do by such officer % all cajl plate and all tul let which should not be squared into plates, according to the dir elf ions of the fond a Jo as to render futb glass and cullet unfit for any purpose kei that of remelting \ that if any maker or makers Jbemld negltff or refuse so to do be Jbe, efr they Jbouldyfor every hah offence forfeit the sum of fifty pounds: and whereas it has been sounds by experience, that there is no certainty that any soft plate of glafis will turn out to be in all its parts of the thickness preferred by the fimid recited ay although the maker thereof may intend and be deftnats to make the same of the thickness so prescribedy and by rea fim thereof \ the same is liable to be broken into small pieces, according to the direhions of the said recited ally to the great loss and injury #/ the maker thereof be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the fifteenth day of June From Juoerj, one thousand seven hundred and eighty eight, no cad plate 17*8, plate glass, the superficial content whereof unit be one thousand of the tout hundred and eighty-five square inches and upwards, and herein speci the thlckaefs whereof mall, upon an average, be at the lead fied, not to be five twentieth parts of an inch, shall be liable to be broken into broken into small pieces, according to the directions of the said recited act, pieces, anything therein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXXII. And whereas by an act, made in the twenty sixth year of his present Majesty's reigns intituled An act for granting to his6 Gccrt S additional duties upon sweets, and for ascertaining the C 74# duties upon licences to be taken out by persons dealing in sweets $ was enalfed % That from and after the fifth day of July 000a thousand seven hundred and eighty six ir should and might be lawful to and for his Majesty's commissioners of lamps or any two of them, to grant upon any piece of vellum or parchment, or Jbeet or piece of popery any licence for filling of sweets or british wdr mats by any retail measure to any person or persons applying for the same, (although such person or persons should not have a spirituous liquor or ale licence), stamped or marked with a fiamp or mark of two pounds and four billings; and that all and every person and persons Jelling Britidi made wines only under such licences, should be freed and discharged from any penalty by the as therein mentioned impofied for selling wine under licences not Jfampedy as by the said as were dtre8ed: and whereas it is expedient to refrain the selling British wines or sweets for consumption in the loufes of retailers thereof to such persons only as ball have obtained as well a licence for soiling beer and ale, as a licence for the sale of britishmade wines; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That From July s from and after the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty eight, no person shall, by virtue of any licence for british wines the sale of bntish made wines or sweets, be entitled to sell such for confuirp wines or sweets for consumption in his or her own house, tin in their unless such person shall also have obtained a licence for selling j^0uu.[c# beer and ale. beer licence.

All alls in force, in as far as they relate to the carrying coastwise, cor to the exportation of the articles herein specified, to be repealed, except so much of9 and so'gul. 3. c. 40. as relates to wool iborn,

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 38. [1788.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An act to explain, amend, and reduce into one ad of parhameus, several laws now in being for preventing the exportation of Sue Jhecp, rams, and lambs, wool, woolfels, mortlings, shorthugs, yam, and worsted, crueh, toverlids9 waddings, and other manufactures, or pretended manufactures, made of wool slightly wrongest up, or otherwise put together, so as the same may be reduced to and muk iefe of as wool again, mattraffes or beds fluffed with combed wool, or wool fit for combing, fullers earth9 fulling clay and tdbaeea pipe clay, from this kingdom, and from the isles of Jersey Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and Man, into foreign parts; and fur rendering more effectual an act passed in the twenty-third year of the reign of King Henry the Eighth', intituled An act for the winding of wool.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the several acts of parliament am in forte far preventing and prohibiting the exportation of live jbetp, ram, and lambs wool woolfels9 mortlings9 Jbortlings, yam or wrnfloi made of wool wool flocks, cruels coverlids, waddings9 or other manufactures, or pretended manufactures, made ef wool flighty wrought up, or otherwise put together, Jo as the same may be reduced to and made vfe of as wool again, mattraffes or beds fluffed with combed wool or wool fit for tombing or carding, fullers earth, febag clay, or tobacco pipe clay, from and out of this kingdom, meet thrifts of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and Man, into fordgo parts \ and the regulations and restriciious made and specified m ike said several acts have in many respects been found mjuffhient toaufmr the good purposes intended thereby: and whereas it would tend more effectually to prevent the exportation of the find foverpl articles, if the said acts, or so much thereof as concern the said severed articles, mere repealed; and such and so many of the powers, provisions, regulations, and restrictions therein contained, with such amendments and additions as may be expedient and requisite for effecting the abovementioned important purpose, were comprised in one act: may it therefore pkafe your Majesty that it may be enacted? and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That all and singular the several as of parliament now in force, or so much thereof as relate in any manner to the carrying coastwise, or to the said ides, or any of them, or to prevent the exportation of the following articles, goods, or commodities; (that is to say), live (beep, rams, and lambs, woo), woolfels, mortlings, shortlings, yarn, or worsted made of wool, wool flocks, cruels, coverlids, waddings, or other manufactures, or pretended manufactures, made of woo) (lightly wrought up, or otherwise put together, so as the same may be reduced to and made use of as wool again, or mattrafles or beds fluffed with combed wool, or wool tit for combing or carding, or any fuller's earth, fulling clay, or tobacco pipe clay, except so much of an a &. of parliament, passed in the ninth and tenth years of the

1788.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 38. 433

reign of his late majesty King William the Third, intituled An hid up within ai far the explanation and better execution of former acts made agoinjl? ies of treptsport alien of wool) fullers earthy and scouring tiny, as relates to^p wool (horn, laid up or lodged within ten miles of the sea fuie, reading wkh trithin the counties of Kent or Sussex, or either of them, or to in 15 miles of any person or persons residing within fifteen miles of the sea in fca*, a the said counties of Kent or Suffix, shall be, and the same are suffext hereby repealed; and that from and after the passing hereof, this act, 'and all the powers, provisions and regulations herein contained, respecting all or any of the before enumerated articles, goods, or commodities, shall commence, take effet, and be in lorefc, in such (banner as are herein after mentioned.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That If live sheep, if any person or persons whosoever shall, from and after the ie con pa sling of this act, bring, deliver, send, receive, or take, or qat ^ntaiit cause or procure to be brought, delivered, sent, received, 5r or jersey, taken into any ship, vessel, or boat, any rams, sheep, or lambs, thevand the of any sort or description whatsoever, of the breed of the king veffcirc for dom of Great Britain, or of the ides of Jersey, Guernsey, Alder fclted mqf, Sark, or Man being alive, to be carried and conveyed out of the said kingdom of Great Britain, or any of the said ides, the fold ranis, sheep, or lambs, and also the ship, vessel, or boat, bn board of which the same shall be taken or received, shall become forfeited, and liable to be seized and secured for the benefit of any person or persons seizing the same; and every such per and the person or persons so offending, his, her, and their aiders, abettors, fons assisting procurers, and comsorters, knowing thereof, and who shall be t^c|[cin topat thereof convicted, shall, for every sheep or lamb which shall be j^d brought, delivered, sent, received, or taken, with any such in suffer three tent as aforesaid, into any ship, vessel, or boat, forfeit the summonths im of three pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, and shall also prisonment; suffer solitary imprisonment in the commom gaol or house of correction of the county, riding, division, Shire, or stewartry, tvhetein such offender or offenders shall be respectively convicted, for the space of three calender months, without bail or main prize, add until such forfeiture shall be paid, so as the whole of such imprisonment for the nonpayment of such forfeiture shall hot exceed the space of twelve calendar months; and in case of and fora fob any further conviction for or upon a second or other subsequent kquent of offence of the same kind, the person or persons so again offend ing shall, upon every second or other subsequent conviction, for and to suffer feit and pay for every such sheep or lamb the sum of five pounds six months of lawful money of Great Britain, and shall also suffer solitary i^prison imprisonment in the common gaol of house of correction of the ment* county, riding, division, Shire, or stewartry wherein such offender or offenders shall be respectively convicted, for the space of six calendar months, without bail or mainprize, and until such forfeitures shall be paid, so as the whole of the imprisonment for the nonpayment of the forfeiture incurred by such second or other subsequent offence shall not exceed the space of ffr/c, f^rc810 (Wo years j all of which laid several forfeitures shall be for the so^ying1

benefit the lime.

Not to extend to live sheep carried for diet of crew.

If olive wether (beep to be shipt for diet witbont licence from the port officer of the cnftomi.

Licence to specify the number of (beep which malt be shipt in theprefeocc of the officer on penalty of forfeiture and nos. for each iieep.

Where there in no officer, the licence to be granted by the officers at the nearest place, CC

Not to extend to vessels bound to or from any place between the mull of Can tyre and tape Wrath;

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 38. [ij

benefit of the person or persons who shall sue for the fastrj vided always, That nothing in this act contained ihaskl wise extend to subject any person or persons, or any ship, i or boat, to any of the pains, penalties, or forfeiture!, I contained, for the carrying or conveying away of an sheep, or of the wool growing upon any such wether I be carried alive in any ship, vessel, or boat, out of the I of Great Britain, or out of any of the said ides, for and I the only necessary food and diet of or for the m after at 1 mander, mariners, passengers, or persons therein, and towards no other purpose whatsoever.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted by they rity aforesaid, That no live wether sheep shall be put ore on board any ship, vessel, or boat, for the necessary foodc of the matter or commander, mariners or passengers f until an application shall have been made to the com and collector of the customs of such port or place wh same are intended to be shipped, and a licence obtained I them for the shipping thereof, which licence shall ipedf number of wether sheep (o to be pot on board such ship orf and they shall in no case exceed such number as in the jl ment of the officers granting such licence shall be deeawd^ cient for the use of such master or commander, maria passengers, during the intended voyage of beb ship em according to the distance thereof, nor shall the same bef'but in the pretence of the proper officers appointed tol same, upon pain that the sheep fb put on board shah forfeited to the person or persons seizing the same, and I son or persons shipping or attempting to ship the same t every such offence, forfeit and pay the (um of twenty I for every such sheep, to the person or persons who shall W thereof.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if it I pen that there shall be no comptroller or coue&or of the < at the place where the said live wether (beep are intended! shipped, that then and in every such case such licence 6'obtained from and the shipping of such live wether fbcepf made in the presence of some one or more officer or on his majesty's revenue nearest to such place, and every officer is hereby required to grant such licence and to atfiea and overlook the shipping of such sheep; anything herdac tained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

V. And whereas there arey within same parts of that part of * Britain called Scotland, very few officers of his Majestys te be it therefore enacted, That nothing in this act contained respsd to any officer being present at the shipping of live*sheep, or the granting a licence for that purpose, shall cite be construed to extend, to the shipping of live wether sheep board any ship, vessel or boat which shall be bound only I from any port or place between the All of Gvttire aodc

1788.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 3$. 435

p^rath % for the necessary food and diet of or for the matter or commander, mariners, passengers, or persons on board such Chips, vessels, or boats, and for and towards no other purpose whaitsoever,

VI. And whereas, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, estates and farms often conjijl of mainland and small islands within the different firths or Jeas adjacent, on which islands Jbeep are fed and de pmftshred, and which, for that and other purpose j, mu ft necessarily be removed on board boats or other vessels from one island to another island % or to the mainland, or therefrom to the said islands; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this a, or anything nor to the herein contained, shall not extend to prevent or hinder any land *7

holder, proprietor, or tenant of such estate or estates, or farm Mainland to or farms, from moving, transporting, carrying, and exchang islands wit hi vng from the mainland to any island or islands in the firths or the firth of seas adjacent, or from any such island to another such island, or sc.otiand, from thence to the mainland, on board boats or other vessels,onc([ftofa any live, (beep or lambs, as occasion may be or require. both.

VII. Provided always nevertheless, and be it further enacted,

That it shall not be lawful to or for any such landholder, pro Proprietor, prictor, or tenant of such aforesaid estate or estates, farm or ct rucl? farms, to remove, transport, carry, or exchange, any such live notto sheep or lambs as aforesaid, until he, she, or they shall have port sheep to entered into a bond, to the use of the King's majesty, his heirs foreign part, and futceflors, in the penalty of one hundred pounds, that such an? to obtain landholder, proprietor, or tenant, will not export, or knowingly for

permit to be exported, to foreign parts, any live sheep, lambs, therat*woo!, woolfels, mortlings, or shortlings, to him, her, or them belonging, contrary to the true intent and meaning hereof; and Hull have delivered such bond to one of his majesty's justices of the peace, officer of the customs, or officer of excise, nearest to the residence of such landholder, proprietor, or tenant; and also until he, she, or they shall have obtained a licence for the moving, transporting, carrying, or exchanging any such live sheep or iambs as aforesaid, from such aforesaid justice of the peace, or officer, under his hand and Teal; and which such aforesaid' justice and officer are hereby required to grant upon receiving such bond, or at any time thereafter.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every such licence Licence to shall express and contain the name and residence of the person contain the and persons to whom the same shall be granted, and the names onto*and situations of the islands to and from which any such live whomgrant sheep or lambs shall and may be thereby moved, transported, ed, etc. and to carried, or exchanged; and every such licence shall continue in continue in force until a forfeiture shall be made of the last aforesaid bond; be flr which said bond, and a copy of every such licence, shall be fenr, fejted. by the justice or officer who shall take or grant the same, within Bondandcopy one month next after the receiving of such bond or granting such of licence to licence respectively, to the Commissioners of his Majesty's cuf he sent to the terns in Edinburgh.*ofzcu'e

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Edinburgh.

That

436 Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 39. [ 17sc

Persons con That all and every person and persons who shall, from ars veying wool, after the passing of this act, directly or indirectly carry, exports greatbrttain, transport, or otherwise convey, or cause or procure to be carrier or Jersey, etc! exported, transported, or otherwise conveyed, out of the kin owners, etc. dom of Great Britain, or out of or from the said ides of j&fw of ships, carts, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and or out of or from any if orrevenue* them, into any parts or places out of the kingdom or ides afefy officers, ex said, any wool whatsoever of the growth of the kingdom or m porting, or af the isles a fore said, or any woolfels, mortlings, shortlings, yam sitting in the or worsted made of wool, woolflocks, cruels, coverlids, wad fce, ws, dings, or other manufactures, or pretended manufactures, made etc. liable to of wool dightly wrought up, or otherwise put together, so a tfcr penalties. same may be reduced to and made use of as wool again, or mat trades or beds (luffed with combed wool, or wool fit for combing or carding, or any fullers earth, fulling clay, or tobacco pipe clay, and also all and every owner and owners of any ship or other vedel, and all and every owner and owners of every horse or other bead of burden, wagon, cart, or carriage, upon which any sheep, wool, or other articles before enumerated

and hereby prohibited from exportation, shall be exported transported, carried or conveyed, packed or loacted, with an intent to be exported, knowing thereof, and being actually aiding, assisting, or contenting the reunto, and also every matter am commander, and mariner of or in such ship or other vessel wherein any such wool or other articles aforesaid, and which are hereby prohibited from being exported, shall be so exported, transported, carried or conveyed, or loaden or laid on board as aforesaid, with any such intent or purpose as aforesaid, knowing thereof, and being actually aiding, aflitting, or confendag thereunto, and also every tactor or servant, or other person whatsoever, and every collector, customer, comptroller, waiter, searcher, surveyor, or other officer or officers whomsoever, knowing thereof, and being actually aiding, aflitting, or consenting the reunto, and who shall be thereof convicted, shall Penalties. forfeit and pay for the first offence three Shillings for every pound weight of such wool, or other the aforesaid enumerated articles, which are hereby prohibited from being exported, or the sum of fifty pounds of lawful money of Great Britain in the whole, at the election of the person or persons who shall sue for the same,

# and shall also suffer solitary imprisonment in the common gaol

or house of correction of the county, riding, division, Shire, or stewartry wherein such offender or offenders shall be respectively convicted, for the space of three calendar months, without bail or mainprize, and until the penalty in which he, she, or they shall be convicted shall be paid, so as the whole of such imprisonment for the nonpayment of such penalty shall not exceed the space of twelve calendar months; and in case of a further conviction for or upon a second or other subsequent offence of the same kind, the person or persons so again offending shall, upon every second, or other subsequent conviction, forfeit and pay three Shillings for every pound weight of such wool and other

4j7

V Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 38.

articles bercin before mentioned, and which are hereby prohibited from being exported, or the sum of fifty pounds of lawful uooey of Great Britain, at the election of the person or persons who shall sue for the same, and shall also fufifer solitary impri foament in the common gaol or house of correction of the axmty, riding, division, Shire, or stewartry, wherein such offender or offenders shall be respectively convicted, for the space of IX calendar months, without bail or mainprize, and until the penalty in which be, (he, or they shall be convicted shall be paid, Jo as the whole of such imprisonment for the nonpayment of the penalty which shall be incurred by such second or other subsequent offence, shall not exceed the space of two years; all Forfeiture to which said several forfeitures shall be for the benefit of the per P (bn or persons who shall sue for the same; and the said wool, them. g and other the said herein before enumerated articles, which shall Wool, etc. be packed loacted, removed, carried, conveyed, or shipped, conveyedcon wkh intent to export the same, otherwise than under and ac triryt?5hi? cording to the restrictions and regulations, and subject to the ^c|w, ^ctht^ powers and exceptions herein after mentioned and expressed, be forfeited, shall, together with the ship, vessel, bottom, or boat, wagon, cart, and other carriage, horses, or other beasts, on or by which any of the said hereby prohibited articles shall happen to be Co loacted, carrying or conveying, shall be liable to be seized, and shall become forfeited for the benefit of the person or persons who shall ieize the same.

X Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That nothing adnottoex iatbis ad contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed tohc

extend, to prohibit the exportation of tobacco pipe clay from ^ba^o^pipes any port in this kingdom to any British sugar colony or planta cay to the tien in the West Indies, in any ship or vessel which may lawfully britifocoio trade thither, so long as the exportation thereof shall be allowed n the by virtue of an act made and passed in the seventeenth year of ihowtd the reign of his present majesty, intituled An act for repealing by 17 Geo. 3. the eleventh ruli in the book of rates % so far as the same relates to C 43. mating any allowance upon the importation of damaged currants and rrijmy and for making the importer of fetch goods an abatement in the duties in lieu thereof \ and for explaining the said rule with respect to stub allowance for damage on other goods; and to permit the exporta lion of tobacco pipe clay from this kingdom to the Britishb sugar colonies or plantations in the West Indies, for a limited time which said recited act has been continued by several subsequent acts of parliament.

XI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all If wool, etc. and every owner and owners of wool, or any other the said here intended to in wore enumerated woollen and worsted articles, and which are hereby prohibited from being exported, or his, her, or their ing toward agent or agents, who shall at any time hereafter carry, or cause the sea with to be carried, any wool, or any other the said last mentioned out entry articles, to any port or place on the seacoast within the said jl^b^n^kingdom of Great Britain, with an intention to convey the same ^ade, to be to aoy other port or place on the seacoast within the lame king forfeited, etc.

dom,

43?

but not to extend to wool

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 38.

dom, from whence the same may be shipped off, of otl transported, conveyed, or carried into foreign parts, shall, first place, cause a due entry to be made of the said wool, other the said last mentioned articles, at the port from the same shall be so intended to be conveyed, containing exact weight, marks, and numbers of the same, before fcfc (he, or they, shall presume to load or carry away any of thefifal wool, or the last mentioned articles, within five miles of mf such port or place on the said seacoasts, from whence the is or are so to be conveyed; and if any wool, or any other Ac said last mentioned articles, shall be carrying towards the fa,] for the purpose aforesaid, without being first entered in nnumr aforesaid, and without being accompanied with a certificate! such entry, and which the officer with whom such entry (hafffce made is hereby required to give, the woo), and other the aftsc* said articles, so found, and also the horse or horses, or other beast, cart, wagon, or other carriages conveying the (Me, shall be forfeited Tor the benefit of the person or persons who Ad 1'eize thereupon.

XII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That the aforegoing clause is not intended, nor shall be construed to ex carrying from tend, to the hindering any person or persons from carrying fab,

(heanngtothelcr> or t*lc*r wol from pace &ear*ng the same, on horses, owner's or by carts and wagons, to his, her, or their own dweffing house, though house or houses, or outhouses thereunto belonging, though thfe within 5 miles same be within five miles or less of the sea, so as such person or the quantity per ns within ten days after the (hearing of the said wool, and be certified to before he, she, or they remove or otherwise dispose of thefome^ the officer of or any part thereof, from the place where it was first carried the after (hearing, do under his, her, or their hands, certify to the

temiontore" cers f customsin the next adjacent port the true quantity move it. of the said wool; (that is to say), of the number of fleeces, and where the same is housed, and that such person or persons do not remove, or otherwise dispose of the said wool to any other place, without first certifying to the officer of such port, under his, her, o t their hands, of his, her, or their intention to remove the same, three days at leaf! before such removal; and the officer and officers in their respective ports, and the limits of such ports, are hereby required to receive and keep Rich certificates, and to make a register of them; but in case any such person or persons shall neglect to make and send such certificate to the officer or officers of the next adjacent port as aforesaid, or shall remove, or otherwise dispose of any of the said wool before such certificate of his, her, or their intention so to be made and delivered as aforesaid, such person or persons shall have no benefit by this proviso, but be liable to the penalties expressed in the foregoing clause.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if such next adjacent port shall happen to be at a greater distance certificates to than ve mes fro the dwelling house or houses of such afore br given to*said person or persons, that then and in every such case every justice, etc. such

Officer to register such certificates.

If there be no port within five miles.

1788.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 38. 439

filth aforesaid entry, notice, or certificate, shall and may be mamitc or given to any one of his majesty's justices of the peace, ear muay officer of his majesty's revenue, nearest to the dwelling or houses of such person or persons; anything herein con laissed to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case 02*nt*ty of any Ihtep shall be (horn between the first day of March and the cp flierri first of July in each year, for the sole purpose of sending them for market to.market, and in case the owner or owners of such sheep shall between not remove or otherwise dispose of the wool or fleeces, which March i.and shall be (horn from such sheep, from the places where the same jo/be'certifi twe first carried after (hearing, without first certifying in three ed tju after days in manner aforesaid, it shall not be necessary for such owner the general or owners to certify the true quantity of the said wool and num flaring, if ber of such fleeces, and where the lame are housed, until such ^ou$y8 owner or owners shall certify in manner before mentioned the notice of the quantity of the wool and number of the fleeces (horn from the removal be whole of the flock or flocks belonging to such owner or owners, certified as after the general (hearing for that season of the said flock or flocks. aforesaid

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any person or persons. Qualified per authorised and qualified as herein after is mentioned, to seize, \hrir own take, and challenge, to and for his and their own use and use, wool, C benefit, all such wool, woolfek, mortlings, shortlings, and other found near the said woollen and worded articles, fullers earth, fulling clay, lea or and tobacco pipe clay, which he or they shall happen to see, rwer^ fth C know, or discover, to be brought, carried, or laid oq (bore, at an intent to or near the sea, or any navigable river, to the intent or purpose be exported, to be exported or conveyed out of the said kingdom of Great Britainr or out of the ides aforesaid, or any of them, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act; and the offender or Penalty on the offenders therein shall be subject and liable to the like forfeiture, orders, pains and penalties as persons by this act are subject unto for exporting, transpojting, or shipping: of wool, or other the commodities aforesaid, contrary to the true intent and meaning hereof.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it Wool for the shall and may be lawful to export and transport the several etc.mavbc* quantities of wool herein after mentioned out of or from the port exportedtroiri of Southampton only, unto the ides of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney Southampton or Sark, by or for the only use or behoof of any of the inhabi uncjer the re tants of the said ides, or some oroncof them, but under and subject hereincon to the regulations in this act contained, respecting the removal tained.

and shipping of wool, and so as such wool shall be shipped or laden on board some ship or vessel then the property of some person or persons refuting within one of the said ides of jersey,

Guernsey Alderney, or Sarky and so as such person and persons as shall so ship or put on board such wool aforesaid in any such ship or other vessel, do, before the shipping or'putting on board such wool, deliver unto the collector, customer, comptroller, surveyor, or feardier of the port of Southampton aforesaid, (out

Vol. XXXVI G g of

of which the same wool is to be exported), a writing under hand and seal of the governor of the said isle of Jersey or of 1 deputy or deputies, as to the wool which is to be exported! to the said island; and under the seal of the said governor Guernsey* or of his deputy or deputies, as to the wool whkfeii' to be expqrted to, the said ides of Guernsey* Alderney and Ssrb* or any of them; iirwhich writing it shall be expressed that d party named therein is authorised and appointed to export! cause to be exported out of the port aforesaid so much wool, e pressing the number of tods, to the same isles, or fovne or^ooe of them, to be used and manufactured in one of the same ite, or in some of the members or parts of the same, and that fadk party, so authorised and appointed to export or cause to bex* ported such wool, hath, before the making and sealing of ifee said writing, entered into sufficient bond to his majesty's ufcfor the landing of the said wool in manner aforesaid.

Quantity that

XVII And, to the intent that the quantity of wool to be exported ported annu out f f0*1 f Southampton aforesaid into the said isles or either ally to Jersey, f them in any one year account ing the year to begin from the flrfl etc. day of January now last pajl % andfo from the first day of January in

every succeeding year may not exceed the quantity hereunder specified

(ithat is to say unto the isle of Jersey four thousand tods aid m more of uncombed wool; and unto the isle c/ Guernsey two tbottfend tods and no more of uncombed wool; and unto the isle of Alderney four hundred tods of uncombed wool and no tnore\ and unto the isle if Sark two hundred tods of uncombed wool and no more each tod wet exceeding thirty-two pounds in weight; be it further enacted by the Governor of authority aforesaid, That the governor of the said Hie of Jersey Jcriev, etc. or xs deputy, for whom he mall answer, shall not make to aay Life tb/ex * person or persons any writing or writings, such as is above spe portatfon of Cified, to authorise and appoint such person or persons as afore more than the said to fetch, export, or transport, out of the port of Southamptm quantity spe aforesaid unto the said isle of Jersey in any one year, account un<x ' ing the year from the said first day of January any greater quad

tity of woouhan four thousand tods; and that the governor of the said isle of Guernsey* or his deputy, for whom he shall answer, shall not make to any person or persons any writing or writion, such as is above specified, to authorise and appoint such perm or persons as aforesaid to fetch, export, or transport out of the port above specified, unto the said isles of Guernsey, Alderney and Sark in any one year, acounting the year from the first day of January as aforesaid, any greater quantity of wool than two thousand tods for Guernsey four hundred tods for Alderney and cust^mer of two hundred tods for Sark and that the customer of the port Southampton C Southampton aforesaid shall keep a true account of ali the said obced*and Iluant, iy f wo him permitted to be laden by this act, forfeit 5ot. an shall not permit any greater quantity of wool to be laden it he permit a than by this act is prescribed, in any one year, to any of the said larger than islands re(pedfively, under any pretence whatsoever, upon the quatititytobe oath forfeiture of his place, and of the sum of five hua

jaden. 7 dred pounds in money, one moiety whereof to the King's majesty,

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. j8. 44*

his heirs or successors, and the other moiety to him bjr

them that will sue for the same in any court of record, wherein

00 essoin, protection, or wager of law, nor more than one imparlance,

shall be allowed: and if any of the governors of the Vathorrf

feid isles, their or either of their deputy or deputies, shall give, fng'a )arg<r

grant, or make any licence or licences for exporting from South quantity to be

amp tonne aforesaid into the said ides respectively any greater quan exported, to

tity of such wool than is before, by the true meaning of this ac

and appointed in that behalf; that then the respective per

governor or governors of such of the said ides shall forfeit and

pay to the king's majesty, his heirs or successors, the sum of

twenty pounds of lawful money of Great Britain for every tod of wool which shall be so licensed to be exported, over and above

the rate or proportion of wool in and by this ct, or the true

meaning thereof, limited or appointed, one moiety whereof shall be paid to the king's majesty, his heirs or successors, and tyre

other moiety thereof to him or them that will sue for the same in any court of record, wherein no essoin, protection, or Wager of law, nor more than one imparlance, shall be allowed.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, 1* j? hp patd That the respective governors aforesaid, or their respective d

puties, or any of their clerks, officers, or servants, for the granting, making, signing, or sealing of every such writing of licence before directed, and for the entering rremembrance ojf the same into some book which they shall have and keep for that purpose, shall have and take the (urii of one shilling, and rtd more.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid

That wool, or any of the herein before enumerated woollen No wool, etc. orworsted articles, fullers earth, fulling clay, or tobicco pipe day, shall, on any pretence whatever, be put on board any ship belonging to or orher vessel, hulk, or boar, whereof any alien born, or natural born whereof any naturauboru subject, not inhabiting within the subject reti kingdom of Great Britain, shall be owner or part owner; and br|\a\n^rcat every such ship or vessel, hulk, or boat; whereirt any (belt wool, r 1*or other articles herein before enumerated, shall be shipped, put, or laid on board, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, shall be forfeited to and for the use of the person and^ % persons seizing the same: provided always, That this act (h&ll foumb fleins not extend to any lamb skins ready dressed and prepared, fit attd drfcflvdforfur useful for fur or linings. or linings.

XX. And whereas by the said at of the ninth and tenth years of Recital of part the reign of his late majesty King William the Thirds it is enabled9 and 10 Jhat no person or persons reftding within fifteen miles of the sea, in Gu C the counties of Kent and Sussex, stall prejunto to buy any wool before they enter into bond to the kings majesty, his heirs or fuuejfors, with sureties, that all the wool they buy shall not be sold by them to any person or persons within fifteen mites of the sea; and in case any whol be found tqrr 'red tbwatds the seaside in the counties aforesaid, such wool be first entered and security. given, the same Shalt be forfeited, and the person or persons offending therein shall also forfeit

Ggz thru

M

44. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 38. [1788.

three shillings for every pound weight of all such wool; and that m wool removed from the place id here it was first boufed % lodged, or laid after hearings within ten miles of the seaside, in Kent or Safest shall be lodged after the first removing within fifteen milts of tbtjm, in the said counties, upon pain of forfeiting alljuch wool if found kit if carried away, then every person or persons who were the owners of the said wool to forfeit, for every pound weight, the fium of three JUS lings: and whereas buyers and manufacturers of wool residing within fifteen miles of the sea, in the said counties of Kent and Suflbr, who purchase quantities of wool, are often obliged to Jell again the whole, V or some part of the wool which they have purchased, and which tiny, by the said act, are prevented from selling to any person or perfims in the find counties within fifteen miles of the sea, which is attended wish'great hardship to the said buyers and manufacturers of wool - for the

Wool may be remedy whereof, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, vdtffin C romane ater 1 ie pan f Ms a<^5shall an may be lawful milesot the fr any buyer or manufacturer of wool within the said counties lea in Kent of Kent and Sussex, residing within fifteen miles of the sea, hax and Sussex, ing given such bond, with sureties, as is before mentioned, wartievhave any wo to an kuyer or nianufaislurer of wool within the gtven thevc kid counties, who has also given such bond, with sureties, as is bond rea lore said, and to remove and lodge the same at the warehouse or quired, etc. other place belonging to the person or persons to whom the same shall be sold, and who has entered into such bond, with sureties, as is aforesaid, as often as shall be thought necessary, although the person or persons purchasing the fameshall live within fifteen miles of the sea, such wool being removed, and such person or persons giving such notice of the lodging and houfin^ thereof, as is required by the said act of the ninth and tenth years of C reign of his late majesty King William the Third.

XXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in the said recited act contained shall extend, or be conftraed to extend, to prevent or hinder any wool shorn, or housed, laid up or lodged within ten miles of the seaside, within the counties of Kent and Sussex, or either of them, from being removed or carried to any town, field, or place, where a regular and established fair shall be held for the Tale of wool; and in case the same shall not be sold or disposed of at such fair, 'to bring back such wool to the house or place from whence the same had been taken: provided that, previous to the retpoval of such wool, a permit be taken out containing the quantity of the wool to be removed, and to continue in torce for and during such time as may be necessary for the removal of the same to the fair as aforesaid, and the returning thereof to the house or place from whence the same had been taken, in case the same shall not be sold or disposed of at such fair, and the proper officers are hereby required to grant all such permits upon application to them made for that purpose Permits for from the grower of the wool.

wool so sold

XXII. And be it further enacted, That every permit shall to be pro accompany the wool for the removal of which the same shall

officer tete ave een grantet*5 and all, in case of such wool being foldor

0 1 disposed

Wool (horn or housed within 10 miles of the sea in Kent and Sussex may be carried to fairs for sale, etc, on permit.

1788.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 38. 443

disposed of at the fair where to the same shall be carried, be pro by the purchaser or purchasers thereof to the proper officer*of officers, who shall then grant to such purchaser or purchasers another permit, or other permits, for the taking such wool faom such fair, and which permit or permits shall specify the mnntity of wool to be moved, and the time during which it uaau be to continue in force.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That in case of the return Wool re*urn* of any such wool unfold to the house or place from whence the f^m^ra to same shall have been faken, the same shall become subject and be subject to liable to the same rules, restrictions, and laws, as it would have the same rules been, in case the same had never been moved, or taken to any a8 before fair as aforesaid. rem<mk

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons whosoever shall counterfeit, coun"

erase, or in anywise alter any certificate or acknowledgement in certificate the said recited act mentioned, or any licence, certificate, or in etc. to forfeit strument hereby directed to be made or given, of shall cause or 20l. procure the same or either of them to be counterfeited, forged, erased, or altered in any respect, or shall knowingly make use of any counterfeited or altered licence, certificate, or acknowledgement, he, she, or they so offending shall forfeit and pay the fuoi of twenty pounds for every such offence to any person or persons who shall sue for the same.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That no wool, or any Wool, etc. other the aforesaid woollen or worsted articles, and which are hereby prohibited from being exported, shall be removed or car fctt7ngand*ried towards the sea, within five miles of the seacoast of any part fun riling, of, the kingdom of Great Britain, upon any pretence whatever, within five between fun setting and fun rising, upon pain of the same being forfeited, together with the horses, wagon, cart, or carriage, forfciteu etc. in and by which such wool, and other the said woollen and worsted articles, shall be so conveying, for the benefit of the person or persons seizing the lame; and the driver or drivers of^every such wagon, cart, or carriage, knowing thereof, and being thereof convicted, shall be committed to the house of correction for the space of one month, there to remain without bail or mainprize.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That but not to nothing in the last aforesaid dause contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent or hinder any farmer or grower ^ndcarried of wool from removing or carrying, at any time after fun setting, after fun such wool as shall have been (horn that day, from the place or setting, the places of (hearing the same to the dwelling house or storehouse

of such farmer orgtower, although such removal shall be houses! towards the sea, and within five miles of the coast thereof.

XXVII Rrovided always, and be it enacted, That nothing Worfredyarn, herein contained shall prevent or hinder any person or persons not exceeding

' from carrying and conveying, at any time, any parcels of wool len or worsted yarn twisted, of two or more threads, and manu may^carmd factored and prepared for knitting, so as each parcel be bona fide toretaillhopi,

G g 3 directed etc.

wool, etc. is to be packed.

Penalty for drgloft.

directed to, and carrying for and to the residence or (hop of same retailer or retailers of such woollen or worsted yarn, and fa ar there be not more than fourteen pounds weight directed to and carrying for any one person at the same time, and fa as fucti parcel be marked according to the directions of the act or acts of parliament requiring the marking thereof.

XXVIII. And be it farther enacted by the authority afortr said, tthat no wool, woolfels, mortlings, shortlings, wool flocks, worked bay, or woollen yarn, shall be packed up in any other package otherwise than packs or trustes of leather or caw' vafs, commonly called pack clothes, or in linen or woollen; and that all such padks or trusses of leather, canvas, linen, or woollen, shall be stamped or marked on the outside thereof with the word jvooly in large characters, not less than three inches in length, on forfeiture of all such wool, or other the aforefetf articles, to the person or persons seizing the same, and also upon forfeiture, by the person or persons to whom such wool or other aforesaid articles shall belortgiofany fumor sums of money, not exceeding one shilling for emy 'pound weight of such wool, or other the aforesaid articles so seized, to the person or persons seizing the same, as (lie court or justices before whom such woo), of other the aforesaid articles, shall be condemned, shall direct:

whlfd ?ld prove always. That nothing herein contained shall extend to maybe pace prevent any person from packing or putting any worded or woollen yarn in paper, so that such paper is fairly directed to the person or persons to whom the same Is intended to be sent, and the word Worsted or Yarn, as the case may be, wrote or marked thereon, in letters not less than one inch in length, and that the quantity in any one such paper contained do no exceed fourteen pounds in weight.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the justices before whom any complaint or information respect itjg the word Wool not being stamped or marked on the outside

packagr7tobe of the park age of such last enumerated articles, according tole returned, but directions or this act, shall be made, shall and may, and they not to mid are hereby empowered, if they shall so think fit, tp order and direct the wool, and other the said herein before enumerated articles which shall have beenfeifeed, to be returned toanddelive/pd up to the owner or owners thereof; but that in every such case the forfeiture or penalty incurred Jay such offence shall not be mitigated or reduced below sixpence for every pound weight of such wool, or articles so seized.

h XXX And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid Wool, CC not r a anc every person and persons who shall pack any wool, packed ac*tih r the aforesaid woollen or worsted articles, in any box, afttosfar bvryjl case, cliest, or any other package, otherwise than

feiicd. and js. acjordrte to the directions herein before contained, or who shall for every lb. pre toge^er, or cause or procure to be pressed together, with any fcyjws. vnreffes, or other engine, any wool whatsoever, or any yarn miflfe of wool, or other the woollen or worsted articles by this act prpjui'ited from being expqrfed, Into any pack, truss

( U. or

in paper, if marked, etc.

Justice may. order wool, etc. undamped on the

Southeast the pe iy below per lb.

weight.;

1788.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 3?. 445

of other wrapper, or put, press, pack, or (lean the same, or cane to be put, pressed, paeked, or (leaned, into any burr, pipe, hog (head, chert, or other cask or vessel, upon any pretence whatsoever, shall forfeit all such wool, or other aforesaid woollen or worded articles, with the package thereof, and three (hiuings for every pound weight of wool, or other such woollen or worded articles, so put, pressed, paeked, or (leaned, the whole of which penalties shall go and be paid, by the owner or packer of such wool, or other the aforesaid woollen or worded articles, to the person or persons who shall seize the same, or foe for such forfeiture.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons (halt press together, or cause or Persons pack procure to be pressed together, with any ferews, presses, or ng wool, etc. other etigine, any wool, or other the woollen or worded articles hereby prohibited from being exported, into any truss, sack, pack, bag, or other wrapper, or shall put, press, pack, or dean m, to be liable the same, or cause or procure to be put, pressed, paeked, or to the same rteaned into any butt, pipe, hogshead, chert, or any other cask penalties a or vcuel, upon any pretence whatsoever, contrary to the true in cr8 tent and meaning of this act, every person or persons so offending, and all person and persons aiding and a flirting in such paeking, shall, over and above the penalties and forfeitures before mentioned, be subject and liable to the same pains and penalties as are herein before directed to be inflicted upon exporters of wool; and the court and justices by and before whom such person or persons shall be tried and convicted, shall and hereby have power and authority to punish every such offender accordingly: provided always, That in case any person or persons who may perfvuvs assist have assisted in such illegal package shall, before hit, her, or inginfuchil their being apprehended for the same, appear before any of his ]e] package, Majesty's justices of the peace, and then and there make a true ^imn onhc discovery of the master packer, and other the persons concerned matter packer, in such illegal package, so that he, she, or they may be prose etc.; ormaster cuted toconviction, then the person or persons giving such in packer, etc. formation shall not be liabloto the pains and penalties aforesaid, tjj^yinputy and, on the conviction of such offender or offenders, shall be era, to be erf entitled to the wool, or other the woollen or worded articles titled ta the so packed: provided always, That in case the master packer, or wool, any person or persons assisting in such package, shall, before any information shall be taken against him, her, or them therein, discover to any justice of the peace the name or names of the person or persons by whom he, she, or they was or were employed to pack or press tthe same, so that such person or persons, by whom he, she, or they, was or were employed, may be prosecuted to conviction for the same, then fuclv master packer, or the person or persons who shall give such information, (hajv not be liable to the pains*and penalties aforesaid, and (halt be entitled to the wool, or other the woollen or worded articles so font to be paeked, and the person or persons directing*. such wool, and the!em or qth^r the aforesaid woollen or worsted article, so to be*pack ployers to be

g24 iia>ie to ther

0 T penalties on

44 6

exporters of woqi.

Wharfingers to enter into bond not illegally to ship wool, and

to' keep an account of wool, etc.

Penalty on re fusing to giyi bond, or to keep an account of wool, etc.

ir for suffer. ing it to be illegally shipped.

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 3*.

CD shall, on conviduon for the same, be liable to and I fer the pains and penalties herein before directed to bej on exporters of wool.

XXXII. And whereas great quantities of wool are fn ing at the public wharves in different parts of Great Brn wool being under no control of the commfftoners of the their officers, evil disposed personi may in the night time put on board vejftls ready for feeding to foreign parts j and edfo taftsy where wool is regularly entered to be put on beard viffil coajlwaysy it is easy to put on board such vffels in the \?sgbti larger number of packs of wool than have been duly enim that purpose, and which, by being concealed under such packs i been duly entered, cannot easily be discoveredf and which after the said ship has proceeded someway on her intended put on board other vessels bound to foreign parts: for remedy f of, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That everyt and persons who shall keep any wharf for the reception < in or at any port in Great Britain shall, within six mot the passing of this act, and every person and persons < hereafter keep any such wharf shall within one month 1 he, she, or they shall begin to keep the same, enter intoi to the use of the king's majesty, his heirs and successors, i penalty of two hundred pounds, and which shall be dp with the of of his majesty's customs at the j f oniony that no part of the wool which shall be lodged! posited with him, her, or them, shall, with his, her, privity or cpnsent, be illegally put on board any Chip car and such wharfinger shall also keep a regular emry and 1 of the quantity of bags or clothes of wool by them received! livered, the time when, and the names and refidcncc oft fons from whom such wool was so received, and to wh wool was so delivered, with the marks and numbers sheets, and weight of such wool, a copy of which be by him, her, or them delivered to the principal the custotps at 'he port at which such wharfinger (I at the end of every six moqths, and oftener if the same (

- required by such officer: and if any wharfinger shall refuki ter into such bond as aforesaid, within the said respective.l he, she, or they so refuting, shall forfeit and pay the fumf hundred pounds to the person or persons who shall (ucf same; and in case such wharfinger shall refuse to keeps liver such account, or shall be convicted of keeping or < ing a false account, pvery such wharfinger shall, for every! offence, forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds, to be j the person or persons who shall sue for the same; and m if such wharfinger shall at any time knowingly permit any such wool to be put on board any ship or vessel, oth that) according to the directions in this at contained, then I wharfinger, and also all and every person and persons wh4 be aiding and affiftipg therein, shall on convicfton be fufc$edi fiable to the pains and penalties herein before enacted \

shall i

1788.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 38. 447

tie exporters of woo); and any person giving information, so Informers to is abate such wharfinger, person and persons, or any of them, I entitled to nay be conviaed, every such informer shall be entitled to the 40*um of forty pounds, which sum shall be paid to such informer y the of of his majesty's customs immediately after uctx ccraviaion.

JCXXIIU And be it further enacted, That every person and Wharfingers persons keeping a wharf at which any wool shall be lodged or re to giictant ceiled shall, and he, (he, and they is and are hereby required, r officer within seven days next after he, she, or they shall receive any of the quan wool at such wharf by land carriage, or by inland navigation, tityofwool to transmit or deliver a note in writing, signed by the owner of received, on such wharf, or his, her, or their agent, which shall certify and pena tyofl acknowledge the quantity of wool so received, and the number of fiieets in which the (amt is contained, to the customer or comptroller at the port at which such wharf shall be kept, in case there shall hpppen to be at such port or place any such officer, and for want thereof, to such other officer of the customs.(if any) as shall happen to be stationed at such port or place, upon pain of forfeiting, for every neglea, the sum of ten pounds to any person or persons who shall sue for the same.

XXXIV. Andy the better to prevent any fraudulent exportation of wool) woolfehy mortlingsy shortlingsy combed wool woolflocks, or waolien bay yam, worsted yarn, cruelty or wool slightly manufactured, end which are hereby prohibited from being exported, under the pretence of carrying the same coastwise in the kingdom of Great Britain 5 be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no wool, Regulations or any other the last before enumerated articles, and which are^or^'pping hereby prohibited from being exported, shall be pu on board carried any ship, vessel, or boat, to be carried coastwise, or from one coastwise port in Great Britain to another, unless notice be first given to the of or chief managers of the customs, or to the customer, or colleaor and comptroller of the customs at the port. from which the same is intended to be sent, of the quantity, quality, and package, together with the marks, numbers, and weight thereof, with the name of the ship, and master or commander, on board of which the said goods are to be laden, together with the name or names of the owner or owners of the said goods, and the place of his or their abode or habitation, and the place and port at which the same are intended to be landed, and the names of the person or persons to whom the same are consigned; also unless a bond be first entered into to the use of the king's majesty, his heirs and successors, by two good and sufficient persons, in treble the value of the said goods so intended to be carried coastwise, that the same (bill (the danger of the seas excepted) be landed accordingly, which said bond shall be executed by the owner or owners of the said goods, or some person or persons by him, her, or them appointed to execute the same, and which execution shall be deemed to be the a A of such owner or owners, or (hipper or (hippers thereof; which id (hipper or (hippers, if aaing as agent, or having sold such

448 Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 38. [1788.

goods to any person or persons, shall and may sue for and 1*4 cover, of and from the proprietor or proprietors of the goo

so shipped, all such sum and sums of money as such (Upper shippers shall or may pay, expend, or be put unto withouttheifl wilful default or negligence, for or by reason of his, her, ft their entering into such bond or bonds; and in case anyfeckj bond or bonds shall be so entered into for any wool, or any other the lad herein before enumerated articles, being the property different persons, then such owner or owners, or person or persons for whose account such bond was so entered into, flkad W accountable for his, her, or their share of the money so expend ed, in proportion to the amount of such goods so shipped; aol also unless a licence be first taken out under the hands of the of or chief managers of the customs for the timefac ing, or any three of them, or from the customer, or collector and comptroller of the customs where any such bond is gjwa, for the lacting, carrying, and landing thereof as aforesaid, which licence they are hereby required to grant without any fee or reward, or any other charge, to the person. demanding the same, any law, Statute, or usage to the contrary in anywise notwitfc* If wool, etc. (landing; and if any wool, or other of the said last mentioned b?not shipped goods shall be earned or laden on board any ship, vessel, bar coastwtfe lom or kar' n order to be carried coastwise, or from one port to according to another, before such bond shall be enteredinto, and such licence this act, to taken out as aforesaid, and before all the directions in this act t ./orfeited made to prevent the exportation thereof shall be fully and duly CTC " complied with, then all such wool, and other such last oienoon* CD articles, and which are hereby prohibited from being exported, or the value thereof, shall be forfeited, together with (ho ship, veffd, bottom, or boat, in which such goods shall be so laden or put on board, and all the guns, ammunition, tackle, apparel, and furniture, of or belonging to such ship, vessel, bottom, or boat, for the benefit of the person or persons first informing thereof.

XXXV. And whereas in that part (/'Great Britain tailed Scotland, there are a great many lochs or inlets of the seato and open which it may be unavoidably tiecessary to carry wool, and other the soil enumerated articles, from one part of the coajl of such lochs or inlets te another part of the coajls of the same lochs or inlets, respectivtlj, board boats or others vessels; and that there are also, adjacent tube coajls of Scotland, a great many islands from whence tvool, the produce of the said islands, mufl neccjfarily be brought to the moin'mitf Scotland, or be carried from such mainland to the said islands, bykoti Wool, etc. or other vessels; be it therefore enacted, That the carrying, hip waybeearned ping, or landing of wool, and other the said enumerated article, 3 10ntent or purposes aforesaid, only to or in such lochs or the lochs or inlets, or from such islands to the mainland of Scotland, or from fro.oifunjfcto.such mainland to such islands. not be deemed or taken to the mainland, carrying, shipping, or landing of wool, or other the said in bco. an, arl; cies> for the purpose of carrying the same coastwise; nor shall the carrying, (hippipg, or landing of such wool, or other the said

449

1788.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 38.

id herein before enumerated articles, to or in such lochs or ftete, or from such Ulands to the mainland of Scotland, or from eh mainland to such islands, for such intent or purposes as bresaid only, be subject or liable to the restrictions or regula ons herein contained, respecting the carrying, shipping, anti nding of wool, and other the said articles intended to be cared coastwise, anything herein contained to the contrary thereof any wise notwithstanding: provided nevertheless, that nothing but not to sin, eran contained shall authorise the carrying such wool, or any (her the said articles, to open sea, save as aforesaid, but under tjonsotthis ich restrictions and regulations as are herein for that purpose aft. mentioned and expressfed.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaids 'That when any wool, woolfels, mortlings, (hording, Customer at ombed wool, ytoolflocks, woollen or bay yarn, worsted yarn, the port ot ruels, or wool (lightly manufactured, shall be shipped to be pro

anried coastwise under the authority of this act, the customer, per notice to n collector and comptroller of his majesty's customs at the port the officer at from whence such goods shall have been shipped, shall, imme the port for diately on the clearance of such ship at such port, transmit a no ^ctahffiipped# rice in writing, felting forth the quantity, quality, and package to forfeit lol! of such wool, or other the said last mentioned articles, together with the marks and numbers thereof, with the name of the ship m which the same shall be shipped, and of the matter or commander thereof, to the customer or collector and comptroller of the bort to which such wool, and other the said last mentioned artides, are intended to be conveyed, under the penalty of ten pounds, to be paid by the officer neglecting to transmit such notice, which said penalty shall be paid to the person who shall.

inform against such officer; and that the bonds herein before onffifpoing' directed to be entered into on the shipping of the said wool, and wool, C to other the said last mentioned articles, shall not be discharged until be discharged a certificate, under the hand and seal of the customer, or collector by a certifi and comptroller of the port or place in Great Britain where the ^ffice^r at\he same were landed, expressing the quantity, quality, and pack port of land age, marks, numbers, name of the ship and matter, out pfing; which such wool, and other the said last mentioned articles, were fended, shall be produced to and left with the person or persons in whose possession such bond shall be kept, at the customhouse of the port from whence the said wool, and other the said last mentioned articles, were shipped, ind which certificate the said which he is to customer, or colletftor and comptroller of the said port at which office^at the such wool, and other the said last mentioned articles, shall be port of hip landed, is hereby requirod to transmit to the customer, collector, ping within 7 and comptroller at the port from whence the same were shipped, X ? within the space of seven days next after the landing thereof, nd ty 0 IO*under the penalty of ten pounds, to be paid by the officer neglecting to transmit such certificate to the person or persons who shall inform against such officer; and the said customer, or col Certificate of ledlor and comptroller at the port at which such wool, or other the said last mentioned articles, shall be landed, shall also grant rerofthevef

and fel,

45

Notice of wool not landed in a reasonable time to be sent to the officer at the port of hip ptng, wty> to inquire how it has

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III.' a 38. [stand

deliver another certificate of such landing to the commanders of the ship or vessel from which the same fealf|| Bonds notdif landed, without fee or reward, when the same shall be reqimm charged in six e(j and that all such bonds as shall remain undischarged by Ml sent tole* certi<icate fr Pace f calendar months, shall be tomj^l commission mitted to the commissioners of the customs at */*, who ersofeuftoros. hereby required to put them in suit immediately; and

wool, or other the said articles mentioned in such notices, not be landed at the port to which the same were consigned in a reasonable time for that purpose, then the customer, C ledtor and comptroller at the port to which the same wt censed to be sent, shall transmit a notice thereof to the custdtgfifc or collector and comptroller at the port from whence stich wtiw or other articles were shipped, in order that proper inquiry ngjht be immediately made in what manner the same have bem posed of or delivered, and which inquiry the said customer^disposed collector and comptroller, is and are hereby required Co of without delay.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority Wool, etc. said, That no wool or any other the said hereinbefore ec ^ptt"rparts rated woollen or worsted articles, fullers earth, fulling clay, fratobe for ^bacco pipe clay, shall be put on board any ship, vessel, or b feited, and the bound to parts beyond the season any pretence whadootcr, vessela. der the penalty of forfeiture, for the benefit of the person or Tonnes who shall inform thereof, of all such goods, and al such ship, vessel, bottom, or boat, on which such goods be so laden or put on board, and all the guns, ammunttkflb tackle, apparel, and furniture belonging to such ship, vessel Matters to be bottom, or boat, and moreover the master or commander of fiscal subjra to the ftjjp or vessel, bottom, or boat, shall in such case be deemed A ccpt they dif exporter thereof, and shall be subject and liable to the paiotattfl.

penalties in such case made and provided, unless such master or commander shall and do, immediately upon his being appro hended, discover and make known the person or perfboa who actually shipped such goods, and enter into a recognisance witk two sufficient sureties, before some justice of the peace for the county, city, borough, or place, in or at which suchlaft mentioned goods shall be discovered, to prosecute and give evidence against such (hipper, so that he may be convicted thereof.

XXX

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That urr? "clear noth'ns n t^lc a^ove exception contained shall extend to the ed ou^to so matters or commanders of ships or vessels not regularly deared reign Darts, out to, foreign parts, but that if any wool or other the said Ia

as well as all mentioned goods, shall be discovered on board any such shipor

rin pdivy vefre1' and where

no such clearance can be exhibited, then and trauatf inn m ^uctl ca^e rie maeror commander of such ship or vessel ftudl to be liable'to be deemed the (hipper of such goods, and such master or com the same mander, and also all and every person and persons on board any

penalties as fuc|1 or vessel, knowing of any such illicit transadiion, Thall

be liable tct the pains and penalties herein before enabled against the exporters of wool: provided also, That in calc any person

or

cept they cover the (bippers.

Matters of

exporters of wool.

s

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 38. 451

flk on board any ship not regularly cleared out to foreign ^hker than the master or commander thereof, shall, im mfen his or their being apprehended, give information, Informers to srmptfe master or commander may be convicted, or the ship be iatitled to i^epftndemned, every such person and persons so informing Pi

Mbe liable to any pains or penalties to which he or they -jpfcerwife be liable, and shall also be entitled to a reward ^ft^bends, which reward shall be paid to such informer or the of of his majesty's customs imme after such convicuon.

XIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That Matter of vef g in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to tels or driver to prevent evidence from being received, in any suit or hearts, etc. nation brought for the forfeiture of any vessel bound epaft fm Smiilh -- or to foreign parts, which shall have been regularly clear ment, if it is 't, and also the guns, ammunition, tackle, apparel, and proved from jre thereto belonging, for or on account of any wool, or thefmallnck her the said herein before enumerated articles, and which thither reby prohibited from being exported, which shall be found were not privy covered on board any such vessel so regularly cleared out, to wool, etc.

the forfeitue of any other ship or vessel, other than such as C in tlkrir xnot have been regularly cleared out, or for the forfeiture of vc C ctc "iggon, cart, carriage, horses, or other bead of burden,

nor whereupon any wool, or any other the said herein e enumerated articles, shall belaid, or which shall be carry

- the same, or in any prosecution which shall be ht against the master or commander of such vessel, owner iver of such wagon, cart, carriage, horse, or other beast rthen, in order to shew, from the smallness of the quantity C said wool, or other the said articles, that the same were: ard such vessel, or within such wagon, cart, or carriage, on such horse or beast of burden, without the knowledge nvity of the owner or of the master or ocher person hav he charge or command of such vessel, or the care of such on, cart, carriage, horse, or other beast of burden, and out any wilful neglect, or want ofreasonable care in thedif, C of the duty of such owner, master, or other person hav ae charge or command of such ship or vessel, or the care of wagon, cart, carriage, horse, or other beast of burden; in every such case where proof shall be made, from the small of the quantity of wool, or other the said articles, and other mstances, that such small quantity was on board such vef or within such wagon, cart, or carriage, or upon such. beast of burden, without the knowledge, privity, or nt either of the owner, or the master, or other person hav ?he charge or command of such ship or vessel, or the care of wagon, cart, carriage, horse, or other beast of burden, without any wilful neglect, or want of reasonable care, er in the owner, or in the master or other person having the Igr or command of such ship or vessel, or the care of such gpo cart, carriage, horse, or other beast of burden, iben,

Mri and

byxjock^lc

45 2

but the wool, etc. to be forfeited.

Port officer to keep a register of allwool, etc fentcoaft wise, and to send a copy half yearly to the commis. tionera of customs.

The register at the customhouse in London to be inspected for m. and a copy of it transmitted annually to every customhouse.

If wool slipped to be carried coastwise be unpaeked, the mailer of the vessel to forfeit 408. for each bag.

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 38.

[1

and in every such case, such owner, matter, or commandant crew, on board such ship or vessel, person or persons - punished, nor shall such ship or vessel, ammunition, apparel, or furniture belonging thereto, or such wagged, or other carriage, horse, or other beast of burden, be*for or on account of such small quantity of wool, or oti said herein before enumerated articles, having been found covered on board of such ship or vessel, or within such cart, or other carriage, or upon such horse or other burden.

XL. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the rity aforesaid, That the wool, and other the said herein enumerated articles, hereby prohibited from being C which shall be found on board any such ship or vessel or such wagon, cart, or carriage, or upon such horse or burden, shall be forfeited to the person or persons who. find, discover, and seize the same.

XLI. And be it further enacted by the authority That a register of all wool, and other the articles before merated, and sent coastwise, with the quantity, quality, package thereof, the name of the ship and matter, the the (hipper or (hippers of such goods, and the name or of the person or persons to whom the same shall be oonfiguad, and his or their place of abode, and also a register of the retan of the landing of the wool or other articles so shipped, (hadte kept by the customer, or collector or comptroller at each part, and a copy thereof shall be transmitted once in every (Utiariii to the of of his majesty's customs at the pact of London, there to be registered in a book to be kept at theeef* tom house, by some person or persons to be by the said of appointed for that purpose, and which register andrt gifters shall at all seasonable times be inspected, on paymentot the sum of one shilling by any person or persons whomsoeve*, on application for that purpose; and a printed copy of suchie gifter shall, within sixty days next after the end of each year, be transmitted by the of of his majesty's customs at the said port of London to the respective custom houfos within Ibis kingdom, and which said copies so transoiitted shall be inspe&ri by any person, on payment of the like see in manner aforesaid, upon application for that purpose.

XLII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no matter or commander of any ship or vessel, who (hah ship or load any wool to be carried coastwise, shall, at any time, uqder any pretence whatsoever, unpack, or permit, or suffer to bean paeked, any wool to him delivered, (except by or through sb solute necessity, of which necessity such matter or commander shall make oath in writing before one of his majesty's justicesot the peace, on his arrival at the port to which fych wool shall be consigned), upon pain of forfeiting, for every bag so unpaeked, the sum of forty Shillings to the owner or owners proprietor proprietors of such wool.

1788.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 38. 453

XLIII. Andy for the better preventing offrauds in the collusive tending of any wool, or woollen or worsted yarn, or in the hipping or tending any of the several articles herein before enumerated, carried toafhoise; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Wool. etc. none of the said articles carried coastwise shall be hipped or carried coast knded, but in the presence of the proper officers appointed to attend the same, nor at any other place or places than the law landed in the lul quays let out in the manner prescribed by the alt of frauds presence of an yzfled in the fourteenth year of King Charles the Second, for officer, and at England, Wales y and Berwick upon Tweed, and by the alt passed Jf*

in the sixth year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, forfeiture of for settling a court of exchequer in Scotland for that part of the the wool, and united kingdom, or at such other wharves or places as the com 3* for every smflioners of the customs, or any three of them (and which they are hereby empowered to do) shall from time to time, by writing under their hands, appoint for that purpose (such appointment to continue in force until they shall revoke the same) without special sufferance and leave had and obtained from the commissioners or principal officers of the customs, upon pain of forfeiting the said wool, or other articles, or the value thereof, and three Shillings for every pound weight of such wool, or other articles, to be paid, by the person or persons concerned in such unlawful shipping or landing, to the person or persons who shall inform thereof.

XLIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all cocquets for carrying wool, or any other the aforesaid Cocquets and articles, from any port within the kingdom of Great Britain, or n

the iftes aforesaid, shall be written on paper, and not parch pap^rn. cn oa ment and signed by three or more of the chief officers of such V9refpdtive ports, and all certificates of landing the same again, in any other of the said ports, shall be written upon paper only, and signed in like manner; and that all such wool, and other the weight, the aforesaid articles, both at shipping and landing, shall be0 * weighed in the presence of the said officers giving such cocquets piri wand certificates respectively, and that the exall weight, marks, them, and numbers, of such wool, and other the aforesaid articles, so shipped and landed, shall be likewise particularly expressed in the said cocquets and certificates respectively, and written therein, without any obliteration, erasure, or interlineation whatsoever.

XLV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That act and every person or persons who by way of insurance, persons infur or otherfcife, shall undertake or agree that any sheep, wool, or ing thecon any other of the articles herein before enumerated, shall be car to

ried or conveyed to any parts beyond the seas, from any port or foreign part, place whatsoever within this kingdom, contrary to the true in liable to the tent and meaning of this all, or in pursuance of such insurance, same penalties undertaking, or agreement, shall deliver, or cause or procure ^woot^and to be delivered, any sheep, wool, or any of the said articles, in '

any parts beyond the seas, such person or persons, and all and every their aiders, abettors, and assistants, shall, upon his and

their

persons paying for such insurance, liable to the

the articles insured

Any person concerned in such insurance giving information to the com mifttoners of the customs, to have the

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 38. [1788.

their convdion, be liable to be punched in the same mamn||b is herein before directed with respect to the exporters of woqt

XLVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefii|^ That all and every person and persons whosoever, who (hills

Or agree to pay any sum or sums of money for the infusing, veying, or exporting any sheep, wool, or other the articles hke*penalties, by prohibited from being exported, contrary to the true II and to forfeit and meaning of this act, shall, upon his and their conv* be liable to be punished in manner as herein before directed speding the exporters of sheep or wools and moreover, fm/k sheep, wool, or articles aforesaid, which shall be so insured, 4b|b become forfeited to the person or persons who shall foe for At same.,

XL

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority afordsm, That in case the insurer, conveyor, or manager of or in fatfc fraud, or the person or persons agreeing to insure, convener manage therein, do and shall, within the space of six mond after such transaction or agreement, first give notice thereof It the commissioners of the customs in Great Britain for the Ih being, so as the person or persons concerned with him, her, t^cm in such offence be convicted thereof, he, she, or they fe ihcep!&c!orif 6rft making such discovery, shall not only be clearly acquitted the informant and discharged of such offence, and from the pumthment to be insured, to which he, she, or they is of are liable by reason thereof, but t^premium a have, to his, her, or their own use, such sheep, wpoi, etc.*and other the articles herein enumerated, and which shall be

insured, after the charges of prosecution are dedudet), and shall likewise retain and enjoy, to his, her, and their own use she insurance money or reward given or paid to him, her, or them therein; and in case the party or parties insured shall, within the like space of six months, first make discovery thereof to the said of of the customs, so as the person or persons concerned with him, her, or them in such offence, hallbecoa vided thereof, he, she, or they so first discovering, shall recover and receive back such insurance money or premium as he, she, or they have or hath paid upon such insurance or agreement; and in case the said insurance money or premium shall not at the time of such discovery be actually paid, then the person or per'so first discovering is and are hereby saved harmless and indemnified from paying the same, or any part thereof, and all and every the agreement or agreements entered into for paying such moneys is and are hereby declared to be null and void, and the person and persons so first discovering shall also be dearly acquitted and discharged of and from the punishment hereby directed to be infii&ed upon him, her, or them, and to which he, she, or they would have been otherwise liable.

XLVIII. And whereat policies af insurance are commonly made m goods and merchandizes, as well as on ships and vessels, wherein the insurer undertakes, in confederation of a premium given him by the af fund, to bear all the risk and hazard of the voyage, and it is generally unknown to the insurers whit sort of goods and merchandizes are

1788.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 38. 455

laden on board any ship or vessel; whereby it frequently may happen that insurances may be made on wool or woollen yarn, or other the articles hereby prohibited to be exported, to be carried from Great Britain to foreign parts, as well as on the ships or vessels having # board such wool woollen yarn, or other*articles: and whereas the distouraging of all such insurances may be a means to prevent the Jrmgdulent exportation of futb wool, woollen and worjied yarn, end aether the aid herein before enumerated articles; be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all policies of Policies of in igfurance which shall be made on goods and merchandizes vom^ifr made laden or to be laden on any ship or vessel bound from Great onvooljetc? Britain to foreign parts, which shall afterwards appear to be to foreign*iool, woollen or worded yarn, or any of the before enume parts, rated articles hereby prohibited from being exported, shall be deemed and taken to be null and void, notwithstanding any words or agreement whatsoever which shall be inserted in any such policy of insurance, and nothing shall be recovered by the allured from the insurer for loss or damage, or for the premium which shall have been given as the consideration for in faring such wool, woollen or worded yarn, or such other articles; any law, cudom, or usage, to the contrary not with fta "

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the mader or commander, or any Comnwiderj, other commissioned or deputed officer of any of his majesty's * king's ships or (loops, in any port, creek, or road, or in the open tcffd8andc Teas, within the limits of the dation which shall be assigned fcize such as to any such ships or Hoops, and he is hereby required to enter bavefoeep, and (earch, or cause to be entered and searched, any ship, vef ct.c*on>zrd fel, or boat, and if upon such search any sheep, wool, or anyqcut a L other of the said articles hereby prohibited from being exported, shall be found therein, and the mader or commander of such ship, vessel, or boat, shall not immediately produce to the commander of such ship or Hoop a lawful cocquet or warrant, licensing such articles to be carried coastwise, or to the said isles, or same of them, such commander is hereby directed to take and seize such ship, vessel, or beat, and to carry the same, together with the crew and cargo thereof, into some port in Great Britain, and there deliver the same into the custody of the collector and comptroller of such port.

L And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all the wool, and other the said articles hereby prohibit Wool, etc. ed from being exported, found on board any ship, vessel, or boat, contrary to the intent and meaning of this af, and which are hereby declared to be forfeited, and which shall have warehouse8 been so seized by any of his majesty's ships or (loops, shall be till condemn lodged in the king's warehouse in such port where the famecc*i shall be taken or seized, or into which the dune shall be brought, until condemned according to law, and being so con wool, etc.

snil te,

such wool and other such articles shall be exposed to

publick.lv to sale, after sixty days public notice being given in 1 '

by.

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 38.

[178?*

writing at the custorti house of the said port, and on the Rfjfl Exchange of London, by inch of candle, to the last and best bu der, and all ships, vessels, or boats, that shall be so fazej^ and which are hereby declared to be forfeited, and which (bdl be condemned as aforesaid, shall, together with all their gopt^ tackle, furniture, and apparel, be exposed to sale in like mzqp and the pro ner, and the produce of the wool, or such aforesaid articles dace divided ships, vessels, or boats, so sold as aforesaid, after dedujtfqg mentioned. expenses an charges of the prosecution and condemnation shall be divided in manner following, (that is to say); 00^ thiftd part thereof to the commander or commanders, m.p. third part to the officers of the ship or ships, (loop or Hoops that took the same, and the remaining third part to the qmfir f ners belonging to such ship or ships, (loop or Hoops, to bt

equally divided and paid amongst the said mariners, by tfii, collectors of the said port, or such person or persons as (Ml be authorised to pay the same; and t^iat if fuclr feizore Hal be made upon the information of any person or persons Ml being a mariner on board any such ship or Hoop so appointed cruise, such informer or informers shall not only be indemnified from the pains, penalties, and forfeitures, to which exporten of the said prohibited articles, their aiders and abettors, are liable, but shall also receive one third part of the produce of such sale or Tales, after deducting the expenses attending the lam and the residue thereof shall be divided and distributed in manner as is before directed.

LI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Penalty on That every commander of such ship or (loop neglecting his Cf nandcr8 duty by this act required, shall lose and forfeit all pay and )eaing\hcr wascs due to him or them, and suffer six months impflruoa duty. ment and be for ever incapable of serving his Majesty in aoy

Informers of office in the navy, customs, excise, nr salt duties; and that any such ne^lefl person or persons giving information against any such com to be paid 40l. mander for neglecting his duty shall, on the conviction of such offender or offenders, be entitled to receive and have the (bo - of forty pounds, to be paid to such informer immediately after such conviction, by the commissioners of the customs, excise, or salt duties, or other his majesty's revenue as herein after mentioned, with respect to forfeitures incurred by persons unable $0 pay the same.

[no person,

LII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in order to prevent collusive feiznra fice^ohhe^ anc agreements ad fraudulent practises, whereby the penal customs, etc. es and forfeitures inflicted by this act may be evacted, it shall to seize theep, not be lawful for any person or persons, except an officer of etc. without a his majesty's customs, excise, or salt duties, who shall have constable. cause to suspect that any sheep, wool, or any of the before enumerated articles, 'and which are hereby prohibited from being exported, is or are carrying or conveying, contrary to the directions and true intent and meaning of this act, to examine or seize such sheep, wool, and other the said enumerated articles,

1788.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 38.

cks other than together and in company with a constable, or other officer of the peace, who are hereby required on application being made to him or them, immediately to attend the person or persons applying for such assistance; anything hereinbefore contained to the contrary thereof in'any wise notwithstanding.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That if any constable or other officer of the peace, of if any officer of his majesty's customs, excise, or salt duties, upon application being made to him for that purpose, shall neglect or refuse to attend any person or persons who shall make such application, or shall neg le his duty in the premises, every such constable, or other officer of the peace, and officer of his majesty's customs, excise, or salt duties, shall forfeit and pay for every such offence the sum of twenty pounds, one moiety whereof, when recovered and after deducing the costs and charges of recovering the lame, shall go to the person or persons suing for the same, and the other moiety thereof to the use of the poor of the parish of place where the offence shall have been committed: provided always, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to take away the power hereby given to the commanders and officers of his Majesty Vships of war, or armed sloops, to take and seize any ship, vessel, or boat, having therein any sheep, wool, or other the said enumerated articles, the matter or commander whereof shall not produce any such cocquet or warrant as aforesaid.

LIV. And, to prevent any dispute relating to the authority of any person or persons cuing as an officer or as officers of the customs, excise, er salt duties in this kingdom, for putting in execution this act, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every per ibn who, by deputation, commission, or other instrument, under the hands and seals of the commissioners of the customs, exetfe, or salt duties in this kingdom, or the ides aforesaid respectively, shall be appointed to at as an officer or servant under them for putting this act in execution, shall be esteemed an officer of the customs, excise, or salt duties respectively, to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

LV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any officer of the revenue, or other person or persons shall, directly or indirectly, make any collusive seizure or information of any of the said articles hereby prohibited from being exported, or any fraudulent or collusive agreement whatio soever, whereby the owner or claimer thereof, their agents or Servants, or any offender, or offenders against this act, may avoid the forfeitures, punishments, and penalties, or any part thereof, incurred or inflicted by this act, he, (he, and they shall, upon conviction, be subject to the like penalties as are herein before directed to be incurred by the exporters of wool 5 and every such information and seizure, and all the proceedings thereupon had, shall be and are hereby declared to be for the benefit only of the person or persons (not being an accomplice H h 2 or

457

Constables, etc. neglecting their duty to forfeit 20l.

frothing in this act to take away the power given to commanders of kinv's ships to seize vessela, call

persons acting under the authority of the commissioners of customs, C to e deemed their officers.

Persons making collusive Seizures, See. to be subject to the like penalties as exporters of wool.

and the Seizures, See. to be to the person discover

458 Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 38. [1788.

in? the collu or accomplices) who shall first discover such collusive irifonm fion tien and seizure: provided nevertheless, That any person wlwfr.

Any person soever, concerned in any such collusive or fraudulent feizntv fi?ch?ouu, n agreement, who shall first discover such his offence to the cm lion, making missioner of the customs for the time being, shall be cieaifc the first difeo acquitted and di Charged thereof, provided he makes such very thereof, covery within the space of three months after the offence ba ted C acquit have been committed, and so as any one or more of his and if not a complices therein be convicted thereof; and if such person HA revenue offi making such discovery as aforesaid, within the time aforefim, err or owner be not an officer of his majesty's revenue, or owner of tlfc of the goods, goods, he or she shall, as a further encouragement for mafchie to have 40. |uch discovery, have and receive, to his and her own ofeam benefit, the sum of forty pounds, the same to be paid by A of of the customs on the conviction or convictions

Person9 of

this act to be transported.

of such offender or offenders.

LVI And) for the more tjfcfiual putting this act in executim^ be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if nay one hi the ex person or persons whosoever, putting this ain execution, ecution of shall be hindered, opposed, obstructed, molested, wounded, or beaten, in seizing or attempting to seize any sheep, wool, wool fels, woolflocks, mortlings, shortlings, or any other speciet of goods before enumerated, by any person or persons whomsoever, either in the day or night, by land or water, 0m1 were intended to be exported, or which were carrying onboard any ship or vessel contrary to this act, the person or periods who shall so hinder, oppose, obstruct, molest, wound, or beat, any such person or persons in the making, or attempting to make, such seizures as aforesaid, and also all and every other person for persons whatsoever, being armed with offensive arms or weapons, 'or wearing any vizard, mask, or other disguise, who shall refeue, 'or attempt to refeue, any sheep, wool, or other the goods aforesaid, which shall have been seized according to the directions of this act, every such person or persons that shall be convicted of any of the said offences shall, by order of the court before whom fuel; offender or offenders shall be convicted, be transported to some place beyond the seas for such term. as such court shall think fit, not exceeding seven years 5 and if any such offender or offenders shall return into Great Britain before the expiration of the time for which he, she, or they shall be so transported, contrary to the intent and meaning hereof, he, she, or they, so returning, and being duly convicted thereof, shall suffer as felons, and have execution awarded against them as persons attainted of felony, without benefit of clergy.

LVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Persons offer That if any person or persons whosoever shall offer or promise Ing bribes to to give any bribe, or recompense or reward whatsoever, to any evafiortof This cer or 'officers of the customs, excise, or salt duties, or to act to forfeit any p^son or persons whomsoever, to connive at, or permit jool. the exportation or the concealment of any sheep, wool, or

459

1788.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 3$.

other the articles hereby prohibited from being exported, or ffcc removing thereof, contrary to this act, or to conceal or wdoive at any other a whereby any of the provisions hereby Qtode may be evaded or broken, every such person or persons io offending shall, for every such offence (whether the same of proposal, or promise, be accepted or performed or not), ibffeit and pay the sum of three hundred pounds, to be recovered and applied ro the use of him, her, or them, who shall 3aarm or sue for the same, by aduon of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster* wherein no essoin, protection, or wager of law, or more tin one imparlance, shall be allowed.

LVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

"That every officer of his majesty's excise, customs, or salt du Officers of the negleaing the fluty by this act required, or compounding neg rifling fqr any (nip, vessel, sheep, wool, or other the articles herein their duty, to before mentioned, and which are by this act directed to be for fuflfer the same felted, shall be deemed aiders and abettors in the exportation punishmentas of sheep, wool, and other the articles aforesaid, which are here, by prohibited from being exported, and suffer the punishment herein enacted against the exporters thereof.

LIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all bonds taken, or to be taken, in Bonds not to pursuance of this act, shall not be chargeable with any of the be chargeable duties upon stamped vellum, parchment, or paper, any law duties" 1* or ftacute made, or to be made, to the contrary not with handing.

LX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all questions, prosecutions, suits, and informations, In all prose which shall happen to arise or be commenced, brought, sued, cutiof.r" e or prosecuted, between or against any person or persons ior any upon the de thing done or committed, or neglected to have been done, fondant, contrary to the directions, true intent, and meaning of this act, touching or concerning the sheep, wool, or other articles hereby prohibited from being exported, it shall not be necessary for the prosecutor, or person or persons commencing, bringing, or prosecuting any such suit, indictment, or information, nor shall he, she, or they, be obliged or required, upon any hearing or trial thereof, to prove that such sheep was or were of the breed of this kingdom, or that such wool was of the growth of this kingdom, but that without any such proof, upon every such hearing and trial, it shall be held, deemed, and taken, that such sheep was or were of the breed of this kingdom, and such wool of the growth of this kingdom, unless the contrary shall be proved by or on the part of the person or persons who shall happen to be defendant or defendants in or upon any such hearing or trial, any law or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Prosecutions all actions, suits, prosecutions, and information, to be had my be com jnd toomienced upon this, or upon the said recited act of the couno{n"y

h 3 nimh

nunster, etc.

460 Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 3$.

[1788.

cord at West mnth and tenth year of his late majesty King William the n.  Third, for or in respect of any offence or offences done committed against this or the said recited act, or for or in retpeft of any penalty or forfeiture in or by the said acts, or either of them, imposed or inflicted, shall and may be entered and ptffr fecuted (except where it is in this a otherwise directed) inwkf of his majesty's courts of record at wej1minster, or in the courtt of exchequer in Scotland, or in any court of oyer and termmerg great session, or gaol delivery, or at, the quarter sessions of tm peace, or before any two justices of the Reacts for any coomj^ city, or place in this kingdom, in a summary way, at the etoc* tien of the seizer or informer, wherein no esloth, protedtida* or wager of law, shall be allowed, or any moire than one imparlance.

LXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the afr> thorify aforesaid, That no prosecution or information (hah be had, commenced, brought, or proceeded upon, before ^nvfitmmary two such justices of the peace in a summary way, where the fa way for more zure, penalty, or forfeiture then claimed shall exceed, in tlfe than aool. whole, the sum of two hundred pounds.

LXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Justices to or That the said justices who shall be assembled at any such gen tobepuwfck ra cluarter cons of the peace, and also such aforesaid two

No Prosecution to be proceeded upon

epu ly sold, and penalties to be levied by distress.

How penalties are to be applied.'

justices, shall, and they are hereby empowered and required to order and direct all such ships, vessels, goods, carriage, and cattle, as shall be by them declared to be forfeited, and which shall have been seized by virtue of this or the said recited to be publicly sold to the highest bidder, at such time and place as they shall think proper and direct; and a Ho, by their order or warrant, to levy all and every the penalties and forfeiture which shall have been incurred by any offender or offenders against this or the said recited a, and akb all such costs as shall have been awarded upon any appeal touching the same, by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of such offender or offenders, rendering the overplus (if any) to the owner and owners of such goods and chattels, after deducting the reasonable charges of such distress and sale.

LXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That one clear moiety of the respective seizures, penalties, and forfeitures (except the penalties of the bonds) by this act directed lobe inflicted upon offenders against the same (except such as are by this act otherwise directed and applied) shall when recovered be paid and applied to such person or persons who shall give such information to any officer of his majesty's customs, excise,or salt duties, as may be the means of recovering the same; and that after deducing the expenses of recovering such penalties, the remainder of the other moiety shall be paid to the officer or officers assisting in making any such seizures; but that in case any officer or officers of his' majesty's customs, excise, or salt duties, shall make any of the seizures hereinbefore directed without information, then, after deducting the

1788.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 38. 461

expenses of recovery as aforesaid, the remainder of such produce shall be paid to the officer or officers seizing the same.

LXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, 'That it shall and may be lawful to and for any officer or Persons ex officers of his majesty's customs, excise, or salt duties, confta porting fhccp, bits, and other officer or officers of the peace, and for all per ^ed before* ions affing in their or any of their aid or assistance, to flop, justice, who arrest, and detain all and every the person and persons who may commit shall be found actually exporting or attempting to export, any them to gaol, (beep, wool, or any other the said herein before enumerated C articles, or who shall be aiding, abetting, or affixing in the exporting, or attempting to export the same, or any of them, and him, her, and them, to carry and convey before one or more of his majesty's justices of the peace near to the place where the offence shall be committed or done, and the justice or justices shall, if he or they see cause, commit the person or per tonnes so brought before him or them to the county gaol or house of correction until the next general quarter sessions of the peace to be held for the same county, riding, division, or place, there to be tried and dealt with as by this act is directed; and the justices at such sessions are hereby authorised and required to examine, hear, try, and determine all and every such offence and offences, and, upon conviction of the offender or offenders, to punish him, her, or them in manner herein before mentioned.

[persons con

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That the officer or officers, person or persons who shall convey any offender arrested veying offen by the authority of this act before any justice of the peace as aforesaid shall, in case such offender shall be committed to pri enter'into re son as aforesaid, enter into recognisance to his said Majesty, cognizances his heirs and successors, before such justice, in the sum of to prosecute. forty pounds, conditioned to appear at such general quarter sessions of the peace, and to prosecute the person or persons so committed.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That if it shall appear Where goods to the satisfaction of the justices before whom any offender or infiiffici* offenders shall be convicted of any of the offences herein be en .^nfwet^ fore mentioned, for which only a pecuniary penalty is hereby imposed, either by the confession of the party convicted, or by offender may the testitnony of a credible witness, that such offender or offen be commit ders have not nor hath goods or chattels sufficient to answer ted the penalty or penalties against him, her, or them recovered, then without giving any warrant for the purpose, or if such penalty or penalties cannot be wholly levied by virtue of the warrant or warrants which shall be for that purpose issued, the justices who shall have convicted such offender or offenders, or any other two justices of the same county, division, borough, 'town or place, upon proof thereof, shall and lawfully may commit every such offender or offenders to the common gaol or house of correction of the county or place in or for which such justjee pr justices shall then ad, there to remain, without bail

h 4 9f

462 Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 38. f ij9fkr

or mainprize, for any time not exceeding three calendar months, unless the whole of fitch penalty or penalties shall btf sooner paid

Justices may

LXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That' accept fccuri jf any offender ordered to be committed to prison under or bft rna^pcws* virtue of this act, for any offence for which a pecuniary penal ties P*ty alone is hereby imposed, shall, before his aftuafl commitment to prison, procure security, to be given by two sufficio^ sureties, to the satisfaction of the justices before whom he (half have been convicted, for payment of the penalty or penalties him incurred, with the charges incident to his convictioi^ within the space of fourteen days, exclusive of the day ofconvib* tien, then and in such case it shall and may be lawful for suck; justices to accept such security, and upon nonpayment thereof at the time stipulated for that purpose, it shall and may be lawful to and for the same justices, or any other two justices of fhk peace for the same county, division, or place, to cause the pal ty convicted, and his sureties, to be apprehended by warrant or warrants under his or their hands and seals, and them, and each and every of them, to commit to the common gaol or house of correction of the county, division, or place inorfoir which such justices shall act, for such space of time as the party convicted was subject and liable to have been imprisoned, iq case no such security had been given, unless such penalty and charges shall be sooner paid.

Appeals from laix. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if justices may any person or persons who shall be convicted of any of the of thenar ter ^ences n act herein before mentioned shall think himfidf iessions^on r themselves aggrieved by the judgement or determination of I two furetieg such justices of the peace, upon any complaint or information entering into brought or made before them, it shall and may be lawful to and recognizan for any such person or persons to appeal to the next general or cc8f quarter sessions of the peace to be held for the county, division,

or place in or for which such justice or justices shall have aftedi such person or persons giving, and being hereby required to give, within fourteen days then next after such conviction, notice in writing to the informer or informers of such appeal, and shall and do at the time of making such appeal, with two sufficient sureties, enter into recognizances before the same justice or justices of the peace, to appear and prosecute such appeal at the said general or quarter sessions, and abide by the order or determination of the same court, and to pay the costs and charges thereby awarded against such person or persons (if any); and every such appeal shall, by the said court of general or quarter sessions, be examined, and the circumstances of the case fully inquired into, and the matter heard and determined; and in case such judgement, determination, or conviction, so appealed against, shall be affirmed, the party so appealing shall pay unto the informer or informers double costs, to be ascertained by the order of the same court, and if the ap

LXX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That ia pdiant pay' -'case

1788.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 38. 463

afethe person or persons so appealing shall pay the penalty on the penalty, er any such conviction as aforesaid into the hands of the said jftfccs by way of depofir, or (halt be committed to prison, fur*ticj. jch person or persons shall and may appeal to the said general uarfer sessions, on hi or their entering (without sureties) into ach recognizances as herein before mentioned, and remaining n prison in the mean time, or depositing such penalty into the riuods of the said justices, there to remain until the merits of he said appeal shall be heard and determined.

ltxxi. And be it further enacted, That every information o be made under this act shall be made upon oath; and that Justices may t shall and may be lawful to and for the justice or justices be summon wit fore whom any complaint or information shall have been so nc" cs made, to summon before them, at the instance of either party,

person who shall, in their judgement, appear to be a northeast ceuiry witness for either or any of the said parties upon the said complaint or information, to appear before him or them, at a time and place to be specified in the summons 5 and the derfi>n so summoned shall appear at the time and place specir tied, and submit in all things to be examined as a witness in the premises.

LXXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any person or persons shall receive or take Penalty on re any greater fees for any sufferance, licence, or certificate, or ^" 1 e* matter herein directed, than the sum or see herein for mited sees, that purpose limited, the person or persons offending therein shall forfeit and pay to the party aggrieved, the sum of five Shillings for every one penny which shall be taken over and above the see hereby allowed to be taken, and soon after that proportion.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any person shall be prosecuted in any of his Persons pro majesty's courts of record at Westminster for any penalty in fc.cut5^..to purred by this act, a capias shall and may issue, the first: prog, vc 1*cess specifying the sum of the penalty sued for, and the person or persons so sued shall be obliged to give good and sufficient bail and security, by natural born subjects or denizens, to the officer serving or executing such process against him or them, to appear in the court out of which such capias shall issue, at the day of the return of such writ, to answer such suit or prosecution, and likewise shall, at the time of such appearance, give sufficient bail or security, by such persons as aforesaid, in the said court, to answer and pay the forfeitures and penalties incurred for such offence or offences, in case lie or they shall be convicted thereof, or to yield his or their bodies to prison.

LXXIV. Andy for the better and more impartial trials of all oflions and informations which shall be commenced or prosecuted by virtue of this be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Actions to be such actions and informations shall be tried in any of his Ma tried byajury jesty's courts of record, by a jury cf good and lawful freehold f athff*crent$

county fropi

464 Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 3$.

[17v.

that wherein ers, to be summoned out of any other county than that when the in the fact shall be committed.

committed. LXX V And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, pr&onedfor1* That any p^011 or persons shall be in prison for want of want of hail sufficient bail for any of the pecuniary penalties herein before refuse to plead inflicted, and shall refuse to appear or plead to a declaration to informati qt information to be delivered to such person or persons, or umjudge 6akr* or keeper, or turnkey of the prison, a the (ail nent to be prison, for any of the aforesaid penalties, for the space of one entered term, judgement shall be entered against him by default, against them.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority afore Where there said9 That if any person or persons, offender or offenders, mse^nyfeh^conv^ed fr any f the offences specified in this act, zure, oat of ln there shall happen to have been no seizure whereby the m which to reformer or prosecutor can be rewarded, then, and in such case, ward profecu^shall and may be lawful for the respective commissioneri of soncwof" cu^oms> excise, or salt duties, or other his majesty's re the revenue venue, and they are hereby respectively required to cause one torecom shilling per pound weight for all such of the said articles for pence them as which such offender or offenders shall be convicted, or the Aim herein men of forty pounds> n case the quantity cannot be known, to be nc*paid by the receiver-general of the revenue, under the management of the respective of, out of any publiefc money in his hands; and the money paid by any receiver-general, cathier, or other officer as aforesaid, shall be. accepted of and allowed in his account as so much money paid to his Mai jetty, and every such officer is and shall be hereby discharged thereof accordingly; any law, cuttom, or usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the autho profccntiona rity aforesaid, That no person or persons whatsoever shall atto be com any time hereafter be liable to be prosecuted for any offence, years' D 3 a matler* or thing done or committed contrary to this a, unless such prosecution shall be commenced within the space of three years next ensuing the offence committed.

LXX

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore the first three said. That the better to encourage persons to discover the CX prisons con porters of sheep, wool, or other the articles before enumerated, Sporting'and ^hich are hereby prohibited from being exported, the first fttcep, etc. three persons who shall have been aiding, abetting, or assisting not being the in carrying out or exporting of sheep, wool, or any of the said swfje" i who articles, wo shall give information thereof to any justice of thereof to be Pcacc kingdom, whereby the punishment and

exempted penalties appointed by this at may be ipflidted and recovered, from penal he party or parties so discovering (not being "owner or part tics; owner of the said sheep, wool, or other the articles as aforesaid)

shall not suffer any of the said penalties or punishments herein and also the before mentioned: provided always, That if any owner of any owner, etc. of ship or vessel, or any matter, commander, or mariner, or per tjje upon son aiding or assisting in loading any ship, vessel, or boat, herein mt n ns knowing of such exportation of sheep, wool, or of any the ar tioned. ' 1 ' lidw

1788.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 38. 465

cles before enumerated, and which are hereby prohibited from eusg exported, shall, within three months next after the riowledge thereof, or after hs return into the kingdom of Trout Britain, give the first information thereof before any of Mr barons of the court of exchequer for the time being, or be re the head officer of any port where he shall first arrive, or icfore any justice or justices of the peace, upon his or their rath, of the number and quantity of the said articles fb carried, xsnreyed, and transported, and by'whom, where, and in what ship or vessel, and shall enter into recognisance to his aid Majesty, his heirs and successors, with two sufficient cure ies^ before any justice of the peace, in the sum of forty pounds ch, personally to appear and give evidence of the same, then Rich owner and owners, matter, commander, mariner and mariners, or other person or persons so aiding oraffifting the rein, (had! not be liable to any of the penalties or forfeitures im this act contained or enacted for the offence a fore said, tfut (timl be, and is and are hereby enabled to recover and receive such behefit and advantage as is appointed to he received and allowed by this act oq conviaion of such offenders.

LXXIX. And whereas an act of parliament was passed in the hoenty third year of the reign of his majesty King Henry the Eighth,

For the windfog of wool, whereby it was enacted, That from 13 Heovl. thenceforth no manner of person or persons do wind, or cause to ho C 17* and wound, any fleece of wool being not sufficiently river ed or wafbed, mr wind, nor cause to be wound, within any fleece, day, lead, jhones, fond, tails, deceitful locks, cots, cals, cumber, lamvs wool, or any other thing, whereby the fleece might be made more weighty, to the deceit and loss of the buyer, upon pain the seller of any such deceitful wools to forfeit for every such fleece sixpence, the one moiety to the King, the other to the finder and prover of the same deceit, by action of debt, by original writ, bill, plaint, information, or otherwise, in any of the Kings courts, in which action, no wager of law, ejfinn, or protection, should be allowed for the defendant; and it was provided in and by the said act, that the same aft concerning rivering and wafting of any wool should not in anywise extend to any Jtire or tyres, ' the inhabitants whereof had not customably used before that time to river or wash their sheep afore they were shorn, nor should in anywise be hurtful or prejudicial to any person or persons that had used customably to sell their wools by tale or number of the fleece or fleeces, and not by weight, anything in the said act to the contrary notwithstanding which said Statute was made perpetual in and by another act of parliament, passed in the thirteenth year of her majesty >ueen Elizabeth, intituled An act for reviving and ijeliz. C 15. continuance of certain Statutes: and whereas the said laws have*&*& not now the good effectts thereby proposed and intfiyded, by, reason of the aid penalty being so fmdu, and one moiety thereof being directed to be paid to the King, and the great expense attending the recovery of the same; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, and the pe that, from and after the passing of this a A, every person and nalty thereby persons offending against the said lad mentioned a As shall, in imposedon

466

winding of wool increased to as. per fleece, the whole to be to the prover thereof. Offences against the recited acts may be determined by a justice in a sum m ary way.

Complaints for deceitful winding of wool to be discharged, if there appears no intentioa to defraud.

The aforesaid penalty, if not paid in six days, to be levied by distress.

Persons complained of for selling wool deceitfully wound, may, if it was done without their privity, re

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 38. [1788.

lieu of every sixpence which, by the said acts, or either of them, might be recovered, forfeit and pay the sum of two shilling, the whole whereof shall be paid to the finder or prover of ck abovementioned deceits; and the offences against the kid acts, or either of them, from henceforth shall and may be proceeded upon, heard, and determined by and before any one justice of the peace residing at or near the place where such offence or offences shall be committed, in a fammary way; and (nek said justice of the peace shall be and he is hereby imposvcttd to cause the respective person or persons against whom any such information shall be laid, to be summoned at a certain time and place to be fixed by such justice, and he is hereby folly authorised, empowered, and required, upon the appearance r default of such person or persons, to examine into and give judgement in the premises; anything in the kid recited aids, 9* either of them, contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

LXXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, Thu if it shall appear, to tyre satisfaction of such justice, that the matter complained of was not done, committed, or suffered, with intent to deceive the buyer of any such aforesaid wool, or that any clay, sand, or earth, which shall be (bund in such fleece, was not intentionally put there to make the fleece more weighty, but became mixed or connected with the same by ro (bn of the oecefltary paftmring, folding, or keeping of the sheep, whereupon such fleece (hold have been grown subsequent to therivering.or washing af such sheep, that every such justice shall and may, and he is hereby empowered to discharge every such complaint, and to acquit the person and persons thereby accused of and from the payment of any penalty or forfeiture, on account of the matter or offence therein set forth and alledged; anything herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That in cae the penalty or penalties hereby infii&ed or imposed, for or in respect of the false winding of wool, or the selling or dicpofing thereof, shall not be paid within six days next after such conviction, the same penalty or penalties shall be levied by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of such offender or offenders, by warrant or warrants under the hands and seals of the justice or justices before whom he or they shall have been convicted.

LXXXI. And whereas it may frequently happen that that ftder of such deceitful wools, or wool folfely wound or folded may not he the person who actually wound or folded the same, or that the same were deceitfully or falsely wound or folded without the privity, knowledge or consent of such seller; be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful, in every such case, to and for the seller of woo), touching which any complaint or information shall have been made, and which mall be then pending, immediately after he shall have received such summons as aforesaid, to apply to the justice of the peace who shall have granted'such

1788.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 38. 467

ick fuounons, and require him, upon information having choir the ap een given for that purpose, to summon the person who au pcarance of tiv wound or folded the wool then complained of as being so wound^\t imcly or deceitfully wound or folded, to appear at the time before a iuf nd place mentioned in such original summons, or at such other tice, who is iwm and place as such justice shall think proper (of which time determine nd place sufficient notice shall be given by the seller of such root to the person or persons complaining), when the said ustice shall, and he is hereby empowered, whether the person ftwrged as being the actual winder of the wool then complained yf shall'appear or not (proof being made that he had been duly summoned), to hear and determine the matter of such com phint* and if it shall then appear, to the fatbfaciion of the said justice, that the wool then complained of had been actually wound or folded falsely and deceitfully by the person then charged by the seller thereof with having wound and folded the same, and that without the privity, knowledge, or consent of fiach seller, that then, and in every such case, the person who had actually wound or folded such wool (and not the seller thereof) shall be subject and liable to the penalties herein be fore imposed upon the seller and sellers of wool deceitfully or falsely wound or folded, and such remedies for the recovery of the lime as are herein before mentioned; but if it shall, upon feoh hearing, appear otherwise to such justice, or if it shall appear and be determined otherwise upon the hearing of the appeal, and which is herein after given, then, and in every such cry, the seller of the wool so complained of shall remain and be subject to such penalties, and remedies for the recovery thereof, as aforesaid, anything herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding 5 and in case of nonpayment of such penalties by, or that the same cannot be recovered of and from, the person who shall have been convicted of having actually falsely and deceitfully wound or folded such wool, every such person shall be committed to the common gaol or house of correction for the county, riding, division, Or place wherein the offence was committed, there to remain for any time not exceeding three calendar months, nor less than twenty-one days, unless the penalty and costs (if any) shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any person Persons ag or persons shall think himself or themselves aggrieved by the grieved raiy judgement or determination of any such justice of the peace, quw^rfef upon any complaint or information which shall have been Sons, CC brought or made before him, respecting the winding'or folding of wool it shall and may be lawful to and for any such person

persons to appeal to the next general or quarter sessions of the peace to be held for the county, division, or place in or for which such justice shall have acted, such person or persons giving, and being hereby required to give, within five dtfys then next after such conviction, notice in writing to the respondent or respondents in such appeal, and shall and do, at the n I time

468 Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 38.

[17

time of making such appeal, with two sufficient sureties * recognisance before the said justice or justices of the peatfj$ to appear"and prosecute such appeal at the said general or qum. ter sessions, and abide by the order or determination of the fii court and to pay the costs and charges thereby awarded agaiflft such person or persons (if'any) 5 and every such appeal ferit by the said court of general or quarter sessions, be cxamiti* 1 and the circumstances of the case fully inquired into aok dm matter heard and determined; and the said justices in the NT general or quarter sessions are hereby authorised to award fadk costs as shall appear to them just and reasonable to be paidt either party. V

k<r con via ion

LXXXIV. Provided aifot and be it funhtr enacted, Tfct tobefet tfide no con V id ion made or judgement given, upon any oflfencefr form * nces this act mentioned or created, shall be set afidrit or by any court whatsoever for want of form, or through till. rais stating of any, circumstance, or other matter whaa* ever, provided the material fads alleged in such convidioa* judgement, and upon which the same shall be grounded, 4k proved to the satisfaction of the said court $ any law, Statute, r custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXXV. And whereas, by an act of parliament puffed in twenty seventh year of the reign of his late majesty King Edwali 97 Ed. 5. the Third, entitled, The officers of the staple, and merchant Hat. ac. 3. repairing lo it, (half be sworn to maintain the staple, and lt laws and customs of it, it was oretained, That a certain market winders of wool, and other officers therein mentioned, be ffiffidtm ordained for the place where the Jlaple is, and they and the corrtdjl and all manner of officers of the Jlaple, bfjides the constables, JUBE sworn before the mayor of the Jlaple, that they lawfully jhab etfr cute thiir office, without fraud or deceit: and whereas all winders! now to be sworn do repair to the mayor of the Jlaple at Westmmfer*for the purpose of being so sworn, whereby the persons so defirmef 1

being sworn are subjected to great expense and inconvenience; belt quarter fcf. enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall mb

fions may ad "lay be lawful for the justices of the peace, who shall hereafter minister to te assembled at any general quarter sessions of the peace, with persons proin the kingdom or Great Britain, or any adjournment thereof, Sed to be an arc ^eby empowered and required to administerto sworn wind every such personas shall be desirous of becoming a sworn ers of wool, winder of wool, and shall produce a certificate under the hand the following of any two growers of wool, testifying to the satisfaction of the entered such justicea, that such person is properly qualified to become in the records a f*w& winder of wool, an oath to the following purport and 4rftbcfdbons; effect, that is to say,

AB. do swear, That I will truly and justly, without Jemf, wind and sold all and singular the wool which I shall take ufen me to wind and sold, without leaving or putting any clay, lead, Jloues, jand, tails, deceitful locks, lambs wool, or any other thing, whereby the fleece may be made more weighty, to the deceit and hfi

1788.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 38. 469

tbi buyer; and that I will not use any other deceit, crafty guile,

'fraudy in the winding or folding of any such afore [aid wool.

So help me GOD.

n entry of the administering and taking of which oath shall

5 made in the records of the said sessions, and a certificate vereof shall be delivered by the clerk of the peace, or other roper officer, to the person who shall have taken the same.

LXXXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no but persons, herein contained shall be construed to hinder or prevent ntn ny one from employing any person in winding or folding of ]oyed!cm- ko, although such person shall not have been ('worn irf manner before mentioned.

LXXXVII. And whereas many persons are now confined in pfl,

in for penalties and fines set upon them in consequence of their hav*been convicted of offences against the laws now in being to promt the illicit exportation of live sheep wool, and other the of ore aid enumerated articles, which they are unable to pay; and many '0 avoid such penalties and forfeitures, and the punishments directed

'0 be inflicted upon persons convicted of such offences, have withdrawn themselves into foreign parts, and process of outlawry may have issued against some of them: and whereas it is expedient to extend a pardon and indemnity to persons under the aforesaid circum ftonces; be it therefore enacted, That no profeeption, a 1 ion, No jfrofecu suit, or information, shall be commenced, for or upon account tionij|0*. or by reason of any offence committed by any person or persons so^offence* against any of the provisions of any act or acts now in force prior to May against the exportation of live sheep, wool, or any other the X i78, against aforesaid articles, before the first day of May one thousand fe the laws re ven hundred and eighty eight, but that the penalties, forfei c^ortation of tures, and puniftunents shall be wholly pardoned and rc live foeep, C leased.

LXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That, as to all penalties or fines now due, on any former conviction upon any no^due, or" of the acts hereby repealed, or which may become due in con which may sequence of prosecutions now carrying on, the same shall be become due pardoned and discharged, so far as regards the share or interest j? profecu of such penalty or fine given to his Majesty; and that all per pending, to be fons against whom any process of outlawry hatlrtsqen sued out, remitted, and for the matters aforesaid, may be at liberty to apply, by mo reversal of tien, to the court Out of which such process issued io set aiide or outlawries reverse the same. r for?'

LXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That ifanypfrfon V^or persons, who shall claim tl C benefit of this act, shall after

such claim, bring or commence, or cause to be brought or persons claim commenced, any action, plaint, information, or otherprofo ing the bene cution whatsoever, against any officer of his majesty's navy, fit of this act ot in the service of the customs, excise, or salt, or other per for

fen who shall have aided or^assisted any such officer, for or ady thing concerning any act, matter, or thing, done or committed by done in regard

a them, to matters

470 Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 38.

hereby dir them, or any of theta, on occasion of, or for, or by reafofev charged, they means Of any of the offences, frauds, tnifijemeanofs, or aim wncfai?ffue.c malters or l*ngs intended to be released and discharged If h*this art, such claim'is and shall be deemed to be an a.

discharge and release to every such officer, or other person, of*and from all and every such artions, suits, and prosecutionsj and such officer and other person may plead the general in and give the special matter in evidence; and the said of cer or other person shall recover his costs of suit against fk, person or persons so bringing or commencing such action or prosecution.

a&nottoex XC Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing io this 1 t^nd to the art contained shall extend, or be oondrued to extend, to4f any fdzure^of carse or release any seizures of wool, or any other the wool etc! or herein before enumerated anicles, or of any ships, ve$b any profccu boats, horses, wagons, carts, carriages, or other thing what tien now de soever, or any prosecution now depending for the forfeiture rf In rrt^rt^to* wo or any otllcjr l^c herein before enumerated ar such parts of tic, cs vessels, boats, horses, wagons, carta, carriage,

fines as be or other thing, under any act or acts of parliament now along

to the force, against the exportation of live sheep, wool, or any other

informer; the herein before enumerated articles, nor to acquit Icafe, or discharge any judgement or judgements, where the f V moneys or other things recovered have been actually levied, or the body or bodies of the offender or offenders now in ctifio dy, or which have been taken in execution before the making of this art, nor to acquit, release, or discharge any infatuation which has been already entered, or any artion or fat which has been already commenced or brought, against any person or persons, for the recovery of any penalty, fine, or forfeiture, incurred by any offence committed by him or them against any such act or acts of parliament, verdict or verdicts obtained, or judgement or judgements recovered thereon, ia respect to such part thereof as belongs to or has been ufuadj allowed and paid to the officer of his majesty's navy, or ia the'service of the customs, excise, or salt, (at whose indance the

prosecution is or was carried on), according to the mode in which such suit or suits hath or have been commenced and car but such suits tied oh; but such information, salt, verdict or verdicts, or may be pro judgement or judgements, shall and may be proceeded upon as seeded on. originally commenced, entered, and proceeded upon, without any alteration in the proceedings upon such information, salt, verdict or verdicts, judgement or judgements, for the recovery in due course of law of such part of the penalty or forfeiture incurred, as belongs to or has been usually allowed and paid to such officer of his majesty's navy, or in the service of the customs, excise, or salt, at whose instance the prosecution is or was carried on, according to the mode in which such suit or suits hath or have been carried on.

XCI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Limitation of That in case any artion, suit, or information shall be com adiow. menced,

1788.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 3$; 47 r

tncneed, brought, and prosecuted on account of the seizure of aif ship, vessel, or boat, wagon, cart, carriage, horse, or oter beast of burden, or of any sheep, wool, woolfels, wool, more lings, shortlings, worked, bay or woollen yarn, ohaels, or wool nightly manufactured, or mattrafles or beds ftjuffed with combed wool, or wool fit for combing or card ikig, fullers earth, fulling clay, of tobacco pipe clay, as illegally carried or exported, or intended or attempted to be exported, or for any matter, cause, or thing dorie, committed or executed by virtue of this actor any clause or article herein contained, such action shall be commenced within sit months after the committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid in the proper county where the fact Was done or committed j and the person or persons so sued may file common bailor enter a common appearance, and plead the general issue not guilty and may give thi* ad, apd the special mat General issue ter, in evidence at the trial, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the authority of this act: and if upon the trial it shall appear to be so done, the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; and in such case, or if the said plaintiff or plaintiffs, or prosecutor, shall become nonftiit, or fusses discontinuanefe, 'or if upon demurrer judgement be giveit against the plaintiff, the defendant or defendants in any such case shall, treble Costs, which he or they shall sustain by his of Treble costi. their defence to such adliort or suit; and that in case any in If in any ac formation shall be commenced and brought to trial oh account tionfof asci of any seizure which shall be made under or by virtue of this b^fosnd^ wherein a verdict shall be found for the daimer thereof, the claimer, knd it shall appear to the judge or court before whom the same be shall not shall be tried that there was a probable calife of seizure, the be entitled to judge or court before whom the said information shall be tried, ^vprobsi^ shall certify on the recced that there was a probable cause for ca f the prosecutor's making such seizure, iri such Case the defendant making it, shall not be entitled to any costs of suit whatever, nor shall the etc. person or persons who made any such seizure be liable to any adtioft, ihdidtirienr, or other suit or prosecution, on account thereof; and that in case act, adiioft, indictment, or other prosecution, shall be commenced and brought to trial against any person or persons whatsoeves, which shall be made under ot by virtue of this act, wherein a verdict shall be given against the defendant or defendants, if the courr or judge before whom such action or prosecution shall be tried shall certify on thfi said record that there was a probable cause for such seizure, then the plaintiff, besides the ship or goods which shall happen to be seized, or the value thereof, shall not be entitled to above twopence damages, nor to any costs of suit, nor shall the defendant in such prosecution be fined above one shilling.

by

47*

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 39. [1788.

CAP. XXXIX.

An act to allow the importation of rum, or other spirits, from bh Majests colonies or plantations in the West Indies, into the province of Quebec, without payment of duty, under certain conations and restrictions.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS, by an act made and passed in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty a duty of sixpence is tm posed on every gallon cf rumy or other spirits, which shall he imparted or brought into any part of the province of Quebec, from any of his Majesty's sugar colonies in the West Indies: and whereas it WU greatly tend to encourage a proper commercial intercourse between the said province and the said colonies, if rum, imported into the said province in any flap or vessel which shall carry from thenccy and land in anf of his majtly's sugar colonies in the West Indies, a cargo if lumber or pjcvisions, horses or neat cattle, was exempt from payment of the said duty: be it therefore enacted by the king's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual X ani temporal> and commons, in this present parliament af which carried sembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after lumber, etc. the first day of August one thousemd seven hundred an eighty rom Quebec eight, in all cases where any rum, or other spirits, being toe indies^he h pro^uce or manufacture of any of the said colonies in the West voyage, to be Indits % shall be legally imported or brought into the said province permitted to from any of the said colonies, in any ship or vessel which, in import, duty her last preceding voyage, shall have carried to, and landed in, free, into that any of tfoe fgjj colonies, a cargo of lumber and proviftens, quantity of horses or neat cattle, from the said province, it shall and may rum equal to be lawful to admit to an entry and land any quantity of such rum the value of or spirits, not exceeding in value the cargo of lumber or previ the lumber, f]0nsj horses or neat cattle, so carried and landed, without pay ctc. ocarrie. ment of the duty of f]xpence per gallon.

Sfiipscarrying

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the in all cases where any rum or other spirits, being the produce or the said pro  manufacturc of any of the said colonies in the West Indies, shall vince, and be legally imported or brought into the said province from any loading the re of the said colonies, in any ship or vessel which, in her next with lumber, clearing out from the said province after such importation, shall mitted to en"oa<^ a car lumber or provisions, horses or neat caster, duty free, tien the province, and shall carry to and land the same in a quantity of some of the said colonies, it dull and may be lawful toadraitto rum equal to an entry and land any quantity of such rum or spirits, not ex the said him ceet^n D vahie the cargo of lumber or provisions, horses or hfr< on K; ving neat cattle so loacted, without payment of the said duty of six bondasherem pence per galion; provided always, That the owner or owners of mentioned, such last mentioned ship or vend, which shall so as aforesaid have legally imported such rum or other spirits, or in case of such owner or owners not residing in the said province, the matter o person having or taking the charge or command of such ship or vessel, together with one or more fuftkient sureties refitting within the said province, shall, before such rum or other spirits shall

j'

473

1788.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 39.

be so admitted to an entry without payment of the said defy, give bond to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, to be taken of the two principal officers of the customs there, in the penal sum of fice hundred pounds, with condition that the said ship ot vessel shall, in her next clearing o6t from the said province after such importation, be laden with a cargo of lumber or provisions horses or neat cattle, equal in value to the rum or spirita so admitted to an entry, without payment of the said duty as aforesaid; that the said lumber or provisionrs, horses or neat cattle, shall be carried to and landed in some of the said colonies in the fest Indies

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the value of the rum or other spirits so admitted to an entry Rum and

as aforesaid, and the value of the cargo of lumber or provifrons, lumber to bd Kories or neat cattle, so loaded as aforesaid in the said province, ableu thee'" shall respectively be estimated and computed according to the va annexed febe luations contained in the schedule annexed to this a. dule.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty, Valuations in with the advice of his privy council, by order or orders to be if theschedule sued and published from time to time, to alter the valuations b contained in the said schedule whenever it shall appear necessary Majesty ra or proper, upon any representation or report made by the go council? vernor and council of the said province.

The SCHEDULE mentioned and referred to in this aper

cwb

J C s. d.

Sterling.

Flour, ft soft, i   1 0 10 9?

2d sort,0 7 4f

Biscuit - 10 63

Wheat -  - 0 3 o'

Peas   2 9

Oats  0 1 1

Barley 0 2 o r

Flax seed 0 3 0

Potatoes e 1 6j

Fresh beef   6 6 i

fr$(h pork   0 0 4j

T urkey s   6 I 9

Oak timber squared, per cubic foot o D plank 3 to inches thick, per 0 6

square foot 0 0 3

D ditto 1* to 2 inches 0 0 2

per Winctufler bushel.

each, per foot

do. do.

Barrel staves, fit for the West Indies, 3 feej 6 inches long, 4

inches broad, and t inch thick 4 (0 o pf thousand feet; Heacting, 2 feet 6 inches long, 5 to 6 inches broad, and inch thick

Squared pine timber -

4 10 o per thousand feet, o 0 2 per cubic foot.

I i a Pine

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 40. xl/m* Pine boards, 12 feet long, 1 inch y

thick, 12 inched broad 226 per thousand feet,

D -- 15 feet long, 1 inch

thick, 12 inches broad 2 15 o per thousand feet

Do -- -, g feet long,; nch

thick, and 12 inches broad 3 10 o per thousand

Do -- 10 feet long, 1 inch

thick - 1150 per thousand feet

Do -- 12 feet long, 2 inches

thick  3 7 6 per thousand fact

Hoops, 12 feet long - 300 per thousand feet.

Shingles - 012 o per thousand fact.

Windward islands jvejl India rum o 19per gallon.

2amalca rum - 020 per gallon.

orfes - 15 o o per head.

Neat cattle 8 o o per head.

CAP. XL

An act for giving relief to such persons as have fiiffered in their rights and properties, during the late unhappy dissensions in America, is consequence of their loyalty to his Majesty, and attachment to the British government; and for making compensation to such perfostis have suffered in their properties, in consequence of the cession of tfc province of East Florida to the King of Spain.

[Preamble.]

Reciting 13 Geo. 3. c. 80. 25geo. 3. C 76. t6 Geo. j.c.it and7 Geo. 3. c. 39- By Jan. 1, 1789, the commifroners appointed to inquire into the loires of American suffererstotransmitto the treasurythe names of those who shah have produced satisfactory proofs of their loflffr with the amount of the same; deducing therefrom the proportions herein mentioned, and the fuuis paid on account; viz. 101, percent, for above io, ooool. where sofa more than 35, 0001. 15b percent, for above

10, 0001. where sofa not more than 50.0001. sol. percent, for all above

10, 0001. where loss more than 50, 000l. Also from those resident if Great Britain, and loyal British proprietors, sot. percent, of all above

lo.ooool. if loss above 50, 0001, and 701. percent, for all above to, cool, if loss more than ioo, ooool. and all money received before first of Jaa. 1789; and the commissioner8 appointed toenquire into the lodes offufferen by the cession of East Florida, to transmit an account of their Losses, deducing therefrom what has been already paid. Treasury toautbmifc the exchequer to make forth orders for the sums set against the nanesdf tnc sufferers respectively. Orders to carry 31.10 s. interest from July 5, 2788. Principal and interest to be paid off by half yearly infulroerts; the first to be April 5, 1789. Orders to be afhgnable. Treasury to direct payment, on April 5, 1789, of all orders under 50l. cotnmtffioden to deliver certificates to the sufferers, of the sums to which they are entitled, to be transmitted to the treasury. See. Orders to be numbered arithmetically. Powers of the malt a & for 1788 to extend to the orders to be made out under this act, except the rate of interest. Tnrtfunr may cause new orders, to be made out in lieu of such as may be defaced. Treasury may order persons employed in the execution of this act, &c. to be paid out of the supplies, etc. for the years 2789, 1790, 1791, 1791. >793*794. 1795 and 1796. Deficiency of aid to pay orders, may be Supplied out of the.conforidated fund. Money so Blued out of thgcoo folidated fund to be replaced out of the first supplies. Persons counterfeiting orders, etc. to suffer death.

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 41  44. CAP. XU.

An act to enable his Majesty to grant a certain annuity to the moll noble Aubrey duke of Saint Albana.

[Preamble.]

Geo. 3. C Si. recited. His Majesty may grant an annuity of 1000l. to the duke of Saint Albans, from Feb. 16, 1787, to Oct. 10, 1803. Grant under this all not to restrain his Majesty from giving any other pen lions.

CAP. XLII.

All ah for obviating a doubt in an act, made in the tvrenty sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for settling and teeming a certain annuity for the use of lady Maria Carlton, wife of sir Guy Carlton, knight of the moult honourable order of the Bath, and Guy Carlton, and Thomas Carlton, Tonnes of the said sir Guy Carlton, in consideration of the eminent services performed by him to his Majesty and this country.

[Preamble.]

26 Geo. 3. C s3 recited. The annuity intended to lady Maria Carlton, (now Dorchester) Guy Carlton and Thomas Carlton, for their lives and the life of the survivor. The annuity granted by the recited act, to be payable during the lives of lady Dorchester, Guy Carlton, and Thomas Carlton, and the life of the survivor.

CAP. XLIII.

An act for obviating a doubt in an all. made In the twenty sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, entitled, 'An act to enable his Majesty to grant a certain annuity to Brook Watson esquire, late com imssary general in North America, in consideration of his diligent and meritorious services in that office.

[Preamble.]

26 Geo. 3. c. 93. recited. The annuity granted by the recited all to be payable from January it, 1784, to Brook Watson, C in trull for Helen Watson, during her life.

CAP. XLIV.

An act for appointing of further to inquire into the losses and services of all such persons who have suffered in their rights, properties, and posessions, during the late unhappy dissensions in America, in consequence of their loyalty to his Majesty, and attachment to the British government.

[Preamble.]

23 Geo. 3. c. 80. Commissioners, John Wilmot, esquire, colonel Robert Kingston, colonel Thomas Dundas, John Marsh, Jeremy Pemberton, and Robert Mackenzie, esquires. Commissioners to be fvrora. The oath:

I A.B. do swear, That, according to the bell of my skill and knowledge, I will faithfully, impartially, and truly execute the several powers and trusts veiled in me by an act, entitled, "An act for appointing of further to inquire into the loftes and services of all such persons who have suffered in their rights, properties, and pro frifions, during the late unhappy dissensions in America, in confluence of their loyalty to his Majesty, and attachment to the British government, " according to the tenor and purport of the said all.

Commissioners may examine parties on oath. Commissioners to meet, and to send for persons or papers, to appoint clerks, etc. Persons delivering in fraudulent claims to be excluded from any compensation. Persons riving false evidence to be liable to the penalties of purjury. commis uoners may appoint persons to travel In America to inquire intp falls. Commissioners in England after August 1, and of in America after December i, 1788, not to proceed in claims presented, except.

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 45, 46. [1788.

to complete such As shall have been proceeded on previous totbofe

Jcriods respectively. Memorials presented to the treafory previous to one 3, 1788, by persons who furniifaed provisions to the nary and army in America, etc. to be transmitted to the commissioness. Conamiffioecn may receive the claims of the persons herein named: Robert lord Fairfax, John Penn the elder, John Penn the younger, lady Juliana Pole widow of Thomas Penn, Richard Penn, William Atkinson, Brobson, Thomas Cobham, George Dundafs and Ann his wife, Walter King, Grace Farley, major Ralph Phillips, Ann Fiiilayfau, Robert Taalfe, Junes Higgins, Bartholomew Henery, John Po'son, Hugh Potion, and lieutenant colonel Thomas Young, to be proved on oath. Commissionerg to inquire into the claims of futterers by the cession of Georgia to the Americans Commissioners to give an account of their proceedings to the treasury and secretaries of state. Treasury to pay 4000l to the of; for paying clerks, etc, Commissioners may receive half pay on taking the following oath:

AB. do swear, That I had not, between any place

or employment of profit, civil or military, under his Majesty, be tides such compensation as shall have been or may be made to measacoa* missioner for inquiring into the lodes and Services of all such personi who have suffered in their rights, properties, and prosessions, during the late unhappy dissensions in America, in consequence of their loyalty to his Majesty, and attachment to the British government.

In case of the death, etc. of acommiqioner during the recess of parliament, his Majesty may appoint another. Continuance of this as one year from Jfuly 15, 1788.

Cap. XIV

An act to prohibit, for a limited time, the exportation of hay.

[Preamble.]

From pading this act, no hay to be shipped for exportation. Penalties for offences against this act, hay forfeited and also tool, per toa penalty. Penalties to be applied, one moiety to the King and the oiber to the prosecutor, and to be recovered by altion or information in coons of record in England and Wales, and in courts of feffiotta in Scotland. Hay, discovered on board any vessel, and not entered for exportation on June o, 1788, may be seized, with the vessel, etc. Hay, for support of the cattle in a ship, may be Carried therein; or to Ireland, when the exportation thereof from that kingdom is prohibited, on bond being given to land it there, etc. Hay may be carried coastwise, on security being given, etc. His Majesty in council may direct hay for the use of the cattle at Gibraltar to be exported. His Majesty, by prociaimtioa, etc. may permit the exportation of hay. Bargains made for hay (if too tonnes) after May 24, 1788, may be declared void prior to July i, 178l. Continuance of this act for one month after commencement of next session

CAP. XLVI.

ftn act for discontinuing, for a limited time, the several duties pey* able in Scotland upon low wines and spirits, and upon worts, 1vojb, and 'other liquors there used in the distillation of spirits, and for granting to his Majesty other duties in lieu thereof \ and for better regulating the exportation of british made spirits from England 1$ Scotland, and from Scotland to England 5 and to continue, for a limited time, an act made in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, to discontinue, for a limited time, the payment of the duties upon low wines and spirits for home consumption, and for granting and securing the due payment of

4 77

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 46.

other duties in lieu thereof: and for the better regulation of the making and vending British spirits; and for dhcontinuing, for a limited time, certain imports and duties upon rum and spirits imported from the west Indies.

WHEREAS it is expedient that spirits made in that part ef Prca able,

M, Great Britain called England, for exportation to that part

: af Great Britain called Scotland, and spirits made in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, /> exportation to that part of Great Britain called England, should be made and exported under the rules, regulations, reflrift'ioni, and provisions herein after in that behalf provided and that the several duties of excise by this all granted should be imposed; and alj'o that the fveral rules, regulations, refit ic thus, and provisions herein after contained for securing the due pay merit of the aid duties, and for preventing, detecting) and punishing frauds relating thereto, should be provided; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same,

M'hat, from and after the fifth day of July one thousand seven Fori year hundred and eighty eight, there shall be raised, levied, collected, )u, y V and paid to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, for and dor fowineduties ing the term of one year, to be computed and reckoned from to he levied in the fat'd fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty Scotland, viz. eight, the several duties of excise herein after mentioned; (that is to say).

For and upon every galion, English wine measure. of the For every gal cubical content of each and every still, including the head, which n English of shall be used or employed in that part of Great Britain called of^used* Scotland for the making of low wines or spirits from corn, for making grain, malt, tilts, cyder, or perry, or other wash or liquor made low wine, etc. or brewed from ahy sort of British materials, or any mixture from therewith, the sum of three pounds: ma ena 9*3

For and upon every galion, English wine measure, of the cu For every bical content of each and every still, including the head, which for

shall be used or employed in that part of Great Britain called making low Scotland, for making low wines or spirits from melasses or sugar, wines from or any mixture therewith, the sum of five pounds: melasses, 5l.

For and upon every galion, English wine measure, of the "jj for every cubical content of each and every still, including the head, which fhofc used for shall be used or employed in that part of Great Britain called making low Scotland, for making low wines or spirits from foreign refused wines from wine, or foreign cyder, or wall prepared from foreign materials, foreign re (except melasses and sugar), or any mixture therewith, the sum di, nc of six pounds;

Which said respective duties shall be paid by the person or persons, and at the respective times, and in the manner herein after mentioned.

114 II And

by,

47

No person to erect or work a (till) in sect land, without taking out a licence.

and paying a proportion of the duty, as herein after directed.

licences to be registered at the exciseoffice in edinburgh.

No licence to be granted for wafti stills of a less content than 50 galions, nor for any wash till on less there be licensed with it a low wine (till of one fourth of its contents.

Distillers, obtaining licences poftc riorto July 5, 1788, may prepare worts, but notdifti) low wines, prior to the time fixed by licences.

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 46. [ 17 %

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no person or persons whatever shall, by him, her, or themselves, or by any other person or persons whatever employed bf him, her, or them, or for his, her, or their use or benefit; bred, fct up, or work any still or stills for the dialling, nub ing, or manufacturing of low wines or spirits from malt or cora, or any of the materials aforesaid, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, without first taking out a licence or licences foe that purpose; which licences shall be granted by such person or persons in Scotland of of his majesty's treafory, or the lord high treasurer for the time being, shall authoriseaod appoint for that purpose, and which person or persons shall be under and subject to the order and control of the commifltanett of excise in Scotland, in such manner as the said com midioners of the treasury, or the lord high treasurer shall dire, and which licences the said person or persons, so authorised is and are here? by directed and enjoined to grant to all persons who shall apply for, and be duly qualified to receive the same, ten dqys at fcaft before he, she, or they shall so ered, setup, or work any fuefc still or stills, and first paying into the hands of the proper officer of excise, such proportion of the yearly rate or duty hereby imposed as herein after is directed, according to the content or capacity of the still or stills so to be erected, setup, or worked as aforesaid: provided always, That no such licence, nor any other licence to be granted by virtue of this act, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be of force or effect until the same shall be produced to the commissioners of excise in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and duly registered at the chief office of excise in Edinburgh, in such manner as the said commissioners shall direct: provided also, That it shall not be lawful to grant any such licence for or in respect of any wash still which (including the head) shall not be of the content or capacity of fifty gallons English wine measure, or of a greater content or capacity; nor shall it be lawful to grant any such licence for or in respect of any wash still whatever, unless there shall at the same timb be licensed therewith a low wine still of a content or capacity (including the head) not less than one fourth part of the content or capacity of such wall still.

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any distiller or distillers, after obtaining such licence as aforesaid, and not having been licensed within the year ending the fifth day of Jufyone thousand seven hundred and eighty eight, under an act made in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, to prepare worts, wah, or tilts for the space of ten days before the time fixed by any such licence for commencing distillation: also, That such distiller or distillers, not having been (b licensed as aforesaid, shall not begin to distill any low wines or spirits previous to the time fixed by such licence for that purpose, upon pain of incurring all the penalties and forfeiture? by

479

r788.I Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 46.

his al directed to be inflicted on persons working with unli cnfed ft ills.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Licence to

That every licence to be granted by virtue of this act, shall con July

linuc in force from the time of granting thereof until the fifth 5, 1789. day of yulj onc.thousand seven hundred and eighty nine, and

no longer.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall erect, setup, work, make persons ered use of, or have in his, her, or their custody or possession, any io?!elc* u (fill or flills for the drilling, making or manufacturing of low ^ncetofor wines or spirits from malt or corn, or any other of the materials fritool. and aforesaid, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, without the (tills, etc. first taking out such licence as is herein before directed, he, she, or they shall respectively forfeit for every such ft in the sum of two hundred pounds, together with all and every such (fill and (fills, with the tubs and utensils thereto belonging; and all materials for brewing or manufacturing worts, wail, low wines or spirits, in the possession of such person or persons, and all and every such dill and (fills, tubs, utensils, and materials, shall and may be seized by any officer or officers or excise.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That upon or previous to the granting of any such licence, the Duty for k person or persons applying for thp same shall, before he, she, or CC in ad they shall be entitled to such licence, pay down in advance in Sance, as*money to the proper officer of excite appointed to feceive herein mcn* the same, the proportion of the duty from the fifth day of July tioned. one thousand seven hundred and eighty eight, to the day of granting such licence; and also one sixth part of the duty by this act imposed for or in respect of his, her, or their (fill or (fills specified in such licence, and shall afterwards at the expiration of the first two months, and so afterwards at or before the end of every two months, pay down in ready money in advance, a further sixth part of the said duty, until the whole thereof shall be fully paid.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no person or persons shall be capable of taking out or re Persons apply

ceiving any such licence as aforesaid, save only the actual owner or owners of the (fill or (fills intended to be worked by virtue that the tolls

thereof, and of the implements thereto belonging 5 and every arc their own

person or persons demanding such licence, shall take and fub property, etc.

feribe an oath before one or more of the commissioners of excise

in Scotland, or any justice of the peace for the county in which

he, she, or they shall happen to reside, (and which oath such

of or justice are and is hereby empowered to administer),

that the said (fill or (fills, and implements, are his, her,

or their own property, and that the work intended to be carried

on is at his, her, or their risque, and on his, her, or their own

account; and in every such licence which shall be granted by Particulars to

virtue of this act, there shall be expressed and specified the specificdin

christian name or names and the surname or surnames of the llccncc*

person

4&0

Wash Rills may be used as spirits (tills, and contrariwise, on giving notice to the officer.

Licences not to be granted to rectifiers, brewers, or victuallers

Di (tiliers, whilelicensed, carrying on the trade of a brewer or victualler, to forfeit aool.

rectificr* not to carry on trade m brewers, con a penalty of aool.

New bills may

be erected in lieu of such as may be destroyed, of the

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 46.

[17*

person or persons to whom the same shall be respectively graft CD the place or places of his, her, or their respective residend^. and the name of the particular place and parish where such fit ' or (tills are intended to be setup, erected, and used, togdfffti with the respective di mention or gauges of such (till or { and declaring for what particular use each respective (till wifi tended to be employed, whether it be for the distillation of M wines, or for the distillation of wash; and if for the distilla&n of wah, specifying from what materials such wail shall be prepared, and also specifying the sum or sums paid for the mtf9 and the times when the future payments shall respectively bb* come due, and when such licence will cease and expire.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no words contained in any such licence shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to prevent any distiller from using his or her wall) (till in distilling of (Jpuits,his or her spirits still or low wines (till in distilling of wah, profited that previous notice thereof has been given by the distidcfife the proper officer of excise, and that the cause for such alteradoft has been truly stated in the said notice.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority afcfrdaid, That it shall not be lawful for the person or persons auth rifed to grant licences as aforesaid, to grant to any rectifier or compounder of spirits, or to any common brewer or victualkr, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, any licence for work ing, ereeling, or keeping of any (till or dills for the distilfing of wah or low wines, so long as he, she, or they doth or fnib continue to carry on, or to be concerned in the business of reclifier or compounder of spirits, or common brewer or vichal* ler for brewing or selling of beer or ale in Scotland: and if any person or persons, licensed as a distiller or distillers under tto act, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall at any time or times, during the time that his, her, or their licence or licences shall be in force, carry on, or be directly or indirc&y concerned or interested in, the trade or business of a common brewer or victualler, every such person shall, for every such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of two hundred pounds.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid That if any person or persons shall at one and the same time carry on the trade or business of a rectifier or compounder of spirits with that of a common brewer or victualler, pr of a rectifier, compounder, common brewer or victualler, with that of a distiller or maker of spirits, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, or (haine directly or indirectly concerned or interested therein, every such person, for every such offence, shall forfeit and iofc the him of two hundred pounds.

XL. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any Still or (tills, to be so licensed as aforesaid, shall, during the continuance of such licence, by any unavoidable accident be destroyed, and rendered unfit for use, the owner thereof shall immediately give notice in writing of such accident tb

the

1788.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 46. 481

northeast proper supervisor, or officer of excise of the division or disproportions ridl, and make proof by his or her own oath, or by the oath f same other credible person, to the satisfaction of such super 10nc'ifor or officer, that thededruclion of such (lil! was wholly acci leritly, and not intentional, and thereupon shall be at liberty ortbwith, after such notice and affidavit, to erect a new dill or lilts, the capacity or content of which, including the head, hall not exceed ten gallons English wine measure, for every lundred gallons of the content of the former dill or dills so proved to have been destroyed and rendered unfit for use: and in case such new erected dill or dills be not of a larger capacity or content than the said former dill or dills respectively, it shall be lawful for such owner to work the same during the term to come and unexpired of his or her subsiding licence or licences, without taking out any new licence for that purpose: if such new An additional erected dill or dills shall be of a larger capacity or content re duty to be spedlively than the said former dill or dills, not exceeding the increased^on proportion aforesaid, the owner thereof shall immediately ad tents of new vance and pay down additional duty according to the increased dills, capacity or content of such new dill or dills, for the unexpired term of his or her subsiding licence or licences.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That when and so often as the property and possession of any LI Notice of the censed dill or dills in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, change of shall be really and bona fide changed during the continuance of this act, the person or persons becoming entitled thereto shall given to the forthwith, after such change of property and possession, and be officer of CX fore any such dill or dills is or are by him, her, or them, at rise, tempted to be charged or worked, give notice thereof in writing to the proper supervisor or officer of excise of the division or didridt within which such dill or dills shall be situated, and shall thereupon, and upon making'oath before a judice of the peace, of his, her, or their actual property therein, be permitted to work fudh licensed (till or dills for the unexpired term of the fub (iding licence for (he same, upon the lame conditions as are expressed and specified in such licence.

XIII. Provided always, That if upon any such change of Noticemuftbe

property and possession of or in any such licensed dill or dills, of a

the person or persons becoming entitled thereto, and making {jc^fe/itill, oath as aforesaid, shall not top desirous of working such dill or if he does not dills, such person or persons mall, within three days after his or jtitcndtowork their title thereto shall have accrued and been verified as afore lt ctc>

said, signify the same in writing to the proper supervisor or officer of excise of such division or didritft; and shall deposit with such officer the head or heads belonging to such dill or dills, and also such of the utensils belonging thereto as such supervisor or officer shall feletft, in order to render such dill or dills incapable of being used; and such dill or dills shall not be again used until a new licence shall be granted for that purpose; and the duty which would have become due for the unexpired term of the subsiding licence, to be computed from the time of giving

482 Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 46.

ing such notice as aforesaid, shall cease to be paid, but no date shall lie for re payment of any part of the duties which (hi have been paid in advance as aforesaid: and if any such perap. shall neglect or refuse 10 give such notice, or to make such act* j davit, or to deposit the head or heads, and such of the uteoflf j of his or her still or dills as is herein before mentioned and I rented, every such person, for every such neglect or refufifc shall forfeit and lose tive sum of two hundred pounds.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority afarcj % Persons neg That if any person or, duly licensed as aforesaid, in the duties re neg*e<^ refuse to pay the said duties imposed by this act, sat gularly, or or in respect of any licensed (till or fttlls, or any part thereel^b working un advance, in the manner, and at the time or times dirc&e& % licensed dills, this a. jf any person or ersons shall erect, work, or aih o or ei aool. ue Of any otj)er ftjj or (kills in that part of Great Britain cam Scotland, except such as shall be specified in his, her, or tint licence or licences, whether of the same or of any different*feription, capacity, or content, than shall have been (o spedft*

ed, such still or stills shall be forfeited, and shall and may seized by any officer or officers of excise j and every such person or persons shall also forfeit and lose, for every such offence, the sum of two hundred pounds.

_ XV And be it further enacted by the authority aforefini

w" son % not that if any redtifier or compounder, dealer in, or retailer ei being licensed spirits, or any chemist, druggist, or perfumer, or any perfifti drftiliers, who whatever, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland otter Hull distill, etc. than a licensed distiller, shall have in his, her, or their cutoff or possession, any worts, wah, tilts, or other fermented iiqoar; capable of being distilled into low wines or spirits, or shall dip or extract any low wines or spirits from worts, wah, tilts, com, melasses, sugar, cyder, refused wines, or other liquor, eray such person or persons, so being in possession of any such na serials prepared or fit for the purpose of being distilled into low wines or spirits, shall forfeit and lose the sum of ten pounds ht every gallon of such worts, wash, tilts, or other fermcoua liquors.

XVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the a&tbo no person to rity aforesaid, That no distiller or distillers, maker or makers of boil wort, iow wines or spirits, shall boil, heat, or prepare, by means of otherveflel' rc> ay worls wah, or liquor, made from any of the maieri thana licensed als aforesaid, in any copper, vessel, or other utensil whatever still, on penal other than a licensed still, after such worts, wah, or liquor has ty of aool. been fermented, but that all worts, wah, liquor, or other materials, shall, after fermentation, be fairly put into his, her, or their licensed still or stills, without having undergone booing, heating, or any preparation by means of fire, whereby the process of distillation may be shortened, accelerated, or attempted to be shortened or accelerated, on pain of forfeiting the sum of two hundred pounds for every such offence.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

No chemist. That no person or persons, during the continuance of this etc. to user 5 shall

*ool. pemlty for negudt.

1788.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 45. 4 83

qiaji carry on the trade or buiincfs of a chemist, druggist, or (fills without perfumer, or any other trade or business requiring the use of any licence;

HU or stills (except that of a rectifier or compounder of spirits) in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, without first taking oat. a licence for that purpose, from the person or persons nominated and appointed as aforesaid, and which licence the said person or persons shall and is and are hereby required to grant accordingly to every such person applying for, 'the same, upon the payment of such fee for the same as is herein afrer directed to be paid for such licence, but free from the payment of every duty of excise; and every such licence so granted shall specify the christian name or names, and the surname or surnames, trade and business of the person or persons thereby licensed, and the place where such trade or business is intended to be carried on, and the number of his, her, or their respective (fill or (tills, and the Capacity or content thereof respectively; and no chemist, nor to hare druggist, or perfumer, or other person or persons (except as stills of a aforesaid) shall use or have in his, her, or their custody or pof greater capa session, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, any (till or gan0lns*n0a0 (tills of any greater capacity or content than that of fifty gallons penalty of engujh wine measure, upon pain of forfeiting the sum of two aool. hundred pounds.for every such (till; and every such licence shall remain and continue in force, from the date thereof until the fifth day of July which shall be in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty nine; and if any such che Chemisti, etc. mist, druggist, perfumer, or other person or persons (rectifiers uf}ds and compounders excepted) shall use any (till or stills for anya^ccuetc to purpose whatever, without first taking out such licence for theaf0rfcjt'10oi# same, or shall make use of any other (till or (tills than such as shall be specified in such licence, or shall make use of any such licensed (till or (tills at any place other than the place which shall be specified in the said licence, or in any house or place other than his, her, or their usual dwelling, or known place of carrying on his, her, or their trade and business, every such person or persons shall respectively forfeit and lose the fpm of two hundred pounds for every such offence.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That for and upon the content or capacity of every (till of one fee*tobepaid

hundred and twenty galions, or upwards, for which any licence qn taking out

shall be granted under and by virtue of this act, in that part of liccncc8

Great Britain called Scotland, there shall be paid, by the person or persons taking out such licence, a see after the rate of one

penny per galion; and for every other licence to be granted by virtue of this act, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, a

see of five Shillings; fees shall be received by and belong

to the officer or officers, or other person or persons appointed to

grant such licences as aforesaid; the person or persons who shall be intitled to the benefit of jthe said fees shall also keep an exact register of all the licences which shall be granted by virtue of this act, specifying the number and particulars of each.

XIX. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted by

the

484. Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 46.

[1fl/l

Licences for the authority aforesaid, That if it shall be made appear, to t ftiilsofgreater satisfaction of the said commissioners of excite, that any ugdtt 5opgauon8 proce^cs or experiments in chemistry, in that part of Gnrt may be grant Britain called Scotland, shall require a still or (tills of greater odfa CD to carry on tent or capacity than that of fifty galions, English wine meafifl % chemical ex^it shall and may be lawful to and for the said cod "ment8' missioner to authorise and direct a licence to be granted to Act owner or owners o such chemical work or works, to use, nr the purposes aforesaid, a still or stills of larger content or capaehf than as aforesaid; which licence shall be in force from the did thereof until the fifth day of July which shall be in the ycarof our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eighty nine, and far each such licence a see of five Shillings, and no more; shaft fa paid to the person or persons, officer or officers, appointed*aforesaid; and which said chemical work, ifspecified in the order of the of and in such licence, to be (cent works, shall not be liable to visitation by any officer or often of excise, excepting only under the conditions and limitatkmf according to which the chemical works which are or (hril fa carried on by Archibald earl of Dundonald, his executors, adoi nistrators, or assigns, (hay or can be lawfully visited and examined, as herein after mentioned and expressed.

XX. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the author i !f urer for tlt7 aforesaid, That if, upon any such visitation or examination,

rits to^for* ^oun<* lat any w oc l*r8cr

feited, and tenc or capacity, has or have been used in the distilling CD fpwits,

also aool. low wines, or wah, worts, or tilts prepared from any of tbt

materials aforesaid, contrary to the true intent and meaning of the said order and licence, such still or stills, and all the utcofijf

thereto belonging, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be fmdi

by any officer or officers of excise, and the owner or owaai

thereof shall forfeit and lose the sum of two hundred pounds.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Officers may That it shall and may be lawful to and for any officer or officers houses.^and * exc, k, in Part f Great Britain called Scotland, to enter any wort or by day or night into the still house, or other place or plaoes stills found in where any still or stills (whether the same be licensed or riotii preparation censed) shall be kept, worked or used, or where any worts, washy thfc act to iw wnes, or spirits, are prepared, drftilied, or kept, and to be forfeited, examine the same; and in case any still or stills shall be there and also a obi. found in a state of preparation for being worked, the same net having been duly licensed, or in case any worts, wah, low wines or spirits, shall be there found contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, every such still or stills and the liquor therein, with all the utensils and implements thereto belonging or therewith used, and also such worts, wash, low wines, and spirits, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of excise; and the person or persons in whole custody or possession any such still, worts, wash, low wines, or spirits shall be found, shall forfeit two hundred pounds.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

C That

3 Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 46, 485

no raw or uarectified spirits made from any of the materi No spirits to ttdaid for sale or corvfumption, in that part of Great - {* removed tiled Stotlaudy shall be removed or sent from the place of n^0^rma* aniafaxslure, without bein accompanied by a certificate without cer ibeft at such place, at the time of their removal, by the II tificate from I <fsffiller or maker thereof, or his known and authorised t|jc maker.*of expressing that the same were made by such II on psi ewtiller, specifying the kind and quantity of such spirits, ty of for imber of casks or packages in which the same are contain feiture. C person to whom and the place to which the same are to t9 and limiting a reasonable time within which the same see removed and received; and that all such spirits which hs removed or conveyed by land or by water, from one 1 Shetland to any other part in Scotland, without being aerated with such certificate, or which shall be found not to poad or agree therewith in all or any of the respects afore or shall be found removing, or to have been removed con iiercto, or after the same hath been expired, shall, toge rirh the casks, vessels, or other packages containing the 'irit&g be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any of ir officers of excise.

nil. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid'permit or permits shall be requisite for the first removal pherlj1{.s for r or t|nrc<slified spirits, in that part of Great Britain called Jnoval of raw 1dp from the place or places where the same were made or spirits, not fiftsfared, to any other place or places whatsoever in that requisite. af, Great Britain Called Scotland anything in this or any or acts of parliament to the contrary notwithstanding. nv. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the rity aforesaid, That nothing in this act contained shall CX rr or see construed to extend, to repeal, alter, or change, jjherefofee 8f or acts now in force for the surveying and keeping a re to survey8, account of the (locks of rectifiers and compounders, etc. rs In and retailers of spirits, in that part of Great Britain t Scotland, but that such rectifiers, compounders, dealers, etailers, shall remain subject to the surveys of the officers die, and to all other rules and regulations, made and pro i by any law now in force, relative to redlifiers, com ders dealers, or retailers, saving and excepting that such Sera and compounders, as well as makers or distillers, in part of Great Britain called Scotland, may send out, and that re&iiiers and compounders may receive british made s, of whatever strength he, she, or they may think proper, onfumption or sale in that part of Great Britain called Scot

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, t every officer of excise who shall, in that part of Great Bri Rewards to called Scotland, seize and bring to condemnation any dill by a made liable to seizure and forfeiture, (except in the calc lo^rlon^dif ch sell or (tills being seized on the discovery of any other covering Rills m in the manner herein after specified), shall be entitled to liable tofei

a re zure> Etc*

486 Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 46.

[178!,

2 reward of two Shillings and sixpence for every galen oftte content or capacity of such dill, including the head thereof, to be paid out of his majesty's duties of excise in Scotland, upon ap order from the said commissioners of excise, Which order the said of are hereby authorised and required to grant: provided nevertheless, that stich reward hall not exceed the sum of twenty-one pounds for any one dill To seized as aforesaid: if any person (not being an officer of excise) shall make discovetr of any dill liable to seizure and forfeiture as aforesaid, so as that the same shall be seized and condemned, fuel) person or perfaa> shall be entitled to a reward of one shilling and sixpence for even gallon of the capacity or content of such dill, to be paid on tli condemnation thereof; provided also, that such reward shall not exceed the sum of ten pounds and ten Shillings for any one soil so forfeited as last aforesaid the officer or officers of excite. by whom the same shall be seized, shall also be entitled to a reward of one shilling for every gallon of the content or capacity of such dill, so that such lad mentioned reward dlaii not, tot any one dill, exceed the sum of fen pounds and ten Shillings; artef that such several rewards shall be paid by the order of the said commissioners of excise as aforesaid; and if, by reason of the small size of any such dill or dills, the said commidhmers of excise shall think any of the rewards aforesaid insufficient, the said of shall, and they are hereby authorised to augment the same respectively, not exceeding the respective sums aforesaid.

Officers not

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if arty offices ofex seizing stills cjfc (all, for the space of twenty-four hours after he shall hav after inform received information of any dill being unlawfully eccdted, used, or tien, to be dif kept, or of any wort, wadi, tilts, of low wines, prepared ami misled, etc.; intended to be unlawfully used in didilfation, wilfully neglect to seize the same respectively, every such officer so offending shall, upon complaint made thereof, and proof of the fact, to the satis faction of the commissioners of excise in Scotland, be difoiified from his or their office, and shall never afterwards be capable of ind the per tefving his Majesty in any office or place of trud whatever: and son making shall moreover forfeit and lose all such falarj as shall be due to the complaint him at the time of his dismission; and in calc the person or per fisr" ifhvaifo k complaint shall be the fafne person or persons

gave the in  gave information as aforesaid to the officer or officers so formation, to dismissed, such person or persons shall be entitled to a reward of be paid is. 6d. one (lulling and sixpence for every gallon of the content or capa

Sbc contents^orto pam ty le orc^er of the said

ofcthe stills*of excise out of the revenues of excise.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Still raafcers That every maker of stills, in that part of Great Britain called annuaf fi tan Scotland from and after fifth day of yufy one thousand

cence; to seven hundred and eighty eight, take out a licence from the of stamp their deer so to be authorised as aforesaid to grant the same, and shall stills, and give pay a see of five Shillings for such licence, and no more; and every such maker r makers shall Aamp his or their name or

'names,

Penalty on not giving notice.

1788.] Anno vicesimo octavo g*o8gii HI. C 46. 487

names, and the progressive number, and the content or capacity they may be of, ^jr/ry still made by him, her, or them, upon the shoulder gaug'd.

and in order that the content of the said still or dills iw be distirxf\ly ascertained, the said maker or makers shall,

Mjf Jre, (he, and they, is and are hereby required, within three os after finishing any still, to give notice to the officer of ex cjm of the division where such still hath beep so made, that the rate is ready to be gauged and stamped; and such officer is hereby required, within three days after such notification, to gauge ftlch still, and to grant a certificate, specifying the number, content, and maker's name or names of such still; and in c?fe any such maker or makers shall fail to give fuclr notice to the said officer as aforesaid, such maker or makers shall forfeit and pay the sum often Shillings for each gallon of the content or capacity of ttery such dill so made by him, her, or them.

xxviii. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall import or bring any still Persons im 6r nifls in Scotland from that part of Great Britain called England, porting still ftrirom foreign parts, such person or persons shall, within three io^venotice lays after the arrival of such still or dills, give notice of the num to the officers, bet, (ize, and content of the same, and of the place where the on penalty of same is deposited, to the officer of the division, distriit, place, ih or bounds 5 and such officer shall, within twenty hours after the receipt of such notice, gauge and (lamp, or cause to be gauged 4ffld damped, the said still or dills, in the same manner as is herein before directed in the case of a still or dills being made in scmlend, and if the person or persons who shaft so import or being any dill or dills into Scotland, shall negleil or omit to give fcch notice thereof as aforesaid, he, she, or they shall forfeit and Idle the sum of fifty pounds for every still so imported or brought; and in case any such still or dills shall be ereited without being ard any such previously gauged and marked by the proper officer of excise, eifery such dill or dills shall be forfeited and lost, and the owner gauged by the and owners thereof shall also forfeit and pay the dim of fifty officer, to be pounds, over and besides all other penalties and forfeitures to be forfeited, and incurred for the unlawful using the same: provided always, alo

Thaj nothing in this ail contained shall discharge or acquit any This a not distiller or other person from any penalty or forfeiture already to discharge incurred under any former act or acts for granting any duties 2eraijycform upon wqrts, wash, or other liquor, or other duties, or frotp pay Cr aits, etc. thfent of any arrears of such duties which, prior to the com nor to alter mencement of this ail, shall remain unpaid, nor shall anything any law now in this ail contained extend, or be construed to extend, to re JJJ, ^tof peal or alter any law or laws now in force, with respect to the Geo. j. making of British spirits for exportation to foreign parts, or to c. 12.; repeal or alter any part of an act made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, (entitled, An act for repealing fa much of an act, made in the lost Jetton of parliament, as relates to the qipuation of corn spirits in smallfills > in certain counties or difrifts of the Highlands in that part of Great Britain called Scotland; and hr outborifing the commissioners of excise in Scotland to grant licences*Vol. XX^VJ.  K*0

488 Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. [

to persons, living in the said counties or distrifls, todifiil/pints fnm barley, bar, or bigg, the growth of the said counties, ir impf

a duty on such licences), nor to prejudice the right and prm* lege granted to Archibald ear] of Dundonald, his executors, administrators, and assigns, by an act passed in the twemy fifth or is Geo. 3. year of the reign of his present Majesty, (entitled. An a fl for

s. vesting in Archibald earl Dundonald, his executors, admiuiflrs

tors, and aligns, the jole vje and property of a method of extrafling tr making tar, pitch, essential oils, volatile alkali, mineral acids, salts, and cinders, from pit coal, throughout his Majests dominions, frr a limited time).

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Earl of Dun authority aforesaid, That notwithstanding anything in the && ^utoffice/anc mentlon?^ a contained, the said earl, his executors, ad account of ministrators, or assigns, shall be, and he or they is and are here his dills, etc. by required to deliver to the officer or officers of excise of the

vision, district, place, or bounds, within which any of his of their said works or dills are or shall be erected, an account ia writing, specifying the number of his or their said stills, with a description of the same, and the purposes for which such fi3it were respectively erected; to any of his majesty's officers of excise, under the conditions and limitations herein after sped fied, at all lawful hours, to visit such work or works, and fuel dill or dills, and to examine, by all proper means, the liquor or matter coming from the said dill or dills; but not to open the said dill or dills, unless the said officer or officers shall not otherwise be allowed to examine he liquor or matter coming from the said dill or dills.

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Officernotto authority aforesaid, That it shall not be in the power of any of l^dthi ^ccr or cers exc^e visitor infppd the said workhouseot workhousea workhouses, or the said dill or dills, or house or houses, or without an places thereto belonging, unless the said officer or officers shall order from have previousy obtained an order from the of of * the commis cjfe? or the major part of them, in England and Scotland respec

vely, or shall proceed upon a signed information in writing, formation of and upon oath made and reduced also into writing, before any the stills he one or more of the said commissioners of excise, or before any k^dy one or more Majesty, sjustices f x^c peace, certifying that wore*the said works or dills in the said act described, in place of being bdna side used for the purposes therein mentioned, are or have been used in extracting low wines or spirits from wort, wash, or other materials whatsoever; in which case such written inforpoa tlon, and oath, and warrant proceeding thereupon, shall be lodged if required with the manager of the said works so visited,

1 upon the said manager's granting a receipt for the same; and if the said dill or dills shall be at such visitation, or shall bare bees previousy used after being'erected in the id works, for the purpose of diddling wash, worts, low wines, or spirits, contrary to the true intent and meaning of the said act, such dill or dills, apd ytenfils belonging thereto, shall be seized and forfeited as

ynjiccuw

1788.7 Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. unlicensed Bills, and the owners and users thereof subjected to the pains and penalties in that behalf made and provided by this

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the several rates and duties granted and imposed by any ict or as of parliament now in force upon any licence required to be taken by any dibiller or maker of spirits from corn, malt, or other materials, in Scotland, (save only and except any arrears now due in respect of such rates or duties), shall be discontinued for the space of one year.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That on the sixth day of July in the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty eight, an account shall be taken, by the proper officers of excise, of the Bock of British spirits then on hand at the several and respective licensed dibilleries in that part of Great Britain called Scotland \ and a return thereof shall be made in writing by such officers to the commissioners of excise in Scotland; and if such spirits, or any part thereof, shall be*intended to be sent into that part of Great Britain called England, notice thereof shall be immediately given to such officer or officers, by such dibiller or dibiliers, specifying therein the quantity and kind of spirits so intended to be sent into that part of Great Britain called England; and the said spirits, and every part thereof, shall thereupon be forthwith secured and locked up in a warehouse or warehouses, to be provided at the expense of such dibiller or dibiliers, and approved of by the said commissioners of excise in Scotland, each of which warehouses shall be secured under three locks and three keys, one of such loci's to be provided by such dibiller, and the other two locks to be provided by the surveyor, supervisor, or officer of excise of the division or place where such spirits shall be locked up, at the expense of such dibiller or dibiliers, whereof one key of each place shall be kept by such dibiller or dibiliers, and another by such surveyor or supervisor, and the third by such officer of excise, until the same spirits and every part thereof shall be delivered out to be shipped for England as aforesaid, and the said spirits shall not be delivered or taken out thereform for any other purpose or purposes whatever, except as is herein after provided and excepted, nor without a permit or permits from the proper officer or officers of excise, certifying that the said spirits were made or dibilled before the said sixth day of July, in the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty eight, and had been taken account of and locked up as aforesaid.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all such spirits of which an account shall have been so taken, and which shall have been so secured as aforesaid, may be shipped for exportation from that part of Great Britain called Scotland, to that part of Great Britain called England, and cleared outwards at the cubom house of the port where the same shall be so shipped, at any time or times before the tenth day of Qdobir in th year on thousand seven hundred and eighty eight;

4*9

Duty upon licences to distillers, to be discontinued for a year.

On July 6, 1788, the stock of spirits at the licensed distillerie8 in Scotland, to be taken; and notice of any part thereof intended to be sent to England, to be given to the officer, which is to be locked up in the manner herein di reded, and not delivered without a permit.

Spirits so secured may be shipped and cleared ont any time before October 10, 1788;

49& Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 46. [ 1 ?8s.

and may be and shall and may be itap6rted to, and landed in that part of landcfublcag* Great Britain called England under the like rules, restrictiom, teethe outies regulations, conditions and provisions, and subject and liable tt and regula the same duties, upon being brought into England, as is and are tiens of7 contained in an act of parliament made in the rwenty fcvcmh Geo. j.p. 13? year of the reign of his present Majesty, (entitled, anaofu repealing the fever! dutiei of tufloms and excise, and granting mhtf pities in lieu thereof and for applying the said duties, together mtb the other duties composing the public revenue; for permitting the importation of certain goods, wares, and merchandise, the predate or manufacture of the European dominions of the French ding into this kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed moneys, remaining in the exchequer for the payment of annuities on lives, to the reduction of dm national debt and in another act of parliament made in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of his said Majesty, (entitled, An act for charging an additional duty on spirits manufactured9Scotland and imported into England), for or in respect of Britp spirits made or diddled in Scotland, and brought from thence into any other part of the united kingdom on or before the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty eight; anything in this aid contained to the contrary notwithstanding: provided always, That in case any such distiller or distillers dial), (mot before the said tenth day of October one thousand seven hundred and eighty eight, find it more expedient to take out facb spirta, or any part of the same as shall have been so locked up as aforesaid, for falcand consumption in that part of Great Britain cdted Scotland, or for reftification, it shall and may be lawful to and for the of Of excise in Scotlandi upon application to them made, to order and allow such spirits to be so taken oatef such warehouse or warehouses, under the inspection of the proper furvfcyor or fupemfor and officer of excise of the district, tf vision, or place, wherein the said spirits shall have been Secured as aforesaid.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if, after taking such (lock as aforesaid any distilter or didiliers, to fctam such dock shall belong, shall not take out a licence for distiffint under this act, for and during the year from the fifth day tfjdf bne thousand seven hundred and eighty eight, then and in thit case no such spirits, nor any part thereof, shall, after the firth day of July aforesaid, be removed or sent out from the pofle&on t>f the said distiller or didiliers, without a regular permit or permits from the proper officer or officers of excise, who is and are hereby authorised and required to gjant the same according to the directions and regulations of the fevettd dilutes in that case made and provided; anything in this act contained to the wo trary in any ways notwithstanding.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every distiller and distilters Who (hah be defirms of

making spirits making or 'diddling spirits in that part of Great Britain called bew'ortrdto or export: ation from thence to that part of Great Bri

8couaud, nd u*n ca^cd Scotland, dr of shaking or diddling spirits in thatpirt

and8 Geo. j.c. 4.

Commissioners of excise Way allow spirits fosse icured, to be taken out for sale in Scotland! etc.

Jf didiliers, to whom frocks so taken belong, do not take out a licence for a year, no part thereof to be removed without a permit.

Distillers

1788.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 46. 4<jt

f Great Britain called Scotland for exportation from thence Id codtrariwife, that part of Great Britain called England shall, four days atto a lie lead before he, she, or they shall begin to brew any corn cntryof ftlllt r grain, or to mix any other materials for the making of ct(?, ^9

vaflv to be distilled into low wines, in order to extra spirits or fcxch exportation as aibrcsaid, make a true and partipulaf ftfry in writing at the next office of excise within the limits whereof his, her, or their workhouse, stillhouse, storehouse, rarehquse, or other place for distilling or keeping wash, low pioca, or spirits, is or shall be situatr, of all and every (till, ttppcr, tun, wash back, calk, or other vessel, which he, (he, jr they shall make use of for the brewing, distilling, working, making, laying, or keeping any worts, wah, low wines, or spirits j and also of the calks or vefieis which every such distill kr or distillers shall make use of, for the brewing, holding, or keeping of the afterrrunnmgs or feints from the second extraction, which shall from time to time be drawn from every such ftiu \ and also of all and every workhouse, stillhouse, storehouse, warehouse, or other place by him, her, or them, used for the preparing, distilling, or keeping wah, low wines, or spirits and shall also give or leave at the said office of excise, a notice io writing, specifying therein the day when he, she, or they dull intend to begin first to brew any corn or grain, or to mix apy other materials for the making of wah to be distilled into low wines, in order to extra spirits for such exportation as aforesaid; and in such notice shall also specify from what materials he, (he, qt they intends or intend to make such spirits for such exportation as aforesaid; is to say, whether from corn, grain, malt, cy and give under, perry, or other wah or liquor made or brewed from British ndt

materials, or any mixture therewith, or from melasses or fu begin to^rew gw, or any mixture therewith, or from foreign refused wine, any corn, etc. or foreign cyder, or wah prepared from foreign materials (except melasses and sugar), or any mixture therewith, and shall afterwards, from time to time, during the continuance of such entry, give or leave notice, in writing, at such office of excise, or with the officer of excise for the division or place where such spirits are intended to be made, four hours at the least before he, ffie, or they shall begin any such subsequent brewing or mixing, and in such notice shall specify the hour, when he, she, or they shall intend to begin; and shall also, from time to time, during the continuance of such entry, give or leave notice in writing at such office of excise, or with such officer of excise, four hours at the least before any wall is pumped up,

or otherwise conveyed into his, her, or their still or stills, and shall specify in such notice the hour when he, she, or they shall intend to begin; and if he, she, or they shall neglect or refuse Penalty of tomakefcich entry as aforesaid, or to give such respective no iool.for notices as aforesaid, every such distiller or distillers, for every such f^ntr^or offence, shall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds $ and if g lve fqch no sech distiller or distillers, having given such notice or notices tice. u aforesaid, shall not begin and "proceed in such respective Distillers not, K k 3 opera beginning

Good

492

their operations in an hour after the time specified in their notices; to give fresh ones, on penalty of iool.

No distillers permitted to make entry, or give notice of intention to make fpi rita in England to export to Scotland, or in Scotland to export to England, whose ttiils are not of the capacity herein mentioned, C

and such distillers to take out such licence as is herein after mentioned.

Manner of granting such licences.

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 46* [ 1 SI.

operations at the hour and time or times mentioned in fochi^ spective notices, or within one hour next afterwards, then every such notice and notices respectively shall be, and is and are bew* by declared to be null and void, and every such distiller and distillers shall be obliged to give a fresh and like notice or at, ices as aforesaid as the case may require; and in case any Ml distiller or distillers shall begin any such respective operatim without giving such fresh notice or notices respectively, in ak such first notice or notices shall respectively become void, tlw, and in every such case, such distiller and distillers so ofirming shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of one hondroft pounds.

XXXVI. Provided always, That nothing herein contam shall extend to permit or authorise any distiller or distiller* to enter or give notice of his intention to make spirits, inthat part of Great Britain called England, for exportation (torn thence to that part of Great Britain called Scotland, whose wall still will not contain one thousand six hundred galions, and Ihe spirit of low wine still eight hundred and fifty galions, nor to permit or authorise any distiller or distillers to enter or give notice of his intention' to make spirits in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for exportation from thence to that pair of Great Britain called England, whose wah still will not obtain two hundred galions, and the spirit or low wine still fifty galions; neither shall any distiller or distillers be intitled or permitted to distill spirits for such exportation as aforesaid, although he, she, or they may have made an entry as afordurf* unless he, she, or they (half actually have distilled into (pints all the wah and low wines in his, her, or their custody or pot session, for the making of spirits for home consumption, atleaft forty-eight hours before the day mentioned in such entry.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every distiller and distillers, and maker and makers of spirits in that part of Great Britain called Engtmly for exportation from thence to that part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall, before he, she, or they shall begin to make spirits for such exportation as aforesaid, take out such licence herein after mentioned, as the case may require, authoring such distiller and distillers, and maker and makers of spirits, to make spirits for such exportation as aforesaid; and such licences respectively shall be granted in manner herein after mentioned; that is to say, If any such licence shall be granted to authorise the distiller or distillers, or maker or makers of (pints, to whom the same shall be granted, to make spirits for suchex portation as aforesaid, within the limits of the chief office of excise in London, the same shall be granted under the hands id seals of two or more of the commissioners of excise in Engird for the time being, or of such persons as they the said commissioners of excise, or the major part of them for the time being, shall from time to time appoint for that purpose; but if any such licence dial] be granted to authorise the distiller or distillers,

1788.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 46. 493

Uftiliers, or maker or makers of spirits, to whom the same

hall be granted, to make spirits for such exportation as afore

aid in any part of the kingdom of England not within the said

icnits, the same shall be granted under the hands and seals of

he collector and supervisor of excise of the collection or district

n the kingdom of England within which the same shall autho

ifc the distiller or distillers, or maker or makers of spirits, to

whom the same shall be granted, to make spirits for such ex.

at ion as aforesaid $

+such commissioners of excise, or two or more of them, and the persons to be appointed by the said commissioners of excise in England, or the major part of them, and also all such collectors and supervisors, are hereby

respectively authorised and required to grant licences to the

distiller or distillers, or maker or makers of spirits, applying The following

for the same, on such distiller or distillers, or maker or makers duties to be

of spirits applying for the same, first paying for each such LI paid for Hccn

cence which shall be granted to authorise the distiller or distill ^c. 8.to.dl^11

iers, or maker or makers of spirits, to whom the same shall be said to export

granted to make spirits for such exportation as aforesaid, the to Scotland,

several duties and sums of money following, that is to say, viz.

For and upon every gallon, English wine measure, of the For every gal cubical content of each and every still, including the head, lonofthecon which shall be used or employed by such distiller or distillers, or maker or makers of spirits, in that part of Great Britain called materials are England, for making low wines or spirits from corn, grain, britia, 31. malt, tilts, cyder, or perry, or other wah or liquor made or brewed from any sort of british materials, or any mixture therewith, for exportation from thence to that part of Great Britain called Scotland, the sum of three pounds:

For and upon every galion, English wine measure, of the if melasses or cubical content of each and every still, including the head, sugar, which shall be used or employed by any such distiller or distillers, or maker or makers of spirits, in that part of Great bri tain called England, for making low wines or spirits from me lasses or sugar, or any mixture therewith, for such exportation as aforesaid, the sum of five pounds:

For and upon every galion, English wine measure, of the cu and if foreign bical content of each and every still, including the head, which wine

shall be used or employed by any such distiller or distillers, or C A maker or makers of spirits, in that part of Great Britain called England for making low wines or spirits from foreign refused wine or foreign cyder, or wah prepared from foreign materials (except melasses and sugar), or any mixture therewith, for such exportation as aforesaid, the sum of six pounds.

Which said respective duties and sums of money shall be paid by such person or persons, and at the respective times and in the manner herein after mentioned.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore Licencestobe said, That no person or persons shall begin to brew any corn taken out 10 or grain, or to mix any other materials for the making of wash to be dist.lied into low wines in order to extract spirits, in that gm to

K k 4 part

r

be distilled for exportation to Scotland

Penalty of

concc.

Manner of piytn* the

494 Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 46. [1788.

wake^wash to part of Great Britain called England, for exportation from thence to that part of Great Britain called Scotland, unless such person or persons shall take out such licence, in the manner as h in that behalf therein before directed, ten days at the lead before he, she, or they shall begin to brew any corn or grain, otto mix any other materials for the making of wash to be ditiii kd into low wines, in order to extract spirits for such exportation as aforesaid; if any person or persons shall begin to aocl. for neg brew any corn or grain, or to mix any other materials for the oin(dct?h^g making of wah to be distilled into low wines, in order to exul tract spirits, in that part of Great Britain called England, for exportation from thence to that part of Great Britain called Shetland, without taking out such licence as is in that behak herein before directed, the person or persons so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all and every distiller and distillers, and maker and makers of spirits, in that part of Great Britain called England,

licensed fuc w ta^e out ^ence as in lat behalf is before direct CD shall immediately pay down the proportion of the duty from the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty eight, to the day of granting such licence, and also one sixth part of the money hereby diiefted to be paid for such licence so to be taken out, and shall at the end of every two months, to be reckoned from the time of taking out such licence, pay down another sixth part of the money to be paid for such licence, until the whole of the money hereby directed to be paid for such licence shall be fully paid.

XL. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, To whom the That the said several sums of money to be paid for such LI are to cences respectively shall be paid to such persons as are herein after in that behalf respectively mentioned; that is to say, such thereof as shall be paid for licences which shall be granted to authorise any person or persons to make spirits for such exportation as aforesaid within the limits of the chief office of excise in London, shall be paid to the said of of excile in England for the time being; and such thereof as shall be paid for such licences which shall be granted to authorise any person or persons to make spirits for such exportation as aforesaid in any part of the kingdom of England not within the limits of the chief office of excise in London, shall be paid to the respetliie collectors of excise granting such respective licences.

XLI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the commissioners of excise, in England, and they are hereby authorised and required, to allow and repay to ail and every distiller and distillers, and maker and makers of spirits, in that part of Greet spirits for ex Britain called England, who shall be duly licensed according portation.and to ljlc directions of this act, and shall have withdrawn his, her, for home con or t^c*r entry for making spirits for such exportation as afore furiptiodjto aids and shall afterwards have made due entry for making spirits

We paid.

Distillers in fn^land wiihirawing their entries for making

1788.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 46. 495.

it for home consumption in that part of Great Britain called he allowed an Eiafgknd, a proportional abatement of the licence duty paid by.

udt distiller or distillers, or maker or makers of spirits, for or lctnc ^uty, sa refjpe# of the capacity or content of his, her, or their hat follows, 'rented still or stills, corresponding, as herein after mentioned, viz o the time during which he, she, or they shall use or employ such his, her, or their dill or stills, for the making low wines ir spirits from any of the materials aforesaid, for home consumption, in that part of Great Britain called England; (that is to say).

Far every day, during which he, she, or they shall use or employ any licensed dill or dills, to him, her, or them be jjmkinvfw lortging, for making low wines or spirits from corn, grain, ntsjf from malt, tilts, cyder, or perry, or other wafo or liquor made or British mate brewed from any sort of British materials, or any mixture rials, d. and therewith, for home consumption as aforesaid, twopence and Jvery eauon four tenths of a penny for every gallon of the cubical content of the con of each and every such still, including the head, soused: tents;

For every day, during which he, she, or they shall use or if from me employ any such fall or stills for making low wines or spirits lasses or fa from melasses or sugar, or any mixture therewith, for homek^d.; consumption as aforesaid, fourpence for every gallon of the cubical content of each and every such still, including the head, soused:

And for every day, during which lie, foe, or they shall use or and if from employ any such still or stills, for making low wines or spirits from foreign refused wine or foreign cyder, or wafo prepared and from foreign materials (except melasses and sugar), or any mix g.xoths. ture therewith, for home consumption as aforesaid, fourpence and eight tenths of a penny for every gallon of the cubical content of such still, including the head, To used.

XLII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

'That it shall and may be lawful for the of of ex Disttllcre in cife, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and they are Scotland ex hereby authorised and required, upon proof being made to traaing^nts their satisfaction, to allow or repay, within two months, to foltng* every distiller or distillers who shall have given or left such no land, to be al tice as aforesaid, of his, her, or their intention to brew corn lowed an or grain, or to mix any other materials for the making of wafo f^e^ceooe to be distilled into low wines, in order to extra spirits for ex fou

portation from that part of Great Britain called Scotland to that lows; viz. part of Great Britain called England, a proportional abatement of the licence duty paid by such distiller or distillers, for or in respect of the capacity or content of his, her, or thehr still or stills, corresponding to the time during which he, she, or they shall use or employ any still or stills for the making low wines os (pints from any of the materials aforesaid, for exportation from that part of Great Britain called Sciland to that part of

496 Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 46.

[17$$.

Great Britain called England, in the manner following; that to say.

For every day

the still is used por every jay, during which he, she, or they shall ofe rit^vfrorrt* or emply any licensed (till or stills for the making of low British mate wines or spirits from corn, grain, malt, tilts, cyder, or per rial, ad.and ry, or any sort of British materials, or any mixture there 4-10ths for with, for exportation as aforesaid, the sum of twopence and th^comitents^ fourteenths of a penny for every gallon of the cubical cost'tent of each and every such (till, including the head, so ufod:

if from melasses or sugar,

4d.;

and if from foreign refused wines, C 4d. and 3 xoths.

For every day, during which he, she, or they shall use or employ any such dill or stills for the making of low wines or (pints from melasses or sugar, or any mixture therewith, for exportation as aforesaid, the sum of fourpence for every gallon of the cubical content of each and every such still, including the head, soused:

For every day, during which he, she, or they shall use or employ any such still or stills, for the making of low wines or spirits from foreign refused wine, or foreign cyder. Or waft prepared from foreign materials (except melasses and sugar), or any mixture therewith, for exportation as aforesaid, the sum of fourpence and eight tenths of a penny for every galkxi of the cubical content of each and every such still, including the head, soused.

XLIII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore Duties to be said. That all and every such distiller and distillers (hadl from paid m a time to tjme pay an(j cjear Gff a|j the fajj duties, within one ofcforfeitingid week next after the respective days for or in respea whereof the double thee same accrued, on pain of forfeiting, for every neglect or refu duty. fal to pay the same within such one week, double the sum of the said duties respectively.

XLIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Penalty of That all and every distiller and distillers, and maker and ma aool on di kers of spirits, in that part of Great Britain called England, for charffinkwa(h exportation from thence to that part of Great Britain called stills as herein Scotland, and all and every distiller and distillers, and maker and directed, or makers of spirits, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, not working for exportation from thence to that part of Great Britain called dun Engfondi flwll, before he, she, or they shall begin to draw off C any low wines from his, her, of their wah (till, charge the same with wort or wah, in the proportion of not less than four parts in five of the whdle quantity of liquor which such still, including the head, is capable of containing; and that every such wash still shall be worked off within the space of twenty-four hours, to be computed from the time of the officers taking an account of the charge of such still; and that all and every such distiller and distillers, and maker and makers of spirits, who shall begin to draw off any low wines until his,

1788.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 46.

her, or their wash dill shall have been charged in manner hereinbefore directed, or after having been so charged shall not work the same off within such twenty-four hours, he, she, or they shall, for each and every such offence, forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds.

XLV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every dill belonging to any distiller or didiliers, or maker or makers of spirits, in chat part of Great Britain called scot land, for exportation from thence to that part of Great Britain called England, who shall have begun to extract spirits for such exportation as aforesaid, shall be used and employed for the miking low wines or spirits five days at the lead during the first week, to be computed from the time when he, she, or they shall (6 begin to extra spirits for such exportation as aforesaid j and every such dilkshall also, after such fird week, during the continuance of his, her, or their entry for exportation as aforesaid, be used and employed as aforesaid such number of days as herein after mentioned; that is to say, five days in every week during the continuance of such entry for exportation as aforesaid, betwixt the fifteenth day of November inelusive, and the fifteenth day of May exclusive; and four days in every week during the continuance of such entry for exportation as aforesaid, betwixt the fifteenth day of May inelusive, and the fifteenth day of November exclusive: and if any such distiller or didiliers, or maker or makers, who shall have begun to extract spirits for such exportation as aforesaid, shall not use and employ every dill belonging to him, her, or them, for the making of low wines or spirits, five days at the lead during the fird week, to be computed from the time when he, she, or they shall so begin to extra spirits for such exportation as aforer said $ if such distiller or didiliers, or maker or makers, shall not, after such fird week, during the continuance of his, her, or their entry for exportation as aforesaid, use and employ every such dill as aforesaid five days in every week during the continuance of such entry for exportation as aforesaid, betwixt the fifteenth day of November inelusive, and the fifteenth day of May exclusive; and four days in every week, during the continuance of such entry for exportation as aforesaid, betwixt the fifteenth day of May inelusive, and th fifteenth day of November exclusive he, she, or they, shall, for each and every day in which such distiller or didiliers, or maker or makers, shall not use every dill to him, her, or them belonging, in manner as aforesaid, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

XLVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no wah which shall be brewed or made according to the rules, regulations, and provisions of this a for extracting low wines or spirits for exportation from that part of Great Britain called England, to that part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be charged or chargeable with any duty or duties of excise granted by any a or as of parliament heretofore made.

XLVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

497

Distiller in Scotland, of spirits for exportation to England, to work as often as herein mentioned, on penalty of 50l. for each day's omission.

Wash for extracting spirits for exportation from England to Scotland, not to be chargeable with excise duty.

Distillers for exportation in England and Scotland to produce to the officer the within mentioned quantities of spirits from the within mentioned quantities of waib;

and if the

proportion of (pints fall (nort, to pay the following duties, viz.

For every deficient galion, if the materials be british, is. 9d.

if melasses or sugar, i8. xod.

aq.

and if foreign refused wine, C 5 %

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 45. [1781.

fa id. That all and every distiller or distillers who Stall make at distill spirits, in that part of Great Britain called England, for exportation from thence to that part of Great Britain called Jutland \ or who shall make or distill spirits in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, for exportation from thence to that part of Great Britain called England, shall, for every one hundred gallons of wah prepared or made from corn, grain, malt tilts, yyder, or perry, or any sort of British matenafa, or any mixture therewith, for extracting spirits for exportation as aforesaid, found in his, her, or their custody or possession, betwixt the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty eight, and the sixth day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty nine, produce to the sight of the officer or officers of excue at least sixteen gallons and an half of fspirits of the strength of one to ten over hydrometer proof; for every om hundred gallons of with prepared or made from melasses or sugar, or any mixture therewith, for extracting spirits for exportation as aforesaid, found in his. Iter, or their custody or possessioa, betwixt the days last aforesaid, produce to the sight of the officer or officers of excise at least eighteen gallons uni an half of spirits of the strength aforesaid; and for every one hundred gallons of wah prepared or made from foreign refused wine, or foreign cyder, or wah prepared from foreign materials (except mcjaltes and sugar), or any mixture therewith, for extracting spirits for exportation as aforesaid, found in his, her, or their custody or possession, betwixt the days list aforesaid, produce to the sight of the officer or officers of excise at least sixteen gallons and an half of spirits of the strength aforesaid; that in every case where the produce of spirits extracted by any such distiller or distillers betwixt the days aforesaid, shall fall Short of the proportions aforesaid, every such distiller and distillers shall, and he, (he, and they, is and are hereby made chargeable with and shall pay the following duties of excise for every gallon of spirits which shall be deficient of the quantities aforesaid; is to say:

For every gallon of such spirits from wah prepared or made from corn, grain, malt, tilts, cyder, or perry, or any sort of British materials, or any mixture therewith, for extnding spirits for exportation as aforesaid, two Shillings and nine pence: '

For every gallon of such spirits from wah prepared or made from melailes or sugar, or any mixture therewith, for extracting spirits for exportation as aforesaid, two Shillings and ten pence halfpenny:

And for every gallon of such spirits from wash prepared or made from foreign refused wine, or foreign cyder, or wah prepared from foreign materials (except melaflbs and sugar), re any mixture therewith, for extracting spirks for exportation as aforesaid, five Shillings:

Which respeduvc duties for such deficiencies respectively shall be

1788.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 4tf. 499

yt paid by ftieh distiller and distillers respectively on the day Persons make! aft aforesaid; and if default shall be made in any such pay !ng dctau, t nent, the distiller and distillers respectively making such de foi^eu^ouble imlt (Kail forfeit double the amount of the duty by this at itn the duty. >6fed for or irt respect of such deficiency.

XLVIII. Andy for the preventing frauds which disliliers for fab+exfurtation as of or esaid may commit, by privately removing and tomeaaling the wash iow watts or spirits, and in order that the of

fair may obtain true gauges of the same, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no wash that shall be brewed or mixed by any such distiller or distiller for extracting spiritl Regulations for such exportation as aforesaid, shall be pumped up into the ftih or dills, or otherwise removed from the back or vessel backs, and wherein the same was fermented, but in the presence of the of spirits for ex ficct of excise under whole survey, he, she, or they shall then pormion be; and all and every such distiller and distillers shall, and he, ^jfmuft (he, and they respectively is and are hereby required to run or^don^in draw offhis, her, or their low wines immediately from the still the presence into an entered vessel only, and to continue them therein, so of au officer that the officers of excise may take a true gauge of such low and jruaged; Hines; and such distiller and distillers respectively shall pro ar(j8 bear vide a proper caflt, which shall be duly entered and gauged, ed in ware info which the spirits shall run immediately from the still, which houses, C calk shall be futtdent to contain the whole produce of spirits to be extracted from each still, when made up to the strength of one to ten over hydrometer proof 5 and when the whole quantity of spirits shall be collected in such calk from each still, all and every such distiller and distillers shall, and he, (he, and they rtfpe&ieely is and are hereby required immediately to make up such spirits, in the presence of the officer of excise, to the strefngth of one to ten over hydrometer proof, and a true gauge of such spirits so made up shall then be taken by the officer of excise, Who shall keep an exact account thereof j and such spirits, and every part thereof, shall immediately afterwards be put into calks, and secured, in the presence of the officer of excise, in a warehouse or warehouses to be provided, add duly entered at the proper office of excise, and kept for that purpose by and at the expense of such distiller and distillers, which spirits shall be kept there separate and apart from all spirits made for home consumprion, and no spirits for home consumption shall be put into the lame warehouse 5 and such warehouse and warehouses shall be secured under three locks and three keys to each such warehouse in which such spirits shall be secured, one of such locks to be provided by such distiller, and the ofher two locks to be provided by the surveyor, fopervisor, or officer of excise of the division of place where such spirits shall be locked up, at the expense of such distiller Or distillers, whereof one key of each place shall be kept by such tfiftitter or distillers, and another by such surveyor or supervisor, and the third by such officer of excise, unfit the same spirits shall be delivered out for reification, or

o

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 4 [17

afterwards for such exportation as aforesaid; which wareborise and warehouses shall be made well and Efficiently fecore to mf satisfaction and approbation of the respective surveycwrs or A pervifors of excise for the time being, in whole divhioa f district any such warehouse or warehouses shall be finiatcitf whose approbation thereof shall be signified in writing, under the hands of such surveyor or supervisor; and such respedmr surveyors or supervisors are hereby required to attend, on its sonable notice to them given by the respective distillers, in or Distillers re der to view the same: and if any distiller or distillers, for (bcb moving wash exportation as aforesaid, shall, contrary to the directions f from backs, this a(jtf pump up into the (till or (tills, or otherwise remove off q>irita^ any such wash as aforesaid from the back or vessel wherein At from (tills, same wds fermented, but in the presence of the officer of aft j contrary to cife under whose survey he, she, or they shall then be, or Act this act, C nol run 0flf^ or q^q(c to be run off his, her, or their low wims immediately from the (till into an entered vessel only, or Act not continue the same in such entered vessel, so that the offioefi of excise may take a true gauge of such low wines, or ftdt neglect or refuse to provide a proper cask into which the spiritr shall run immediately from the (till as aforesaid, ortocnterfodi calk, or shall run on any spirits from the (till into any cat except such caflc hereinbefore directed to be provided, or when the whole quantity of spirits shall be collected as afiat*, said, neglect or refuse immediately to make up, in the preface of the officer of excise, such spirits to the strength of one to MU or obstructing over hydrometer proof; or shall by any ways or means prevwt, the officer in hinder, or obstruct the officer of excise from taking a gauge W gauges f the wah, low wines, or spirits, or to take a (ample pcs, C samples of them, or any of them, or to try the proof of the spirits, (which gauges, samples, and trials of proofs, they, are hereby empowered to take and make as often as such offior of excise shall think fit, and which samples shall be returned by the officers of excise to the respective traders, wjien the commissioners of excise shall find it expedient to give directions far that purpose), or shall neglect or refuse, immediately after Ac spirits are so made up to the strength aforesaid, to put suck spirits into casks, and secure the same, in the presence of tl* officer of excise, in a warehouse or warehouses, according to ornrglefting the directions of this act; or shall neglect or refuse to provide to provide and keep a warehouse or warehouses for that purpose, or to fc warehouses, curc tfic fatnc wcjj ancj Efficiently, according to the directioot c'*of this act, or to provide or keep such warehouse or warehouses

with locks and keys for securing such spirits for such exportation as aforesaid or to enter such warehouse or warehouses for that purpose at the proper office of excise, or shall make use of any warehouse or warehouses, or other place or places for keeping spirits for such exportation as aforesaid, before tbft same shall have been first approved of, according to the directions of this act, or shall put into or keep in such warehouse or warehouses any spirits made for home consumption; or if aby

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 46. 501

iiailler or distillers, or any other person or persons what by his, her, or their order, privity, connivance, or di 1, after any such spirits shall have been locked up and d in any warehouse or warehouses for keeping spirits for xportation as aforesaid, shall open any of the locks or or opening in the absence of the proper surveyor or supervisor, and of excise, or shall make any way or kind of entrance ofi*leer. ny such warehouse or warehouses, or shall remove any whatever of the partition between any warehouse or ware i for keeping spirits for. such exportation as aforesaid, or her place or places what foe ver next thereunto adjoining, after any such warehouse or warehouses shall have to approved of as aforesaid, make any addition to, or in ay alter the same without notice first given to the proper or or supervisor of excise of the division or district in \ any such warehouse or warehouses shall be situate, of mended addition to or alteration in such warehouse or loufcs, and his consent in writing hrft had and obtained s finrtc; or shall remove any of the said spirits from any or removing ] up warehouse or warehouses, to any other warehouse or spirits; loufes for keeping spirits, before the same be taken out for immediate reification or to be immediately put on oard and exported as aforesaid; or shall by any art, con ice, or device whatsoever, remove, convey away, or conor concealing or cause, procure, or suffer to be removed, conveyed wart3&c*

or concealed, any of the wash or low wines for making for such exportation as aforesaid, or any such spirits, her raw or ratified, cither before the same are put into the toufe br warehouses, or afterwards; then, and in each and such case, such distiller and distillers, for every such of, shall forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds. toforfcitiool.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the >rity aforesaid, That in case it shall at any time happen If spirits can the spirits distilled for such exportation as aforesaid in one not be locked belonging to any such distiller or distillers cannot, for a arc* of time, be conveyed from the spirit cask (into which muvbe arc directed to be run immediately from the still) and guaged and ?d up in the warehouse or warehouses as herein before is secured in the:ed, the officer of excise shall gauge the same, and fe spintcalk, the lid of the said spirit calk, and take samples thereof, gaiiondc^h spirits shall be locked up in such warehouse or ware C cafc therein es the next morning, (if not intended for immediate ex the distiller to ation as aforesaid; if it shall appear that any decrease forhht 103. been made in the quantity or quality of the said spirits (o ted, or in case any such spirits shall have been removed in ibfence of the officer of excise, in either of the said cases distiller or distillers shall, for every gallon of such spirits, alated at the strength of one to ten over hydrometer proof, ecreased or removed, forfeit the sum of ten Shillings, u And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, at when any such distiller or distillers for exportation shall Pliers de'

'ks 1, 1, 0115 uk

5*

ing spirita from warehouses, to give four hours previous notice to the officer.

who is to attend and see the same taken out.

If spirits are

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. tn

be desirous to take any of his, her, or their spirits out 1 of the said warehouses where the same shall be so lodbfef i in order to be rectified, or when reaifkd and again < such warehouse or warehouses, in order to be put ' on shipboard for such exportation as aforesaid, he, (he,

shall thereof give notice in writing to the surveyororf or officer of excise of the division or district where shall be (b locked up, by the space of four hours time he, she, or they shall begin to take out the same i said, and shall also specify in such notice the predfc hour of such day, when he, she, or they shall or i taking any such spirits out of such warehouse or war and shall also specify in such notice the quantity and spirits he, she, or they intends or intend to take out, there such spirits are raw or rectified, and out of what [ lar warehouse the same are intended to be taken out for I cation, or for immediate exportation as aforesaid; if] case, such respective surveyor, supervisor, or officer is i hereby required to attend pursuant to such notice,spective places where such spirits shall be locked up, the quantity of spirits taken out in pursuance of such I and he or they is and are hereby required to take an ( count of the same: and in case any such distiller or

jool.

not taken out shall not begin and proceed to take such spirits out of 1 n, warehouse or warehouses at the hour and time specifiedla specifiedinme n^l, ccj or within one hour next after such time, the! the notice, a such notice shall be, and the same is hereby declared fresh one mud void, and such distiller or distillers shall be, and is be given. hereby obliged to give a frerti and like notice in manner,

said, four hours at the least before he, she, or they shall to take any such spirits out of such warehouse or war*Distillers neg and in case any such distiller or distillers shall neglect or I ledting to to give such notice before he takes out any of the I |tc?toforfeit r'ts* to specify in such notice the particulars

required, or to give a fresh notice, in manner aforesaid, I hours at the least before he, she, or they shall begin to 1 out any such spirits, in case he, she, or they shall not T and proceed to take out such spirits at the hour and tini cified in the said first notice, or within one hour next atari time, such distiller or distillers shall, in every such case,] cvcrv such offence, forfeit the sura of one hundred pounds.

LI. And be it further enacted by the authority That, when any raw spirits shall be so taken out for tien in pursuance of such notice, the same shall be*ly pumped up or put, in the presence of the officer of < into the still or stills, and be rectified forthwith, and tt' shall be run offimmediately from the still into a like < before directed to be provided and entered for the < spirits immediately distilled from low wines j and Wto whole quantity of such spirits designed to be rectified I collevfted in such task from each still, the same shall be

Regulations in rectifying raw spirits taken oot of warehouses.

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. 0: 46. 503

Iiately made up, in ihe presence of the officer of excise, to the bength of one to ten over hydrometer proof, t which strength ill such spirits are to be exported, and a true gauge of such pints so made up shall then be taken by the officer of excise, who shall keep arvexadt account thereof, and such spirits shall msaed lately afterwards be put into casks, and in the presence f the officer of excise, either carried diredjy on shipboard for inch exportation as aforesaid, (if intended to be so imme chately exported), or else into such warehouse or warehouses to be locked up in manner aforesaid '

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That when any distiller or diflilltri of spirits in that part of Ontaking out Great Britain called England, for exportation from thence to ^reho^ufesto dime part of Great Britain called Scotland or in that part of 5c rectified. Great Britain called Scotland, for exportation from thence to allowances to that part of Great Britain called England, shall take out any be made of (pints from the warehouse or warehouses wherein the same two gallon shall have been locked up, in order to have such spirits recti fo/decrea^, fied or compounded before the exportation thereof as aforesaid, such distiller or distillers shall in consider^tien of wade be allowed two gallons in every one hundred gallons of such spirits ib to be rectified or compounded, and so after that rate fjpr a' greater or less quantity; which allowance of two gallons in every one hundred gallons of spirits so rectified or cornpoirpd* ed, shall be in full compensation for all wade, loss, or data age whatsoever, (except in cases of unavoidable accidents, which shall be proved to the satisfaction of the commissioners of excise in England or Scotland? as < the case may require) \ and any and for any decrease shall at any. time appear in the quantity of spirits (o extra deft taken out by any such distiller or distillers to be rectified or compounded, except such as can. or may be accounted for by counted for the allowance aforesaid, every such distiller and distillers shall a duty to be be charged, and the officers of excise are hereby required 40 pd of 58. charge him, her, or them for all spirits so found to be deficient per galion, and not properly.accounted for, with a duty at and after the rate of five Shillings and sixpence per gallon: provided always,

That nothing in this ai contained shall extend, or be deemed Spiptsmaybe orconfirued to extend, 10 hinder any maker of spirits for such font from the exportation as aforesaid, from sending such spirits out of his any maker of locked up warehouse to any other distiller, provided such ma spirits to any kef of spirits lending, the same, and the distiller who shall otherdiftiliar, receive the same, do, before such spirits are taken out of the under there warehouse, give bond with sufficient security, to be approved here inmen* of as any other security is directed by this act to be approved, tioned. in double the value of such spirits, and five Shillings and sixpence per gallon for the due and fair exportation of Ibch spirits from that part of Great Britain called England, to that part of Great Britain called Scotland, or from that part of Great Britain called Scotland, to that part of Great Britain called England, as the case may require, within three months next after the date of such respective bond 5 and provided leave for that purpose. XXXVI LI ' be

504 Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 46.

be first obtained in writing from the commissioners of odfc in jin&land or Settkndfor the time being, as the care ohfh> choir, and that notice thereof shall have been*given to tildt beer of excise, under whose survey such distiller shall thutty' twenty*four hours at the lead, in order that such cfiotrmi receive the same into such distiller's (lock; and providsdiw spirits be removed with a proper certificate from an efiora excise and when such spirits shall be so received by fechtfl ler, the same shall be under the like direction as to thenak cation and exportation thereof, and all other matters and tbigl as if such spirits had been rectified and exported acconbaili the regulations of this aby the maker thereof, and nit distiller shall, for breach of any of the said dirofhont, be Mi jedl to the like penalties as the maker of such spirits wookttap been for the like offences.

LIII. And be it further enacted by the authority afadm| oifttuers who That when any such distiller or distiller shall be defiros % tt havedmilled (Milling any spirits for home consumption, and shall km intofplritsfor anally difiilled into spirits all the wah, low wines, andfrjn exportation, in his, her, or their custody or possession, for the auidafes( may make a spirits for such exportation as aforesaid, and such spirits m0 firelh entry for^locked up in the warehouse as herein after is directedrfo (he, or they may withdraw his, her, or their entry see M exportation, and shall be at liberty to make s firelh and likt' try for making spirits for home consumption; and lit. ife piration of four days after such entry made, but not feona^tt shall and may be Lawful for such distiller anddimers to bj|l to brew or mix materials for wah to be distilled into fopt wool, penalty for home consumption; if any such distiller or dim shall begin to brew or mix materials for wash, tobediium into spirits for home consumption, without having made feck entry, or contrary to any of the directions in that behalf afe$ find, be, she, or they shall, for every such offence, forint tk fern of two hundred pounds.

LIV. And be it further enacted by the authority afansaid, fr, That the exporter of any such spirits shall, immediafclf she ue export* the same, give bond, with (uffident fecunty, tien of spirits; he approved of by the respective of of m is England and Sctiland, or the mqor part of them, or thepnptf officer or officers of excise, inten Shillings gallon fer tack and every gallon of such spirits; that the particular spirits h " intended to be exported, and every part thereof, (hill (the danger of the Teas and enemies excepted) be shipped slides ported to the port or place to which the same respectrdy intended to be exported, and shall not be exported or canied V to any other place or country whatsoever; and Hull not ke unshipped, unladled, or put on board any other ship, wb, or boat in Great Britain, ((hlpwreck and other unavoidabkac* cident excepted), not relanded in that part of Great which the same shall have been so made; which bond the of fiect of excise of the port from whence such spirits shall be a

for siting

contrary

hereto.

Bond to be

}.) Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 4 505

i, appointed for that purpose by the said respective liftmen of excise, or the major part of them respect for the time being, ia hereby directed to take,

Idaicf fy'a name, and to his majesty's use; provid 1* tn, after the shipping any such spirits, the same, or pnt thereof shall be uhshipped, unladled, or laid on dr pot Into any other ship, vessel, or boat in and if after,

((hipwreck or other unavoidable accident excepted), that tad in every such case, over and above the penalty of the ejljli0 or 1 'which shall be' levied and recovered to his majesty's A Bach spirits which shall be so unshipped, unladled, or m land, or put into any other ship, vessel, or boat in! Britain, (shipwreck or other unavoidable accident ex

1), or the value thereof, shall be forfeited; and such t shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of ex

f. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid:

: bonds shall be discharged upon the production of How hoods tificate under the hands and Teals of two or more of the nissioners of excise, in that part of Great Britain to which C*saints shall be so exported, testifying the due landing sf such production of such certificate to be made to, the dot or other chief officer of excise of the port from whence (pints were exported, within six months from the date of hood, testifying such landing of such spirits; or such b'shall be tmcharged upon proof that such spirits were t by enemies, or perished in the sea, or by fire; the exa fwnaod proof thereof being left to the judgement of the nissioners of excise in England and Stttland respectively, or Mar part of them respectively.

ft. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

I for every galion, English wine measure, of spirits of a fd.per

ri not exceeding thatx of one to tn jeer hydrometer*!*? tpfb?> which shall be made or manufactured in that part of imported t Britan called Stotlond, and imponed or brought from from Scotlandinto that part of Great Britain calied, there into England.

1 Repaid by the importer thereof, before the landing therein txcile duty of two Shillings and nine pence. ftl And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, ft the proprietor or proprietors, importer or importers. Entry to be igpee or consignees of spirits made or manufactured in that ink>rted of Great Britain called Stttland, and imported from thence from gcot i that part of Great Britain called Engwithin twenty land, and im* inert after the arrival of the ship or vessel wherein any port duty to Spirits (hah be lb imported, within the port, in that part ktai Britain called England, where such spirits shall be in jd ao bd to be landed, shall make due entry with the collector days,

Mile of the said port of all such spirits on board of such for vessel belonging to fitch proprietor or proprietors, im mr or importers, consignee or consignees; and shall then,

Nfore, satisfy and pay the import duties of excise by this L 1 2 aft

56

otherwise to be forfeited,

and to be publickly sold; and the overplus, after satisfying the duties, to be given the of ticer.

the commissioner may inward the officers if there be no overplus.

In entries of spirits imported from Scotland, the number of calks, etc. to b?inserted, on penalty of forfeiture.

No spirits to be Pent from Scotland to England, or from England toScotland, by land, or in vessels of lef8 lhan.70 tonnes, or in a calk containing left than 100 galions, on penalty of for leiture, with the vessels, etc.

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 46. [1788.

a imposed for or in respect of such spirits, and land the same; and if such proprietor or proprietors, importer or importer), consigneeorconsignees, shall neglect or refuse to make such entry, or to pay such duties, or to land such spirits wkhin tud twenty days, all such spirits shall be forfeited, together wife the calks and packages containing the same, and shall andmij be seized by any officer or officers of excise; the coo mi flioners of excise in England shall cause all such spirits to be publicly sold to the best bidder, at such places astheyflus think proper, for and towards satisfying the import duties bj this a imposed for or in respect of such' spirits, and theowr plus, if any, shall be applied to and for the benefit of the officer or officers of excise who shall seize the same; and incite the money arising from such sale of such spirits shall not be sufficient to satisfy, or shall barely satisfy, the said import done, then and in such case the officer or officers of excise, who shall seize such spirits, shall be rewarded in such manner as the said commissioners of excise shall think proper > such reward not exceeding one shilling per galion, and to be in lieu of all other allowances.

LVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all entries so to be made of any spirits made or m nufactured in that part of Great Britain called form, and imported from thence into that part of Great Britain called landy the number of casks or other packages containing fiidi spirits, with the particular numbers and marks of each of them, on board of each respective flup or vessel in which the same (had be so imported, shall be inferred, on pain, for every neglefior refusal thereof, to forfeit all such spirits, with the cask or other package wherein the same shall be contained; and the few shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of excise.

LX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no spirits, whether raw, rectified, or compounded, tmdt in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be removed or carried from that part of Great Britain called Scotland to that part of Great Britain called England, by land carriage, m'shah any spirits made or manufactured in that part of grej Britain called England be removed or carried from thence i: that part of Great Britain called Scotland, by land carriage, n: r any spirits made or manufactured in that part of Great Bntcu called Scotland, be imported or brought into that part of Gw: Britain called England, nor any spirits made or manufactured in that part of Great Britain called England, be imported cr brought into that part of Great Britain called Scotland in an. ship, veftd, or boat of any less burden than seventy tonnes, or in any enfk or package which shall not contain one hundred gallons of such spirits at the leafti on pain of forfeiture of au fuel) spirits as shall be so removed or carried, or imported or brought contrary to any or either of the prohibitions aforesaid, together with the casks or packages containing such spirits, ard the ships, vessels, or boats, horses, cattle, and carriages en

1788.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 46;

doyed in such importation, removal, or carriage thereof; nd such (pints, casks, packages, ships, vessels, boats, horses, attle, and carriages, shall and may be (Seized by any officer or officers of excise.

LX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Hm no spirits made or manufactured in that part of Great Britain called England, shall be imported or brought into that art of Great Britain called Scotland, of a strength exceeding hat of one to ten over hydrometer proof, nor shall any spirits Bade or manufactured in that part of Great Britain called scot and, be imported or brought into that part of Great Britain ailed England, except as herein after provided, of a strength exceeding that of one to ten over hydrometer proof, cn pain of orfeiture of all such spirits, together with the casks and pack iges containing the same; and such spirits, calks, and pack iges shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of ex: ife: provided always, That if the strength of any spirits, manufactured and imported from that part of Great Britain called Scotland, into that part of Great Britain called England as afore Taid, shall be greater than that of one to ten over hydrometer proof, and such excels shall not exceed three per centum over and above the said strength of one to ten over hydrometer ptoof as aforesaid, then and in such case the said spirits shall not be forfeited, but shall be charged with a further duty proportioned to their said fur pi us strength.

LXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That when any spirits, made or manufactured in that part of Great Britain called England, shall be lent by water from that pan of Great Britain called England to that part of Great Britain called Scotland, or any spirits made or manufactured in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be sent by water from thence to that part of Great Britain called England, the same shall be accompanied with a permit from the proper officer of excise, or, in default thereof, such spirits, with the calks and packages containing the same, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of excise; air ways, That no stich spirits shall be liable to feizurefor or on account of any small difference or deficiency in tlte gaiige of such spirits at the time of their arrival in port, when the same shall be proved to have been occasioned by accident and withoi^i fraud.

LXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the commissioners of excise in Scotland shall, within the space of one month after the time of granting any pennir for the removal of any Byit; j? \x\u\z spirits from any port or place in Scotland to any port qr place in England, fr an firm the counterpart of such permit, or cause the same to be transmittgd to the commissioners of excise in England, in order that the said of in England may, and they are hereby directed and required to cause /ome proper officer or officers to examine jqdchecque therewith the permit by whi$h such spirits; shall

507-

If spirits be imported into Scotland from England of a strength greater than 1 to 10 over hydrometer proof, they arc forfeited.

but not in the latter case, if the excess should not exceed 3 per centum over that strength, C

Spirits sent by water from England to Scotland, C to be accompanied with a permit, on penalty of for feitui e.

Spirits not liable to fti zure for a small deficiency in the gauge.

Counterparts

of permits or exporting spirits from Scotland to he transmitted 16 the of of ev cife in England i

have been removed as aforesaid, and also in order that a fonkr and a dupli chccqoe may be bad upon the removal of such spirttz, a daps cate of the cate of such clearance shall be forthwith transmitted to the pro" "*? officer or officers of the customs, at the port in Bmpl port of land where such spirits are intended to be landed, who are benby fog in Eng authorised and required to compare the dune with the tribes land.'their arrival.

LXIII. And whereas the manufacture ej spirits,

Maid (tone Geneva, tflabhjbtd Maidstone in tbt emutty sfkbnt, by George Bishop tf that plan, which manufacture is different from any other manufacture of spirits in Great Britain, as Well with respect to the quality of the as to the proofs by.

which it is made: and whereas the manufacture requires ft large a proportion of wafts to produce a given quantity of spirits, atto render it impojlibu to continue the said manufacture if tie rtttsef duties preferred by tbt said act, made in the twenty fheth year a __ tbt reign of bit present Majesty, and continued by tbu ab, be m bishop of* hr'a cn Mb *"*[ wjb be it therefore enacted by the a Maidstone to thority aforesaid, That, during the continuance of this SS, pajr 161. ad. there shall be paid by the said George, for every ninety, for every 96 six gallons of wah which he shall produce from a weigh of walhmade mat or 0,'er corn inc*u<*'ng the bran thereof, and not a from not ceeding one hundred and twelve pounds, the sum of sixteta more than Shillings and fourpence, being at the rate of two pence m.d. ulb. ofcomi one sixth part of a farthing per gallon.

and for every

LXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, x1*dkc^w That for every one hundred and twelve pounds weight of ttak a'lowed him or other com, before the same is separated from the bm of 8 gallon thereof, soused by the said George Bishop, be shall be allowed and 13d of a credit in the boors of the proper officer or officers of ebedfe, spiriu of 1 in of not Qjofo than eight gallons and one third part of a galtec ammeter" fp*rits a the strength. of one in six under bydrometer proof. proof.

LXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, If ha sells fpi That the said George Bishop shall not sell or send out any spirits nts stronger whatsoeer of a greater degree of strength than that of doe in under hydro un<*er hydrometer proof j and if the said Bishop shall

metre proof, sell or send out any spirits whatsoever, contrary to the true into be forfeit tent and meaning of this act, such spirits, together with the cades and vessels'containing the same, and the horfos, cattle, cans, and carriages made use of in the removal thereof, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of excise.

LXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Undo excess That if, on carting up the (lock of the said George Bishop, any officer or officers 81 excise shall find the quantity of fmits contained in such dock to exceed the quantity for which the said George Bishop it entitled to credit, at the strength of ape m six under hydrometer proof, after deducing and allowing for the quantity of spirits for which permit shall have been granted to the said George Bishop, then, and in every such case, the excess

found

1788.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 46. 509

shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any or officers of excise. sxvil And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid -

the Cud George Bishop (h3lj make use of any malt is hours no i mj  rt for the purpose of making any wort or wall, he shall tice of his pire twelve hours notice in writing to the officer of excise under to\cdj5^n^ ibofe survey he shall then be of his intention to use the same, on penalty of order that the said officer may attend to weigh such nlait or aool. n; and if the said George Bishop shall neglect to give such no: as aforesaid, he shall, for every such neglect, forfeit the sum r two hundred pounds,

LXVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore mli That, for the purpose of enabling the proper officer dr a (till to be officers of excise to ascertain the strength of the wah on which provided by fmch duty as aforesaid shall have been charged, the said George to

lep shall provide, and from time to time keep, in his distill jsswtoaf houseat Maidstone aforesaid, a small (till, with a worm and certain the ob complete, of a iize sufficient to distill at one time twenty strength of air gallons of wall, and which quantity of wall such officer wort*ctc# r officers is and are hereby empowered to take and distill for the pose aforesaid, when and as often as he or they shall think*and if twenty-four gallons of such wah so distilled shall found to produce more than two gallons and one eighth of gallon of spirits, at the strength of one in six under hydro ter proof, then the whole quantity of wall from which such ity four gallons were taken shall be charged by the proper er or officers of excise with a duty of one shilling per gal and which shall become payable immediately on such barge being made.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be Mr. Bishop lawful for the said George Bishop, during the continuance of this nt to distill ak to carry on the trade of distilling Geneva in any other jhaotis1^1 place or places than those now occupied by him for that pur sent W0I^C* pose at Adaidfiom* or therein pfe any stills, backs, or other house, etc. utensils, of larger dimensions than those now in use in the said manufactory.

LXX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That such of the duties by this 26k imposed as shall arise in that Duties to be part of Great Britain called England shall be under the mar om million nagement of the commissioners of excise in England for the ln Gf cxdre. time being; and such thereof hs shall arise in that part of Great Britain called Scotland shall be tipder the management of the commissioners of excise in Scotland for the time being.

LXXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, i^allonsof

That if any distijler or distillers who shall make or distill, in foini8, of the

that part of Great Britain called England any spirits for home strength of X

consumption, hall, within the year which shall end on the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty nine, ploot, for

extrac^ more than nineteen gallons of spirits of the strength of home con

ppe.to ten over hydrometer proof, for every hundred gallons fumption, be

of ytgftu within the time aforesaid, found in his, her, or their so.ujml fxtr*r*'Tcdlrom 100

J u custody gajjoniof

o

wash, 58. per

gallon to be forfeited for the excess.

Clausefi of6 Geo. 3. c. 73 recited.

Sect.9.

Set. 30.

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 46. [1783.

custody or possession, he, she, or they shall forfeit the fuai 6i

five Shillings for every gallon of spirits so extracted above tfc* proportion aforesaid.

LXXII. And whereas by an ally made in the twenty ftxfb year^the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to disconunue, for a limited time, the payment of the duties upon low wines and spirits for home consumption, and for granting and securing the due payment of other duties in lieu thereof; and for iht better regulation of the making and vending brit/jb spirits, and for discontinuing, for a limited time, certain ienpofts and duties upon rum and spirits imported from the West Indies, rf was enacted, That within thirty days after the commencement af that ally and afterwards once in every three months at the hast the of peers of excise should take an account of the flock 0/britiqi brandy, rectified British spirits, raw British spirits, compounds, and aether British spirits, if every rectifier and compounder of spirits, whether a maker of spirits or not; and if on taking such account the fteck ft taken, added to the quantity of spirits for which permits should have been granted to such rellifier or compounder since the time of taking the lost preceding account of such flock, should be found to exceed the quantity of spirits found in such flock at the time of taking such lap preceding account, added to the quantity since legally made or received by permit, with the allowance of thirty'five gallons on every one hundred gallons so made or received, cajling or computing such ft&ek at the /irength of one in eight under hydrometer proof a quantity of pints equal to the quantity of spirits so found in excess should be forfeited and lofty and should and might be seized and taken by the officer or officers of excise who should discover the famty from and out of such stock \ and the person or persons in whose flock such quantity of spirits Jo found in excess should be discovered or foundy should also forfeit and lose the sum of fifty pounds: and whereas y by the said Left mentioned alt, reciting, that for the making unto the rellifiers and corn plunders of spirits, as well for what they should lawfully moke, as for what they should lawfully purchase and receive by permity a fair allowance for that increase by water, sugar, syrup, or fruit, which was necessary to render their spirits fit for consumption, there should be allowed permits for the sending out any number of gallonsy not exceeding the rate or proportion of one hundred and thirty-five gallons 0/british brandy y rectified British spirits, or compounds, for every one hundred gallons of British raw spirits, at the strength of one to ten over hydrometer proof, which they should have received by permity or should have made according to the regulations and direct ions of that act; and to the intent that permits might not be granted for sending out a greater quantity of British brandy, rectified British spirits, or compounds, from the flock of any rectifier or reftificrsy or compounder or compounders of British spirits, than that of one hundred and thirty-five gallons for every one hundred gallons which heyjbiy 'Qr they should lawfully make or receive by permit, it was further enacted, That the proper officers of excise should keep an account in their books with ail and every the difiilhr and distilien, maker and makers, rectifier and reftifiers} and compounder and esm

1788.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 46. 511

tenders 4/british pints, as will of the quantity of all British fpi* tstvbich be fbe, or they should legally make or receive by permit, of the quantities of all British spirits for which any such officer'officers should grant any permit; and when and so often as any Har should be called upon or required by any such disltller or iiftil f

rs, maker or makersy rectifier or rectifiers, or compounder or com winderto grant any permit or permits far the sending out of any rituh firandy, rectified British spirits, raw British pints, British mpemnds, or spirits of wine, exceeding the quantity which be, Jhe, p they ought to have remaining in flock, such officer or officers should nmediately examine, or cause to be examined, the flock in hand of uh distiller or distillers, maker or makers, rectifier or rectifiers, or impounder or compounders, and whatever excess should be found in 'ock? such excess should be forfeited and lost, and should and might be sized by any officer or officers of excise: and whereas it is expedient The recited 0 repeal the said recited clauses; be it therefore enacted by the q^fc8 utborify aforesaid, That the said recited clauses shall be, and repeal he same are hereby repealed: and for the making unto the ed. e&ifiers and compounders of spirits a fair allowance for that Rectifiers to ncrease by water, sugar, syrup, or fruit, which is necessary to have an al ender their spirits tit for consumption, there shall be allowed the

permits for the sending out any number of galions, not ex j0d# fr jn.: eeding the rate or proportion of one hundred and forty-two creafeby wi gallons of British brandy, rectified British spirits or compounds, ter, etc. for every one hundred gallons of raw British, spirits which they respectively shall have received from any diitiller or distillers of Briujh spirits (not being a rectifier or redifiers) of the strength of one to ten over hydrometer proof, or which they shall re spe&tvely have made at the strength lpft aforesaid.

LXXIII. Be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That within thirty days next after the commencement of this Officers to act, and afterwards once in every three months at the least, count of the the officers of excise shall take an account of the stock of British stock Of rec brandy, rectified British spirits, raw British spirits, compounds tifiers, and other British spirits, of all and every redtifier and rectifiers, and compounder and compounders of spirits, (whether a maker or makers of spirits or not); and if on taking any such account the stock so taken, added to the quantity of spirits for which permits shall have been granted to such redtifier or rectifiers, or compounder or compounders, since the time of taking the last preceding account of such stock, shall be found to exceed the quantity of spirits found by the officer or officers of excise in such stock at the time of taking the last preceding account of such stock by the officer or officers of excise, added to the quantity since received by permit from any distiller or distillers of briiish spirits (not being a redtifier or rectifiers of British spirits), at the strength of one to ten over hydrometer proof, or made by such redtifier or rectifiers, or compounder or compounders, at the strength last aforesaid, with the allowance of forty-two gallons on every one hundred gallons so made or received, casting or computing such stock at the strength of one V'

51*

and if any excel in the quantity be found, it may be seized, etc.

If re&ifiers sell spirits of a greater Strength than iin 6 under hydrometer proof, they may be seized.

If any pact of the allowance should appear not to hate been used, it shall be taken from the rectifier'll credit.

Thts a ft not to exonerate rectifiers from penalties incurred prior to its commencement.

Geo. 3. c.j 5.

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 46. [1788.

In six under hydrometer proof, a quantity of spirita equal totk quantity of spirits so found in excess shall be forfeited, and (hd and may be seized by any officer or officers of oscifc, from and out of such (lock, and the person or persons in whose fleet such quantity of spirits so found in excess shall be difeoracd a sound, shall also forfeit the sum of fifty pounds.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority sfere said. That no redifier or redifiers, or compounder or coo pounders of spirits, shall sell or send out aay British brandy, British redified spirits, British compounds, or other British p rits, or any greater or higher degree of strength than that e( one in IX under hydrometer proof; and if any such redifier*redifier, or compounders or compounder, shall sell or seed out any Britisht brandy, British rectified spirits, British expounds,

or other British spirits, of any greater or higher degree of strength than that of one in six under hydrometer proof, all such British brandy, British rectified spirits, coo

pounds, or other British spirits, shall be forfeited, and dull and may be seized by any officer or officers of exrife, togefeo with the calks and vessels whatsoever containing the same respectively.

LXXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if, on taking any such account of the flock of mj such redifier or redifiers, or compounder or compounders, it shall appear that such rectifier or redifiers, or compounder or compounders, has or have not actually made use of the whole of the said allowance so by this act granted, so much thereof as shall appear not to have been made use of, deducting therefrom so much as will be sufficient to reduce the dock then found 00 hand to the firength of one in six under hydrometer proof, dull be cut off from his, her, or their credit anything hereinbefore. contained to the contrary thereof ia any wise notwithstanding.

LXXVI. Provided always nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to exonerate any redifier or redifiers, or compounder or compounders of spirits whatsoever, from any fine, penalty, or forfeiture, to which such redifier or redifiers, compounder or compounders, if this act had not been made, would have been liable, for or by reafoo of any excels found in the flock of such redifier or redifiers, or compounder or compounders, before the commencement of thit ad.

LXXVII. And whereas, by an act made in the of the reign of bit present Myefly, An act for repeating

the duties payable upon chocolate made in Great Britain, and for granting certain inland duties upon coconuts in lieu there, of for the better and more effectual securing the revenue of excise, and of the inland duties under the management of the commissioners of excise, and for preventing frauds therefe, for thy more oundual and ready payment of the allowances q .1 be

1788.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 4 t

to brewers out of the additional duties tmposed oh curie and for rectifying a mistake in an act, made in this pre northeast session of parliament, with respect to the exempting of aadle* from the additional duty of five pounds upon

he duties of excue imposed by the said act, m3 faffed hr the fund year of his prefrnt reign, -

kmitdy An act for more effectually preventing the exceifive use and a Geo. j. if fjparituoas liquors for home consumption, by laying addi*s: part

iaml duties upon spirits made in Great Britain, or imported reated* into the same 5 and for better regulating and encouraging the exportation of british-taoat spirits; and for securing the payment of the dutiies upon spirituous liquors, it was, other things, enafle, i, That, to prevent who made

for exportation, from fraudulently removing wash, low wines, or fruits, theo excise Should, from time to time, make a tbargi

from thi apparent aecreaje of the waft) of any such distiller or distill iersy except such decreefe did really and truly arise from accident; and that thi officers of excise were prevented from making true charges tepm decreases in the waflx of fitch distillers, for want of some certain ruti of ascertaining the true proportion of spirits that ought to be produced from a certain quantity of wafts, for the better enabling such officers to make true charges on the apparent decreases of wafts dsfavered at the dill house orftill houses of every distiller or distillers making spirits for exportation, it was enacted, That, from and after the twentieth day tf July one thousand seven hundred and eighty one, query distiller and distillers who, at any time between the first day of October and the first day of June in each year, should make or distill spirits for exportation, Should, for every six gallons of wafts, within Obi time aforesaid, found in his custody, produce to the sight of the officer or officers of excise at Uaft one gallon of spirits 5 and that every distiller and distillers who, at arty time between the first day Tune and the first day of October in each year, should make or distill pints for exportation, Should, for every seven gallons of wash, within the time left aforesaid, found in his custody, produce to the sight of the officer or officers of excise at least one gallon of spirits, such fpi-^rits to be in each case of the Jirength of one to six under hydrometer % proof and that in every case where the produce of the spirits extra fl ti by any such distiller or distillers, within those rtfpeflive times,

Should fall Short of the proportions before mentioned, every such distiller or distillers should be, and be and they was and were thereby chargeable with and should pay duty for every gallon of such wafts which, within the respective times aforesaid, fbpuld be missing; over and above the said six galions, and even gallons respectively, at the same rate as the duty was chargeable and payable upon the de ereqfe of wafts dfcovered at the still houses of distillers who distilled tew wines and spirits for home consumption \ the officers of excise are thereby required, in such cases, to make the presumptive charges, as % vcu for the low wines, as also for the spiritsf upon every gallon of wafts respectively so missing as aforesaid, in like manner as distillers working for botoe consumption were thin charged ttpon decreases of wafts; which said duties, on the said low wines and

spirits,

exportation to foreign parttf, to pro duce to the officer the within mentioned quan

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 4.6. [1788.

pints, so to be charged as aforesaid, jhouu be paid by every /trd> distiller or distillers, at the respective times and in the same manner, and under the like rules, regulations, penalties and forfeitures, as tbi duties charged on disiillers who difiilled for home mfumption wrt then made payable: and whereas it has been found by experience that the proportions offpir its by the said act prescribed are much lower than the apparent deer safe of such wash Would warrant, and it is therefore expedient to provide the proportions herein after mentioned in hen 1788^distiu/rs t^ereoflt therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, Thar,

or spirits for from and after the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty eight, all and every distiller and distillers, who at any time between the fifteenth day of November inelusive, in any one year, and the fifteenth day of May exclusive, in the next succeeding year, shall make or distill spirits for exportation to foreign parts, shall, for every nine gallons of wah within the timelaft aforesaid, found in his, her, or their custody, produce from thepirit810 cer or officers of'excite at lead two gallons

within men f fp, r, ts; and that all and every distiller and distillers, who at tioned quan any time between the fifteenth day of May inelusive, in any one titiesot wash; year, and the fifteenth day of November exclusive, in the same year, shall make or distill spirits for such exportation, shall, for every six gallons of wash within the time last aforesaid, found in his, her, or their custody, produce to the sight of the officer or officers of excise at least one gallon of spirits, such spirits to be in each case of the strength of one to six under hydrometer proof, and that in every case where the produce of the spirits extracted by any such distiller or distillers within those respective times, shall fall Short of the proportions herein before prescribed, every such distiller and distillers shall be, and he, (he, and they is ?nf or to pay is. re hereby chargeable with and shall pay duty for every gallon jsailoitof^0^ wa which, within the respective times aforesaid, shall

wail missing. he missing over and above the said nine gallons and six gallons respectively, at and after the rate of one shilling and sixpence per gallon; and the officer or officers of excise shall charge such duty and duties upon such distiller or distillers accordingly, and he, (he, and they shall pay the same within one week next after the same shall be charged or incurred.

LXXVJII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any distiller or maker, or distillers or makers of low wines or spirits, or any rectifier or compounder, or re&ifiers or compounders of, or dealer or dealers in spirits, or any workman or servant belonging to hjm, her, or them, shall obstruct, assault, resist, oppose, molest, or hinder any officer or officers of excise, in the due execution of any of the several powers and authorities given or granted to such officer or officers, by this or any other act now in force, relating to distillers, rectifiers or compounders of spirits, or to dealers in spirits or strong waters, every such distiller or maker, reifier or compounder, or dealer shall (except in such cases for which any other penalty or penalties are herein before provided) forfeit for every such offencctbc foip of Iwq hundred pounds.

f j^xix. m

Persons obstructing officers to forfeit aool.

5ls

1788.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 46.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That the several duties of excise by an a made in the Duties im twenty seventh year of the reign ofjiis present Majesty entitled, by % 7 jmacf for repeeling the several duties of customs andexdfe % and grant,

other duties in lieu thereof and for applying the aid duties, to extcacting*gather with the other duties composing the public revenue \ for per spirits for meeting the importation of certain goods, warts, and merchandise, the home con produce or manufacture of the European dominions of the French ^ondnued king, into this kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed moneys, from jujy 5f remaining in the exchequer for the payment of annuities on lives, to the 17 88, to July reduction of the national debt, imposed for or in respect of ferments7*9* td wort, or wash brewed or made in that part of Great Britain called Englands, for extracting spirits for home consumption from any malt, corn, grain, or tilts or any mixture with the same and for or in respect of cyder or perry, or other wash or liquor brewed or made as aforesaid from any sort or kind of British materials, except such as are before mentioned or from any mixture therewith for extracting spirits for home consumption and for or in respect of fermented wort or wah brewed or made as aforesaid from melasses oc sugar or any mixture therewith for extracting spirits for home consumption; and for or in respect of wah brewed or made as aforesaid from foreign refused wine or foreign cyder or washpfcpared from foreign materials except melasses and sugar or any.mixture therewith, for extracting spirits for home consumptien* shall be' and b.c. same are hereby severally and respectively continued from the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty eight until and upon the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and eighty nine; and the said duties (hfrll severally and respectively

be paid and payable by the several and respacuve makers and distillers of such wort, wah, eyder, perry, or other liquor respectively, at such times and in such manner, and under such penalties and forfeitures as the said duties by the said act imposed and hereby continued were severally and respectively payable by law, under or by virtue of the said'act, of spy gther act or acts of parliament in force at and immediately before the passing of this act.

LXXX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said last mentioned act except such parts thereof as laftmention are expressly altered, controlled, or repealed by.this act, shall, edact.cx from and immediately after the fifth day of July one thousand hereby alter seven hundred and eighty eight, be revived and continued; and ccj# to je con. the same is hereby revived, and shall continue in full.force and tinued to july effect until and upon the fifth day of July one thousand seven St 1789> hundred and eighty nine.

LXXXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any action or soit shall be brought or commenced Limitation of against any person or persons for anything by him, her, pra^ion8* them done by virtue or in pursuance of this act, such action or suit shall be commenced within three months next after the matter or thing done, and shall be laid in the proper county; and

g Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. a 46, [17w.

the defendant or defendants in such aaion or salt shall or may General issue. plead the general issue, and give this act and the spedd mats in evidence at any and to be had thereupon; and if afterwards a verdia shall pals for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall discontinue his, her, or their aaion or aaions, or be nonfoited, or judgement shall be given again him, her, or them, upon demurrer or otherwise, then such de Treble costs. fendant or defendants shall have treble costs awanlod to Urn, her, or them, against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

LXXXII. And be it farther enacted by the authority afone how fine are said. That all fines, penalties, and forfeitures by this act cneat edand^ or imposed, shall be seed for, levied, recovered, or mitigated, plied.*by such ways, means, and methods, as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture is or may be recovered or mitigated, by any law or laws of excise, or by aaion of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland respectively; and that one moiety of every such fine, penalty, or forfeiture (not otherwise dinacs by this act), shall be to his Majesty, his heirs and faccessors, and the other moiety to him or them who shall discover, inform, or see for the same.

LXXXII. And be it further enacted by the authority afore The regula said. That all the powers, authorities, methods, rules, dircchoos, Mon, etc. re regulations, penalties, forfeitures, provisions, dauses, natters, ing spirit for an things, which in or by any act or acts of parliament rdat* exportation, ing to the making of spirits for exponation to foreign parts, or etc. in force carrying such spirits coastwise, or to the duties upon won er at passing of wtfh brewed or made (or extraaing spirits for home coo fumption, or relating to the duties upon low wines and spirits for home consumption, in force at the tiojp of passing of an act made in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his present Mass Geo. t. jesty, intituled An act to for a limited thepaf

*. 40. tea.; ment tj tt duties, upon low wines and spirits for born consumptm, and for granting and feasting the due payment of other dienes in bet thereof i and far the better regulation of the making and vending bh tish spirits, as well for home comfumptien as for exportation, and for dell toying all home made and foreign spirits after the condemnation thereof j and for vesting in his Majesty the duties of tntift within the lands of Ferintofh in the county e/Inverness; and for a limited time, certain imposts and duties upon rum and spirits imported from the West Indies; or in or by the said aa made in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, inti andthofecon* luted. An act to aifcontinue, for a limited time, the payment of she tained in6 duties upon low wines and spirits for home comfumption, and for ttlur t' n' brant'nt ftturing the due payment of other duties in Btu thtrees,

ievyinjf du an ftr e* of the making and vending British spirits; ties, etc. and for discontinuing, for a limited, certain intptfts and daties

upon rum and spirits imported from though West Indies j are contained, provided, settled, or established, for making, assessing, raising, levying, colleaing, paying, recovering, adjudging, mitigating, ascertaining, enforcing, or securing the rates or duties V thereby

1788.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 46. 5x7

crcty imposed, or hereby continued, and Cor preventing, de aim, and punching fraud relating thereto, and not being altered, repealed, changed, or controlled by this act, r not being repugnant to any of the natters, clause, pro tfianf, or regulation in thic aft contained, shall be and conto be applied in full force, and be duly obfenred, praftiped, applied, fed, and pot in execution throughout Great Britain, in and for a, vc managing, assessing, raising, levying, collecting, paying,

dcotcring, adjudging, mitigating ascertaining, enforcing, and xwing the said several duties by this act imposed or continued $ ad ior preventing, detecting, and punching frauds relating bgreto, So far as the same are applicable thereunto respectively, a fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as if all and tvenr the said powers, authorities, methods, rules, directions, cgumtiorts, penalties, forfeitures, provisions, clauses, matters, ind things, had been expressly inserted and reenacted in this kdfco

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority afore akl That all and every the powers, directions, rules, penalties. Powers of ibmkiires, clauses, matters, and things, which, in and by an ifi, made in the twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Q Second, entitled, In att far taking away the court tf wards and this act. liveries, and tenures in Capite, and by knights ftwice, and purveyance and for settling a revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof, of by any other law now in force relating to his majesty's revenue of exetfe upon beer, ale, and other lujuors, are. provided and estabiished for managing, raiflhg, 'levying, collecting, mitigating or recovering, adjudging or ascertaining the duties thereby

granted, or any of them, (other than and in Such cases for which j,

such penalties or provisions are made and provided by this act),

shall be practised, used, and put in execution. In and for the managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering, and paying the said duties hereby granted, as fully and effectu ally, to all intents and purposes, as if all and every the said,

rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and re enacted in this present act.

LXXXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all the money arising by the duties by this act im Duties to be posed, (the necessary charges or raising and accounting for the pd into the same excepted) shall, from time to time, be paid into the receipt adcmdto of his majesty's exchequer at Westminster; and the said moneys the confolt so paid into the said receipt of exchequer as aforesaid, shall be dated fund, carried to, and made part of the fund called The consolidated fund.

LXXXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this a St shall commence and take effect, as to all such Act to com matters and things therein contained, in respect whereof no cncfml special commencement is hereby directed or provided, from andwh?rc wafpe immediately after the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred cial com and eighty eight, and shall remain and continue in force, as to mencement is all such matters and things therein contained, in respect whereof Pr

1738, 9

and contincc in force one year.

[Preamble.]

Church wardens and over seers of the poor, with con fen t of twojustice*, may bind boys chargeable, etc. apprentices to chimney sweepers.

The age of toeapprentice to be inserted in the indenture.

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 47, 48.

it is not hereby otherwif dipe^ed for the space of one yeas, V be computed from that day.

CAP. XLVII.

An act for allowing further time for inrollment of deeds and wills pt by papifu, and for relief of Protestant pnrehafes.

- To September I, 1788.

CAP. XLVIII.

An act for the better regulation of chimney sweepers9 and 'ifcsr X apprentices.

WHEREAS the laws now in being respect: ng: mqfien mi apprentices do not provide sufficient regulations, so as tojn vent various complicated miseries, to which boys employed in climfaf and cleansing of chimneys are liable beyond any other employment whatsoever, in which boys of tender pars are engagedand where di tnifery of the aid boys might be much alleviated, if some legal pswtn and authorities were given for the regulation of chimney sweepers, cw their apprentices: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred, and eighty eight, it shall and may be lawful to and for the churchwardens and overseers of the poor, for the time being, of the several and respective parishes, towrtships, or places, wmiia the kingdom of Great Britain, by and with the consent and approbation of two or more of his majesty's justices of the peace, acting in and for any county, riding, city, town corporate, borpugh, or division, within Great Britain, (such consent and approbation to be signified by such justices in writing, under their hands, according to the form prescribed by the indenture contained in the schedule hereunto annexed) to bind or put our any boy, or boys, who is, are, or shall be of the age of eight years, or upward; and who is, are, or shall be chargeable, or whose parents are or shall become chargeable to the parish or parishes, or places, where they shall so be; or who shall be for alms; or by and with the consent of the parent or parents of such boy or boys, to be apprentice and apprentices to any ^perfop or persons using or exercising the trade, business, o; myfiery of a chimney sweeper, for so long time, and until such boy or boys shall attain or come to the age of sixteen years; anj such binding out any such apprentice and apprentices, shall be as effectual in the law, to ail intents and purposes, as if such boy or boys was or were of full age, and by indenture had bound I himself or themselves an apprentice or apprentices. I

II. And, to the end that the time of the continuance of thef/rvrr/ of such apprentice or apprentices may plainly and certainly appear, be it further enacted, That the age of every such boy or boys, so to be bound apprentice or apprentices, shall be mentioned and

in felled

3 - Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 48.'9

d in such indenture, being taken truly from the copy of try in the register book, wherein the time of his or theirprized is or shall be entered (where the same can or may); which copy shall be given and atrested by the minister, or'corate of such parish or parities or places wherein such'boys baptism shall be registered, without fee or reward, lay be written upon paper or parchment, without any or mark; and where no such copy of such boy or boys baptised can be had, such justices of the peace shall as s they can, inform themselves of his or their age or ages

in such information shall in fen the same in the said inderi ind the age of such boy or boys, so inserted and mentioned in d indenture (in relation to the continuance of his or their :,) shall be taken to he his and their true age and ages jt any further proof thereof.

Andy to the end and intent that there may be no doubt or un+

\ty as to the form of the indenture, by which such boy or boys f hound apprentice or apprentices as aforesaid, and that thefiipu* and agreements to be made and entered into by the said ntafer tress may plainly and fully appear; be it enacted by the autho bresaid. That such indenture shall be made and written Reference ta ccording to the form in the schedule hereunto annexed, jj* fj^nture hat the same shall not be charged with or liable to the pay in thefehc of any higher or other stamp duty, than is now charged duld. indentures for binding out poor children by their respective ICO or places; any law or Statute to the contrary not with ing.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid;

; indentures, covenants, promises, and bargains here Penalty 00 to be made, or taken of or for the having, taking, em prentices ng, retaining or keeping of any boy or boys, as or in the under the age re of an apprentice or apprentices or servant or servants, of*years oyed in the capacity of a climbing boy or chimney sweeper,

shall be under the age of eight years as aforesaid, than is by ift limited oretained, and appointed, shall be absolutely void ic law to all intents and purposes: and that every person shall from henceforth have, take, employ, retain, or keep such boy or boys as or in the nature of an apprentice or ap ikes, or servant employed in the capacity of a climbing boy lumpey sweeper as aforesaid, who shall be under the age of t years s aforesaid, contrary to the tenor and true meaning us ad, and being convicted thereof, as herein after men ed, shall forfeit and pay for every such apprentice or servant y him or her had, taken, employed, retained, or kept, any not exceeding ten pounds, nor Jess than five pounds. r. And whereas, in many large parishes within this realm, then teveral townships or villages, and overseers of the poor are chosen appointed within and for each such township or village r effective be it therefore further enacted by the authority aforesaid, at the overseers of the poor of every such township or village Overseers of it and may from time to time, within every such township or the poor erf 1OL. XXXVI Mm village, adv towa

570 Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. 4$.

Ship or village village, do, perform and fexecute, all and every the acts, poem, I may act as an(j authorities hejeby enacted or directed to be done, perfw den War" or c*ccuted by the churchwardens or overseers 0# the'per of a parish or place; anything herein, or in any other tew* laws, contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstandiif. I

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority tfafm,

Justicestode That it shall and may be lawful for one or more suchjkae termine; com justices, and he or they shall have full power and authority, ad tween matters 1s an<*are hereby authorised and empowered to inquire intoarie* and appren amine, hear, and determine, as well all complaints of harder ticcs. ill usage from the several and respective masters or miftrd&s,

whom such apprentice and apprentices shall be so bound as rib said, as also all complaints of such boys as already have, oreho shall at any time hereafter voluntarily put themselves appreatfees to such trade, business, or mvftery of a chimney sweeper asribft said; and in like manner also to inquire into and examine, tear, and determine all complaints of masters or mistresses agrinftfeb apprentice and apprentices, and to make such orders titan spectively, as he or they is or are now enabled by law to (toil other cases between masters and apprentices.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

Notmbrethan That no person or persons using or exercising the trade, bufioeft, at thefameca or mystery f a chimney sweeper, shall retain, keep, oreqploy time. any more than six apprentices at one and the same time 5 aodttet

the name of every person so taking or receiving an apprentice or apprentices as aforesaid, and also the place of his or her abate, 1 shall be marked or put upon a brass plate, to be fa 0? offixed in the front of a leathern cap. which every master or mistress shall provide for each such apprentice, and which he shall wear when out upon his duty; and that every aifter or mistress shall forfeit for every apprentice so retained, kep, or employed by him or her beyond the number limited by this act, or for neglecting to provide each such apprentice with such leathern cap. and brass plate to be so affixed thereupon, and marked with his or her name and place of abode as aforesaid, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, my sum not exceeding the sum of ten pounds, nor less than te pounds.

[Penalty on

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid*, That if any such master or mistress shall misuse or evil treat his the matter or her apprentice, or that the said apprentice shall havemyjuft an ^7 the * cau^c to comp^ain f ihe forfeiture or breach of any of the owe covenants nants, clauses, or agreements, to be expressed and contained to specirtedm such indenture, made and written out according to thefoitnin the indenture, the schedule hereunto annexed, on the part and behalf of fai

master or mistress, then, and in such case, such master or mistress, being convicted thereof in manner heretn*aftennn* tioned, shall forfeit and pay, for every such offence, any fom not exceeding ten pounds, nor less than five pounds.

That boys shall

IX. And be it further enacted, That no person or persons not he let out using or exercising the trade, business, or irtyftery of a chimney tocliuhcr ^wwpcr>t out to & lead by the day or otherwise-

1788.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. . 4*. ?5

tony other person for the purpose of fwceping of chimneys before aijjboy or boys that are already apprentice, or apprentices, qr tit shall hereafter be bound apprentice or apprentices, upder (fee jdiretf ions of this att, nor shall catife such boy or boys to call the streets before seven, of the clock in the mornings nor after tpfdhre* of the clock at^noon, between Michaelmas and ladyday

Dor, before, five of the clock in the morning, nor after twelve q( theclock at noon, between Lady'say and Michaelmas; and that if any in after or mistress shall, after the passing of this att, offend in, any of the cases aforesaid, he or Ale shall Forfeit and pay, for qvfty such offence, any (urn not exceeding ten pounds, nor left than five pounds.

X And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That convfaiooe all convictions for penalties and forfeitures, by this att imposed for penalties' for any offence against the same, shall be made before one or more justice or justices of the peace, acting for the county, x'\dr made before ii>g, city, town, borough, or division, where such offence was one or more commuted, either by confession of the offender or upon the juices f oath, of one or iripre credible witness? or witnesses; and for that the pcac* purpose it shall be lawful for one or more such justice or justices, nppi\ Complaints made to bim.or ftiem thereof, to summon the person or persons so offending before him or them to answer to iiich complaint,; in such manner as be of they is and are author fifed to do itv any other matter cognizable before magistrate.

And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all penalties, and for feitures by this att imposed for any of Penalties how fence, neglect, or default against the same, and all costs and to charges to be allowed and ordered by the authority of this att, apple*be levied by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of the offender, or person liable or ordered to pay the same respective ly, by warrant under the hand and seal of one or more such justice or justices of the peace, atting for the county, riding, city, town, borough, or division, where such offence, neglect, or default shall happen 5 and such order for payment of such cost9 or charges shall be made, rendering the overplus of such distress and.(if any) to the party or parties, after dedutting the 'charges of making the same 5 which warrant such justice or justices is and are hereby empowered and required to grant, upon conviction of the offender, by confession, or upon the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, or upon order made as; aforesaid; and the penalties and forfeitures, Costs and charges, when so levied, shall be paid, the one half tt the informer, and the other half to the overseers of the poor of the parish, town ship, or place, where the master or mistress of such apprentice shall dwell and inhabit; and in case such distress cannot be found, and such penalties and forfeitures, or the said costs or charges shall not be forthwith paid, it shall and may be lawful ior such justice or justices, and he and they is and are hereby authorised and required, by warrant under his or their hand and Jcal, or hands and seals, to commit such offender or offenders, or person. or persons liable to pay the same respectively, to the

No warrant of distress to be issued until six days after the conviction.

Distress not unlawful for want of form.

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 48.

[1

common gaol or house of correction of the county, riding, city, town, borough, or division where the offence shall be committed, or such order as aforesaid shall be made, for any time not exceeding three months, unless the said penalty, forfeitflire, costs or charges, shall respectively be sooner paid.

XII. Provided nevertheless, That no warrant of distress (has be issued for levying any penalty or forfeiture, costs or charm, until six days after the offender shall have been convicted, and an order made and Served upon him or her for payment thereof.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That where any distress shall be made for any sum or Toms of money, to be levied by virtue of this act, the distress itself fell not be deemed unlawful, not the party or parties making the same be deemed a trespasser or trespassers, on account of any default, or want of form in any proceedings relating thereto; nor shall the party or parties distraining be deemed a trespasser or trespassers ob initio, on account of any irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the party or parties distraining; burr the person or persons aggrieved by such irregularity may recover a fub Satisfaction for the special damage in an action on the Case.

XIV. Provided always, That no plaintiff or plaintiffs feb

torecovcrtor/fccoye'r Trv. any action for any such irregularity, trespafc, or any irreau 'toron&rijl proceedings, if tender of Sufficient amends shall he d"*? f ffi" imadepf oj^on the behalf of the party or parties who shall hare lent amends comtrfift^ror caused to have been committed, any such ir 'regblirity or wrongful proceedings, before such action brought; and in casejio fetch tender shall have been made, it shall and maybe lawful for the defendant in any such action, by leave of the court where' such action shall depend, at any time before jfllifc joined, to pay into court such sum of money as he or they shall see fit, whereupon such proceedings or orders and judgements shall be had, made; 'and given, in and by such court, ai in other actions where the defendant is allowed to pay money into court.

XV. And be it further enacted, That Where any oath is hereby required and directed to be taken,the justice or justices of the peace of the county, riding, city, town, borough, or division, where the offence shall be committed, shall administer, and he or they is and are hereby respectively empowered to administer the same.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any person shall think himself or herself aggrieved by anything done by any justice Or justices of the peace, in pursuance of this act, such person may appeal to the justices of the peace at the next general or quarter sessions of the peace to be held for the county, riding, city, town, borough, or division wherein the cause of such complaint shall arise, having first entered into a recognisance, with Sufficient surety, before such justices, to prosecute and abide by the order or orders that shall be made on (bch appeal, and also giving, or causing to be given, to the jut rice by whole or acts such person shall think himself or herself

Plaintiff not

be made.

Ju (licet to administer oaths.

Persona aggrieved may appeal, etc.

17*0 Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 48.

iejf aggrieved, notice in writing of his or her intention to bring riipfr appeal, and of the matter thereof, within six days after the we of such complaint shall have arisen,

*, And be it further exulted by he authority aforesaid, That this at shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a pub i and be judicially taken notice of as such, by all judges, justices, and other persons whom foe vcr, without Specially pleading the same.

The SCHEDULE to which the ACT refers.

THIS Indenture, made the day of

in the year of the reign of our sovereign lord

Qttrge the Third, by the grace of God, of Great Britain, Frame, and Ireland, King, defender of the faith. See. and in the year of our Lord between A.B. and C D.

churchwardens and overseers of the poor of the parish of

in the county of [or E. F. the father or

n$xt friend of the boy to be placed out, as the taft may of the one part; and of the parish of, in the county of chimney

sweeper, of the other part: witnesseth. That the said churchwardens and overseers of the poor [or the said. F. M tbt raft megrbe] by, and with the consent and approbation of G, H. and /. K. two of his Majesty's justices of the peace acting in and for the county, riding, city, town, borough, or diviuqd [at taftmay be]signified as hereunder written, pm, bound, and by these prefects put and bind

a poor boy of the said parift), township, or place, being of the age of years [er '

taft may be] to be apprentice to the said M being his first, second, third, fourth, fifth, er sixth apprentice [ex the taft may bt] to learn the trade, bufioeft, art and mystery of a chimney sweeper, and with him, (or her) to dwell, remain, and serve from the day of the date of these presents, for and during the term of years, from hence next eaiding, fully to be complete and ended, during all which time he the said apprentice, his said master (or mistress)

faithfully shall fitrve and obey, his (or her) secrets keep, and his (or her) lawful commands everywhere gladly do and perform; he shall not haunt alehouses or gaming houses, nor absent bim (elf from the service of his said master (or mistress) day.or night. Without his (or her) leave, but in all things as a faithful apprentice shall behave himself towards his said master (or mistress) and all his (or her) during the said term: and the said

in consideration of the good will which he (or (he) hath and beareth towards the said apprentice, and of the faith  'full service To to be performed by him, doth hereby covcn#pit, promise, and agree with the said churchwardens and overseers of the poor, [or the said. F. as tbt taft may bt] that he (he) he said his (or her) said apprentice, in

Public

524 Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 48. f 178k

the art and mystery 6f a" chimney (Weeper, which he (or (be) pow ufcth, shall and will teach and indraft, or cause to be taught and indrufted, in the bed manner that he (or (he) can, ml shall and will provide and allow unto the said apprentice, doting all the said term, competent and sufficient meat, drink, wacting, lodging, apparel, and all other things necdtary for the bid apprentice: and that the fid executors, ad mini drat on,

pr assigns, shall not nor will assign over this present indenture, pr the apprentice to be bound thereby, without the confer and approbation, in writing, of two or more such justices of the peace, to be signified according to the form of the approbation hereunder Written. And whereas, from the nature of the business or employment of a chimney sweeper, it is necessary for the boys, employed in climbing, to have a dress particularly fsitai to that purpose, which drcis is only fit for that part of the occupation; the said doth hereby ikb

covenant, promise, and agree to and with the said churchwardeaf and overseers of the'pdor, [r the said. F. as the case may be] to find and allow such suitable dress for the said apprentice, as often ai deed or occasion shall be and require, and provide for nd deliver to the said apprentice, once in every year at kafi^ dhrinfcthe term aforesaid, over and above the said dress for^draining, pne whole and complete suit of clothing, iwtfi fultabte toieri, dockings, fiats, and shoes: and further, Tfist the ford r'shall and will, at lead once in

ftvery irepr; cabfefhe&id apprentice tti be thoroughly wsflwd and cleansed from foot and dirt, and shall and will require ttfe Aid appfebtifce to attend the publick worthip of God on the fib bath day, and permit and allbw him to receive the benefit of any other rdligidus instructiort; add that the said apprentice (half n wear his (weeping dress on that day: and that the said

mall not, nor wtff corbpel or oblige thd said ippith tice td ca the Greets, or any other places, before seven of fw clock its the mbrrting, nbf after twelve of the clock at noon, tween Mkhaeltnih and lasy^day^ nor before five of the deftc H the mbrtiihgk tf 6r aftvr twelve of the dock! at noon, bctwem la<fy day and Mithttlthai: and thit thd said shall nof, nor will af any time during the said term, let oot hft [or her) said apprentice tori Air by the day, dfent, or otbttltfft, to arty other person of persony exercising or using the said trade, nor mall the said or any perfotl of persons tvhorrisoever by his (or her) directions, requite or force him the said apprentice to climb or go up any chimney which shall be actualty on fire, nor make use of any violent or itriprd* per means to force hint to dimb of go up arty such chimney; but shall ip all things treat his (tit her) said apprdritice with as much humanity and care as the nature of the employment of i chimney sweeper will admit of Xri witness, C

fi

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 49. 525

Form of approbation by justices.

_ that above named G. H. and /. AT. two of his majesty's.

[justices of the peace ailing in and for the county, riding, town, borough, or division [as the case may be] having lurupe&cci and examined the above named

boy to be placed out or assigned over] do hereby consent to and approve of his being bound [or assigned overj as an apprentice to the above named [the maser or

according to the terms and stipulations expressed in tjixe above written indenture.

CAP. XLIX.

An act to enable justices of the peace to act as such, in certain cases, out of the limits of the counties in which they actually are.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the administration of justice Is frequently ob Jlruftei for want of residetit justices of the peace, and might furthered in case the justices acting for two or more adjoining

ktji^are enabled to act for the same if personally present in either in which they act for remedy whereof, in future, may it; your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted? king's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and it gf the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this

parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, fijorn and after the passing of this act, it shall and may be Wypfui (or any justice or justices of the peace, acting as such for more counties being adjoining counties, to act as^pr justices of the peace in all matters and things whatso concerning or in any wise relating to any or either of the! counties, and that all ad and acts of such justice or justices [tfig peace, and the ad and acts of any constable or other officer in " tdience thereto, shall be as valid, good, and effedhul in the to ail intents and purposes whatsoever, as if such ad or of the said justice or justices, had been done in the county $cgimtics to which such act or acts more particularly relate;

constables nd other officers of the said county or counties tyt which such act or acts relate, are hereby authorised and re auifed to obey the warrants, orders, directions, ad and acts of justice or justices so granted, given and done, and to do 8}q4. perform their several offices and duties, under the pains and penalties to which any constable or other officer may be liable for a neglect of duty: provided always, That such justice or justices be personally resident in one of the said counties at the time of doing such act or acts: provided also. That the warrants, orders, or directions, so to be given and granted, be directed and given in the first instance to the constable or other officer of the county to which the same more particularly relate.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Constables, from and after the passing of this act, it shall and may be lawful ^deta^hed for any constable, tythingman, headborough, or other peace distritfsmay > Mm officer, carry offend

5*6 Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 49. [1781.

trstbcrrfnbe officer, or any other person or person apprehending or taking fofre il, ftice iqto custody any person or per font offending against law, tod to whiehm^cb whom they lawfully may and ought to apprehend and take di&ftct* be info custody by virtue of his or their office or offices, or other*long, though wise howsoever, to convey and take the person or persons soap thy5* prehendyd pr taken, into enstody as aforesaid, to any justi^e pc ppupty etc. justices of the peace acting fof the said county, and resident m 9*fuel) adjoining county as aforesaid; and the said constables,

tythingmen, headboroughs, and other peace officers, and all and every other person or persons, are hereby authorised, im powered, and required, in all such cases, so to act in all things as if the said justice or justice of the peace was or were refidcot within the said county to which they respectively belong; and all and every person or persons obstructing or hindering the said constables, tythingmen, headboroughs, or other peace officers, in the execution of their respective offices, in the said county or counties adjoining as aforesaid, shall be, and are hereby nude liable to the same pains and penalties, for such obstruction sod hindrance of the said officers in the execution of their respective offices, as if the same had been committed in the county for which the said constables, tythingmen, headboroughs or other peace officers, were appointed to adh Sheriff, etc. Jll. And be it farther enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, qpnvcy from and after the passing of this act, it shall and may be lawfdl

such detached any or otller person or persons deputed by him, or

districts, ^adfing under his authority, ponstable, headborough, tything through furman, or other peace officer, or any other person or persons law

rounding #ully taking into, or having in his or their custody rdpedhrdf,

the gaol of ?n person or persons offending against law, and whom he or the county to lay may or might lawfully convey to gaol, or an? place of Me which the custody, to convey or take the fold person or persons foin cof

distnet bp tody as aforesaid, into and through any part or parts of the said

longs. county or counties so adjoining in their way to Aich gaol of place of safe custody within the county wherein such offencewas done or committed and all and every person or persons cleaning from such custody as aforesaid, or aiding or assisting such enpd or cscapes, or rescuing such person or persons foin custody as aforesaid, shall be subject to the like pains and penalties for lack escape or escapes, and for such aid and assistance so given as aforesaid, apd for such refeufc and refeues, as if the said escape or escapes hgd happened, or such aid and assistance had been giveo, or such refeue or refeues made, in the county wherein such offence was done or committed.

IV. And whereas by an at passed in the ninth year of the reign of % Oeo. X C 7. juing George the First, (entitled, An act for amending the laws relating to the settlement, employment, and relief of the poor), provision is made for enabling jufliees of the peace, dwelling inanyaty or otbet freeing being a aunty of itjelf9 situate within a eemnty at large, to act as such jufliees for the county at large, at certain fdaegs within such city, town, or other precintt: and whereas fitch pro ytjiens have been found benefleiai to the public!, but doubts have srifin

y fk*

1788.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 50.

ith 'tfjpttt t the (onftrufiim of the ad in certain cases \ ftr

e ntmtving whereof, be it enacted, Thar, from and after the tflkg of this att, it shall and may be lawful for any justice of the peace, a (fling for any county at large, to act ait any place within any city, town, or other prccinst, a county of itself, and situate within, surrounded by, or j)mling to any such county at large; and that all and every ttfcpafft'and aits, matters and things, done by such justice or tffiteei of the peace for the said county at large, within such itjv town, or other pecinit, shall be as valid and effectual in He law, as if the same had been done within the said county t targe to all intents and purposes whatsoever: provided af rsy*> That nothing in this ail contained shall extend to give lower to the justices of the peace for any county at large, not letag justices for such city, town, or other prccinil, or any ionstable or other officer ailing under them, to ail or interpaddle in any matters or things arising within any such city, Dtn, or precinct, in any manner whatsoever.

CAP. L

An act to amend, and continue, for a limited time, an act passed in the twenty seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for further regulating the trade and business of pawnbrokers.

[Public act.]

Preamble.7 Geo. 3. c. 37. Recited act continued for one year. A daufc in laid aft; feet. 17. repealed.

CAP. LI.

au act to explain, amend, and enlarge the powers of so much of two as, paired in the eleventh and fifteenth years of the reign of his pre t Afcyefty, for improving and completing the navigation of the ri vers Thames and Ifia, from the dty of London to the town of crick lade, in the county of Wilts, as relates to the navigation of the aiarnfera frota the boundary of the jurisdiction of the city of London, near Stains, in the county of Middlesex, to the said town of ctekjabe,

Preamble, ti Geo. . C 45* whereby the commissioners had ratted 3^061. and expended the same in making pound locks, &c. and tow ing paths from Stains in Middlesex to Cleeve in Oafordshire. 15 Geo. 3. C si.v comxnii&oners had expended 50, 000l. not sufficient to complete the works. Old powers confirmed. Tolls and works veiled in commttfioners. Commissioners, by their treasurer or clerk, may bring or defend actions. Any person to bring aftiods against comtairaoners, in that oameof treasurfcr or general clerk. Actions not to abate by death or removal of treasurer or clerk. Power to borrow 25, 000l. more. Power to lay tods. To alter tolls. Restriction of tolls to 4d. per tonne at any one lock. Tolls to be collected at pounds or other places. Account of tolls to be put up. Power to distrain for tolls. Manure to be toll free. Penalty on illegal claim to exemption iol. one moiety to the informer, the ocher for use of the navigation. Penalty on forcible passage lot. and commitment to hard labour for three months. Commissionera to settle depth of water barges to draw, not exceeding 3 feet 10 inches. Erery vessel to have inches clear board when navigated. Tonnage to be taken ht pound locks on boats when laden to depth of 3 feet9inches and no more. To take double tolls if barges are overladen. Power to make cpta to pr from ajpoynd lock. Power to sell and purchase lands, &c. for cuts. Commimoneri to getermiqc the fie of locks and barges.'Coot

5*7

Justices for counties at large may aft within any city being a county of itself, situate therein brad jpiningto such county;

but cannot hold their

Suarter fcf on in such dty, dcc.

commifbonera may make bye hwp. Orders for laying tolls, and a, ing bye laws, to be confirmed at subsequent meeting. To prevent it 1 mages by overflowing of the rivers. Tolls and works to be free d j taxes. No person employed for gain or hire, to act as a connsismo. i Recital of a&for amending navigation from Bercot to Oxford. Ttut works have been made. That works may be transferred to the commissioner 8 of navigation. Mode of recovery and application of peul tics. Power of appeal to general meetings, or to quarter sessions. publick at.

[Preamble.]

10 Geo. 3. c. 16;

IX Geo. $. C

and 15 Geo. 3. c. 84. recited

No petition complaining of an undue tlcftion or

CAP. LII.

An act for the further regulation of the trials of controverted ek tiens* or returns of members to serve in parliament.

WHEREAS, by an act of parliament passed in the tenth year of the reign of his present Majesty* intituled An act to regulate the trials of controverted elections, or returns of members to serve in parliament, certain regulations were establisht4, fa a time therein limited sat the trials of controverted eltftions* mu turns of members to serve in parliament: at whereas, by enid passed in the eleventh year of the reign of his present Majesty* it tituled* An act to explain and amend' an a made in the last session of parliament, intituled An act to regulate the trials f controverted e left ions or returns of members to serve in partemout* further' regulations were made therein: and whereas the frm&rn of the said acts were by an act passed in the fourteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty* continued and made perpetual: ad whereas by an act passed in the twenty-fifth year of tin reign ej. his present Majesty* intitulidi An act to limit the duration of polls and fcruiinies, and for making other regulation tricking the election of members to serve in parliament fine pluses within England and Wales and for Berwick upon Turned and also for removing difficulties which may arise for want of returns being made of members to serve in parliament, the poo* visions of the said acts were extended in the manner thermo, mm txoned* to petitions complaining that no return has been made toe writ issued for the election of a member or members. to serve in per liament* wit hin the times limited in the said act or that fiub return is not a return of a member or members according X tie ropdfitimri the writ: and whereas it is expedient that further regulations Jbmi be wade for the execution of the said feveroil acts, and that prompts should be made for discouraging persons from presenting frivolous or vexatious petitions or Jetting up frivolous or vexatious defence m any of the cafo to which the above recited acts relate, end that fro vtfion Jboula also be made for the final decision of guefiions respecting the righ(s of voting at suck cleft ions or of uofninattng or appearing the returning officer or returning officers who are to presidt Unroot: be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spirinial and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That no petition complain ing of an undue election or return, or of the omission of a return, or of the infuflfoiepey of a return, Stall be proceeded

upon,

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 52. 529

lort* in that manner pteferibed in the said above recited acte, return, to be kuflr life same shall be (ubfertbed by some person or persons proceeded mmhlg therein to havd had a right to vote at the election to jjbscribed^t Wch the same shall relate, drto have had a right to be re herein men rtmd as dbly eleatdthertfat, or alleging himself or themselves tioned. >havfe beeh a candidate or candidates at such eledhon: pro 4ed always, That in any case where a writ has been issued for e dtdtiofl of a member to serve in parliament for any district

burghs in that partof Great Britain called Scotland, any such 'tition as aforesaid shall and may be so proceeded upon, if the mefltairbe subscribed by any person or persons claiming thereto have had a right to vote at the election of any delegate r delegates, Commissioner or' of, for choosing d argefs for fetch district.

II. And be it further enacted, That if, at any time be in the cases ire the day appotrrttfd for talcing any such petition into con ged^noticeto deration, the speaker of the house of commons shall be inr he Cent bytae >rmed, by a Certificate in writing, subscribed by two of the speaker to the idmbers'of the said house of the death of the sitting member returning ofli*sitting members, of either of them, whose election or return cross r Complained 6p in such petition, or of the death of any mem pe

or members returned upon a double return, whose election tition relates, i^turci is complained of in such petition, or that a writ of tumnone has been iffacd, under the great seal of Great Britain, tofutrtmon any such member or members of parliament as a pees 6f Great Britain; or if the house of commons shall have refolded that the seat of any such member is by law become sfeam? 6r if the said house shall be informed, by a declaration m#ritsfig, subscribed by such member or members, or either dlthem, as the case shall be, and delivered in at the table of the hduse, that it is not the intention of such member or members

ter defend hi Or their election or return; in every such case notice thereof shall immediately be fern by the speaker to and a copy fhb fhdfiff. Or other returning officer for the counry, borough or place to which such petition shall relate, and such sheriff or doorsof^the* other returning oflfeer shall cause a true copy of the same to be county or affiketf on the door of the county hall or townhall, or of the townhall, ptrish church neafeft to the place where such dedlion has J ne*fest ofuahy' been held, and such notice shall also be inserted, by fnfcrtcdin Order of, the speaker, itt the next London Gazette; and the or the gazette, der for taking such petition into consideration shall, if necessary, Order (brisk be adjourned, fa that at the lead thirty days may intervene bein? such pe tweeh the day on which such notice shall be inserted in the said titloj?jint? gntttc and Hie day on which such petition shall be taken into may ad 0* Consideration. journed.

III. And be it ertadtej, That it shall and may be lawful, at Within ja any time within thirty days after the day on which such notice days after no shall have been inserted in the said gazette, foe any person or ice is foin {jersons claiming to have had a right to vote at such election, ^zeue^anr or at the election of delegates or of for making such f0jer maype tsection, to pethtort the house, praying to be admitted as a tition to be ' ' T'r' pny admitted a

53*

party in the complafot.

Members giving notice of their intention not to defend their clc$ion, not to be admits ted as pirties against any such petition, C

No proceedings to be had upon any petition, unless one of the subscribera enter into a recognisance to appear before the house at the time fixed for taking it into confederation.

and if no recognisance be duly entered into, they>r derfor taking the petition into confederation to be discharged, unless cause shall be fecn for enlarging the time, C

Recognizances to be entered into before the speaker, and

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 52.

[17u,

party or parties, in the room of such member or members, or either of them 5 and such person orperfbns shall thereupon fc so admitted as a party or parties, and hu be considered a hich, to all intents and purposes whatever.

IV. And be it enacted, That whenever the member a members, whose election or return is so complained of in fab petition, shall have given such notice as aforesaid of his or dtdr intention not to defend the same, he or they shall nor be admitted to appear or a St as a party or parties against such petition, in any subsequent proceedings thereupon, anything, fa the above recited acts to the contrary notwithstanding; or they shall also be restrained from sitting in the house, or voting in any question, until such petition shall have been decided upon in the manner prescribed by the above recited acts and by this act.

V. And be it further enacted, That no proceeding shall be had upon any petition, by virtue of the above recited acts or of this act, unless the person or persons subferibing the same, or (ome one or more of them, shall, within fourteen days after the same shall have been presented to the house, or widaa such further time as shall be limited by the house, perfooahy enter into a recognisance to our sovereign lord the King, according to the form hereunto annexed, in the sum of two hundred pounds, with two sufficient sureties, in the fain of one hundred pounds each, to appear before the house at such dine or times as shall be fixed by the house for taking such petition into consideration, and also to appear before any. fele& committee which shall be appointed by the house for the trial of the same, and to renew the same in every subsequent session of parliament, until a select committee shall have been appointed by the house for the trial of the same, or until the same shall hate been withdrawn by the permission of the house; and if, at the expiration of the said fourteen days, such recognisance shall not have been so entered into, or shall not have been received by the speaker of the house of commons, the speaker dull report the same to the house, and the order for taking such petition into consideration shall thereupon be discharged, unlds, upon matter specially dated, and verified to the satisfactiod of the house, the house shall see cause to enlarge the time for entering into such recognisance; and whenever such time shall be so enlarged, the order for taking such petition into consideration shall, if necessary, be podponed, so that no such petition shall be so taken into consideration till after I such recognisance shall have been entered into and received by the (pester: provided always, That the time for entering into such recognisance shall not be enlarged more than once, nor for anj number of days exceeding thirty.

VI. And be it enacted, That the said recognizances shall be entered into bdfore the speaker of the house of commons, who is hereby authorised and empowered to take the same; and the Efficiency of the sureties named therein shall be judged of and

abowed

-1

1788.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 52. 531

lowed by the said speaker, on the report of two persons ap fofficiendf rioted by him to examine the lame, of which two persons the ark, or desk assistant of the house, shall always be one, and f by bin 0. te of the following officers, not being a member of the said the report of Male, shall be the other) (that is to say) mailers of the high the person narc of chancery, clerks in the court of King's bench, protho j^erei "men ntatryes in the court of common pleas, and clerks in the court uon< '

F eacchequer; and the said persons so appointed are hereby au loiffified and required, to examine the same, and to report their kdgeroent thereupon; and are also hereby authorised to de taod and receive such fees, for such examination and report, a shall be, from time to time, fixed by any resolution of the louse of commons.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in Sureties living my case. where the party or parties, who are to enter into such more than 40 ccoenizance, or his or their sureties, or either of them, shall ?*!, ej/rom y ttftde at a greater difiance from London than forty miles, it *t"r r "SHALL and may be lawful for such pany or parties, surety or sure nizance be ties, respectively, to enter into such recognisance before any sore a justice of his majesty's justices of the peace } and his majesty's justices of the peace, or any of them, is and are hereby authorised and empowered to take the same and such recognisance, being duly certified under the hand of such justice, and being trans milted to the speaker of the house of commons, shall nave the Came force and effect as if the same had been entered into before the said speaker: also, That it shall and may be Affidavits lawful for the persons to whom it is referred by the speaker to e before a examine the sufficiency of such surety or sureties, to receive Sahcerr ori as evidence, in their said examination, any affidavits relating justicevto be thereto, which shall be sworn before any master of the high received as court of chancery, or before any of his majesty's justices of the '^rnce of peace; and such mafiet of the high court of chancery, or justice of the peace, respectively, is hereby authorised to administer such oath, and is authorised and required to certify such affidavit under his hand.

VIII. And be it enacted, That the house shall not permit Nopetition to any such petition to be withdrawn, except so far as the same be withdrawn may relate to the cledtion or return of any member or Wleftthe members who shall, since the same shall have been present ha" e ea ed, have vacated his or their seat by death, or in any other been vacated, manner.

IX. And be it enacted, That if the petitioner or petitioners, Recognizan

who shall have entered into such recognisance as aforesaid, cet F shall not appear before the house by himself or themselves, or Sharing'be* 1*" by his or their counsel or agents, within one hour after the fore the house time fixed, in pursuance of the above recited acts, and of this at the time ad, for calling in the respective parties, their counsel or P*

agents, for the purpose of proceeding to the appointment of a appointment (elect committee; or if the fcledt committee, appointed in or a select pursuance of the said acts, and of this act, for the trial of such committee, petition, shall inform the house that such person or persons did *

I n wchequer

I

53$, Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c*52. f 1jh&

- not appear before the said committee, by himself or themfent % or by his or their counsel or agents, to profecpte tbtirfcidpfr tition j or if such person or persons shall neglect ra renew thdr said petition within four sating days after the dby; of the cost mencement of every session of the same parliament, fubfagootf to that in which such petition was firli presented, and oil*fc!ecb committee shall have been appointed for ttpri eflbe same, or until the same shall have been withdrawn by tbcptr mi (lion of the house, in every such case such person or perfaw shall be held to have made default in hi or their said recogft* zance; and the speaker of the house of commons shall tin upon certify such recognisance into the court of excheqaff, and shall also certify that such person or persons have madeds fault therein, and such certificate shall be conclusive ewkfaoct of such default, and the recognisance being so certified Uni have the same effect as if the same were eftreaud from aeftft Recognisance of law: provided always, That such recognisance and ccttsim to^dellver an cvcry ca^c^delivered, by the clerk or clerks edtythederk figant of the house of commons, into the hands of them a Aidant into chief baron of the exchequer, or of one of the barons pftk exchequer, or of such officer of the court of exchequer as4bl be appointed by the said court to receive the same.

X. And whereas by several provifeons contained in the com* recited acts mode in the tenth and eleventh years of the reign of kit present Majesty, Sunday and Christmas Day are exceptedfymtbt general regulations of toe said acts\ be it hereby enacted, Tta regulations of in every such case. Good Friday shall.also be excepted therefaty the recited in the same manner as if the same had been specially excepod&9' in the said acts.

preceding nd 11 a enacted, That if, on the day imomdii*

Christmasday, ty preceding any of the three following days, that istofy See. there shall Christmas Day, pfhitsunday, or Good Friday, after reading the not be ioo order of the day for taking any such petition as aforesaid into ft nt" !)? Pnot conf, c^cral*on lt shall found that there are not one hundred excused4can members present, or that the number of forty-nine member, not be com not set aside or excused, cannot be completed, it shall and miy pitied, the or be lawful for the house, if they shall think (it, anything in der for taking the above recited acts to the contrary notwithstanding, todirafi Uon into con tjiat le orcier all he adjourned for any number of dip, federation, and and the house shall then immediately be adjourned to the hour the house and day to which such order shall be so adjourned may bead

XII. And whereas it is enacted, by the said act passed in the db journer) or v(nth year of the reign of his present Majesty, that on the

pointed for taking such petition into confederation % the house Jbailm proceed to any other business whatfeoever, except the fostering if mashers^previous to the reading of the order of the day fortbet pv pose be it hereby enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the house, previous to reading such order, to receive any report from any felelt committee appointed in pursuanccof the above recited acts', or of this act, and to enter the lame upon their journals, and to give the necefiafy ordermnd^cdioos

there

the exchequer,

Gcod Friday to be exempted from the

any number or days.

Oo days appointed for taking petitions into con lideration, reports from fc

1788.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 54. >533

thereupon; and that previous to reading the said order, the' left commit derk of the crown may be admitted to alter or amend any rec f taro, in pursuance of on order made on a' preceding day, or p^jj^vto on that day; and alfe, that it shall and may be lawful for the reading the house, previous to reading the said order, to postpone the same, order of the for the purpose of attending his Majesty, or his majesty's com ay. missioners, in the house of lords, in consequence of any mef fege from his Majesty, or from his majesty's of, signified to the house in the uftial manner.

XIII. And be it also enacted, That if, within one hour af If petitioners rer the timfe fixed in pursuance of the above redted acts, and do not appear of this act, for calling in the respective, parties, their counsel hour*after the or agents, for the purpose of proceeding to the appointment of time fixed for a fcled committee, the petitioner or petitioners, or some one appointing fe or more of them, who hall have signed any such petition, commit shall not appear by himfdf or themselves, or by his or their |fevfortaidmr counsel or agents the order for taking such petition into con such petitions sideration shall thereupon be discharged, and such petition shall intoconsider not be any farther proceeded upon in the manner directed in an to be the aboveiredted sand in this act. discharged.

XIV. And be it enacted, That if, within one hour after Regulations the time so appointed as aforesaid, the sitting member or sitting for trial of the members, or other party or parties opposing the petition, shall {fjons were by himself or themselves, or by his or their counsel no party ap or agents, or if, at the time so appointed as aforesaid, there pears to of shall be no party before the house opposing the petition, the pof^ them, house shall proceed to appoint a feled committee, to try the merits of such petition, in the following manner; (that is to say) that the names of forty-nine members shall be drawn, in the manner prescribed in the above recited acts, but in reducing the list of such names to thirteen, the place of a party opposing the petition shall be supplied by the clerk appointed to attend the said committee, who shall, as often as it shall come to his turn, as supplying the place of the party opposing the petition, to strike out a name, strike out that name which then shall be first in the said list; and in every case where the party opposing the petition would be empowered, by the above re cited acts, to notninate one member to be added to the said thirteen, the said thirteen shall, from among the persons present in the house at the time of drawing the names of the members, choose one person to supply the place of the member to have been so nominated, in the same manner as is directed by the nbove recited act made in the eleventh year of his majesty's reign, in the case where there are more than two parties on 4iftmd interests.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the same method of ^cthol^f reducing the list of members drawn to thirteen, and of no reducing the initiating a member to be added to the thirteen, remaining on iifttoi3tnem the said list, shall be respectively followed, whenever any party hers, See. to shall waive his right of (hiking off names from the aid list, or of nominating a member to be added to the said thirteen. party (halt

XVI. And waive hit # right to do it

53+ Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 51. [1788.

witnesses not

XVI. And be it further entded, That if any perloa fash attending the moned to attend the said select committee by the warrant of the mittector* fr^kcr of the said house, or by order of the said committee, giving Talfe shall disobey such summons, or shall give false evidence, or evidence, etc, prevaricate, or otherwise mi (behave in giving, or in refnfing tobac^bamit 10 gjvc> evidence before the said committee, the said committee ted* shall have power, by a warrant to be signed by the chairman,

and directed to the sergeant at arms attending the house of'commons, or to his deputy or deputies, to commit fitch person (not being a peer of the realm or a lord of parliament) to the custody of the said sergeant, without bail or msm prize, for any time not exceeding twenty-four hours if the house shall then be sitting, or if not, then for a time not exceeding twenty-four hours after the hour to which the house shall then be adjourned.

XVII. And whereas it is enacted by the said act made in the tenth year oj his Majesty's ritgny That if more (ban two members of tk said Jeleft committee shally on any account, be absent therefrom, the said Jeleft committee shall adjourn in the manner in the said8 directed, and fa from time to timey until thirteen members ere of sembled; and that no such determination as in the said act is mentioned shall be madey nor any question be propoftd, unless thirtten members shall be present 5 and that no member jhau have a vote on such determination, or any other question or resolution, who be not attended during every sitting of the said fete ft committee; and thgt % in case the number of members able to attend the said committee Jbass, by death or otherwijey be unavoidably reduced to less than thirteen, and shall so continue for the space of three sitting days, the said committee shall be di[folvedy and another chosen to try and determine the matter of such petition, in the manner in the said act before proved ed\ be it hereby enacted, That whenever any committee (han fa^f^business lave at or business fourteen days, not including those dap 14 days, 11 00 which they shall have adjourned on account of the absence

members may of any member, nor including Sunday, Christmas Dajy or Good proceed Friday, it shall and may be lawful for them to proceed to bu

therein; ness, jf a number of members not less than twelve be present;

and in such case, the committee shall not be dissolved by reason of the absence of the members, unless the number of members able to attend the same shall, by death or otherwise, be unavoidably reduced to less than twelve, and shall so contiiwe and if s; days, for the space of three sitting days; and whenever any comsi member mittee shall in like manner have sat for business twenty-five may proceed, jays, it shall and may be lawful for them to proceed to bofi nets, if a number of members not less than eleven be present; and in such case, the committee shall not be dissolved by rea (bn of the absence of the members, unless the number of members able to attend the same shall, by death or otherwise, be unavoidably reduced to less than eleven, and shall so continue for the space of three sitting days.

Committees

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That every such cousin their ye mittee, at the same time that they report to the house their

final

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 53.' 535

i ml determination on the merits of the petition which. 4hej^pprt to men mere (worn to try, shall also report to the house whether such i1" 3etition did, or did not, appear to them to be frivolous or appear^o bec" exatious j and that they shall in Jike manner report, with re frivolous or peto every parry or parties who shall have appeared before vexatioui. hem in opposition to such petition, whether the opposition of beb party qr parties respectively did, or did not, appear to hem to le frivolous or vexatious; and that if no party shall rave appeared before them in opposition to such petition, they hall then report to the house whether such election or return,

r loch a Hedged omission of a return, or such alleged infus icieocy of a return, as shall be complained of in such petition, iccording as the case shall be, did, or did not appear to them o be vexatious pr corrupt.

XIX. And be it enacted, That whenever any such com Parties oppof anittce shall report to the house, with respect to any such peti ing petitions ion, that the same appeared to them to be frivolous or vexa "ported* tious, the party or parties, if any, who shall have appeared be y.q^9or n fore the committee in opposition to such petition, shall be entitled to recover, from the person or persons, or any of them,

who shall have signed such petition, the full cods and expenses which such party or parties shall have incurred in opposing the same j such costs and expenses to be ascertained in the manner herein after directed.

XX. And be it also enacted, That whenever any such com and petition mittee shall report to the house, with respect to the opposition

made to such petition by any party or parties who shall have ap vexatiously or peared before them, that such opposition appeared to them to be fmolously frivolous or vexatious, the person or persons who shall have signed opposed.to be such petition shall be entitled to recover from such party or entitled to^parties, or any of them, with respect to whom such report ^ncca!

shall be made, the full cods and expenses which such petitioner or petitioners shall respectively have incurred in prosecuting their laid petition; such.cods and expenses to be ascertained in the manner herein after directed.

XXI. And be it also enacted, That whenever, in any case Where nowhere no party shall have appeared before such committee in party appears opposition to such petition, such committee shall report to the such  house. respect to the election or return, or to the alledg petition, the ed omission of a return, or to the alleged insufficiency of a re costs and ex tur^ complained of in any such petition, that the same appences to be peared to them to be vexatious or corrupt, the person or per ^{fnyj[em fops who shall have signed such petition shall be entitled to re a cover from the sitting member or sitting members (if any)*whole election or return shall be complained of intuch petition,

such sitting member or sitting members not having given.notice as aforesaid of his or their intention not to defend the fam$, or from any other person or persons whom the house shall have admitted or directed to be made a party or parties to oppose such petition, the full cods and expenses which speh petitioner or petitioners shall have incurred in prosecuting their said pe vql. xxxvl. Nn tition;

How such costs and expenses arc ter be ascertained.

536 Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 52. [1788.

titlon; such costs and expenses to be ascertained in the manner here n after directed.

XXII. And be it enacted, That in the several cases hereinbefore mentioned, the costs and expenses of prosecuting or opposing any such petition shall be ascertained in manner following; (that is to say), That on application made to the speaker of the house of commons, by any such petitioner or petitioners, or party or parties, as before mentioned, for ascertaining such costs and expenses, he shall direct the same to be taxed by two persons, of whom the clerk or clerk assistant of the house shall always be one, and one of the following officers, not being a member of the house, shall be the other; (that is to say), matters in the high court of chancery, clerks in the court of king's bench, prothonotaries in the court of common ptas, and clerks in the court of exchequer; and the persons so authored and directed to tax such costs and expenses shall, and they are hereby required to examine the same, and to report the amount thereof to the speaker of the said house; who shall, on application made to him, deliver to the party or parties a certificate, signed by himself, expressing the amount of the costs and expenses allowed in such report; and the persons so appointed to tax such costs, and report the amount thereof, are hereby authorised to demand and receive, for such taxation and report, such fees as shall be, from time to time, fixed by any refdunoa of the house.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the party or parties entitled to such costs and expenses, or for his, her, or their executors or administrators, to demand the whole amount thereof, so certified as above, from any one or more of the persons respectively, who are herein before made liable to the payment thereof, in the several cases herein before mentioned; and, in case of nonpayment thereof, to recover the same by action of debt, in any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster; in which action it shall be sufficient for the plaintiff or plaintiffs to declare that the defendant or defendants is or are indebted to him or them (in the sum to which the costs and expenses, ascertained in manner aforesaid, shall amount) by virtue of this act; and the certificate of the speaker of the house of commons, under his signature, of the amount of such costs and expenses, together with an examined copy of the entries in the journals of the house of commons, of the resolution or resolutions of the said select committee or committees, shall be deemed full and sufficient evidence in support

Judgement in of such adtictfi or debt: 'provided always, That in every such action of debt, no wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed; and the party or parties in whose favour judgement shall be given in any such action, shall recover hb or their costs.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That in every case

rauvera rw where amount of such costs and expenses shall have been e32sk: recovered from any person or persons, it shall and maybe

If costs. See. be not paid on demand, they may be recovered by action of debt, etc.

such actions to entitle the party to costs,

Persons paying costs may recover a pro

1788.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 52. 537

lawful for such person or persons to recover in like manner of from any from the other persons, or any of them, if such there shall be, Person who shall be liable to the payment of the said costs and ex, C thereto, pences, a proportionable share thereof, according to the number of persons so liable.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That whenever any such When the felea committee, appointed to try the merits of any such pe jp^irsof titioa as aforesaid, shall be of opinion that the merits of such onquepion* petition do wholly or in part depend on any question or ques respetfing the tiens which shall be before them respeaing the right of elec right of election for the county, city, borough, distria of burghs, or tron ctc f other place to which such petition shall relate, or respeaing the Tight to right of choosing, nominating, or appointing the returning of be delivered ficer or returning officers, who is or are to make return of such in writing; eleaion, the said committee, in such case, shall require the an.^x^c com counfei or agents for the several parties, or if there shall be port*cwithe" none such before them, shall then require the parties them theirdeter selves to deliver to the clerk of the said committee, statements imnation on in writing of the right of eleaion, or of choosing, nominating, the nies

or appointing returning officers, for which they respectively Jhfir judge*contend; and the committee shall Come to distina resolutions menton such on such statements, and shall, at the same time that they re lfcatements. port to the house their final determination on the merits, of such petition, also report to the house such statement or statements, together with their judgement with respea thereto: Report to be and such report shall thereupon be entered in the journals of ?Dterc<| in the the house, and notice thereof shall be sent by the speaker to thereof the sheriff, or other returiring officer of the place to which the sent to the refame shall relate; and a true copy of such notice shall, by such turning offi fhtriff or other returning officer, be forthwith affixed to the ccrctc* doors of the county hall or townhall, or of the parish church nearest to the place where such eleaion has usually been held 5 and such notice shall also be inserted, by order of the speaker, in the next London gazette.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Persons mar, for any person or persons, at any time within twelve calendar within twelve months after the day on which such report shall have been {(jchreportf made to the house, or within fourteen days after the day of petition to be the commencement of the next session of parliament after that admitted to in which such report shall have been made to the house, toppofcthe petition the house to be admitted as a party or parties to of Jfon1 rtcclcc"> pose that right of eleaion, or of choosing, nominating, or ap thereby efta pointing the returning officer or returning officers, who is or blished;

are to make return of such eleaion, which shall have been

deemed valid in the judgement of such committee.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That if no such petition shah be but if no such so printed within the time above limited for presenting the same, the said judgement of such committee, On such ques the^ifdge* non or questions, shall be held and taken to be final and ment of the condusive in all subsequent eleaions of members of parlia committee to ment for that place to which the same shall relate, and to all be conclusive.

N n 2 r 1 iht^nts

53

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 52. [1788.

intents and purposes whatsoever; any usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

Forty days to XXV ill. And be it enacted, That whenever any such pe intervene be tition shall be so presented, a day and hotfr shall be appointed

tween the p^fcnting: and hearing such peti tiona, etc.

Before the hearing such

by the house for taking the same into confederation, so that the space of forty days at the least shall always intervene between the day of presenting such petition and the day appointed by the house for taking the same into confederation; and notice of such day and hour shall be inserted, by order of the (peafccr, in the next London gazette, and shall also be lent by him to the sherifff or other returning officer for the place to which such petition shall relate; and a true copy of such notice shall, by the said sherifff or other returning officer, be forthwith affixed to the doors of the county hall, or townhall, or of the parish church nearest to the place where such election has usually been bekf,

XXIX. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any person or persons, at any time before the day Jo

P 7'. anj appointed for taking Inch petition into con fidera lion, to peri petisoitto^be tien l^c house to be admitted as a party or parties to defend admitted to such right of election, or of chusing, nominating, or appoint defend furl ing the returning officer or returning officers*and such period turn fc^cc" orpcl^ons shall thereupon be so admitted, and shall be coo ion, C C hdered as such to all intents and purposes whatever.

XXX. And be it enacted, That at the hour appointed by the house for taking such petition into consideration, the house

to try the shall proceed to appoint a felcft committee to try the merits men so uc tilercof^ according to the directions of the above recited acts, and of this act; and such select committee shall ibe fwont to try and determine the merits of such petition, so far as the same relate to any question or questions respecting the right of election for the place to which the petition shall relate, or receding the right of appointing, nominating, or choosing the returning officer or returning officers who are to make return of suck election; and the determination of such committee on such question or questions, shall be entered on the journals of the house, and shall be held and taken to be final and condufite in all subsequent elections of members of parliament for that place to which the same shall relate, and to all intents and purposes whatever, any usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXI. And whereas it is amongst other things enaui+ iff* act passed in the second year of the reign of his late majesty trig George the Second, intitutied, An act for the more effectual preventing bribery and corruption in the elections of members to serve in parliament. That such votes shall he deemed to he legal which have been so declared by the last determination in the house of commons; which last determination concerning any county, flare, city, borough, cinque port, or place, shall be final to all intents ami purposes whatever, any usage to the contrary notwithstanding; be it

and the same enacted, That so much of the said act as is above recited shall repealed m a^the same js hereby repealed, in so far only as the same rrhteto^ny relates, or might be construed to relate, to any such determira determina

Committee to he appointed

peti; ionnf whole determination shall he con dufire.

Geo. t. C 14. in part recited;

1788.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 52. 539

tien to be made !n the house of commons subsequent to the n fuhie passing of this 3<3. ?uen.v

XXXII. And be it enacted, That all and every the roles, regulations, authorities, and powers, prescribed or given by re" it*rt L to the above recited acts, or by this act, to feloft committees for be in force the trial of controverted elections or returns, shall be in full with respect force and effect with respect to select committees appointed by to commit virtue of this act for the trial of such question or questions of ^uniier this right as aforesaid, in as full and ample a manner as if the same a(; t. were herein repeated, and particularly and specially enacted, concerning such select committees: provided always, That the Regulations several rules and regulations herein before enacted, by which touching re certain persons are directed to enter into recognizances, and by payment which certain persons are made liable to the payment ofcosts, of cotta not to in the particular manner and in the several cases herein before apply to p: i specified, shall not be construed to apply to the case of any pe n relating titkm presented in pursuance of this act, and relating solely to ^fp aiyr question or questions respecting the right of election, or of; ng ripht ot' chasing, nominating, or appointing a reluming officer or reelection, turning officers.

xxxiii. And be it further enacted, That whenever it shall Combiner happen that parliament shall be prorogued while any select b the committee shall be sitting for the trial of any such petition as prroroyavnn aforesaid, and before they shall have reported to the house their of parliament, determination thereon, such committee shall not be diilol CD by such prorogation; but shall be thereby adjourned to twelve of the clock on the day immediately following that on which parliament shall meet again for the dispatch of business, sun days. Good Friday, and christmas Day, always excepted), and

ah former proceedings of the said committee shall remain and continue to be of the same force and effect as if parliament had not been so prorogued; and inch committee shall meet on the day and hour to which it shall be so adjourned, and shall (henceforward continue to sit from day today, in the manner provided in the above recited acts and in this act, until they shall have reported to the house their determination on the merits of such petition.

FORM of the RECOGNISANCE referred to in this act.

BE it remembered, That on the day of

in the year of our Lord before

me A.B. [speaker of the house of commons] or [one of his majesty's justices of the peace for the county of ]

came C D. E. F. and J. G. and severally acknowledged thera selves to owe to our sovereign lord the King the following sums; that is to say, the said C D. the sum of two hundred pounds, and the said E. F. and the said the sum of one hundred pounds each, to be levied on their respective goods and chattels, lands, and tenements, to the use of our said sovereign lord the

nn 3 King,

540

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 53. [1788.

King, his heirs and successors, in case the said C D. shall fal in performing the condition hereunto annexed.

The condition of this recognisance is, that if the said CD (haq duly appear before the house of commons, at such time or times as shall be fixed by the said house for taking into confederation the petition signed by the said C Z. complaining of an undue eiedion or return for the cf

[here specify the county city, borough, or difirift of burghs] or complaining that no return has been made for the said[ [

] [ ] within the time limited by && of parliament, or, that the return made for the said[ [ ]

[ ] is not a return of a member or members according to the requisition of the writ, and shall appear before any feledf committee which shall be appointed by the house of commons for the trial of the same, and shall renew his said petition in every subsequent session of this present parliament, until a select committee shall have been appointed by the said house for the trial of the same, or until the same shall have been withdrawn by the permission of the said house; this recognisance to be void, othenfcife to be of full force and effect.

CAP. LIII.

An act to indemnify and save harmless all persons who may havecurred penalties or forfeitures under on off, passed in the ninth year of the reign of Queen Anne, intituled An act to dissolve the present and prevent the future combination of coal owners, lightermen, matters of ships, and others, to advance the price of coals, in prejudice of the navigation, trade, and manufactures of this kingdom, and for the further encouragement of the coal trade; and also an act passed in the third year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for the better regulation of the coal trade; and for the bitter preventing of combinations in the trade of coalsm

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an off passed in the ninth year of though reign9 Anne, C a8. of Queen Anne, (entitled. An act to dissolve the present and prevent the future combination of coal owners, lightermen, and mailers of ships, and others, to advance the price of coals, in prejudice of the/iavigation, trade, and manufactures of this kingdom: and for the further encouragement of the coal trade,) it is enabled, That if any lighterman or lightermen, majier or mafitri offlips, crimp, coal fafior, or other person or persons, buying or Jeff ing or dealing in coals, or otherwise concerned in the coal trade, by bim or ihemselyes, his or their agent or fervent, or any other person or persons, stall, at any time or times from and after the first day of June one thousand seven hundred and eleven, receive or take, for the use er benefit of such lighterman or lightermen, mafitr or mafttrs of ships, crimp, coal factor, or other person or persons, any salary, gratuity, reward, allowance, sum or [urns of money, from any coal owner, fitter,

1788.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 53.

rr, majier ofships, or other person or persons whomsoever, for con tr&sting, buying, vending, selling, r disposing of any particular sorts off coals in prejerence of any other sorts ofcoals, ar for the loading of aany or vessel, or for the dispateh, delivery, disposal of the coals from on board of any hip or hips, or vessels, before other ship or ships, or vessels, or flail knowingly sell one Jort of coals for and as a sort wtosich they really are not, every person offending half for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds: and whereas, by an pojjei in the third year of the reign of his late majesty King Cieorge the Second, (entitled. An act for the better regulation of 3 Geo. the coal trade,) after reciting the above recited clause of the said act C 26. of the ninth of Queen Anne, it is enabled, That every person who, from and after the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty, shall take or receive any premium, gratuity, re ward, sum or sums of money, or allowance in coals, or in account, or otherwise, from any coal owner, fitter, or majier of a slip, or any of their agents or servants, for contrasting, buying, vending, or dispos ieeg of, any particular sort of coals, or shall otherwise offend, con sr ary to the true intent and meaning of the above recited clause of the said act, shall, over and above the penalty inflicted by the said act for such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of five hundred pounds; and Shat every coal owner or fitter, who stall, after the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty, by himself or them jelyes, his or their agent or servant, give or agree to give to any slip majier, lighterman, crimp, or buyer of coals, or to any of their agents or servants, or to any person or persons in trust for such ship majier, lighterman, crimp, or buyer of coals, any premium/salary, gratuity, Toward, sum or sums of money, or any allowance in coals, or in account, or otherwise, for contra sting, buying, vending, selling, or dif posing of, any particular sort of coals, or for the loading of any slip or veffil with such coal owners coals, or for the dispateh, delivery, or disposal of such coals from fitch coal owners collieries of Jlaiths; and every person who flail knowingly sell one sort of coals for and as a sort which they really are not; every such coal owner, fitter, or personfo offending, contrary to the true intent and meaning of the said recited act, stall, for every futh offence, forfeit and pay the Turn of five hundred pounds: and whereas, notwithstanding the said two recited a ft s, for many years pqfi, it has been usual and customary for the owners of collieries in the northern parts of this kingdom to charge a higher pi ice to ships loading coals for A London market, than to those loading for the out ports \ and, in conference thereof, to make certain allowances to the London coal buyers, at fated periods; which allowances have confiituted the principal part of the reasonable profits of the London coal buyers, yet great numbers of actions have been commenced dgasnfi various persons in the said trade, as well owners as buyers, on the ground that such allowances are contrary to the two clauses of the said acts above recited: and whereas the persons against whom the said actions are brought, did not introduce the practice complained of, but found it an txifling custom prevalent in the trade when they embarked their fortunes in it: and whereas the actions so brought, should the informer succeei in them, might be attended with the ruin of many of

N n the

For indemnifying persons against whom anions have been brought, t*>ev paying LI costs of the informers

Any number of persons exceeding five nnitipg for the purchase of coals, to be deemed a combination.

[Public act.]

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 53. [1788.

the persons against whom such actions have been brought; in order, therefore, to prevent so much mifehies, litigation, and cxpeace, may it please vou Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That all and every person or persons whomsoever, against whom any action of debt, bill, plaint, or information hath been brought, or which shall be brought, in any of his majesty's courts of record at Westminster, for any penalty or penalties incurred before the passing of this act, by reason of the said recited provisions of the said acts of the ninth of Queen Anne, and third of King George the Second, or either of them, shall be, and is and are hereby indemnified, freed, and dft charged from and against all penalties and forfeitures incurred for or by reason of the said recited provisions of the said acts of the ninth of Queen Anne, and the third of King George the Second, or either of them; anything in the same acts, or either of them, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding: provided always, That all costs incurred in prosecuting and carrying on any ftrch action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, shall be born and discharged by the person or persons against whom any such action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, hath been brought: provided also. That this actor anything herein contained, shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to indemnify any person against whom final judgement shall have been given in any aduon of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his majesty's courts of record, for any penalty or forfeiture incurred by reason of the said acts, or either of them; and that the person or persons against whom such action, bill, plaint, or information hath been or shall be brought, may plead the general issue, and upon their defence give this act and the special matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon.

II. And whereas a certain number of coal buyers have formed themselves into a society, and held private meetings at the coal exchange in the city of London, prof effing to make regulations for the purpose of tarrying on the trade in coals, which regulations may have a tendency t9 prevent the said trade from being free and open: be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from and after the first of ju*e

one thousand seven hundred and eighty eight, any number of persons united in covenants or partnerships, or in any way whatsoever, confining of more than five persons, for the purchasing of coals for sale, or for making regulations with respect to the manner of carrying on the said trade in coals, shall be deemed and adjudged to be an unlawful combination to advance the price of coals, and every person concerned therein shall be liable to be punished by indictment or information for the same, in his majesty's court of King's bench at Westminster.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall be deemed and taken to be a public act, to all intents and purpases; and shall be judicially taken noiice of

as

1788.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 54. 543

such by all judges, justices, and other persons whomsoever, ithout tyre same being specially pleaded or set forth.

CAP. LIV.

An Act to regulate, for a limited Time, the shipping and carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of Africa.

[Preamble.]

WHERAS it is expedient to regulate the shipping and carrying of Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of Africa; be it therefore enacted; and it is hereby enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That From Aug. 1, C shall not be lawful for any matter, or other person taking or 17*8, no vef laving the charge or command of any British ship or vessel what M clearing ever, which shall clear out from any port of this kingdom from Great Britain and after the ttrtt day of August one thousand seven hundred and l0 carry slaves eighty eight, to haveon board, at any one time, or to convey, carry, from Africa bring, or transport ilaves from the coast of Africa to any parts in s^ner beyond sea, in any such ship or vessel, in any greater number J" "5n en "in the proportion of five such slaves for every three tonnes of tioned. the burden of such ship or vessel, so far as the said ship or vessel shall not exceed two hundred and one tonnes; and moreover, of one such Have for every additional tonne of such ship or vessel, over and above the said burden of two hundred and one tonnes, or male slaves who shall exceed four feet four inches in height, in any greater number than in the proportion of one such male slave to every one tonne of the burden of such ship or vessel, so far as the said ship or vessel shall not exceed two hundred and one tonnes, and (moreover) of three such male Haves (who shall exceed the said height of four feet four inches) for every additional five tonnes of such ship or vessel. and above the said burden of two hundred and one tonnes; and every such ship or vessel shall be Vesselstohe deemed and taken to be of such tonnage or burden as is deferib deemed of the ed and set forth in the respective certificate of the registry of each In

and every such ship or vessel, granted in pursuance of an act their certifi made and passed in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his pre cates of font Majesty, (entitled. An act for the further increase and en rek*ft*y* auragement offlipping and navigation:,) and if any such matter, Matter of or other person taking or having the charge or command of any vessel to for. such ship or vessel, shall act contrary hereto, such matter, or every'fla^ other personas aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay the sum of thirty exceeding the pounds of lawful money of Great Brita, for each and every limited such Have exceeding in number the proportions herein before number, limited; one moiety whereof shall go to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, and the other moiety thereof shall go to any person or persons who shall tirtt sue for the same.

II. Provided always, That if there shall be, in any such ship If more than or vessel, any more than two fifth parts of the slaves who shall be children, and who shall not exceed four feet four inches in children, $ height, thep cyery five such children (over gnd above the afore of the surplus

said to be deemed

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 54. [1788.

said proportion of two fifths) shall be deemed and taken tok equal to four of the said (laves within the true intent and meaoh(

of this at.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforefin^ That on the arrival of any such ship or vessel in any island in the iveft Indies, belonging to, or under the dominion of his Majesti^ from the coast of Africa, carrying or conveying any such Asm as aforesaid, the master, or other person having or taking tk weftlndics.to charge or command of such ship or vessel, shall, before any of oath tefe aves* or landed from such ship or vdf

the officer repair to the nearest customhouse, and there declare, oa the customs, oath, before the colleger, or other chief officer of the custoou (who is hereby authorised and required to admintiler the bid oath) the burden of such ship or vessel, and shall at the hmc time shew to such officer the certificate of the registry thereof, and shall also deliver to the said officer upon oath (who is hereby aythorised and required to administer the said oath) an exaa and true account of the greatest number of such (laves, and jpe cify the number of such (laves as shall exceed theafore&id height of four feet four inches, who were or shall have been at aoy one time in or on board such ship or vessel, before, when, or after such ship or vessel quitted or departed from the coast of Afrki Master land for that voyage; and if such master, or other person taking or ing slave having the charge or command of any such ship or vessel, Aal to^oforfeu6 un*p or anc or to be unshipped or hacted,

544

equal to 4 (laves.

Matters of vessels, before they land any slave in the

the burden of the vessel. See.

5 ool.

shall wilfully permit or fufier to be unshipped or landed, tty such (laves, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this a such master, or other personas aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay the sum of five hundred pounds of lawful money of Great Britain for every such offence; and one moiety of the said foriettoit shall go to his Majesty, his heirs or successors, and the other moiety of the said forfeiture shall go to the person or persons Officers of the who shall first sue for the same: and it shall and may be lawfel customs to for such collector, or other chief officer of the customs, and he is hereby required to search, or to cause search to be made in every part of such ship ot vessel, to see and to take an account of the number of such (laves on board such ship or vessel, audio specify in such account the number of (laves not exceeding (burr feet four inches in height: provided always, That in case the faij collector, or other chief officer of the customs, shall be absent, or that there shall be no such officer in any such island where the said ship shall arrive as aforesaid, or in case there shall be no such other officer of the revenue, then any civil officer in the said island shall be, and he is hereby authorised and required, upon application as aforesaid, to administer the said oath to such master, or other person taking or having the charge of such vessel, and to receive the said declaration of the burden of such ship as aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall not be lawful for the master, or other person taking or having the charge or command of any such ship or vessel

as

take an account of the slaves on board such vessels.

Where there is no officer of the custom, any civil officer to receive the oath of the master.

vessel to

c*rry any flrves, unless

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 54. 545

aforesaid, which shall be cleared out from any port in Great ft be entered riimim after the first day of August one thousand seven hundred'thatpur id eighty eight, to take or have on board such ship or vessel, f^ou^and*

convey, carry, bring, or transport any slaves from the coart unlcfc the furs Africa to any parts beyond sea, in any such ship or vessel as pon give oresaid, unless such ship or vessel shall, at the time of her so "ond tokccp earing out, have been entered for such purpose at the custom thedumkr wife of the port from whence (he cleared out; and unless the of the (laves, irgeon of or belonging to such ship or vessel shall have given See. during ond to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and shall have leftvoyage.

same in the hands of the collector or comptroller of the cuf )ms in the port from whence such ship or vessel shall depart for ich voyage to the coast of Africain the penal sum of one hundred ounds, with condition, that such surgeon shall keep a regular nd true journal, containing an account of the greatest number A slaves which shall have been, at any time during such voyage, m board such ship or vessel, from the time of the arrival of such hip or vessel on the coast of Africa as aforesaid, until her arrival it the port of her delivery, and of the deaths of any such slaves )t crew of the said ship or vessel, and of the cause thereof, during the voyage, from the first departure of the said ship or vessel, to her arrival on the coast of Africa, during her stay on the said: and after her departure from thence to the said port of delivery, or during such time as such surgeon shall have been on board such ship; and that the said surgeon shall deliver such the'officerat journal to the collector, or other officer as aforesaid, at the first the first bri briti/k port where such ship or vessel shall arrive after leaving tifli port of the coast of Africa, and shall make oath to the truth of such arrival journal, to the best of his knowledge and belief, before such col Officer to de le&or or other officer as aforesaid, who is hereby authorised and LI to the required to administer the said oath; and such collector, or other Sroeon co officer as aforesaid, shall deliver to such master, or other person pics of the as aforesaid, and to such surgeon respectively, copies of the oath oath of the of such master, or other personas aforesaid, and also of the said former, and journal, which copies shall severally be attested (as true copies Utter and by such collector or other officer as aforesaid, under his hand and \0 transmit sea); and duplicates of the said copies, attested in like manner, duplicates to shall be transmitted by the said collector, or other chief officer, the comraif to the of of his majesty's customs in London; and if lhc

such master or surgeon shall at contrary hereto, such master or Rafter or surgeon shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of one furgeonaaa hundred pounds; one moiety whereof shall go to his Majesty, ing contrary his heirs or successors, and the other moiety thereof shall go to hcrcto.to for any person or persons who shall sue for the same. fcit Iool#

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That aatocxtend the several provisions contained in this act shall extend and be in to ships which force, with respect to such British ships as aforesaid as shall have Au 1 1788 failed before the first day of August one thousand seven hundred if*copy be*and eighty*eight, from any port of Great Britain, and shall on delivered to the coast of Africa take on board and convey any slaves to any the comparts beyond sea, in all cases where a printed copy thereof shall "ca^rt^ckf^c

ks in more than

54-6 the limited number of slaves.

Ifatthe time of the deli. of the at, there shall be on

of (laves of any deferiptien beyond the allowed proportions, no more of that deferip tfon is to be received nor

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 54.

[17w.

be delivered to the commander or principal officer of any fafc ship, before such ship shall have taken in a greater number cf (laves than in the proportions herein before limited.

VI. Provided always, That if any such British ship as ifort said shall have on board a greater number of the said Oaves, of any description, than in such proportions as aforesaid, attht time the copy of this ais delivered to such commander or pritw ih^pa number clpa* cer* or other person having charge of the same as aforesaid, it shall not be lawful (or such commander or principal officer as aforesaid, or any other person having charge of the same, to receive on board any more of the said description of (laves than shall have been on board at the time of the said copy of this act being delivered, or of any other description of flares. To as to exceed in the whole the proportions herein before prescribed, reckoning five children who shall not exceed four feet four inches of an other n as to fur grown (laves, as aforesaid, and if any

so as tocx*such matter, or other personas aforesaid, shall a contrary toe ceed in the to, he shall forfeit and pay the sum of thirty pounds of hwfot whole the money of Great Britain, for every such slave so taken on bond;

prescribed an(j onc mo, cty of the said forfeiture shall go to his Majesty, fail

heirs and successors, and the other moiety to any person or per contraryhcre ons who shall Arft sue for the same.

to, to forfeit VII Andy in order to tie due execution of this act, with resptq 3ol. for every to such ships as shall have Gaoled previous to the first day of Augsft, |atc*.. one thousand seven hundred and eighty eight, be it enacted by (be appoint a pro authority aforesaid, That it shall and ui2y be lawful for thelonh per person to of of the admiralty to appoint a proper person tie deliver copies persons to deliver copies thereof to the commanders, or other oft head to principal officers, who shall be on board such ships or veflebt mamkrs'of which person or persons so appointed shall be, and he and they ships which is and are hereby authorised to take an account of the number failedprevious of the (laves, their sex, and such of them as shall exceed (he tosug'i5* height of four feet four inches, on board such ships as they dull take anac 0 nd on the coast of Africa or the seas adjacent thereto, at the times they shall deliver the printed copies of this at on board the same, by muttering the said (laves; and the said person or persons to be appointed as before provided shall, with as Hide delay as possible, transmit to each of the collectors of the customs in the British ittandf in the ivejl Indies^a list of the ships on

count of the ihves.

A list of the Ships to which the act has been deliver

stot to the collectors of the customs in the ilritith West-india iilaads.

ed, etc. to be board of which copies of this a shall have been delivered, as herein before provided, and of the names of the commanders thereof, together witi> such account so taken in each vessel as

aforesaid.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any commander or officer, or other person, on bmrd Commanders, of any fych British ship as aforesaid, shall obstruct or hinder any etc. obstruct person or persons to be appointed by the lords of ot j'onsvo^p^ the admiralty, as herein before provided, from examining and pointed by ascertaining the number of (laves in any such ship or vessel in tnc admiralty manner aforesaid, such commander, or officer, or other person forfeit tool. j0 pbftrudiiqg or hyid$ring as aforesaid, (h^ll, fer every such

offenp*,

1788.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 54.

ence, forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds of law money of Great Britain, one moiety whereof shall be applied the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other >icty to him or them who shall fuc or prosecute for the same.

IX. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to the Case of a Ship taking on board any Number of Slaves that shall be found shipwrecked, or from on board any other Ship or Vessel where, by reason of Mutiny or Insurrection among the Slaves, or the Crew, or by Failure of Hands, or by any actual Distress of the Vessel, the Master or Commander shall be disabled from governing the Ship, or continuing the Voyage; the Proof of which shall lie upon the Master, or Person having Charge of such Ship or Vessel so taking on board such Slaves.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, latin every such ship or vessel the upper as well as lower thq* and the space between decks, shall be allotted and pro riy prepared for the reception of the said Haves; and that after j such ship or vessel shall have taken two thirds of her com sotent of Haves on board, in the proportions herein before reded, no goodi, wares, or merchandise, shall ever be flowed gut in any such cabin or place in which any such Haves

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Ijat, from and after the first day of August one thousand seven and eighty eight, it shall not be lawful for any person become a matter, or to take or have the command or charge ttfty such ship or vessel at the time (he shall clear out from any jft of Great Britain, for purchasing and carrying Haves from ^rjpoafto(africa, unless such master, or person taking or hav gthe charge or command of any such ship or vessel, shall have My served in such capacity during one voyage, or shall have m as chief mate or surgeon during the whole of two voyages, either as chief or other mate, during three voyages, in pur m6ng and carrying Haves from the coast of Africa; under pain At such master, or person taking or having the charge or com apd of any such ship or vessel, and also the owner or owners, bo tfiall hire or employ such person, shall, for every such of ncc respectively, forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds.

[No insurance to be made against any loss, except the perils of the sea, &c.]

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, it shall not be lawful for any Owner or Owners of any such Ship or Vessel to insure any Cargo of Slaves, or any Part thereof, on board the same, against any Loss or Damage, save and except the Perils of the Sea, Piracy, Insurrection, or Capture by the King's Enemies, Barratry of the Master and Crew, and Destruction by Fire; and that all and every Policy of Insurance, hereafter made contrary to this Act, shall be, and the same is hereby declared to be null and void, to all, Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

547

Not to extend to ships taking on board (laves found Shipwreeked, C

The upper and lower cabin, and the space between decks, to be allotted to the (laves, and no goods to be stowed therein after two thirds of the compliment shall be on board.

If any perfoa take the charge of a vessel, who ifl not qualified as herein directed, he shall forfeit 50*. at also the owner who shall hire him.

548 Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 54. [1788.

No vessel to be

That no such ship or vessel shall be allowed to clear out, untefc

tha^ha8not.a appear to the collector or other principal officer of the

surgeon8 to*customs at the port, that there is one surgeon at lead engage

her, who has to proceed on board such ship or vessel5 and unlefe fudi (urgeot

pasted hisexa shall have produced, to such collector or other principal officer

minanon at Of tfoc customs, a certificate of his having passed his ezatntnadeit furgeoob hall. at furgeong halj. 6f

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. If the officer That if it shall be made appear; to the satisfaction of the CCI at the port of leclor, or other principal officer of the port where such ship or any vessel, vee am be discharged, that there shall not have died more shall be fat if than in the proportion of two (laves in the hundred, from the fied that there time of the arrival of such ship or vessel on the coast of Afrkty have not died, \0 the time of her arrival at her port of discharge in any of the voyage ^raore ans n lhe Indies belonging to or tender though dominioo than mthe of his Majesty, in such case, the collector brother principal proportion of officer as aforesaid shall, and he is hereby authorised and requir a^iavr uln the ct mac out certificates, specifying the number of Haves the appear to have been taken on board the said ship or vessel, and the number that have died within the period abovementioned; one of which certificates shall be delivered to the matter, and the other to the surgeon of such ship or vessel; and on production of fure? ad such certificates, the of of his majesty's customs in thereof to the England and Scotland respectively shall, and they are hereby commission authorised and required to direct the sum of one hundred pounds er of thecuf to be paid to the matter, and the sum of fifty pounds to be paid to^rdei cthye to^urgeon lip or vessel, out of any money that shall

mafte/iool? he n t*le hands of the receiver-general of the customs of Engkd and Scotland respectively; or if it shall be made appear to the collector, or other principal officer as aforesaid, that there find not have died more than in the proportion of three (laves in the hundred, from the time of the arrival of such ship or vessel on the coast of Africa, to the time of her arrival at her port of discharge in any of the said West-india islands, in such case the collector or other principal officer as aforesaid shall, and he is here V ty authorised and required to make out like certificates, and to ticm ofjiltthe deliver one to the master, and the other to the surgeon of such 100; on the ship or vessel; and the commissioners of the customs in Englni Potion of and Scotland respectively shall, and they are hereby authorised matter to be arm rc(lu*re<^ on production of such certificates, to directhe fom of fifty pounds to be paid to the master, and the sum of twenty-five pounds to be paid to the surgeon of such ship or Vessel.

100 of her cargo, he ito give certificates to the matter and

and the surgeon 50u and like certificates to be given where the mortality has not been greater than in the propor

XV. And whereas cases may occur in which it may be just ead tnfati

paid5ol. and the surgeon h

Commission warrantable that compensatim should be made to individuals who met ers appointed fujiq{n [0jje5 in consequence of this act be it further enacted, That tzr Brook ivation esquire, Samuel Btacbcroft esquire, and wilseu tained in con Roe esquire, shall be, and they are hereby appointed commit frquence cf sioners for the purpose of inquiring into any losses which may this act, by^fuftajncd, in consequence of this ak by any merchants or

!ha apply owners of any ships or vessels engaged in the African trade, who before Sept, i, shall make application to the said of before the fed 1788. day

549

Persons so applying to lay before the commissioners the ground of their claims

of may examine upon oath;

are to determine the amount of losses, and report to parliament what compensation (hold be made the claimants.,

commission era to take the following

1788.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 54.

y of September next ensuing; and that all persons making such plication shall, as soon as they are enabled so to do, lay be rdthe said of full statements of the grounds of cic respective claims, specifying the particulars of all the exaces, net proceeds, profits or losses attending the voyage or Lwfeature, in respect of which such application shall be made, get her with all such circumstances as shall appear to the said tafttnifiioners necessary for their information, in order to afeer in the losses of the persons h applying; and the said commissioners shall have power to examine upon oath, touching the tatters of the said claims, all persons whom the said commissioners shall think fit; and all persons are hereby directed and Mjuired punctually to attend the said of at such me and place as they shall appoint; and the said of, s soon as they shall have completed the examination of the ttend claims laid before them, shall determine the amount of so losses which bona fide have been sustained by any of the said Ipimants in consequence of this act, and which the said lausnants shall not have been able to avoid, and shall report, as boa as conveniently may be, to both houses of parliament, that compensation shall appear to the said of to be mdonable to be made to such claimants: and the said commissioners, before they proceed to take any step in pursuance of this ift shall take an oath before the master of the rolls for the time being, or one of his majesty's justices of the court of king's^bench, or common pleas, or one of the barons of the exchequer,

(which they or either of them are hereby authorised and required to administer, in the form following; that is to say,

Ijf. B. do swear. That, according to the bed of my skill and oath.

knowledge, I will faithfully and impartially execute the several powers and trttfts veiled in me by virtue of an act, entitled, An q8 to regulate, for a limited time, the hipping and carrying fiaves in British vessels from the coast of Africa.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the lords commission Treasury to ers of his majesty's treasury, or the lord high treasurer for the rd^o0j time being, is and are hereby authorised and required to issue payment and cause to be paid all such (urns of money, not exceeding two of clerks, ?rc. thousand pounds, to such person or persons as the said of shall, by writing under their hands, desire or direct, out of any part of the public moneys remaining in his majesty's ex chequer; which sum so issued and paid shall be employed fosthe payment of clerks, messengers, and other officers, and in defraying all other necessary charges in or about the execution of the powers of this act, and in such manner, and in such proportions as shall be appointed by the said of, by writing under their hands and seals in that behalf; the same to be accounted for by the person or persons to whom the same shall be issued and paid according to the course of his majesty's exchequer, without any fee or other charges to be taken or demanded

and how penalties may be sued for.

Limitation of actions.

---

550 Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 54. [1788.

for the issuing and payment of the tame, or on the passing of the said accounts, other than such sum as the said commissioners shall appoint; and which money so issued shall not be subject to any tax, duty, rate, or assessment whatsoever, imposed by authority of parliament.

[His Majesty may appoint to vacancies of commissioners during the recess of parliament.]

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case of a Vacancy or Vacancies, by Death or Resignation, of any one or more of the said Commissioners during the Recess of Parliament, it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty to nominate and appoint such person or persons as he may think proper to supply such Vacancy or Vacancies; and that every Person so nominated and appointed shall be held and considered to be invested with all the same Powers as are delegated to the Commissioners appointed by this Act.

[How offences may be tried,]

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Offence committed in Breach or Violation of this Act, may be tried in any Court of Oyer and Terminer in any County in England wherein such Offence shall have been committed; or in case such Offence shall have been committed in Parts beyond the Seas, then in such County within which the Ship on board which such Offence shall have been committed shall have cleared out, or in the County of Middlesex; and any Penalty or Forfeiture inflicted by this Act may be prosecuted, sued for, and recovered, in any Court of Record in Great Britain; and in every such Action or Suit, the Party against whom Judgment shall be given (whether Plaintiff or Defendant) shall pay Double Costs of Suit; and every such Action shall and may be brought at any Time within three Years after the Offence committed, and not afterwards; and every such Action shall be carried on without wilful Delay.

[Persons committing, or suborning others to commit perjury, to be liable to the penalties inflicted by law thereon.]

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person taking any Oath by this Act authorised or required to be taken, shall thereby commit wilful Perjury, or if any Person shall unlawfully procure or suborn any Person to take any Oath by this Act authorised or required to be taken, whereby such Person shall commit wilful Perjury, every such Person shall incur and suffer the like Pains and Penalties as are by Law inflicted upon Persons committing wilful and corrupt Perjury, or Subornation of Perjury.

[Continuance of this act.]

XX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in force, till the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, and no longer, except for the Purpose of trying or suing any Person in consequence of any Offence or Offences committed in Breach or Violation of this Act.

CAP. LV.

An act for the better and more effectual protection of stocking frames and the machines or engines annexed thereto, or used therewith; and for the punishment of persons destroying or injuring of such stocking frames machines or engines and the framework knitted pieces, stockings,

1788.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 55. 551

and other articles and goods used and made in the hosiery or framework knitted manufactory, or breaking or destroying any machinery contained in any mill or mills used or any way employed in preparing or spinning of wool or cotton for the use of the stocking frame.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the frames for making of framework-knitted pieces, stockings, and other articles and goods in the hosiery or framework knitted manufactory, are very valuable and expensive machines, and generally the property of the hosier or manufacturer, who lets the same to hire to his workmen or framework-knitters; and it hath frequently happened that the hosier or manufacturer, being the owner or employer of such frame or frames, and having so put and let the same out to hire, and wanting, for the accommodation of his trade and business, to take and remove such frame or frames from the use and possession of one workman into the hands and custody of another, and having for such purpose given the customary and usual notice to the workman in whose hands or custody such frame was, so to deliver up the same, such workman hath wilfully detained and withheld the same, and sometimes absolutely and unlawfully sold and disposed thereof, to the great grievance, inconvenience, and loss of such hosier or manufacturer: And whereas it hath frequently happened, when discontents have arisen amongst the framework-knitters, that they and other disorderly persons have assembled in a riotous and tumultuous manner, and have destroyed or materially damaged great numbers of stocking frames, and the machines or engines thereto annexed or used therewith, and committed great violences and outrages upon many of his Majesty's good subjects; wherefore it is necessary that more effectual provision should be made against such unlawful practices, and for preventing such violences and outrages for the future, and for bringing all offenders in the premises to more speedy and exemplary justice: May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the Kings most excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same,

[Framework knitters hiring frames, and refusing to return them on fourteen days notice, to forfeit 20s.;]

That if any framework knitter or framework knitters, who shall or may rent or take by the hire, any stocking frame or frames, either with or without any machine or engine thereto annexed, or therewith to be employed, of and from any person or persons whomsoever, shall at any time, from and after the passing of this Act, refuse to yield up and re-deliver such frame or frames, with the machine or engine therewith let (if any such there shall be) to the person or persons of whom he or they shall or may so rent the same, having received from such person or persons fourteen days previous notice for such purpose, then, and in every such case, the person so offending, being thereof lawfully convicted by the oath, or (if the owner or employer thereof be of the people called Quakers,) solemn affirmation of the owner or employer of such frame or frames, or by the oath or affirmation of any other credible witness or witnesses, before any one or more justice or justices of the peace of the county, riding, division, city,

552 Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 55. [1788.

liberty, town, or place, where such offence shall be committed, or where the person or persons so charged shall reside or inhabit (which oath or affirmation the said justice or justices is and are hereby empowered and required to administer), the person or persons so offending shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of twenty shillings to and for the use of the poor of the parish where such offence shall be committed;

[and if not immediately paid, and the frames returned in 6 days after conviction, to be imprisoned not more than three months, nor less than one.]

and in case the said forfeiture shall not be immediately paid, and the said frame or frames, with the machine or engine therewith let, (if any such there shall be) delivered up to the owner or owners thereof, within six days next after such conviction, the justice or justices before whom such conviction shall be had shall commit the party or parties so convicted to the common gaol, or other public prison of such county, riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place, there to remain without bail or mainprize, and be kept to hard labour, for any time not exceeding three calendar months, nor less than one calendar month.

[Persons so hiring frames, and selling them, to be imprisoned not less than three, nor more than twelve months;]

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any one person so renting or taking to hire any stocking frame, with or without any such machine or engine as aforesaid, shall at any time, from and after the passing of this Act, sell or otherwise unlawfully dispose of any such stocking frame, or the machine or engine therewith let (if any such there shall be), without the consent of the owner or owners thereof, every such offender, being thereof lawfully convicted upon any indictment to be found against him, shall suffer solitary imprisonment in the common gaol or house of correction of the county, riding, division, city, liberty, town, or place wherein such offence shall have been committed, without bail or mainprize, for a space not less than three calendar months, nor exceeding twelve calendar months.

[and persons purchasing them liable to the same punishment.]

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall wilfully and knowingly receive or purchase any such stocking frame, machine, or engine, so sold or unlawfully disposed of as aforesaid, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this Act, and shall thereof be lawfully convicted on any indictment to be found against him or them, every such offender or offenders shall be subject to such and the like punishment as by this Act is inflicted, or provided to be inflicted, on such person so selling or unlawfully disposing of any such stocking frame, machine, or engine as aforesaid.

[Persons entering shops, &c. with an intent to destroy, or destroying any framework-knitted pieces, to be guilty of felony.]

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall, by day or by night, enter by force into any house, shop, or place, with an intent to cut or destroy any framework-knitted pieces, stockings, or other articles or goods, being in the frame, or upon any machine or engine thereto annexed, or therewith to be used or prepared for that purpose; or shall wilfully and maliciously cut or destroy any framework-knitted pieces, stockings, or other articles or goods, being in the frame, or upon the machine or engine as aforesaid, or prepared for that purpose; or shall wilfully and maliciously break, destroy, or damage, any frame, machine, engine, tool, instrument,

1788.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 56, 57. 553

or utensil, used in and for the working and making of any such framework-knitted pieces, stockings, or other articles or goods in the hosiery or framework-knitted manufactory, not having the consent of the owner so to do, or break or destroy any machinery contained in any mill or mills used or any way employed in preparing or spinning of wool or cotton for the use of the stocking frames, every offender, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of felony, and shall be transported to some of his Majesty's dominions beyond seas, for any space or term of years not exceeding fourteen years, nor less than seven years.

CAP. LVI.

An act to repeal an act, made in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for regulating insurances on ships, and on good, merchandizes, or effects; and for substituting other provisions, for the like purpose, in lieu thereof.

---

25 Geo. 3. c. 44* repealed; and from passing the present act, no policy to be made on any ship, or goods, without inferring thereon the name or names, or the firm of dealing of one or more of the per fans interested, CC or the name of the cemfigoor or cenfignee, ar of the person re feding in Great Britain, who shall receive or give the order for such pa Ircy. Policies made contrary to this act to be void.

CAP. LVII.

An act for limiting the number of persons to be carried on the oufjide of stage coaches or other carriages.

WHEREAS great mischiefs frequently arise9 and bad acci* Preamblr;

wy dents happen, by reason of m improper number of per fans being allowed to go as passengersou the roofs or boxes of coaches, ebaifes* and other carriages of the like forty travelling for hire; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the king's moult excellent majesty, by and with the advice and con fern of the lords spiritual and temporal, and comfoons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the first day of November one From Nov. r, thousand seven hundred and eighty eight, it the driver of any W, only 6 coach, chaise, or other carriage of the like sort, going or travel^ling for hire, shall permit or suffer more than six peri'ons, at one roof; and a and the same time, to ride or go upon the roof, or more than upoo the box, two prisons, besides the driver, on the box of any such coach, of*"7 chaiic, or carriage, going or travelling for hire, every such dri the Vnahie? ver so offending, and being convicted of such offence, either by herein men his own confession, the view of a justice of the peace, or by the tioacd. oath or oaths of one or more credible witness or witnesses, before any justice of the peace acting in and for the county, riding, city, town, divtfton, or place where such offence shall be committed (which oath every such justice is hereby authorised and required to administer), every such driver shall, for every person to riding or going as an outside passenger, over and above the number of persons herein before mentioned and allowed, forfeit and pay tholum of forty Shillings; and in case the driver so offending shall alb be the owner of such coach, chaise, or other O 0 2 carriage.

554 Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 57. [1788.

carriage, then the sum of four pounds; and in default of payment of the said penalties respectively, the person and person fa offending shall be committed to the common gaol, or bouft of correction, of the county, riding, city, town, division, or place where such offence shall have been committed, there to remain, without bail or mainprize, for the space of one month, unless such penalty shall be sooner paid.

Ifdrivers can

II. And be it further enacted, That if the driver of any not be found, coach, chaise, or other such carriage, going or travelling wkha near the greater number of persons on the top or box thereof than is ai owner of the lowed by this act, cannot be found or known, or being fooood carriage to be or known shall not attend in pursuance of any summons which liable to the may be served upon him, requiring his appearance before a jjuf penalty. t, CC Of the peace, upon a complaint and information laidagunft him of any offence committed against this act, then, and in every such case, the owner or proprietor of such coach, chaise, or other such carriage, shall be liable to the penalty hereby laid upon such driver.

ISLAND be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, p e officer, That if any constable or other peace officer shall refuse or neglect executevw to execute any warrant granted by any justice of the peace, par rants, to for suant to the directions of this act, every such person so offend feit 40. or to ing, and being convicted thereof before one or mere justice or beimprisoned justices of the peace, either by his own confession, or upon the ora mon. oatjj Q Qnc Of more cree|j|>]e witness or witnesses (which oath such justice or justices is and are hereby authorised and required to administer), shall for every such offence forfeit and pay the sum of forty Shillings; and in case the person so convicted doth not forthwith pay, or secure to be paid, the said penalty, then it shall lawful for such justice or justices of the peace to commit such person to the common gaol or house of correction of the county, riding, city, town, division, or place where such offence shall be committed, there to remain, without bail or mainprize, for any time not exceeding one month, unless the said penalty shall be sooner paid.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all penalties by this act imposed shall go and be paid oo: half to the informer, and the other half to the surveyor of the highways of the parish or place where such offence shall be committed, to be laid out and applied in the amendment or repair of the public roads or highways within such parish or place respectively.

V. And be it further enacted, That the forms of the pro ttinn m me ccec*'ngs re^tive to the several matters contained in this act, fcmufcto'he which are set forth and expressed in the schedule hereunto an uftrdon alloc flexed, shall be used upon all occasions, with such additions or cations. variations only as may be necessary to adapt them to the particular circumstances of the case; and that no objection shall be allowed to be made, or advantage taken, on account of want of form only, in any such proceedings.

[Publick act.]

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this

Application or peaikiea*

Tonnof proceeding set forth in the

1788.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 57.'

his a shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a public

and be judicially taken notice of as such by all judges, juf and other persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

tplie SCHEDULE referred to, containing the FORM ofpro ceedings mentioned in the foregoing aft

for any person or persons to attend a justice. Middlesex.

To A.B. of

WHEREAS complaint and information hath been made V upon oath, before me C D. one of his majesty's justices of" the peace for the said [county, etcetera] by E F. of that, etcetera [ Hereflatethe nature and tbt case, as far as it shall be necefjery to Show the offence, and to bring it within the authority of the justice and in doing that, follow the words of the act as mar as may] These are therefore to require you personally to appear before me at

in the said [county, etcetera] on the day of next at the hour of in the

noon, to answer to the said complaint and information quade by the said. F. who is likewise directed to be then and there present to make good the same. Herein fail not.

Given under my hand and seal, this day of

one thousand seven hundred

INFORMATION.

aliddlesex.tye it remembered. That on the

tl day of one thousand seven hundred

A.B. of in the said county, informeth

and maketh oath before me one of his

majesty's justices of th peace for the said county, that

of in the said county [Here describe the

offence particularly, and follow the words of the act as near may be] contrary to the Statute made in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of King George the Third, for [Here insert the title of the act] which hath imposed a forfeiture of for the said offence.

Taken and sworn the day of

before me,

C D.

FORM of CONVICTION.

Middlesexn "HE it remembered. That, on the il day of in the year

thousand seven hundred at

o03

of our Lord one

in the County

S Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 58  60. 1178*.

county of aforesaid, A.B. came before me C DONE

of his majesty's justices of the peace for the said county, etcetera artd informed me, that E. F. of on the

day of now la ft past, at

in the said county, did [Here set forth the fast in the manner ser feribed by the act] whereupon the said. F. after being duly fuen moned to answer the said charge, appeared before me on the day of at

in the said county, and having heard the charge contained in the said information, declared that he was not guilty of the said offence; but the same being fully proved upon the the oath of G. H. a credible witness, it manifestly appears to me the said justice, that he the said. F. is guilty of the offence charged upon him in the said information: it is therefore considered and adjudged by me the said justice, that he the said. F. be coavicted, and 1 do hereby convidl him of the offence aforesaid; and I do hereby declare and adjudge that he the said. F. hath forfeited the fain of of lawful money of Great Britain

for the offence aforesaid, to be distribuied as the law directs, according to the form of the Statute in that case made and provided.

Given under my hand and (sal, the day of

one thousand seven hundred

This is to be After the words, being duly summoned to ^nfwer to the \ said charge, " insert (did not appear before me pursuant to ty refuses said summons) or (did neglect and refuse to make any de, appear upon I fence against the said charge, but the same being fully prov the summons. Led, etcetra) as before.

This is to be C After the words, contained in the said information, " inserted when I insert (acknowledged and voluntarily confected the Came to culd^nfef I true anc^appears to me the said justice, etu* festhecharge. L fra) as above.

CAP. LVIII.

An act for enlarging and improving the harbour of Leith; for making a new baton, quays, wharves, or docks: for building warehouses; for making new roads, and widening oinert, leading to and from the said harbour; and for impowerlrtg the lord provost, magistraita, tod council of the city of Edinburgh, to purchase lands, housei, and areas; and to borrow money for these purposes.

CAP. LIX.

An act for establiftung a permanent fund for the relief and support of skippers and keel men employed on the river Tyne, who by ficknest, or other accidental misfortunes or by old age flah not be able to maintain themselves and their families; and also for the relief of the widows and children of such skippers and keelmcn.  The fodetyof keelmen on the river Tyne incorporated, and each kedman to pay one penny out of his weekly wages.

CAP. X

An act to explain and amend an act, made in the twelfth year of the reign of his present majesty King George the Third, for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating the sutures, Arms,

557

1788.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c.  63.

rows, lanes, alleys, and other public paltige* and places within the parish of Christchurch, in Middlesex; and for removing nulfances and obstructions therefrom, and preventing the like for the future; and for paving and regulating such parts of Brick Lane as art not within the said pariib.  1, 5131. drbt since former act (may borrow, o3oj. besidea i4ooool. by former act) i rates for paving and regulating now as. 2d. per pound.

CAP. LXI.

An act for continuing an act, made in the fircond year of the reign of hi present Majesty, intituled An act for enlarging the term and powers of fevera) acts of parliament relating to the harbour of Whitehaven, in the county of Cumberland, and to the roads leading to the said harbour and town of Whitehaven, and for further enlarging the iald harbour; and for lighting the said town, and supplying the same with water; and for regulating the carmen there; and for repealing so much of an act of the twenty-third year of the reign of his late Majesty, as relates to the road from Calder bridge to Egremont, and directing how the said road shall be repaired; and for repairing several other roads therein mentioned, in the said county.  Continued for axe years (except so much of aft 13 Geo. a. C 40. as relates to road from Calder Bridge to Egremont, and was repealed by % Geo. 3. c. 87. and except exemption from stamp duty).

CAP. LXII.

An act for pulling down and rebuilding the parish church of Saint Peter lc Poor, within the city of London, and for widening the fhrect adjacent.

Corporation of London to give 500l. House belonging to parish. efu mate of expense 6, ooool. All acts done by five to be valid. Trustees to choose a president, who is to have a calling vote. All proceedings to be entered in a proper book. Old Broad Street to be thirty feet six inches wide. To crest a new church. Trustees may dispote of the remainder of the ground. Trustees to raise any sum not exceeding 8, ooool. by annuities for life at 8 percent, assignable. Rate is. 6d. per pound, according to land tax from Midsummer 1788, to be recovered as poor's rates, but payment thereof not to give settlement. Collector to account, and not to be Quakers, Rates to be vested in the Trustees. Rates payable quarterly. Tenants to pay the whole rate, and to deduct half of it out of thtirrent. Not to affect agreement between landlords and tenants. Money lost by infoivency or otherwise, new rate to be laid. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the quarter sessions. Empty fcoufes not to be rated.

CAP. LXIII.

An act for charging several estates in the counties of Northumberland, Cumberland, and Durham, settled upon the late Charles Radcliffe decensed> for lifey with remainder to his first and other font, in tail male, with the payment of a dear yearly relit charge of two thousand five hundred pounds, payable to the grandson of the said Charles Kadclisse, the right honourable Anthony James earl of Newburgh, and the heirs male of his body to be begotten.

I. AND whereas the said James Bartholomew late earl of jftl Newburgh died on or about the second day of January in the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven leaving the foetid Anthony James earl of Newburgh, his only son, him surviv who was born at Slindon, in the county of Suliex, on the twentieth

558 Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c*6j.

[1788.

day of June, in the year one thousand seven hundred ami fifty even: and whereas of all the efiates jor filed by the adherents n the cause of the family of Stuart, either in the year one thousand je tten hundred and fifteen, or one thousand seven hundred and forty five the Derwentwater efiates alone fill remain vejled in the trustees of the public, and the hardship to the said Anthony James eari of Newburgh is singular and unprecedented, in being deprived of a great part of his ancient family efiates, mot by the effkfts of the forfeiture of the said Charles Radclisse, but by the interference of parliament, in tonftquence of the abovementioned doubts and difficulties which the said act of the twenty fiecond of his late Majesty recites to have exijled, concerning the alienage of the said James Bar. tholomew, late tarl of Newburgh, and the necessity of a claim being put in to the efiates, on behalf of the unborn children of the fed Charles Radclisse: and whereas, in case the said James bartbo lomew, late earl of Newburgh, bad been born in England, and a claim bad been entered in due time on behalf of the children unborn of the aforesaid Charles Radclisse, the said efiates comprised in the said settlement of the twenty-fourth day of June in the year one thousand seven hundred and twelve, would undoubtedly have defended from the said James Bartholomew, late earl of N ewburgh, to the said Anthony James, earl of Newburgh hk onlj fen, in tail male: and whereas the said estates so comprised in the said lost mentioned sit lime nt, at the time when the rents and profits thereof were first applied to and for the benefit of the said royal hospital at Greenwich, yielded the yearly sum of Jour thousand five hundred pounds, or thereabouts, and the same, by judicious management, and the expenditure of large Jams of money thereupon in lasting improvements, now yield the yearly sum of fifteen thousand pounds, or thereabouts, and it is not feund advistable to divest the said estates out of the corporation of the said royal hospital at Greenwich: and whereas, by the deduction of the interest of the aforesaid jams of twenty-eight thousand nine hundred pounds, and thirty thousand pounds, making together the sum of fifty eight thousand nine hundred pounds, herein before mentioned to have been paid by the commissioners or governors of the said hospital, at the rate of four pounds for every one hundred pounds thereof by the year, the clear yearly profit of the said lost mentioned ejl ales, at the time the rents and profits thereof were sir ft applied to and for the benefit of the said royal hospital as aforesaid, would be reduced nearly to one half of the aforesaid funi of four thousand five hundred pounds: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted \ and be it enacted by the king's moult excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, vou he That one clear annual sum or yearly relit charge of two thou the /futc8pn knc* ^ve hundred pounds, of lawful money of Great Britain, comprised in shall (during the life of the said Anthony James, earl of New. ttlement burgh, and so long as there shall be heirs male of his body) be of si yearly issuing and going out of and charged and chargeable upon, all that the barony, manor, or lordship of Langley, with X C the

559

1788.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 64.

le rights, members, and appurtenances thereof, in the said >umy of northi(mberland % and all other the said manors or >rctship&, advowson, messuages, lands, tenements, and here itaments, and all other the bid premises, with their several id respective royalties, rights, members, and appurtenances, mate, fying, and being, in the said several counties of Northum* rumd and Cumberland, and the county palatine of Durham

in the said settlement of the twenty-fourth day f Juete in the year one thousand seven hundred and twelve, as ore said; and that the same shall, from time to time, be pay to be paid ble and paid quarterly unto the said Anthony James earl of New quarterly to urgby and the heirs male of his body to be begotten, which j^wbureh tid dear annual sum or yearly relit charge of two thousand five and his heirs, undred pounds shall commence and take effect from the wenty fifth day of March which was in the year of our Lord fomajth northeast thousand seven hundred and eighty seven, and shall be March aid and payable at the four most usual feasts or days of pay lentin the year, (that is to say); on the feast of the annun iation of the blessed virgin Mary the nativity of Saint John he baptist, the feast of Saint Michael the archangel, and the salt of the birth of our Lord Christ, in every year, without any leduction or abatement whatsoever to be made thereout, for rin respect of any taxes, charges, rates, impositions, or af effmenrs whatsoever, either already taxed, charged, rated, im 3ofed, or assessed, or hereafter to be taxed charged, rated, mposed, or assessed, by authority of parliament, or other wise tiowsoever, upon the said barony, manors, or lord ships, or eputed manors or lordships, capital and other messuages, adowfon, lands, tenements, hereditaments, and premises, charge sd and made chargeable as aforesaid, or any of them, or on the said annual sum or yearly relit charge of two thousand five hundred pounds, or any part thereof, or on the said Anthony.

James earl of Newburgh, or the heirs male of his body to be begotten, or any other person or persons who may become authorised or entitled to receive the same, or any part or parts thereof, in respect of the said annual sum or yearly relit charge; the first payment whereof commencing from the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and eighty seven as aforesaid, and amounting to the clear sum of three thousand one hundred and twenty-five pounds, for one year and a quarter, due on the twenty-fourth of June one thousand seven hundred and eighty eight, shall be made on the said feast of the nativity of Saint John the baptist in the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty eight.

CAP. EXIV.

An act for the better paving, clean 6 ng, and lighting the town of Cambridge; for removing and preventing obstructions and annoyances: and for widening the streets, lanes, and other pallages within the said town.  gee Hen. 8. C 15.

560

commission era empower CD to raise money by rates on occupiers of houses & at is. per pound per a sin. according to poor rates

To be paid quarterly.

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 64. [1788.

XXIII. And, And, for raising money towards answering and defray tag tw*charees and expenses of obtaining and patting this act, and carryis; the tame into execution; be it further enacted, That the said coche ftoners, or any five or more of them, (halt, and are hereby aotfcorifei and required, once in every year, to afccrtaii* the sum or (ami to fat paid by rate or afivffinents on the several inhabitants of the town d Cambridge, and to levy such sum or sums by a rate not exceeding one shilling in the pound for each year, upon the several tenants or oew piers of all houses, building, gardens, tenements, and herrdhmas, within the said town, according to the annual value of the same rtipec* tively; such annual value to be from time to time settled according to the respective rents such houses, buildings, gardens, tenements, and hereditaments, shall be respectively rated at, for the relief of the poor of the several psrifhet of the said town, m which such hoqfes, biddings, gardens, tenements, and hereditaments, shall respectrvdy ted or be, previous to the making of such rate or assessineot by the commi/honera; and the first year for which such rate or assessment staff be made, shall commence at, and be computed from, the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and eighty eight; and the moneys so to be rated and assessed shall, from time to time, be paid fa? equal quarterly payments to the collector or collectors, to be appointed as aforesaid, and be paid over by such collcdor or collectors into hands of the treasurer to the said of; and In order to wake such rates or assessment, the churchwardens and overseers of the poor of the said town.of Cambridge shall, and are hereby required, at all fra tollable times, to permit the treasurer, clerk, or collector to the hid of, or any other person to be appointed by the said commissioners, or any five nr more of them, to penife, inspedk, and take copies of the rates or assessments made at any time within seven yean next preceding, for the relief of the said poor, and to take a copy thereof $ and if any such churchwardens and overseers of the poor shall ir fuceorncalcft to permit any such perusal or inspection, or the taking of any such copy, he or they (half for every such refusal or neglect forfeit and pay the sum of forty Shillings, to be recovered before any oae of his majesty's justices of the peace for the said town of Cambridge, in like manner as other penalties are hereby directed to be recovered: provided also, That nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be cot (trued to extend, to subject the chancellor matters and fcfaolars of the university a fore said, to pay any rates or assessments for, or inconfiden'tien of, the botanick garden in the said university.

Rates on houses let to diverse tenants, to be paid by the tenant afleffad. Rates to be born between landlords and tenants, one third by the land lord and two thirds by tenant. Ifo tithes, farm, or land, to be nttd. commissionerb may raise money by tolls, viz

For every ttage coach, diligence, or other such public carriage, carrying passengers or parcels for hire, the sum of one shilling:

For every wagon, wain, cart, or other such carriage, laden with goods, warn, or other merchandise, the sum of twopence:

For every norse, or other beast of burden, laden with any goodi, wares, or other merchandise, the sum of one halfpenny:

For every score of kine or oxen, swine and (keep, driven into or through the said town or any part thereof, the sum of twopence:

For every horse, mare, gelding, colt, silly, or mule, driven or lead kto or through the said town for sale, the sum of one penny

Tolls to be demanded, and paid in any part of the town. Inhabitaati exempt from toll, except travelling for hire. Commissioners may reduce or raise the tolls Tolls may be let to farm. Commissioners aay borrow money; and assign the rates as a security, or by annuities on lives at ip percent. The whole moneys not to exceed 6y0ool. An

nnifiea

1788.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 65  68.

lilies not liable to land tax. Nothin? in this act to extend to any col gc or ball. Penalty on breaking or damaging lamp?, by matriculated offcer persons, first offence aot. second offence 30s. third and after Porm of conviction. Colleges and corporation empowered to sell >xac. Money to be laid out in lands in trull for the college, C arporation may hereafter alter the market place. Reservation of the rih of the university to superintend and regulate the markets. pro lo Aar holding fair and market. Stallions not to be shewn within the rartfe* Houses may be numbered; and names of ffrects put up. LI illation of actions. 35 Hen. 8. C 15. repealed. Proportion of the tomes to be raised by the university and town for the first pavements, to be settled, and two fifth parts paid by university, one twelfth f remaining three fifth parts by corporation, and remainder to be orrowed on tolls and rates. University may borrow 4, 000l. Two fth*of expense of first paving to be paid by university by assessment f colleges, to be paid by burfar, and one twelfth of remaining three iffcba by corporation for first pavement, and after iol. per ann.

CAP. LXV.

kit act for removing and preventing encroachments, nbftruftioxm, annoyances, and other nuisances, within the city of Bristol, and the liberties thereof; and for licensing and better regulating hackney coaches, chairs, wagons, cam, and other cirriages, and the owner, drivers, and carriers thereof respectively, and porters, and other persons, within and for certain distances round the said city and liberties; and for better regulating the shipping and trade, and the rivers, wharves, backs, and Quays, and the markets within the same city and liberties; and for other purposes.

CAP. LXVI.

An act for regulating buildings and party walls, within the city of Bristol, and the liberties thereof.

CAP. LXVII.

An act for widening and rendering commodious a certain street, called Broad Street, within the city of Bristol; and for enlarging the council hotise and guild hall of the said city, and providing public offices thereto, and repertories for the books, papers, and records of the said city.

CAP. LXVIII.

An act for enabling the commissioners for putting in execution an act made in the sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for paving the streets and lanes within the town and borough ot Southwark, and certain parts adjacent, in the county of Surrey; and for cleansing, lighting, and watching the lame; and also the courts, yards, alleys, and passages adjoining thereto; and for preventing annoyances therein 5 to open, widen, and better regulate the several streets, lanes, and patiages within the eastdivision in the said act described.

6 Geo. 3. c. 34* ?i Geo. 3. c. 17. Commissioners. Qualification of commissioners. Their oath. Commissioners may purchase houses for widening the streets. Premises described. Persons under incapacities empowered to sell and convey lands, C In case of refusal to treat, a jury shall be summoned. 3 Geo. a. C % $. Jury may be challenged. Commissioners may summon witnesses, and examine them upon oath. Tea days notice to be given to parties interested, before any view to be had of the premises. Jury to assess damages upon oath; which damages shall be deemed the value, and of to give judgement thereof, which (frail be binding. Upon payment of the moneys agreed or awarded, lands, See. to be conveyed to the of On failure in making oat a good title, or iq executing a conveyance, the money to be paid into thg bank, Ac Verdictt, See. to be enrolled. Copies

8<wd

561

Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii II. C 68. [1788.

good evidence. Lands, CC veiled in of on payment, hi the request of the parties, purchase money ipay be placed in the foods. Persons entitled to the mesne profits to receive, the dividends In case of nonpayment or tender, the verdict, dcjp. not banding. Purchase money may be laid out in lands, c for the former uses. Conveyances by same covert enrolled to be effectual; and so all other bargains and (ales for the purposes of this act. Claims to be made in five years. Period entitled to premises sold to commissioner* may bring a&ioos of debt against those who received the purchase money. Tenants at wtfi m.d. 1cflees for a year to quit. On refusal the of to issue precept to the officer having return and execution of writs. Mortgagees required to assign mortgages on payment of principal and ioterest. Os refute!, interest to cease. In case of refusal, money to be paid into the bank. Premises to vest in of All sums paid to be chargeable on moneys raised for the purposes of this act, and to be paid or tendered to be paid before use made of the premises. Penalty on officer having the execution and return of writs, jurymen, etc. neglecting their duty. In what manner the expense of the jury is to be defrayed. af certaining the jurymen's allowances. Occupiers not compelled to fefl a part, if inclined to sell the whole. Forascertaining the raue of parts of premises, the whole of which is not taken. Commissioners may sit pole of overplus land. Tithes, surplice fees, and Easter offerings for the housesto be pulled down, to be charged on the rates under this act; at 48. per ann. each house, to the several rectors of St. ouve, SL John and St. Mary Magdalen, Bermondsey; and after their determination, on the rates under 6 Geo. 3. C a. For raising money for the pm poses of the act. New rate not to exceed 6d. in the pound on homes, etc.; nor more than 3d. on wharves. Kate on public buildings L per square yard per ann. Rates to be collected, etc. as those laid by act 6 Geo. 3. Money may be raised by annuities charged on rates. Penalty on obstructing the footways.' Goods, etc. may be seized, and detained until the penalties paid. Persont seeing any such offence committed may seize the offender. Offenders, in default of payment, to be committed. Lime not to be slaked, nor beer started tn the street 'between 8 in the morning and 7 at night. No person to collect afties but the scavenger employed by the of; upon pain of forfeiting for every offence not less than ros. nor more than nos. !b default of payment, to be committed. Footways to be swept. Certae penalties to be recovered within fourteen days. Commissioners, at their owncoft9, may remove all present bow windows Commissioners may give notice to owners of houses to alter gutters and fponts, and to take away and remove all steps, flee, and cellar flaps, and all other Incroachments. In case the owners neglect to alter after notice, the of may do it, and be reimbursed the charges thereof by the owner, flee. Expenses of removing annoyances may be levied by distress. Where houses let out, any one occupier shall be deemed the tenant. Expenses to be allowed to tenants. Commissioners may make allowances to persons injured. Poor persons to be relieved from payment. When any houses or other buildings are rebuilt or new fronted, the of may take part of thcjjround into the street on which such houses or buildings aout. All new buildings to rise perpendicularly; or they shall be pulled down, and the costs to be paid by the owner, etc. In case of refusal, action may be brought. trei surer to be appointed. Treasurer to apply money as directed by of It receiver dies, his representatives to pay over the balance to the treasurer. Executors may plead the payment thereof. Commissioners mav mitigate penalties.' Parties aggrieved may appeal to the session8, first giving twenty-one days notice, and entering into recognisance. Justices may award costs. Penalties not before provided for to be levied by distress and sale. Commissioners may apportion penalties. Distress not unlawful for want of form. No plaintiff shall recover, if tender of amends made before action brought. Orders of the of to be entered in a book. No proceedings to be quailed for want of form. Paying expends of the act. Limitation of

1788.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 6g  71.

[Public act.]

ctions. Defendants may plead the general issue. If plaintiffs non oitedi defendants shall have treble costs. Not to affect the jurisdiction of Surrey or London, '

CAP. LXIX.

filia sta for taking down the present courthouse and gaol, and erecting and fesailding a new courthouse and gaol, in and for the town and county off Inverness; and for appropriating the sum of one thousand pounds Mt of the unexhausted balauce, or surplus, anting from the forfeited cfiatei in North Britain, towards erecting and building the tame.

CAP. LXX.

An act for rebuilding the bridge over the river Rea, at the town of fiirmingham, called Dcritend Bridge, and widening the avenues thereto; and for widening and varyinjg the course of the said river jnear the said bridge, and making a weir, and other necessary works to prevent the lower part of the said town from being overflowed.

Trainees. Appointment of new trustees, Trustees may act as judices. Meetings of the trustees. Proceedings to be done by the majority of the trustees at meetings, not being left than five. Trustees may appoint officers. Officers to account. Trustees to cause the present Midge to be taken down, and a new one built. Bridge not to be erected within twenty feet of Mr. Jennens's land. Power to change the codrfc of the river, etc. Bed of the old course of the river, and of the null pond, vested in the trustees. Land to be set out for making a pond for nr Though. gooch's mill, in lieu of that vested in the said trustees. Certain houses and buildings to be taken down for widening the avenues to the bridge. Compensation to be made for the buildings to be tftfcen down, and ground to be used for the purposes of the ad. Corporations, etc. empowered to treat with the trustees for sale of houses. If they do not agree, the value to be ascertained by a jury., How the expenceaof the jury are to be pai^. Money assessed to be paid out of the toils. Purchase money for houses, etc. belonging to corporations, etc. to be laid out in purchase of other estates to be settled to though same uses. Power to ered a turnpike and collect tolls at the bridge for four years. Tolls.

For every carriage with four wheels, the sum of twopence:

For every carriage with two wheels, the sum of one penny:

For every horse, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the sum of one halfpenny:

For neat cattle, after the rate of ten pence per score; for (beep, swine, and calyes, after the rate of five' pence per score i

Toll payable but once a day. Exemptions from toll $ carriages carrying manure, cattle going to water or pasture, soldiers hordes on march or duty, or carrying baggage, etc. or going to elections. Trustees may bet the tolls for one year at a time. Power to borrow 3, ooool. If the tolls are not sufficient for payine the money borrowed and interest, the trustees may make a rate upon the inhabitants, is. per pound on houses and 6d. on lands. No house under 10l. per ann. value to be rated.

CAP. LXXI.

An act for dividing and enclosing the marib, called Malidraeth and Corfddaugau, in the county of Anglesey, and for embanking the said nuurfli; and for making cuts, channels, and other works, for draining and preserving the same; and for allowing the fret use of such cuts or channels, with boats or other vesseli*, upon the payment of certain rates, to be applied towards supporting the said embankments and works.  Marsh 3, 000 acres.

54 Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 71  78. [1788.

CAP. LXXII.

An act for making and maintaining a navigable canal, from Centre reek near the town of Flint, to Greenfield in the count of Ftiak  Tk Flint canal company incorporated.

CAP. lxxin.

An act for making and maintaining a navigable canal from the caul at Donnington Wood, in the county of Salop, to or nearplace cased Southall Bank, and from thence by two several branches to amnmt nicate with the river Severn, one near Coalbrook Dale, and the other near Madcley Wood, in the said county, and also certain collateral cuts to join such canal.  The company of proprietora of the shrop shirecaaal navigation incorporated.

CAP. LXXIV.

An act for rebuilding the parish church of Paddfogton, in the canity of Middlesex, and for enlarging the churchyard of the said parity aflwtment is. per pound on occupiers. To raise 4>50ol. by aaaoitie* for life at SI. xos. per cfent.

CAP. LXXV.

An act for paving the footways, and cleansing, lighting, and watcfciap the streets and other public pillages and places within the borough of Hertford, and removing and preventing obstructions, noi&nces, sad

annoyances therein. rates is. per pound equally between

and tenant. May raise 150l. on annuities for life at iol. percent.

CAP. LXXVI.

An act for ntifing further films of money for the better relief of the past of the city and county of the city of Exon; and to explain and &m*wd an act passed in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, u for rendering more eifeftuat several acts of parliament see erecting hospitals and workhouses within the said city and county, for the better employing and maintaining the poor there

Corporation empowered to raise 3, 500l. by assessment within it mouths after passing this act, towards discharging their present debt. See. How to be raised. Corporation to afeettatn what Turns necessary for maime nance of poor in any one year; not exceeding 5, 000*. (the annual expenditure) beyond said 3, 5001. Commissioners to be convened to gcweral court before any money levied, above annual assessment of 5, 000! and said 3, 500}. Repeal of power of borrowing with coufeot of coomnsfioa ers, given by 35 Geo. 3. c. 31.

CAP. LXXVII.

An act for rebuilding the bridge over the river Derwent, at or tear the town and borough of Derby; and for improving the avenues or approaches thereto.  'Tolls taken, and 4, tool. borrowed thereon, ua seize 3, 4001. voluntarily subscribed.

CAP. LXXVIII.

An act for enlarging the terms and powers of two acts of the twelfth and nineteenth years of his present majehy's reign, made "for building s temporary bridge, and completing a new stone bridge, over the river Tyne, between the town of Newcastle upon Tyne and Gateshead, in the county of Durham, and making the avenues to and the padaget over the tame more commodious and for removing and prevenuog nuiftnees and annoyances in the streets, lanes, or avenues leading to the said new stone bridge, within the town of Gateshead, in the county of Durham.  Tolls to be taken at the bridge.

1788.] Anno vicesimo octavo Georgii III. c. 79  83.

CAP. LXXIX.

An act to enable Sir Benjamin Hammet knight, to lay out and build a new street, from Fore Street to the church of Saint Mary Magdalen, within the town of Taunton, in the county of Somerset.

CAP. LXXX.

An act for building a bridge over the river Trent, at or near Sawlejr Ferry, in the counties of Derby and Leicester.

---

CAP. LXXXI.

An act for incorporating the governors of the free grammar school of the town and parish of Bolton in the Moors, in the county palatine of Lancaster, of the foundation of Robert Lever, late of London, gentleman, deceased; and for enlarging the trusts and powers of the said governors, for the benefit of the said school.

CAP. LXXXII.

An act for taking down and rebuilding the gaol of the castle of Chester, the prothonotary's office, the exchequer record rooms, and other offices and buildings adjoining or near to the said gaol, and for making proper yards and conveniences thereto.

CAP. LXXXIII.

An act for repairing the church of the parish of Saint Paul Covent Garden, in the county of Middlesex; for repairing and improving the gates and avenues leading to the said church; and for removing the present watchhouse, and providing another for the use of the said parish.

