THE

Statutes at Large,

Anno Quadragesimo Secundo

GEORGII III . REGIS :

BEING THE

SECOND SESSION of the FIRST PARLIAMENT

OF THE

UNITED KINGDOM

OF

GREAT BRITAIN AND IRELAND.

VOL. XLIII. PART II.

VOL. XLIII.

a

F THE

57,834

A

TABLE

OF ALL THE

STATUTES

Passed in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of his

Majesty

KING GEORGE the THIRD ;

Being the Second Session of the First Parliament of the

United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS.

Cap. 1. A

N act for continuing and granting to his Majesty

certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry,

for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred and two.

Cap . 2. An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty a

duty on pensions, offices, and personal estates, in England ,

Wales , and the town of Berwick upon Tweed ; and certain duties

on sugar, malt, tobacco, and snuff , for the service of the year

one thousand eight hundred and two.

Cap. 3. An act to revive and continue, until the twenty- fifth

day of March one thousand eight hundred and three, so much of

anact made in the forty-first year of the reign of his present

Majesty , as relates to permitting the use of falt , duty free, in

preserving of fish ; and to discontinuing the bounty payable on

whiteherrings exported; and to indemnify all persons who have

issued or acted under any orders for delivering falt , duty free, for

the purposes in the said act mentioned.

Cap. 4. An act to repeal an act, made in the forty-first year

of the reign of his present Majesty , intituled, An act to probibit

until the first day of October one thousand eight hundred and one, and

from thence to the end offix weeks next after the commencement of the

then nextfeffion of parliament, any person or persons fromfelling any

22 bread

A TABLE of the STATUTES

bread which shall not have been baked twenty- four hours ; and to

indemnify bakers and other persons who have fold or exposed to

sale any bread within the time prohibited by the said act.

Cap. 5. An act to continue, until the first of January one

thousand eight hundred and two, so much of an act made in the

thirty-ninth and fortieth years of the reign of his present Majesty as relates to the reducing the duties upon worts or wath

brewed or made from melasses or sugar, or any mixture there-

with, or to any distiller or distillers , or maker or makers of

spirits ; for reviving and continuing for the same period so much

of the said act as relates to the reducing and better collecting the

duties payable on the importation of starch ; and for continuing

for the fame period an act made in the same session of parliament

for prohibiting the making of low wines or spirits from wheat,

barley , malt, or other sort of grain, or from any meal, flour, or

bran in Scotland; and so much of an act made in the last session

of parliament as relates to allowing the distillation of spirits in

Scotland from melasses or sugar at a lower rate of duty.

Cap. 6. An act to rectify a mistake in an act made in the last

session of parliament, intituled, An actfor granting to his Majesty

a certain fum of moneyfor theservice of Great Britain , to be raised

bya lottery; and to amend to much of the said act as relates to

the commencement of the drawing of the said lottery.

Cap. 7. An act to repeal an act, made in the thirty -ninth

year of the reign of his present Majesty , intituled, An act to per-

mit , until the first day of August one thousand eight hundred and two,

the importation of certain naval stores from Hamburgh and other

ports of Germany.

Cap. 8. An act for granting annuities to satisfy certain ex-

chequer bills .

Cap. 9. An act for raising the sum of five millions by loans or

exchequer bills , for the service of the united kingdom, for the

year one thousand eight hundred and two.

Cap. 10. An act to revive and continue, until the first day of

January one thousand eight hundred and three, an act made in

the thirty- third year of the reign of his present Majesty , intitu-

led, An altfor the the relief of the captors of prizes, with respect to

the

bringing and landing of certain prize goods in this kingdom.

Cap. 11. An act to remove certain restraints upon the cor

respondence by letter between persons residing in Great Britain

and Ireland , and persons residing in certain foreign countries.

Cap. 12. An act to regulate, until the twenty -fifth day of

March one thousand eight hundred and three, the number of

private militia men in the several counties, ridings, and places,

therein mentioned; and for supplying of vacancies in the

militia.

Cap. 13. An act to continue until the first day of January one

thousand eight hundred and three, and amend an act of the

thirty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for prohi-

biting the exportation, and permitting the importation of corn ,

and for allowing the importation of other articles of provision

without

: .

ra

80

123ST 53

004

QUALITY CONTROL MARK

( Public General) 42 GEO. III .

without payment ofduty; and to continue for the fame period,

an act of the last session of parliament for prohibiting the expor-

tation from Ireland ofcorn or potatoes, or other provisions, and

for permitting the importation into Ireland of corn, fish, and

provisions, without payment of duty .

1

Cap . 14. An act to permit , until the first day of July one

thousand eight hundred and two, the making of starch from

rice or potatoes, or any mixture thereof , and the importation of

any such starch from Ireland free of duty.

Cap. 15. An act to prohibit the distillation of spirits from

wheat in Ireland.

Cap. 16. An act to continue , until the fifth day of July one

thousand eight hundred and two, an act, made in the thirty- fifth

year of the reign of his present Majesty , for preventing the im-

portation oforganized thrown silk , flax, and flax feed, into this

kingdom, in ships or vessels belonging to any kingdom or state

in amity with his Majesty.-

Cap. 17. An act for raising a further fum ofmoney by loans

or exchequer bills, for the service of Great Britain for the year

one thousand eight hundred and two.

Cap . 18. An act for continuing the premiums allowed to

ships employed in, and for enlarging the limits of the southern

whalefishery.

Cap. 19. An act to amend so much of an act made in the

twenty -ninth year of the reign of his late majesty King George

the Second, intituled , An actfor explaining, amending, andrender-

ing more effectual, an act made in the twenty- second year of his pre-

Sent Majesty's reign, intituled, ' An actfor making afree marketfor

thefale of fish in the city of Westminster, and for preventing the

forestalling andmonopolizing offish ; and for allowing thesale of fish

under the dimensions mentioned in a clause contained in an act of the

first year of his late Majesty's reign, in cafe the same are taken with

abook , as relates to the sale of eels .

Cap. 20. An act for making perpetual so much of an act,

made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the allowing a drawback of the duties on rum

thipped as stores to be consumed on board merchant ships on

their voyages ; and to continue several laws relating to the per-

mitting the exportation oftobacco pipe clay from Great Britain

to the British sugar colonies in the West Indies until the twenty-

fourth day of June one thousand eight hundred and eight; to the

giving further encouragement to the importation of naval stores

from the British colonies in America until the twenty-ninth day of

September one thousand eight hundred and twelve; to the regulating

thepayment of the duties oncinnamon, cloves, nutmegs, and mace;

to the allowing the importation of certain fish from Newfoundland

and the coast of Labrador until the twenty-fourth day of June

one thousand eight hundred and eight; and to the allowing the

importation and exportation of goods from and to India and

China , in Chips not of British built, during the continuance of the

exclusive trade to and from the East Indies, granted to the East- India

a3

7 S D.R. 2262

A TABLE of the STATUTES

amending several laws for the better collection and security of

the revenues of Ireland.

Cap. 37. An act for granting to his Majesty certain additional duties on servants, carriages, horses, mules, and dogs ;

and for consolidating the fame with the present duties thereon.

Cap. 38. An act for granting to his Majesty additional duties

on beer and ale brewed in or imported into Great Britain ; on

malt made in Great Britain ; on hops grown in or imported into

Great Britain; and on spirits distilled in Ireland and imported

into Great Britain ; for repealing certain allowances to brewers

of beer and ale; and for preventing frauds and abuses in the revenue of excise, on beer, ale, and malt.

Cap. 39. An act for extending the time for the payment of

certain sums of money advanced by way of loan to several per-

fons connected with_and trading to the islands of Grenada and

Saint Vincent.

Cap. 40. An act to continue, until the first day of March one

thousand eight hundred and three, the restrictions contained in

several acts of the thirty- seventh and thirty-eighth years of the

reign of his present Majesty, on payments in cash by the Bank.

Cap. 41. An act to enable the lords commissioners of his

Majesty's treasury of Great Britain to issue exchequer bills, on

the credit of such aids or supplies as have been or shall be

granted by parliament , for the service of Great Britain for the

year one thousand eight hundred and two.

Cap. 42. An act for repealing the duties on income ; for the

effectual collection of arrears of the said duties, and accounting

for the fame; and for charging the annuities specifically charged

thereon upon the consolidated fund of Great Britain.

Cap. 43. An act for granting to his Majesty certain duties

ongoods imported into and exported from Great Britain, and on

the tonnage ofships and vessels entering outwards or inwards in

any port of Great Britain to or from foreign parts .

Cap. 44. An act for permitting French wines to be imported

into Great Britain in bottles or flasks , under certain restrictions.

Cap. 45. An act to continue, until three months after any

restriction imposed by any act of the present session of parliament on the bank of England from issuing cash in payment shall

cease, an act made in the parliament of Ireland in the thirty-

feventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, for confirming

and continuing the restrictions on payments in cash by the bank

of Ireland.

Cap. 46. An act to require overseers and guardians of the

poor, to keep a register of the several children who shall be

bound or assigned by them as apprentices ; and to extend the

provisions of an act, passed in the twentieth year of the reign of

his present Majesty, to the binding of apprentices by houses of

industry, or establishments for the poor, which have been authorised so to do by subsequent acts .

Cap. 47. An act to continue , until the twentieth day of May

one

( Public General) 42 GEO. III .

one thousand eight hundred and three, and amend an act made

in the last session of parliament relating to certain duties on

sugar and coffee exported ; for permitting British plantation

sugar to be warehoused , and for regulating and allowing draw-

backs on sugar exported.

Cap. 48. An act to enable his Majesty to fettle an annuity of

twelve thousand pounds on his royal highness the duke of Sussex ,

and a like annuity of twelve thousand pounds on his royal

highness the duke of Cambridge, during his Majesty's pleasure.

Cap. 49. An act for defraying the charge of the pay of the mi-

litia in England , for the year one thousand eight hundred and two.

Cap. 50. An act for continuing an act, made in this session

of parliament , intituled, An attfor punishing mutiny and desertion;

and for the better payment of the army and their quarters, within the

united kingdom, and the islands of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney,

Sark, and Man.

Cap. 51. An act for continuing, until the twenty-fifth day

of Juneone thousand eight hundred and two, an act made in

this session of parliament , for the regulation of his Majesty's

marine forces while on hore.

Cap. 52. An act for further continuing, until the first day of

February one thousand eight hundred and six, an act made in

the twenty -feventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled , Anatt to enable the lord high treasurer, or commissioners of

the treasury, for the time being, to let to farm the duties granted by

an att made in the twenty- fifth year of his present Majesty's reign,

on horses let to bire for travelling post, and by time, to such persons

asshould be willing to contractfor the same.

Cap. 53. An act to indemnify persons who have omitted to

qualify themselves for offices or employments in Ireland accord-

ingtolaw .

Cap. 54. An act for granting to his Majesty a certain sum

ofmoney to be raised by lotteries .

Cap. 55. An act for making allowances in certain cases to

fubaltern officers of the militia, during peace.

Cap. 56. An act to repeal an act, passed in the twenty-fifth

year of the reign of his present Majesty, for granting stamp

duties on certain medicines, and for charging other duties in

lieu thereof ; and for making effectual provision for the better

collection of the said duties .

Cap. 57. An act to amend so much of an act made in the

parliament of Ireland , in the thirty-feventh year of the reign of

his present Majesty, intituled, An att for vesting a certainfund in

commissioners at the end of every quarter of a year, to be by them

applied to the reduction of the national debt ; and to direct the application of additional funds, in case offuture loans to the like purpose , as relates to the commissioners for carrying the fame into

execution.

Cap. 58. An act for raising a certain fum of money by way

of annuities ondebentures, for the service of Ireland. Cap.

A TABLE of the STATUTES

Cap. 59. An act for allowing, until the twentieth day of

May one thousand eight hundred and three, additional bounties

on refined sugar exported, and discontinuing the duty thereon

granted by an act of this session of parliament.

Cap. 60. An act to continue, until the thirtieth day of May

one thousand eight hundred and three , and amend an act, made

in the last session of parliament, for regulating and allowing

drawbacks on sugar exported from Ireland ; and for allowing

British plantation sugar to be warehoused in Ireland ; and for

granting an additional drawback on the exportation of refined

Jugar.

Caa. 61. An act for the further encouragement of Irish

mariners, and for other purposes relating thereto.

Cap. 62. An act for extending the provisions of an act,

made in the thirty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty , intituled, An alt for directing the appointment of commif-

fioners to administer certain oaths and declarations , required by law

to be taken and made by persons offering to vote at the election of

members to serve in parliament, to all oaths now required by law

to be taken by voters at elections for members to serve in parliament.

Cap. 63. An act to authorise the sending and receiving of

letters and packets , votes, proceedings in parliament, and

printed newspapers, by the post, free from the duty of postage,

by the members of the two houses of parliament of the united

kingdom, and by certain publick officers therein named ; and for

reducing the postage on such votes, proceedings, and newspapers

when fent by any other persons.

Cap. 64. An act to revive and further continue, until the

twenty- fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and three,

and amend so much of an act made in the thirty-ninth and

fortieth years of the reign of his present Majesty, as grants

certain allowances to adjutants and serjeant- majors of militia,

disembodied under an act of the same session of parliament.

Cap. 65. An act for making allowances, until the twenty-

fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and three, in

certain cafes , to fubaltern officers of the militia of Ireland ,

duringpeace.

Cap. 66. An act to enable his Majesty to avail himself of the

offers of certain yeomanry and volunteer corps to continue their

services.

Cap. 67. An act to extend the provisions of an act, made in

the thirteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty , intituled,

An act for repealing so much of an act , made in the twenty-third

year of bis late majesty King George the Second , as relates to the

preventing theflealing or destroying of turnips, and for the more

effectually preventing the stealing or destroying of turnips, potatoes,

cabbages, parsnips, pease, and carrots, to certain other field crops,

and to orchards ; and for amending the said act.

Cap. 68. An act to enable his Majesty to accept and continue

( Public General) 42 GEO. III .

tinue the services of certain troops or companies of yeomanry in

Ireland .

Cap. 69. An act to enable such officers, mariners, and soldiers

ashave been in the land or fea service, or in the marines, or in

the militia , or any corps of fencible men, since the twenty- fourth

year of his present Majesty's reign, to exercise trades.

Cap. 70. An act for directing certain public accounts to be

laid annually before parliament, and for discontinuing certain

other forms of account now in use.

Cap. 71. An act to amend and render more effectual two

acts, passed in the twenty -sixth and thirty-second years of the

reign of his present Majesty , for the reduction of the national

debt .

Cap. 72. An act for repealing an act , made in the thirty-

eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act

for raising a body of miners in the counties of Cornwall and Devon,

for the defence of the kingdom during the present war ; and for the

more effectually raising and regulating a body of miners for the

defence of Great Britain.

Cap. 73. An act for the preservation of the health and morals

of apprentices and others, employed in cotton and other mills,

and cotton and other factories .

Cap. 74. An act to amend an act , made in the twenty- second

year of the reign of his present Majesty , for the better relief and

employment of the poor, so far as relates to the payment of

the debts incurred for building any poor house.

Cap. 75. An act to amend the laws for the better regulation

of the linen manufacture in Ireland.

Cap. 76. An act for repealing two acts, made in the thirty-

second and thirty-sixth years of the reign of his present Majesty , for the more effectual administration of the office of a

justice of the peace, in such parts of the counties of Middlesex

and Surrey, as lie in and near the metropolis, and for the more

effectual prevention of felonies ; and for making other provisions

in lieu thereof; and for increasing the salaries of the justices at

the Thames police office; until the first day of June one thousand

eight hundred and seven, and from thence to the end of the then

next session of parliament..

Cap. 77. An act to permit British-built ships to carry on

the fisheries in the Pacific Ocean, without licence from the East-

India company, or the South- Sea company.

Cap. 78. An act to authorise the licensing an additional num-

ber ofhackney coaches.

Cap. 79. An act to revive and continue , until the fifth day of

April one thousand eight hundred and four, and to amend

several acts, passed in the twenty-seventh, thirty - fifth , and thirty-

ninth years of his present Majesty's reign, for the more ef-

fectual encouragement of the British fisheries ; and to continue,

until the fourteenth day of June one thousand eight hundred

and three , and from thence to the end of the then next session of

parliament , so much of an act of the sixth year of the reign of

his

1

A TABLE of the STATUTES

his present Majesty, as relates to the prohibiting the importation

of foreign wrought filks and velvets.

Cap. 80. An act for repealing several acts made in the thirty-

fifth, thirty- sixth, and thirty -ninth and fortieth years of the reign

of his present Majesty, relating to the admission of certain

articles of merchandize in neutral ships, and to the issuing of

orders in council for that purpose, and for making other provisions in lieu thereof , to continue until the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and four.

Cap. 81. An act for amending so much of an act, passed in

the feventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, as relates

to the secreting, embezzling, or destroying, any letter or packet

fent by the post ; and for the better protection of such letters

and packets ; and for more effectually preventing letters and

packets being sent otherwise than by the post.

Cap. 82. An act to alter, amend, and render more effectual

an act, made in the twenty- fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for the more effectual prevention of smuggling in

Great Britain .

Cap. 83. An act to continue, until the twenty-ninth day of

September one thousand eight hundred and three , an act, made in

the parliament of Ireland in the thirty-seventh year of the reign

of his present Majesty, for regulating the import , export, and

sale of coffee, and securing the duties payable thereon ; and also

for securing the duties payable on licences to persons in Ireland , not being maltsters or makers of malt , felling malt by

commission or otherwise.

Cap. 84. An act for the further regulation of trials of controverted elections, or returns of members to serve in parliament ;

and for expediting the proceedings relating thereto.

Cap. 85. An act for the trying and punishing in Great Britain persons holding publick employments, for offences committed abroad ; and for extending the provisions of an act ,

passed in the twenty- first year of the reign of King James, made

for the ease of justices and others in pleading in suits brought

against them, to all persons, either in or out of this kingdom,

authorised to commit to safe custody.

Cap. 86. An act to continue until the eighth day of April

onethoufand eight hundred and three, an act, passed in the last

session of parliament for staying proceedings in actions under the

Ratute of King Henry the Eighth, ' for abridging spiritual persons

fromhaving pluralities of livings, and of taking offerms;' and also

to stay proceedings in actions under an act of the thirteenth

year of Queen Elizabeth, touching leases of benefices, and other

ecclesiastical livings, with cure.

Cap. 87. An act to enable the lord high treasurer, or commissioners of his Majesty's treasury of Ireland for the time being,

to fell, lease , convey, or dispose of the parliament house in the

city of Dublin, and all the premises and appurtenances there-

unto belonging , to the governor and company of the bank of

Ireland .

Cap .

(Public General) 42 GEO. III.

Cap . 88. An act for punishing mutiny and desertion ; and for

the better payment of the army and their quarters .

Cap. 89. An act for vesting certain lands and hereditaments

in trustees, for promoting the service of his Majesty's ordnance

at Woolwich.

Cap. 90. An act for amending the laws relating to the militia

in England, and for augmenting the militia.

Cap. 97. An act to raise and establish a militia force in

Scotland.

Cap. 92. An act for repealing several acts for establishing

regulations respecting aliens arriving in this kingdom, or refi-

dent therein, in certain cafes ; and for subaituting other provisions in lieu thereof .

Cap. 93. An act for exempting from the auction duty estates

and effects bought in for the owner, and goods imported in any

British ship from any British colony in America, or from any

part of the united states ; for better collecting and securing the

duties of excise onwine ,home-made spirits, starch, auctioneers,

rum shipped as stores, and on goods or merchandize chargeable

with duties of excise; for granting a further allowance of falt

in the curing and preserving of pilchards and scads ; and for

allowing certain draining tiles to be made free ofduty.

Cap. 94. An act for repealing certain duties on paper, paste-

boards , millboards, scaleboards, and glazed paper, imported into

or made in Great Britain; and for granting other duties in lieu

thereof .

Cap. 95. An act for repealing the duties, granted by an act

madein this session of parliament , on spermaceti oil , blubber,

train oil , fish oil, or oil of seals, and granting other duties in

lieu thereof ; for repealing the duties, granted by the said act, on

linen yarn made of flax, and on goods, wares, or merchandize

imported by the East- India company, and exported from the

warehouse in which the same shall have been secured; for ex-

empting stone , the produce of Guernsey, Ferfey, Alderney, Sark,

or Man, from duty; and for permitting merchandize, the pro-

duce of any of the colonies ceded to the French and Batavian

republicks, to be imported for three years from the passing of

this act, upon payment of certain duties.

Cap. 96. An act to authorise the commissioners of excise to

order the restoration of exciseable goods seized or detained by

officers ofexcife.-

Cap. 97. An act to authorise the lord high treasurer or commif-

fioners of the treasury in Great Britain, and the lord high trea-

furer or commissioners of the treasury in Ireland , to order the

use of the hydrometers now employed in the management of the

revenues, to be discontinued, and other instruments to be used

instead thereof.

Cap. 98. An act to continue , until the fifth day of July one

thousand eight hundred and three, two acts , made in the thirty-

eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, and in the last

session of parliament , for the further encouragement of the trade

A TABLE of the STATUTES

trade and manufactures of the Isle ofMan ; and for improving

the revenue thereof .

Cap. 99. An act for allowing the stamping certain deeds

until the thirty - first day of December one thousand eight hundred

and two; for amending an act, passed in the thirty- sixth year of

the reign of his present Majesty , relating to duties on legacies

and shares of personal estates ; for exempting certain legacies

from the payment of duty ; for reducing the allowances

on

present payment of stamp duties ; and for reducing certain stamp

duties on policies for fea insurances.

Cap. 100. An act for enlarging the time for which horses

maybe let to hire without being subject to any annual duty;

for explaining and amending several acts relating to the duties

on horses , servants, and carriages ; and for authorising the allowance in the accounts of the receivers general of the several

sums advanced by them, in pursuance of the acts for raising a

provisional force of cavalry, and not re - imbursed to them by

affefsment.

Cap. 101. An act for repealing the rates and duties of post-

age upon letters to and from France and the Batavian republick

from and to London, and for granting other rates and duties in

lieu thereof ; and for exempting from the duty of tonnage the

ships and vessels to be employed in conveying the mails of let-

ters from France to the united kingdom of Great Britain and

Ireland.

Cap. 102. An act for enabling his Majesty to permit the

importation and exportation of certain goods and commodities

into and from the port of Road Harbour in the island of Tortola,

until the first day of July one thousand eight hundred and

three, and from thence until six weeks after the commencement

of the then next session of parliament.

Cap. 103. An act to repeal the additional duty of six pounds

per centum on the duties payable on the importation into Ireland of certain goods imported by retailers or consumers ; and

for repealing and reducing certain duties on policies of insurance

and sea insurances in Ireland.

Cap. 104. An act to require persons licensed to keep lottery

offices in Ireland, to divide into shares a certain number of

whole lottery tickets ; and for empowering the lords commif-

fioners of his Majesty's treasury of Great Britain to remit to the

exchequer of Ireland acertain fum of money out of the contri-

butions for lotteries .

Cap. 105. An act for providing a proper salary for the office

of the chancellor or keeper of the great seal of Ireland.

Cap. 106. An act for regulating the trial of controverted

elections or returns of members to serve in the united parliament

for Ireland.

Cap. 107. An act more effectually to prevent the stealing of

deer.

Cap. 108. An act for encreasing the rates of subsistence to

be paid to innkeepers and others on quartering soldiers . Cap.

(Public General) 42 GEO. III .

Cap . 109. An act for authorising and rendering valid the

discharge of certain militia men in Ireland; and for giving in-

demnity to the several counties and places in Ireland which

may incur any expence in consequence of the discharge of certain militia men,

Cap. 110. An act for raising the sum of five millions by

loans of exchequer bills, for the service of Great Britain, for

the year one thousand eight hundred and three.

Cap. III . An act for raising the sum of one million five

hundred thousand pounds, by loans or exchequer bills, for the

service of Great Britain for the year one thousand eight hundred

and three.

Cap . 112. An act for granting to his Majesty the sum of

two hundred thousand pounds, to be issued and paid to the

governor and company of the bank of England , to be by them

placed to the account of the commissioners for the reduction of

the national debt of Great Britain.

Cap. 113. An act for settling and securing acertain annuity

on lord Hutchinson baron Hutchinson of Alexandria, and of

Knocklofty in the county of Tipperary, and the two next persons

to whom the title ofbaron Hutchinson shall descend, in confide-

ration of his eminent services .

Cap. 114. An act for extending the provisions of two acts

of the thirty -fifth and thirty-eighth years of his present Majesty , so far as they relate to the encouragement of persons

comingto Milford Haven for the purpose of carrying on the

southern whale fishery.

Cap. 115. An act for the regulation of his Majesty's royal

marine forces while on shore.

Cap. 116. An act for consolidating the provisions of the

several acts passed for the redemption and sale of the land tax,

into one act, and for making further provisions for the redemp-

tion and sale thereof ; and for removing doubts respecting the

right of persons claiming to vote at elections for knights of the

shire and other members to serve in parliament, in respect of

messuages, lands, or tenements, the land tax upon which shall

have been redeemed or purchased.

Cap. 117. An act for granting to his Majesty certain ad-

ditional duties on goods imported into and exported from

Ireland.

Cap. 118. An act for defraying the charge of the militia of

Ireland , until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight

hundred and three; and for holding courts-martial on serjeant-

majors, serjeants , corporals, and drummers, for offences commit-

tedduring the time such militia shall not be embodied.

Cap. 119. An act to suppress certain games and lotteries not

authorised by law.

Cap. 120. An act for granting to his Majesty certain sums

of money out of the respective consolidated funds of Great Britain and Ireland; for applying certain monies therein mentioned for

A TABLE of the STATUTES

for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred and two ;

and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session

of parliament .

PUBLIC LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS.

I.

FOR continuing the term and enlarging the powers of

two acts, passed in the thirty -second year of the reign of

his late majesty King George the Second, and the nineteenth

year of his present Majesty , for repairing, widening, and rendering fafe and commodious, several roads leading from the

town of South Molton in the county ofDevon.

2. For continuing the term , and altering and enlarging the

powers of two acts, passed in the thirtieth year of the reign of

his late majesty King George the Second, and the twenty-second

year of the reign of his present Majesty, for amending, widen-

ing, and keeping in repair several roads in and near to the town

of Tenbury, in the counties of Salop, Worcester, and Hereford ,

and also the roads leading from the Knowle Gate to the turnpike

road on the Clee Hill, leading from Ludlow to Cleobury Mortimer,

and from Kyre Mill to the turnpike road leading from Brom-

yard to Tenbury, in the said counties .

3. For continuing the term and powers of an act made in the

twentieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled,

An act for amending the roadfrom the west end of Seend Street to

the Horse and Jockey, in the parish ofBox in the county of Wilts,

and certain other roads leading out of the said road, and for making

an additional road from the said road in the chapelry of Seend, to

communicate with the Devizes turnpike road , at or near Somerham

Brook, in the said chapelry, all in the said county.

4. For continuing the term and altering and enlarging the

powers of two acts ; the one passed in the thirteenth year of the

1

reign of his present Majesty , for more effectually amending

several roads leading from and near the borough of Truro in the

county of Cornwall , and for building and keeping in repair a

bridge over the river at a place called the Steppings, in or near

the said borough , and the other, passed in the twenty- second

year of the reign of his present Majesty, for extending the provisions of the said former act to the several other roads therein

described.

5. For repairing, altering, widening, and improving the road

leading from the city of Canterbury to the town of Ramsgate, in

the isle of Thanet, in the county of Kent; and for suspending

and varying, for a limited time, so much ofan act, passed in the

twenty-feventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, as relates

(Public Local & Personal ) 42 GEO. III .

relates to the toll gate , and to the tolls now payable by virtue

of the said act , on the road leading from the said city of Canter-

fary to the isle ofThanet.

6. For repairing, altering, widening, and improving the road

leading from the city of Canterbury to the town and port of

Sandwich , in the county ofKent.

7. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the

powers of two acts, passed in the thirty-third year of the reign

of his late majesty King George the Second, and the twenty- first

year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and

widening the road leading from the turnpike road near the

west end of the town of Chesterfield to Matlock Bridge, and also

the road leading out of the said road over Darley Bridge to Cross

Green , and also the road leading out of the said last-mentioned

road to the turnpike road near Rowesley Bridge ; all in the county

of Derby.

8. For repairing , widening, improving, and keeping in repair,

the road leading from the shire hall in the town and port of

Woodbridge , to the Broad Street in the town and borough of

Eye , in the county of Suffolk.

9. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the

powers of an act, passed in the seventeenth year of the reign of

his present Majesty, intituled , An alt for repealing an act , made

in the twenty - seventh year of his late majesty King George the

Second , for amending , widening, and keeping in repair, the road

leading from Union Point, near the town of Uckfield in the county

ofSuflex , to Langney Bridge , in the parish of Westham in the

Jaidcounty , and for more effectually repairing the said road; end also

for amending , widening , and keeping in repair the road from the fide

gate on the horse bridge turnpike road , in the parish ofHellingly, to

the turnpike road leading from Cross-in -Hand to Burwash in the

faidcounty.

10. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the

powers of two acts, passed in the first and twenty- first years of

the reign of his present Majesty, for amending and widening

the road leading from the town of Falmouth in the county of

Cornwall , through the towns of Penryn, Helstone, and Marazion,

and from thence to and over Marazion river and bridge, and

two hundred feet to the westward of the said river and bridge.

11. For dividing, allotting, and inclosing the commons and

wastes, within the manor and parish of Barkeswell in the county

of Warwick.

12. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the

powers of an act, passed in the twenty -first year of the reign of

his present Majesty, for repairing and widening the road from

Wilmslow Bridge in Wilmslow, in the county of Chester , through

Nether Alderly and the town ofCongleton, to or near the Red

Bullin Church Lawton, in the said county.

13. To enlarge the powers and explain and amend an act, made

in the twenty - second year of the reign of his late majesty King

George the Second, intituled , An act for the better repairing the highways ,

b

i

A TABLE of the STATUTES

highways, and cleansing the streets, within the parish of Saint

Leonard, Shoreditch, in the county of Middlesex ; and for better

enlightening the open places, streets, lanes, passages, and courts there ,

andregulating the nightly watch and bedels within the said parish ;

and for paving, repairing, and regulating certain footways,

squares , streets , lanes, and other publick passages and places in

the said parish ; and for removing nuisances, obstructions , and

annoyances therein.

14. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the

powers of so much of two acts, passed in the twenty-eighth

year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Second ,

and the twentieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for

repairing and widening the several roads therein mentioned,

as relates to the road leading from the Cross of Hand near

Finford Bridge, in the county of Warwick, through the town of

Southam in the same county , to the borough of Banbury in the

county of Oxford.

15. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the

powers of two acts, passed in the twenty-eighth year of the reign

of his late majesty King George the Second, and in the twenty-

first year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the

several roads therein mentioned, so far as the same relate to the

road from Leeds to Otley, in the west riding of the county

of York.

16. To continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers

ofseveral acts , passed in the eleventh, twenty- sixth, and twenty-

ninth years of the reign of his late majesty King George the

Second, and in the twenty-second year of the reign of his present

Majesty, for repairing the road from Shoreditch church through

Hackney to Stamford Hill , and cross Cambridge Heath over Beth-

nal Green to the turnpike at Mile End , in the county of Mid-

dlesex. 17. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the

powers of two acts, passed in the second and seventeenth years

of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widen-

ing several roads in the counties of Cornwall and Devon, leading

to the borough of Saltash in the county of Cornwall.

18. For building a new gaol for the county of Galway, and

for purchasing lands sufficient for the fame, and for other purposes relating thereto.

19. For draining and improving certain fen lands and low

grounds, within the several parishes of Downham Market, Wim-

botsham , Stow Bardolph, and Denver, in the county of Norfolk.

20. For repealing fo much of an act, passed in the thirty-

third year of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for making

and maintaining anavigable canalfrom the river Severn at Shrewf-

bury, in the county of Salop, to the river Mersey, at or near

Netherpool , in the county of Chester, and also for making and

maintaining certain collateral cuts from the said intended canal , as

restrains the company ofproprietors of the said canal from taking

tonnage on coals, coak , culm, lime, or limestone, upon a part of the

(Public Local & Personal ) 42 GEO. III .

the said canal; and for authorising the said company of pro-

prietors to raise a fum of money to make up the amount of

their original subscription ; and for further amending the several

acts passed , relative to the making of the said canal.

21. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the

powers of two acts, passed in the thirty -second year of the reign

of his late majesty King George the Second, and in the eight-

teenth year of the reign of his present majesty King George the

third , for repairing and widening the road leading from the

east side of Barnsley Common , in the county of York, to the mid-

dle of GrangeMoor, and from thence to White Cross, and also

the road from the guide post in Barugh, to a rivulet called

Barugh Brook, and from thence for two hundred yards over and

beyond the fame rivulet or brook, into the township of Caw-

thorne , in the said county.

22. For dividing, allotting, inclosing , draining, and preserv-

ing the open fields, marsh lands , fens, commons, and waste

grounds , within the parish of Runham, in the county of Norfolk.

23. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the

powers of two acts, one passed in the twenty-eighth year of the

reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and the other

in the sixteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for

widening and repairing the road leading from Horsham, in the

county of Sussex , through Capell , Dorking, Mickleham, and Lea-

therhead , to the watch-house in Ebbisham , in the county of Sur-

rey; and from Capell to Stone Street , in the parish of Ockley,

in the said county of Surrey.

24. For amending and rendering more effectual so much of

an act , passed in the thirteenth year of the reign of his present

Majesty , intituled, An att for draining and preserving certainfen

lands and low grounds lying in the South Level, part of the great

level of the fens commonly called Bedford Level, between certain old

rivers or drains called Stoke River, and Brandon River, and a

certain level or district called Feltwell New District, and The

Hard Lands of Woodhall- in-Helgay, and Helgay, in the counties

of Norfolk and Suffolk, as relates to the fen and low grounds

lying within the second district or division described in the

said act.

25. To enable the company of proprietors of the navigation

from the Trent to the Mersey, to make railways, to alter the

course of the railway from Froghall to Caldon, and part of the

course of the canal from Froghall to Uttoxeter ; and to amend the

Trent and Mersey canal acts.

26. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the

powers of two acts, passed in the twenty- eighth year of the

reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the

twenty-first year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repair-

ing several roads therein described , so far as the same relate to

the roads from Otley to Skipton , in the county of York, and from

Skipton aforesaid to Colne , in the county palatine of Lancaster ;

b2 and

1

!

i

A TABLE of the STATUTES

and for altering the course or direction of certain parts of the

said road from Otley to Skipton aforesaid.

27. For enlarging the term and powers granted by several

acts for laying a duty of two pennies Scots upon every pint of

ale and beer brewed and vended within the town of Dundee, and

the liberties and suburbs thereof .

28. To amend and render more effectual an act, made in the

seventeenth year of his present Majesty's reign, for the better

relief and employment of the poor of the parish of St. Mary

Islington , in the county of Middlesex .

29. For dividing, allotting , inclosing, and improving certain

open meadows, commonable lands, and waste grounds, within

or belonging to the manor or parish of Alrewas, in the county

ofStafford .

30. For dividing, allotting, and inclosing a tract of common

and waste lands, called Rhoshirwaun, situate in the several parithes

ofAberdaron, Llanfaelrhys, and Bryncroes, in the county of Caer-

narvon.

31. For dividing, allotting , and inclosing, the several open

fields, stinted pasture, and common, within the parith of Rich-

mond , in the north riding of the county ofYork.

32. For dividing , allotting, and inclosing the open and common fields, meadows, pastures, and other commonable lands

and waste grounds, in the parish of Kempsion , in the county of

Bedford .

33. For continuing and enlarging the term and powers of

two several acts, of the thirty-second year of the reign of his

late Majesty, and of the twentieth year of his present Majesty,

charging a duty of two pennies Scots, or one sixth part of a

penny sterling , upon every Scots pint of ale, porter, and beer,

brewed for sale, brought into, tapped, or fold, within the town

and parish of Kelso , in the county of Roxburgh, for the purposes

therein mentioned.

34. For inclosing and improving Mountjoy Square in the parish

of Saint George , in the county ofDublin.

35. For enabling the company of proprietors of the Somerset-

shire coal canal navigation, to vary and alter the lines of the

said canal ; to raise money for completing the said canal and

works; and to alter and amend the powers and provisions of

the several acts pafsed for making the said canal.

36. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the

powers of two several acts, passed in the twenty- seventh year of

the reign of his late majesty King George the Second, and in

the twenty- first year of the reign of his present Majesty , for

repairing and widening the high road from Westwood Gate in the

parish ofKnotting , in the county of Bedford , through the towns

of Rushden and Higham Ferrers, and over Artleborough Bridge,

to the turnpike read in Barton Seagrque Lane in the parish of

Barton Seagrave , in the county of Northampton.

37. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the

powers

( Public Local & Personal ) 42 GEO. III.

powers ofthree several acts passed in the twenty -seventh year of

thereign of his late majesty king George the Second, and in the

thirteenth and twenty- first years of the reign of his present

Majesty, for repairing andwidening the road leading from the

toll gate in the parith ofKettering , through the town ofWelling-

borough , in the county ofNorthampton, and through Olney, over

Sherrington Bridge , to Newport Pagnell , in the county ofBucks ;

and for repairing and widening or rebuilding the said Sherring-

tonBridge.

38. For amending, widening , turning, altering , improving,

and keeping in repair , the road leading from the turnpike road

in the horse fair, in the town ofBanbury in the county of Oxford ,

through Swalcliffe in the said county of Oxford , and through

Brailes in the county of Warwick , to the bridge croffing the

river Stour, in the parish of Barcheston in the said county of

Warwick.

39. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the

powers of an act, passed in the twenty- second year of the reign

of his present Majesty, intituled, An alt for amending, widening ,

and keeping in repair , the road from Wrexham, in the county of

Denbigh, to Barnhill in the county of Chester; and for making,

amending, and keeping in repair , the road branching out of the

said road at aplace called Pwll- y-rhwyd, in the said county of

Denbigh , to the borough of Holt, in the same county.

40. For making and maintaining a new road, to extend from

or near to a place called Beattock , in the parish of Kirkpatrick

Juxta , in the county of Dumfries, by the boroughs of Lochmaben

and Annan, to the river of Sark, at or near to the present bridge

there .

41. For vesting several messuages and hereditaments in Shef

field in the county ofYork, and divers detached parts of the fettled

estates of the most noble Charles duke of Norfolk , in trustees,

upon trust to sell; and for laying out the monies, in the purchase

ofmore convenient estates, and otherwise.

42. For dividing, allotting , inclosing, and appropriating the

commons, waste grounds, and mosses, within the manor of

township ofEgton with Newland in the parish of Ulverston, in the

countypalatine of Lancaster.

43. For improving the Tinmouth castle light -house and light ;

and for authorising additional light duties in respect of such

improvement .

44. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the

powers of two several acts, passed in the twenty- sixth year of the

reign of his late majesty King George the Second , and in the

nineteenth year of the reign of his present majesty, for repairing

the road from Afbby- de - la- Zouch, in the county of Leicester ,

-through Burton-upon-Trent, in the county of Stafford , and to the

Cock Inn inTutbury, in the said county.

45. For making and maintaining a turnpike road from aplace

called The Crown Hill , in the town of Newent, in the county of

Gloucester , to join the turnpike road leading from the city of Hereford ,

b3

J

A TABLE of the STATUTES

Hereford , towards Newnham, in the county of Gloucester ; and

also another road leading from the bottom of Kilcott Hill , in the

parish of Newent aforesaid, towards the town and forest of Deane ,

in the county of Gloucester, with a branch from the same towards

Ledbury , in the county ofHereford.

46. For authorising the trustees of the will of the honourable

Richard Walpole to fell certain parts of his copyhold estates, in

the county of Norfolk, for the payment of his debts .

47. For building and maintaining a house of correction in

and for the city and county of Aberdeen, and for raising a fund

for defraying the charges of apprehending, prosecuting, and tub-

fifting criminals, rogues , and vagabonds, found within the said

city and liberties thereof .

48. For opening several new streets in the town ofKilmarnock

and county ofAyr; for altering and widening some of the streets,

lanes, and passages within the said town; for building two new

bridges over the water of Kilmarnock ; for removing the present

slaughter-houses in the said town, and building new ones, and a

town-hall, and guard- house; for enlarging and repairing the

gaol or tolbooth; for enlarging the burial ground of the said town;

for paving the said town and places adjoining thereto , and re-

moving nuisances and annoyances therein; and for extending

the jurisdiction of the magistrates of the said town over certain

adjacent lands.

49. To authorise the advancement of further sums ofmoney

out of the consolidated fund, for completing the canal, and other

works, which by an act, passed in the thirty-ninth year of his

present Majesty's reign, intituled , An actfor rendering more com-

modious, and for better regulating the port of London, were di-

rected to be made anddone by the mayor, aldermen, and commons of the city of London, in common council assembled.

50. To repeal an act, passed in the twelfth year of the reign

of his present majesty King George the Third, intituled , An act

fordraining the low grounds and carrs lying in the several parishes,

townships, and places, of Keyingham, Keyingham Marsh, Ryhill

and Camerton, Burstwick and Skeckling, Burton Pidsea, and

Ridgmont, Ottringham, Halsham, Owftwick , Roofs, Rimswell ,

Tunstall , Waxholme, Elsternwick, Lelley, Humbleton, Fitling,

Hilfton, Garton, Albrough, Flinton, and Tansterne, within the

feigniory ofHolderness , and east riding of the county of York ; and

to render more effectual the drainage of all and singular the lands

and grounds within the said several parishes, townships, and

places, and within all other townships, hamlets, and places,

within or parcel or member of the several parishes mentioned,

or any of them , respectively.

51. For amending, widening, improving, and keeping in re-

pair , the road leading from, or nearly from, Portbaethwy Ferry,

otherwise called Bangor Ferry, in the county of Caernarvon, to or

near to Pentre Voelas, in the parish of Llanûfydd , in the county of

Denbigh.

52. For altering, amending, and enlarging, the powers offo much

( Public Local & Personal ) 42 GEO. III.

much of an act , passed in the forty-first year of the reign of his

present Majesty, for repairing the roads from the town ofStock

bridge , in the county of Southampton, to the city ofWinchester,

and from the said city through Bellmour Lane, to the top of Ste-

phens Castle Down, near the town of Bishop's Waltham, in the said

county , and from the said city of Winchester, through Ottorborne

to Bar Gate , in the town and county of the town of Southampton ,

as relates to the south district of the Southampton road.

53. For vesting part of the estates ofJohn Williams esquire,

devised by the will of Peckham Williams esquire, deceased, in

trustees, to be fold for discharging an incumbrance thereon.

54. For vesting the entirety of certain hereditaments in the

county of Middlesex, and an undivided moiety of certain other

hereditaments , in the same county, respectively devised, in strict

settlement, by the will of John Lefevre esquire, deceased, in

Charles Shaw Lefevre esquire , and his heirs, and for fettling the

entirety of certain messuages, lands, and hereditaments, in the

county ofSouthampton, in lieu thereof , and to the like uses.

55. For repealing an act, passed in the eighteenth year of his

present Majesty's reign , intituled , An att for repairing the high-

ways and bridges in the county of Wigtown; and for the more effec-

tually amending , widening, altering , repairing , and keeping in repair,

the roadfrom the high bridge of Cree, by Newton Douglass, Glen-

luce, and Stranraer, to Port Patrick, and from Stranraer to the

confines of the county of Ayr near the cairn of Lochryan ; and for

levying a conversion money in lieu of theftatute labour, and otherwise

regulating the making and repairing the high roads and bridges in the

Saidcounty.

56. For enlarging the present, or providing an additional

workhouse for the parish of Chatham, in the county of Kent, for

raising money for that purpose; for the better ascertaining and

collecting the poor rates ; and for the better relief , government,

andemployment of the poor of the said parish .

57. For altering and enlarging the powers of an act, made in

the tenth year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An attfor erecting a workhouse in the city and county of the

city of Norwich, for the better employment and maintaining the poor

there, so far as the fame relates to the erecting a new workhouse

within the said city and county, for the better maintenance of

the poor thereof .

58. For draining, preserving from water, and improving certain low lands and grounds, lying within the several parishes or

chapelries of Wookey, Westbury, Rodney- Stoke, Wedmore, Mear,

Weare , Nyland , Badgworth, Biddisham, East Brent, South Brent,

Cheddar , Axbridge, Compton Bishop, Loxton, Bleadon, Brean,

Berrow, and Lympsham, all in the county of Somerset ; and for

altering and improving the navigation of the river Axe, within

the said parishes of Bleadon, Lympsham, Loxton, East Brent,

Compton Bishop, Biddisham, Badgworth, Weare, and Axbridge,

some or one of them, above and from a certain place called

Southern MeadBarrs , situate within the said parish ofBleadon.

b4

59. For

A TABLE of the STATUTES

59. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the

powers , of an act passed in the twenty- first year of the reign of

his present Majesty, intituled , An act for continuing the term of

an act , made in the thirty- second year of the reign of his late majesty

King George the Second, intituled, 'Anattfor amending andwiden-

ing the roads leading from Stretford's Bridge , in the county of

Hereford, to the New Inn in the parish of Winstanstow , in the

county of Salop , and also the road from Bluemantle Hall, near

Mortimer's Cross, to Aymstrey, in the said county ofHereford :

and for repealingso much of an act , made in the twenty- secondyear

of the reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the roadfrom Mor-

timer's Cross toAymstrey Bridge. '

60. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the

powers, of several acts, passed in the ninth and twenty- eighth

years of the reign of his late majesty King George the second ,

and in the twenty- first year of the reign of his present Majesty,

for repairing and widening certain roads therein described , fo

far as the fame relate to the road from Henley Bridge, in the ,

county of Oxford , to Dorchester Bridge, and from thence to Cul-

hamBridge, and to a place called Mile Stone, in the road leading

to Magdalen Bridge, in the said county.

61. To continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers,

of two acis, passed in the thirty-third year of the reign of his

late majesty King George the Second, and in the eighteenth year

of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and widening

the road from the bars at Boughton, within the liberties of the

city of Chester, to Whitchurch, and from thence to Newport, in

the county of Salop, and several other roads therein mentioned,

so far as the said acts relate to the road leading from the bars at

Boughton within the liberties of the city ofChester, to Whitchurch

aforesaid, being the first district of roads in the said acts mentioned.

62. For amending, widening , improving, and keeping inre-

pair, the road leading from Worthing, in the parith ofBroad-

water , in the county of Sussex , by Findon, Washington Hill Rock ,

and Ashington Common, to Dial Post, and from thence, by Nep

Castle and Baybridge Lane, to the Steyning Turnpike, at West

Grinsted Park, in the said county .

63. For repealing an act , pasled in the twenty-first year of the

reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the roads leading from

the Stones End, in Kent Street, in the parith ofSaint George South-

wark, to Dartford, and other roads therein mentioned, in the

counties ofKent and Surrey, and for more effectually repairing

and improving the said roads, and for lighting and watching, or

guarding the fame; and also for increasing the compositions

payable in lieu of statute duty, by the parishes ofEast Greenwich

and Saint Paul Deptford , to the treasurer of the said roads.

64. For repairing , widening, and altering, the road leading

from the south end of Brown's Lane, in the parish of Great

Staughton, in the county of Huntingdon, to the Bedford turnpike

road, in the parith of Lavendon , in the county ofBuckingham.

65. For

( Public Local & Personal ) 42 GEO. III:

65. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the

powers, of two acts, one passed in the thirty-third year of the

reign of his late majesty King George the Second , and the other

in the eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for amend-

ing , widening, and keeping in repair , the road leading from the

thirty -nine mile- stone, at the upper end of Stone Street, in the

town of Maidstone , in the county of Kent, to a certain place,

called Tubbs Lake, in the parish of Cranbrook, in the said county.

66. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the

powers, of two acts, passed in the fifth and nineteenth years of

the reign of his present Majesty , for repairing, widening, and

keeping in repair, the several roads in the county of Carmarthen,

sofaras relate to the Kidwelly district of roads therein mentioned;

for discharging the trustees from the care of a part of the roads

within the said district ; and for amending , widening, improving,

and keeping in repair , the road leading from the north side of a

bridge called Pont-y-Gribenhwyd-ar- Gwilly to a bridge called

Pont - ar - ddy -lais, and from thence to the river Loucher , in the

parish of Llanedy, in the county of Carmarthen.

67. For rectifying a mistake in a settlement , made by the

right honourable John late earl ofBute, and the right honoura-

bleMars Wortley , late countess ofBute and baroness Mountstuart,

hiswife , both deceased.

68. For vesting the settled estates of George Silvertop esquire,

in Pont Island , otherwise Pont Ealand , in the county of Northumberland , and Winlaton in the county of Durham, in trustees to be

fold; and for applying the money to arise by such sale in or

toward the payment of the debts and legacies of John Silvertop

esquire , deceased ; and for annexing the rectory and tythes of the

parish church ofBywell Saint Peter , in the said county of Northumberland , held by a lease for twenty-one years, to the uses of

the will of the said lateJohn Silvertop ; and for vesting in the

said George Silvertop several parts or shares of certain coal mines

or collieries in Stella Kyo-Field , Chopwell, and the parish ofRyton,

in the said county of Durbam, heretofore belonging to the said

John Silvertop, mostly held by the like tenure; and for enabling

the said George Silvertop to charge part of the fettled estates with

the sum of five thousand pounds, and to authorise the executors

of the said John Silvertop to pay to the said George Silvertop the

fum oftwo hundred and thirty-five pounds, and deliver to him

the household furniture, and other goods and chattels, for his

own benefit; and also for vesting his estate in Minster Acres in

the said county of Northumberland , in trustees, to certain uses,

and to the uses of the said will .

69. For dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the commons and

waste lands, in the parish of Henllan, in the county of Denbigh.

70. For dividing, allotting, and inclosing the moor or common, open fields , stinted pastures, and other commonable lands,

within the township of Mickleton, and parish of Romaldkirk,

in the north riding of the county of York.

71. For enabling certain persons in the town and port of Liverpool ,

A TABLE of the STATUTES

Liverpool , in the county palatine of Lancaster, to erect an exchange there for the accommodation of themselves, and the

merchants and others concerned in trade in the said town and

port; and for incorporating the proprietors thereof .

72. For completing the rebuilding of the tower of the parith

church of Saint Anne , within the liberty of Westminster in the

county of Middlesex, and a new vestry room, watch- house, engine-

house, and vaults, for the use of the said parith, and for repairing

the said church, improving the church-yard , and making certain

regulations relating to the said parish .

73. For raising a further fum of money for carrying into exe-

cution three several acts, passed in the thirty- fifth, thirty- eighth,

andin the thirty-ninth and fortieth years of the reign of his present Majesty , for widening and improving the entrance into the

city of London, near Temple Bar, and for making a more com-

modious street or passage at Snow Hill; and for raising on the

credit of the orphan's fund a fum of money for those purposes ;

and for explaining, amending, and enlarging the powers of the

said acts .

74. For dividing, allotting, and inclosing the open fields,

commons, and waste grounds, within the parishes ofCatfield

and Sutton, in the county of Norfolk, and for draining and pre-

serving the said commons and waste grounds.

•75. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the

powers, of several acts passed respecting several roads near the

borough of Afhburton, and the town of Newton Bushell ; and for

amending, widening, altering, and keeping in repair, the road

leading from a place called Moor's Barn to the end of White

Hill Lane, in the parish ofHighwick ; and for making and main-

taining a road from the bottom of Dean Clapper Hill ,at the west

end of the village ofDean Prior, in the parith of Dean Prior,

through the village of Dean Church Town, and from thence

through the parithes of Rattery and South Brent to Brent Bridge ,

allin the county of Devan.

76. For repealing an act , passed in the twenty-fifth year of

the reign of his present majesty King George the Third, for more

effectually repairing the roads leading from the Stone's End in

Blackman Street, in the borough of Southwark, in the county of

Surrey, to Highgate , in the county of Sufflex , and several other

roads therein mentioned, and for granting other powers for those

purposes.

77. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the

powers, of several acts, passed in the first and twelfth years of

the reign ofKing George the First, the fifteenth year of the reign

ofKing George the Second, and the seventh and thirty-fourth

years of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the high-

ways between Tyburn and Uxbridge , in the county of Middlesex,

and for amending the road leading from Brent Bridge, over Han-

well Heath, through the parishes of Hanwell , New Brentford ,

and Ealing, to the great western road , in the said county ; and for

(Public Local & Personal ) 42 GEO. III .

for lighting , watching, and watering, the highway between

Tyburn and Kensington Gravel- pits.

78. For enabling trustees to make exchange of a messuage

and other hereditaments at Scawby, in the county of Lincoln,

( part of the settled estates of John Uppleby esquire), for a mef-

fuage and other hereditaments at Wooton , in the said county of

Lincoln .

79. Fordividing and allotting in severalty the open and commonarable fields, commons, downs, common meadows, common

pastures , and commonable places, within the parish of Westbury

in the county of Wilts .

80. For making and maintaining a railway or tram road from

or from near a certain place called The Flats , in the parish of

Llanelly, in the county of Carmarthen, to or near to certain lime

rocks, called Castell - y-Garreg, in the parish of Llanfihangel -aber-

bythick , in the said county; and for making and maintaining a

dock or bason at the termination of the said railway or tram

road , at or near the said place called The Flats.

81. To continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers

of two acts, one passed in the thirty-third year of the reign of

his late majesty King George the Second, and the other in the

eighteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing

andwidening the road from the barrs at Boughton, within the

liberties of the city of Chester, to Whitchurch, and from thence to

Newport , in the county of Salop, to Ivetfey Bank, in the county

ofStafford , and from thence to Castle Bromwich and Stone Bridge ,

in the parish of Hampton-in-Arden, in the county of Warwick,

and from Castle Bromwich to Birmingham, in the same county;

so far as the said acts relate to the roads leading from a place

called The Welsh Harp, in the township of Stonnall , in the said

county of Stafford , to Stone Bridge, and from Castle Bromwich to

Birmingham , being the fourth district of roads in the said acts

mentioned .

82. To enlarge the term, and to amend, alter, and vary the

powers of an act, passed in the thirty- seventh year of the reign

of his present Majesty, intituled, An act to continue the term, and

alter and enlarge the powers of an act of the eleventh year of his pre-

fent Majesty ,for more effectually repairing and amending the roads

from Liverpool to Prescot, Ashton, and Warrington, and other

roads therein mentioned, in the county palatine of Lancaster, and to

vary certain parts of the line of the said roads .

83. For widening, altering, improving, and repairing, the

road leading from Alfreton , in the county ofDerby, to the town

of Derby.

84. For exchanging the fettled estate of fir George Beeston

Prescott baronet , in the county of Chester, for another estate of

greater value in the county of Flint , to be fettled in lieu

thereof .

85. To enable the high court of chancery to authorise and

empower the devisees in trust under the will of John Glover late

ofKing Street , in the parish of Saint George , in the county of Middlesex,

1

A TABLE of the STATUTES

Middlesex , gentleman, togrant a lease for theterm ofninety -nine

years of the messuage or tenement therein mentioned, being part

of the estatedevised by the said will , pursuant to an agreement

therein recited, or for such shorter term ofyears, and upon such

other conditions, as to the said court shall seem reasonable.

86. For feuing the glebe of the parish of the barony ofGlaf-

gow , in the county of Lanark.

87. For exonerating and discharging parcel of the possessions

of the prebendaryof the prebend of Prees, otherwise Pipa Minor ,

founded in the cathedral church of Litchfield , in the county of

Stafford , of and from acertain lease made thereof; and for authorising the sale of the mines and minerals within the premises

comprized in such lease , and for other purposes.

88. For repealing fo much of an act, made in the second year

of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An alt for the

better supplying the cities of London and Westminster with fish , and

to reduce the present exorbitant price thereof , and to protect and en-

couragefishermen, as limits the number of fish to be fold bywhole-

sale within the said city of London; and for the better regulation

of the sale of fish by wholesale in the market of Billingsgate ,

within the said city .

89. To remove doubts as to certain acts relating to the ad-

measurement of coals in the city and liberty of Westminster, and

parts adjacent , and to revive and continue an act, passed in the

twenty- sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty , relating to

the admeasurement of coals within the limits aforesaid, and to

indemnify all persons who have acted in pursuance of any of the

provisions of the said act.

90. For altering and amending an act, passed in thethirty-

first year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An actfor

widening, improving, regulating, paving, cleansing, and lighting , the

streets, lanes, and other publick passages and places, within the king's

town ofMaidstone, in the county of Kent ; for removing and preventing encroachments, obstructions , nuisances, and annoyances therein ;

for betterfupplying the said town with water, and for repairing the

highways within the parish of Maidstone; and for raising a further

fum of money for completing the purposes of the said act .

91. For amending an act, passed in the fourteenth year of the

reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An alt for making and

establishing publick quays or wharfs at Kingston- upon-Hull, for the

better securing bis Majesty's revenues of customs, and for the benefit

ofcommerce in the port ofKingston- upon-Hull ; for making a bajon

ordock , with reservoirs, sluices, roads, and other works, for the ac-

commodation ofvessels using the said port; and for appropriating certain lands belonging to his Majesty, and for applying certainfums af

money out of bis Majesty's customs at the said port for those purposes,

and for establishing other necessary regulations within the town and

port of Kingston-upon-Hull ; and also for making additional

basons or docks at Kington- upon- Hull , with an entrance into the

famefrom the river Humber, and for granting certain lands be-

longing to his Majesty in aid of the said works.

92. For

(Public Local & Personal) 42 GEO. III .

92. For amending, altering , and extending the powers of the

several acts of parliament now in force, for supplying the city of

Dublin with water, and formakingbetterprovision for that purpose.

93. For vesting divers estates in the parishes of Bradford and

Calverley , in the west riding of the county of York, purchased for

the benefit of the proprietors of the Bradford canal navigation,

intrustees, upon certain trusts, discharged from all claims of the

crown in respect of any forfeiture incurred under orby virtue of

thelaws or statutes of mortmain.

94. For repealing an act, passed in the thirty -second year of

his present Majesty's reign, for improving the navigation of the

river Medway , from the town of Maidstone, through the several

parishes of Maidstone, Boxley, Allington, and Aylesford , in the

county of Kent ; and for the better and more effectually improv-

ing the navigation of the said river.

95. For dividing, inclosing, draining, and preserving the

open fields, halfyear's meadow land, cominon pastures, moors,

and waste lands, within the parith of Saxelby, in the county of

Lincoln , and townships of Harby and Broadholm , in the county

of Nottingham.

96. To empower the mayor, aldermen, and common coun-

cilmen of the borough of Boston, in the county of Lincoln, to take

down the bridge over the river Witham, in the said borough ,

and to erect a bridge over some other part of the said river ,

within the said borough, and to open and make proper avenues,

ways, and passages thereto, and to enlarge and improve the gaol

andhouse of correction within the said borough, and to purchase

and take down several houses for the purposes aforesaid.

97. For making and repairing the road from Causeway Head

near Stirling , through the county of Clackinannan, by the foot of

the Ochil hills and by West Saline and Crossfoord , towards Queens-

ferry ,and certain roads branching out of the fame; and for con-

verting the statute labour in the said county ofClackmannan.

98. For continuing the term , and altering and enlarging the

powers, of several acts, passed in the thirty-second year of the

reign of of his late majesty King George the Second, and in the

third and eighteenth years of the reign of his present Majesty,

for repairing, widening, and amending the roads from the town

ofUttoxeter to the town of Newcastle- under - Lyme, and from Cliffe

Bank to Snape Marsh , and also from Lower Lane to Hem Heath,

all in the county of Stafford .

99. For continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the

powers, of an act , passed in the thirty- third year of the reign of

his present majesty King George the Third, intituled, An act for

repairing and widening the road from the Moot Hall in Wirks

worth , to the turnpike road leading from Derby to Braffington, at

or near to a place called The Cross in the Hand, on Hulland

Ward , and also the roadfrom the said Moot Hall to another turn-

pike road leading from the cross post on Wirksworth Moor to Mat-

lockBath, at or near to a place called The Steeple House, in the

township of Wirksworth aforesaid , all in the county ofDerby.

100. Το

A TABLE of the STATUTES

100. To continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers,

of several acts heretofore passed, for repairing the road from

Dunchurch to Stonebridge, in the county of Warwick.

101. For making and maintaining, and for watching, lighting,

and watering a road from the West-India docks in the Isle of

Dogs to communicate with a street called Church Lane , or

Church Street, Whitechapel , and for making and maintaining a

branch of road therefrom, to communicate with Queen Street, in

the parish of Saint Anne, all in the county of Middlesex ; for

opening , widening, and improving certain streets and passages

therein mentioned, and for more effectually amending and keep-

ing in repair a road from Ratcliffe Highway, through Cannon

Street , in the county of Middlesex , into the road leading into the

county ofEffex, and also from the west end of Brook Street into

Cable Street, and from Upper Shadwell Street into the Back Lane,

in the said county of Middlesex.

102. For authorising the persons therein named to concur on

the part of Peter de Salis esquire, and the other persons entitled

under the settlement executed by Jerome de Salis esquire, and

Mary his wife, and the will of the said Mary de Salis, in making

a partition of certain estates late of the right honourable Susanna

viscountess Fake , situate in the counties ofArmagh, Limerick , and

Tipperary , in that part of the united kingdom of Great Britain

and Ireland called Ireland.

103. For vesting certain trust estates, stocks, funds, and se-

curities, of which John Beardsworth esquire and Thomas Williams

esquire were trustees, in James Palmer Hobbs esquire and George

Burley gentleman.

104. To enable John Skynner esquire and Bigoe Charles

Williams gentleman , on behalf of John Perry and James Perry

infants, who are entitled to undivided shares in certain copyhold

messuages, lands, and hereditaments, situate within the manor of

Tottenham otherwise Tottenball , in the parish of Saint Pancras, in

the county of Middlesex , late the estate of Catherine Whitehead

deceased , to concur with the owners of the several other undi-

vided shares of the fame copyhold hereditaments in making a

partition and division thereof ; and to enable the said John Skyn-

ner and Bigoe Charles Williams to fell or mortgage a competent

part of the thares of the said infants therein, and to apply the

money arising thereby, under the direction of the court ofchan-

cery, for the maintenance and advancement of the said infants,

to make such surrenders of their shares as may be necessary.

105. For vesting part of the estates devised by the will of

John Paul esquire, situate in the county of Wilts, in John Paul

Paulesquire, in fee simple , discharged from the uses and trusts of

the said will, in exchange for an estate in the county ofGloucester,

and for vesting the residue of the said devised estates, in the

county of Wilts , in trustees, to be fold, and for applying the

monies to arise by such sale under the direction of the court of

chancery, in the purchase of other estates, to be fettled in lieu

thereof , and to the same uses.

106. For

( Public Local & Personal) 42 GEO. III.

106. For dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the open and

common fields, common pastures, and other commonable lands

andwafte grounds, within the several townships or hamlets of

Sewerby and Marton, and within the manor of Sewerby cum Mar-

ton, in the parish of Bridlington, in the east riding of the county

of York.

107. For dividing, allotting , and inclosing, the open arable

fields, meadows, pastures, ings, carr, common and waste lands ,

and grounds, within the township of Flixton otherwise Fleeceton ,

in the parish of Folkton , in the east riding of the county ofYork.

108. For altering, amending, and rendering more effectual,

an act, passed in the last session of parliament, intituled, An att

fordividing , and allotting, a certain fen, called Wildmore Fen, in

the county of Lincoln, and for dividing, allotting in severalty,

and inclosing, the parochial or general allotments set out, or to

be set out , in pursuance of the said act, for compensating for the

tythes of such allotments, and for declaring and determining to

what parish or parishes the several allotments of the said fen

shall belong.

109. For dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the common and

open fields, common meadows, and other commonable lands

and waste grounds, in the parishes of Shitlington and Holwell, in

the county of Bedford.

110. For dividing, allotting, and inclosing , the several com

mons and waste lands within the manor and township of Wirks-

worth , in the county of Derby ; for protecting certain springs

situate on the said commons and waste lands, and for the better

securing a supply of water for the use of the inhabitants of the

town of Wirksworth , in the said county.

111. For explaining, amending, and rendering more effec-

tual several acts of the sixteenth and seventeenth years of the

reign of King Charles the Second, and of the seventh and

thirty-fifth years of the reign of his present Majesty , relating to

the navigation of the river Itchin, in the county of Southampton.

112. For building and maintaining a harbour and pier at the

town and in the parish of Thurso , in the county of Caithness .

113. To alter and amend an act , passed in the thirty-ninth

year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled, An alt for rendering morecommodious and for better regulating the port of London,

so far as the same relates to the concerns of the West- India dock

company thereby established, and for extending to other objects

the compensations directed to be made bythe said act.

114. For making and maintaining a navigable canal from the

boat pool of Dalry in the Glenkenns to the port and town of

Kirkcudbright, in the stewartry of Kirkcudbright.

115. For making and maintaining certain railways to communicate with the Monmouthshire canal navigation, and for

enabling the company of proprietors of that navigation to raise

afurther sum of money to complete their undertaking ; and for

explaining and amending the acts, passed in the thirty-second and

A TABLE of the STATUTES

and thirty -seventh years of his present Majesty's reign, relating

thereto.

116. For altering and enlarging the powers of an act, passed

in the seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled ,

An act for the more effectual draining the lands lying in the level of

Ancholme, in the county of Lincoln, and making the river Ancholme

navigable from the river Humber, at or near a place called Ferraby

Sluice, in the county of Lincoln, to the town ofGlamford Briggs,

and for continuing the said navigation up or near to the said river

from thence toBishop Briggs, in the said county ofLincoln .

117. For the more effectually amending, widening, improv-

ing , and keeping inrepair, the road from the turnpike road at

Buckton Burn, in the county ofDurham, through Berwick- upon-

Tweed, to Lammerton Hill , and also several other roads therein

mentioned, lying in the said county, and within the liberties

of the said town of Berwick : and also for erecting two bridges

over the river Tweed, and for making two roads from the said

bridges to the road leading from Berwick aforesaid to Cornhill ,

in the said county of Durham.

118. For vesting divers freehold andleafehold messuages, pieces

or parcels of ground , and hereditaments, situate in several

parishes in the county of Middlesex, heretofore the estates of

Thomas Taylor esquire, the father, and Thomas Taylor esquire, the

fon, both deceased , and several leasehold messuages in the fame

county, heretofore the estate of Sarah Otway widow, deceased,

in trustees, to be fold, under the direction of the high court of

chancery , and for applying the purchase money according to the

directions of the said court, such directions to be given upon

application in a summary way .

119. For dividing, allotting, and inclosing the open arable

fields, meadows, commons, and other commonable and waste

lands, within the parish of Coningsby otherwise Conesby , in the

county of Lincoln.

PRIVATE ACTS.

1. A

Nact for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the open

fields , commons, and waste grounds, within the parith

ofEast Tuddenham in the county of Norfolk .

2. An act for enabling the honourable Barbara Cockayne Med-

lycott to take and use the furname and arms of Medlycott, pur-

fuant to the will of her grandfather, Thomas Mediycott esquire,

deceased.

3. An act for naturalizing John Henry Bluhm.

4. An act for naturalizingJohn Bertrandde Boubés de Brouquens.

5. An act for naturalizing Sebastian Fridag. 6. An

( Private) 42 GEO. III .

6. An act for naturalizing Herman Gerhard Hilbers.

7. An act for naturalizing Pierre Joseph Amand Lelievre.

8. An act for naturalizing Isaac Aldebert and Charles Christian

Becher . 9. An act for naturalizing John Frederick Schroder.

10. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing , the warren,

commons, and waste grounds, within the parish of Hayneford in

the county ofNorfolk.

11. An act for naturalizing John Aimé Delord .

12. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the commons and waste lands, within the parish of Sneaton in the north

riding of the county ofYork.

13. An act for dividing and inclosing the commons and waste

lands within the manor and parish of Handsworth in the west

riding ofth county of York.

14. An act for dividing, allotting , and inclosing, the open

fields, commons, doles, and waste grounds, within the parish of

Filby in the county of Norfolk.

15. An act for dividing, exchanging, allotting, and inclosing,

the open and commonable lands and fields , within the parish of

Pitney otherwise Pitney Lortie, in the county of Somerset.

16. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing , the commons and waste grounds, within the parishes of Finingham and

Giflingham in the county of Suffolk.

17. An act for naturalizing Johann Henrich Albers.

18. An act for naturalizing Albert Wittenberg .

19. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the commonfields, common meadows, common pastures, downs, and

all other commonable lands and waste grounds, in the hamlet

or liberty of Buckland , in the parish ofBuckland in the county

of Berks.

20. An act for dividing , allotting, and inclosing the open and

common fields, common meadows, fen grounds, and other

open and commonable lands and waste grounds, lying in the

parish ofHorningsea, in the county of Cambridge.

21. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the open and

common fields, common meadows, common pastures, commons and waste lands, within the parish of Wooburn in the

county of Buckingham.

22. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain

common or waste ground, called Mortimer Common, and other

commorable and waste lands, in the manor and parish of Strat-

fieldMortimer in the counties of Berks and Hants.

23. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common

fields , and all other commonable lands, within and belonging to

thehamletand tything ofBroughton otherwise Drakes Broughton,

in the parish ofHoly Cross, in Pershore in the county of Worcester.

24. An act for dividing , allotting, and inclosing, the moors,

commons, and waste grounds, in the manors of Troddermain,

WaltonWood , Askerton, and Lanercost , all in the parish ofLaner-

cost in the county of Cumberland .

VOL. XLIII. C 25. An

A TABLE of the STATUTES

25. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the open and

common fields, common pastures, and waste grounds, within or

belonging to the hamlets or tythings of West Aston otherwise

West Yaston , and Middleton, in the parish of Long Parish in the

county of Southampton .

26. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the open

fields , pastures, commons, and commonable grounds, within the

parish of Cropwell Bishop otherwise Great Cropwell in the county

ofNottingham.

27. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the open

and commonable fields, lammas and commonable meadows ,

heaths, fens, and waste grounds, within the parish of Pakenham

in the county of Suffolk .

28. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the open

fields, half year or shack lands, lammas meadows, fen grounds,

commons, and waste lands, within the several parishes of EL

lingham, Broome, Kirby Cane , and Geldestone , in the county of

Norfolk.

29. An act for dividing, allotting, laying in severalty , and

inclosing, the open and common fields, common meadows, and

other open and commonable lands and waste grounds, within

the parish of Sawston in the county of Cambridge.

30. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the open

and common fields, and other commonable and waste lands,

within the parish of Baldwin Brightwell in the county of Oxford.

31. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the open

fields, mesne inclosures, commons, and waste grounds, within

the several and respective manors and townships of Silkstone ,

Hoyland Swaine, and Cawthorne, in the parish ofSilkstone , in the

west riding of the county of York.

32. An act for dividing and inclosing a certain piece or parcel

ofcommon pasture land ,called Satherton Moor , in the parish of

Sotherton, in the county of Suffolk.

33. An act for naturalizing Henrich Kolle.

34. An act to enable John duke of Argyll , to exchange certain lands, parts of his entailed estate in the shire of Argyll, for

certainother lands belonging to him in fee simple , lying in the

shires ofArgyll and Clackmannan.

35. An act for altering, amending, and rendering more ef-

fectual, an act passed in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his

present Majesty, intituled, An att for dividing, allotting, and in-

closing , the open and common fields , common meadows, common pastures ,

andwaste lands, within the parishes of Kemsford, and Dryffield in

the county of Gloucester ; and for enlarging and extending the

powers of the commissioners in the said act named.

36. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the open

and common fields , meadows, commonable lands, and waste

grounds, within the parish ofAbbotts Morton in the county of

Worcester .

37. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common

fields

( Private) 42 GEO. III .

helds , and other commonable places, within the parish of

Hargrave in the county of Northampton.

38. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the open and

common fields, meadows, common pastures, and other common-

able and waste lands, in the parish, township, or hamlets ofWes-

ton by Welland and Sutton Baffett, in the county of Northampton.

39. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain

tract of common or waste land, called Oaksey Common, situate

within , or belonging to , the manor of Oakley in the county of

Wilts.

40. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the whole

year or every year lands, common fields, half year or shack

lands , heaths, commonable lands, commons, and waste grounds,

within the parish of Great Barton in the county of Suffolk.

41. An act for dividing, allotting, and laying in severalty, the

open and common arable lands , common meadow, common

pasture , common down, waste, and other commonable lands

and grounds, within the township or hamlet of Up- Lambourne,

in the parish ofChipping Lambourne in the county of Berks.

42. An act for dividing, allotting, and laying in severalty , the

open and common arable lands, and for dividing, allotting, and

laying inseveralty , and inclosing, the open and common meadow,

common pasture, waste, and other commonable lands and

grounds within the parish of Harwell in the county ofBerks.

43. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain

commonable lands and waste grounds within the parish of

Christchurch and parish or chapelry of Holdenhurst, in the county

ofSouthampton.

44. An act for dividing , allotting, and inclosing, the common field, wastes, and other commonable lands, in the town-

ship or hamlet ofEverton, with the parish of Everton cum Tet-

worth , in the counties of Bedford, Huntingdon, and Cambridge,

some or one of them, and for extinguishing all the tythes arising

within the township or hamlet of Everton aforesaid.

45. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several

commons, moors, and waste grounds, within the division or

hamlets ofCleckheaton, and Scholes, in the manor and township

of Cleckheaton, in the parish of Birstall in the west riding of the

county ofYork .

46. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the commons

and waste lands lying within the manor or manors of Nuneaton

and Stockingford , in the parish of Nuneaton in the county of

Warwick, and also a certain stinted pasture in Nuneaton aforesaid,

called The Cottiers otherwise Cottagers Piece.

47. An act to enable the rector of the parich and parish

church ofMerthyr Tydvil , in the county of Glamorgan, for the

time being , to grant leases of the glebe belonging to the said

rectory .

48. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the open

common arable field , commons, and waste lands, within the

parish and manor of West Horsley in the county of Surrey.

C2 49. An

-

A TABLE of the STATUTES

49. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the open

and common fields, common meadow, common down, and

other open and common lands, and waste ground, within the

manor of Manningford otherwise Maningford Bohun, in the

parish of Wilsford in the county of Wilts.

50. An act for naturalizing James Lewis Du Mont.

51. An act for confirming a feu contract made between Oliver

Colt esquire, as tutor of law to John Hamilton Colt his nephew,

an infant, and David Mushet, of certain parts of the lands of

Eastern and Western Garturk , situate in the county of Lanark in

North Britain.1

52. An act for confirming the sale and conveyance to John

Feilden esquire, of certain estates in the county of Chester, devised

by the will of Thomas Hunt esquire, deceased, and for substituting

and fettling in lieu thereof certain estates of Anna Maria Hunt,

in the county of Cornwall; and for vesting the purchase-money

for the said estates in the county of Chester in the said Anna

Maria Hunt, in consideration of such substitution and settle-

ment of the said estates in the county of Cornwall.

53. An act for vesting part of the settled estates of William

ParkerHammond esquire, in the county of Cambridge, in trustees,

to be fold; and for laying out the money arising by such sale

in the purchase of other lands and hereditaments tobe settled in

lieu thereof to the like uses .

54. An act for vesting the settled estate of Richard Chapman

gentleman, and Ann his wife, in the county of Somerset, in truf-

tees , to be exchanged for an unsettled estate in the same county.

55. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the open and

common fields, meadows, lands, commons, and commonable

places, within the parish of Fenstanton in the county ofHun-

tingdon.

56. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the commons

and waste grounds within the parish of Rolleston in the county

ofStafford.

57. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the commons, fens, and waste grounds, within the parish of Halvergate

in the county of Norfolk.

58. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the open and

common fields , common meadows, common pastures, commons,

waste and other commonable lands and grounds, within the

manor and parish of Whatcote in the county of Warwick.

59. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the commons

and waste grounds, within the township of Oldham, in the parish

of Priestwich cum Oldham in the county palatine ofLancaster.

60. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the open and

common fields , meadows, warren , and waste lands, within the

hamlet of Saltey and Washwood , in the parish of Aston, near Bir-

mingham in the county of Warwick.

61. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the open and

common fields, commons, waste, and other commonable lands and

( Private ) 42 GEO. III.

and grounds, within the liberties and precincts of Stwerford , in

the parish of Swerford in the county of Oxford.

62. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several

commons, waste grounds, and open common lands, within the

lordship or liberty of Swinfcoe, in the parish ofBloor in the county

ofStafford .

63. An act for dividing, allotting , and inclosing, the open and

common fields, meadows, lands, commons, marsh grounds, and

commonable places, within the parish ofDenton in the county of

Huntingdon.

64. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing , the open

fields and commonable lands within the parishes of Birbury and

Marton in the county of Warwick.

65. An act for dividing and allotting the common fields

common meadows, wastes, and other commonable lands, in the

parish of Cardington in the county of Bedford .

66. An act for dividing, allotting , and inclosing, the open

fields, ings, meadows, pastures, commons, and waste grounds,

within the township of Ellerton, in the parish of Ellerton in the

east riding of the county of York.

67. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the open

arable fields, meadows, pastures, commons, and waste grounds,

within the township or liberty ofRanskill , in the parish ofBlyth,

and the township and parish of Scrooby, in the county ofNot-

tingham.

68. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several

open fields, meadows, commons, and waste grounds, within

the manors of Worthington and Breedon- on- the- Hill , and township

ofNewbold , all in the parish ofBreedon-on- the-Hill in the county

ofLeicester.

69. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain

common or waste ground, called Sinfin Moor, and certain common meadows thereto adjoining, all in the county of Derby .

70. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the waste

grounds, open fields, and meadows, and commonable and inter-

mixed lands within that part of the parish of Churcham which

lies within the manor of Churcham in the county of Gloucester.

71. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the open and

common fields, common pastures, wastes, and other common-

able lands in the parish of Hinxworth in the county of Hertford

and for extinguishing all the tythes arising within the said parish.

72. An act for naturalizing James Emanuel Francis Doxat.

73. An act for naturalizing John Benjamin Jain.

74. An act for vesting the estates late of Frederick James

Scrope esquire , deceased, in the county of Lincoln , and devised

by his will in trustees to be sold, and for applying part of the

monies arising from the sale thereof in discharge of incumbrances,

and for laying out the residue in the purchase of other estates, to

be settled to the same uses.

75. An act for vesting the lands and estates of Saltcoats, King-

pon , Williamston, Barncluth, Udston, Birdsfield , Bellsfield , and Syde, and

!

A TABLE of the STATUTES

and superiority thereof , and lands of Dechmont, and others, teinds

and pertinents thereof , comprized in the deed of entail executed

by the deceased Alexander Hamilton of Pencaitland, esquire, upon

the thirty-first day of January one thousand seven hundred and

forty - seven, in trustees , in trust to sell the fame , and invest the

money arising by such sale in the purchase of other lands, to be

fettled and secured to the fame feries of heirs, and under the fame

conditions and limitations as are contained in the aforesaid deed

of entail .

76. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, that part of

Effingham Upper Common which lies in the manor of Effingham

East Court , in the parish of Effingham in the county of Surrey.

77. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the commons and waste grounds within the parish of Tharston in the

county of Norfolk.

78. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing , the several

open fields, meadows , pastures, commons, and waste grounds,

and all other the open and uninclosed lands and grounds within

the townships of Styrrup, Oldcoats, and Farworth , and so much

of Norney as is within the liberty of Styrrup aforesaid, in the

parishes of Blyth and Harworth, or one of them, in the county of

Nottingham.

79. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common

fields, common pastures, common meadows, and other commonable lands and grounds, within the manor, parish, and

liberties of Daventry in the county of Northampton.

80. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the open and

common fields, common meadows, and other open and commonable lands and waste grounds within the parish ofGravely in

the county of Cambridge.

81. An act for dividing, allotting , and inclosing, the open and

common fields , common pastures, commons, waste grounds,

downs, and other commonable lands, within the parish of Spelf-

bury in the county of Oxford.

82. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the open and

common fields, common meadows, common pastures, open and

common downs, and other commonable lands and waste ground,

within the manor and parish of Uphaven in the county of Wilts.

83. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the open and

common arable fields , meadows, pastures, commons, wastes,

and other commonable lands and grounds, in the parish of

Moulfoe , in the county of Buckingham.

84. An act for dividing, allotting, and laying in severalty certain open commonable fields, downs, meadows, and waste lands,

within the parish of Coombe Byfet otherwise Biffet in the county

of Wilts.

85. An act for dividing, allotting, and laying in severalty certain open commonable fields, downs, meadows, and waste lands,

within the parishes of West Grinstead and White Parish in the

county of Wilts.

86. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the open arable .

( Private ) 42 GEO. III .

arable fields, meadows, pastures, and commons, within the

township of Withernwick , in the parish of Withernwick in the

east riding of the county of York.

87. An act for naturalizing, Alexandre De Vandes, commonly

called Compte De Vandes.

88. An act for authorising leases to be made of such of the

fettled estates of the late most honourable Arthur marquis of

Downshire , deceased, as are situate in that part of the united

kingdom called Ireland .

89. An act for effectuating an exchange between the right

honourable Heneage earl ofAylesford and the dean and chapter of

Worcester .

90. An act for enabling the right honourable Henry lord

Mulgrave to charge his fettled estates with ajointure, in consideration of the improvements made by him, and also for en-

abling him to charge the same estates with portions for younger

children when he shall have made further improvements, and

for other purposes .

91.An act for vesting in Oliver Delancey esquire, barrack-

master-general , a wharf and certain other hereditaments near

Maidstone in the county ofKent , late the estates ofAnn Maynard

and Mary Maynard , both deceased.

92. An act to enable sir Charles Morgan baronet and Charles

Morgan esquire, to grant leases of certain estates in the

county of Monmouth, devised by the will of the late John Mor-

gan esquire; and to enable the said Charles Morgan, under the

direction of the court of chancery, to charge the estates of which

he is tenant for life in possession under the said will, with the

amount of the monies laid out by him in building wharfs, and

in other improvements .

93. An act to establish and confirm an exchange made by

andbetween the honourable Ann Fairfax, lady of the manor of

Gilling East, in the county of York , spinster (since deceased) , and

the rector of the parish church of Gilling East aforesaid, with the

consent and approbation of his grace the archbishop of York, of

certain tythes, cattlegates, customary payments, and other rights

belonging to the said rector , in right of the said church, for

certain parcels of demesne lands which belonged to the said

Ann Fairfax , as lady of the said manor..

94. An act for vesting the manor of Northill , and several

messages and hereditaments in the parish of Northill , in the

county of Bedford , part of the settled estates of John Robinson

esquire, in trustees, upon trust to fell, and for laying out the

monies in the purchase of more convenient estates in the county

ofSuffolk.

95. An act for enabling the guardian of Elizabeth Henrietta

Philips spinster , an infant, to sell and convey in fee farm her

undivided fourth part, or join with the owners of the other

thares in felling and conveying in fee farm the intirety of several

plots or parcels of land in Manchester in the county of Lancaster ,

underyearly reserved rents, for the purpose of building upon.

96. An

A TABLE of the STATUTES

b 96. An act for enabling the trustees therein named to lay out

the money arising from the sale of a moiety of certain estates in

the counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, which was settled on the

marriage of Robert Dundas esquire, and Ann his wife , in the purchase of hereditaments situate in Scotland , in the manner and upon

the trusts in the said act mentioned.

97. An act for effecting the sale or exchange ofeftates in the

county of Norfolk, late ofJohn earl of Buckinghamshire , deceased,

and for laying out the monies thence arising in the purchase of

other estates , and for felling timber on the settled estates late of

the said earl in the same county, and laying out the monies

thence arising in planting certain parts thereof .

98. An act for dividing and inclosing the open fields, half

yearmeadow land, common pastures, heath, and waste lands,

in the townships of Kelby, Aisby, and Ofeby, and in the parish of

Haydor , in the county of Lincoln.

99. An act fordividing, allotting, and inclosing, the open and

common fields, common pastures, and other commonable and

waste lands, in the manor and hamlet of West Challow, in the

parish ofLetcombe Regis in the county of Berks.

100. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several

open fields, meadows, pastures, commons, and waste grounds,

within or belonging to the parishes or townships of Alvaston and

Boulton, in the county ofDerby.

101. An act for dividing, allotting , and inclosing , the open

common fields, meadows, pastures, fen, wastes, and other commonable lands, within the parish of Thurlby in the county of

Lincoln.

102. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the open

arable fields, meadow and pasture grounds, within the township

and parish of Keyingham in Holderness, in the eaft riding of the

county of York, and for making compensation for the tythes

thereof , and also for the tythes of certain ancient inclosed lands

within the said township and parish .

103. An act for dividing, allotting , and inclosing, the open

fields, common meadows, and waste grounds within or belonging to the parish of Chellafton in the county of Derby.

104. An act for dividing , allotting, laying in severalty , and

inclosing, the open and common arable lands, common meadow,

common pasture, waste , and other commonable lands and

grounds, within the township ofKennington, in the parishes of

Sunningwell andRadley in the county ofBerks.

105. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the open

fields , meadows, pastures, moors, commons, and waste lands,

and all other open and uninclosed grounds, within the lordship

and parish of Walkeringham in the county ofNottingham.

106. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, sundry

tracts or parcels of whole year land, common fields, half year or

shack lands, lammas meadows, heaths, warren, commons, and

waste grounds, within the parish of Gooderstone in the county of

Norfolk. 107. An

( Private ) 42 GEO. III .

107. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the common or waste situate in the manor of Newton in the county pa-

latine of Lancaster.

108. An act for dividing, allotting, laying in severalty, and

inclosing, the open and common fields, common meadows, and

other open and commonable lands and waste grounds, within

the parish of Saint Giles, in the town of Cambridge in the county

ofCambridge.

109. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common

fields, common meadows, and other commonable lands and

grounds, within the parish ofDonington otherwise Dinton in the

county of Buckingham.

110. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the commons, fields, and common meadows, in the parish of Bodenham

in the county of Hereford.

III. An act for dividing, allotting , and inclosing, certain

opencommon fields, ing-lands, carr- lands, wastes, and common-

able places, within the township of Folkton, and within the respective hamlets or districts ofEast Flotmanby and West Flotmanby,

in the parish of Folkton in the east riding of the county of York.

112. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the open

and common fields, common meadows, common pastures, commonable lands, and waste grounds, within the parish of Han-

nington in the county of Northampton.

113. An act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the commons and waste grounds within the township of Yskeibion , in the

parish of Llanynys in the county of Denbigh.

114. An act for naturalizing Gabriel Dennis Ferry.

115. An act for naturalizing John Abraham Droop.

116. An act for naturalizing John Meybohm.

117. An act for authorising the leasing of mines within the

lands belonging to the perpetual curacy of Bilfston in the county

ofStafford , and for authorising exchanges to be made of part

of the said lands under the direction of the court of chancery.

118. An act for dividing , allotting , laying in severalty, and

inclosing, the open and commonable lands, common fields ,

common meadows, common pastures, and Crofton Green,

within the township of Crofton in the west riding of the county

of York.

119. An act to dissolve the marriage of George Bonham esquire,

with Paulina Lushington his now wife, and to enable him to

marry again , and for other purposes therein mentioned.

120. An act for enabling the reverend William Loggin to take

and use the surname and arms of Cole , pursuant to the willof his

uncle Edward Cole esquire, deceased .

VOL. XLIII. d

THE

STATUTES at Large, &c.

Anno regni GEORGII III . Britanniarum

Regis, quadragesimo secundo.

AT the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the Twenty- second day of January,

Anno Domini 1801, in the Forty- first Year of the

Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third,

bytheGrace ofGod , of the United Kingdom of Great

Britain and Ireland , King, Defender of the Faith.

Andfrom thence continued, byseveral Prorogations,

to the Twenty-ninth Day of October, 1801 ; be-

ing the Second Session of the First Parliament of

the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

1

CAP. I.

An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon

malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand

eight hundred and two.-[ November 21, 1801. ]

CAP. II .

An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty a duty on pensions,

offices, and personal estates, in England, Wales, and the town of

Berwick upon Tweed; and certain duties on sugar, malt, tobacco and

snuff , for the service of the yearone thousand eight hundred and two.-

- (November 21, 1801.]

CAP. III .

An act to revive and continue until the twenty - fifth day of March one

thousand eight hundred and three , so much ofan att made in the

forty - first year of the reign of his present Majesty, as relates to

permitting the use offalt , duty free, in preserving offish ; and to

discontinuing the bounty payable on white herrings exported; and to

indemnify all persons who have issued or acted under any orders for

deliveringfalt, duty free , for the purposes in the said alt mentioned.

- [November 21, 1801.]

VOL, XLIII. Вв WHEREAS

370 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 3. [ 1801 .

HEREAS an alt passed in the forty first year of the reign of

41Geo. 3.

C. 21. fifteenth day of October one thousand eight hundred and one,

the use of falt, duty free, in the preserving of fish in bulk or in

barrels ; for protecting persons engaged in such fisheries from

being impressed into his Majesty's service ; for discontinuing the

bounty payable on white herrings exported ; and for allowing a

bounty on pilchards now cured, whether exported or fold for

home consumption ; which act was to continue in force till the

fifteenth day of October, and no longer : and whereas it is highly

expedient for procuring a supply of good and wholesome food for the

consumption of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland ,

that the said act, so far as the same relates to the allowing the use of

falt , duty free , and to discontinuing the bounty on white berrings

exported , should be revived and continued ; be it therefore enacted

Recited act, by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice

relating to

and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons,

falt being

in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the

allowedduty

free, and to

fame, That the said act, and all the provisions therein contained,

thedifcon-

relating to falt being allowed duty free, for the purposes in the

tinuing the

said act mentioned, and to the discontinuing the bounty on

bounty on

white herrings exported, shall, from and immediately after the

white herrings

said fifteenth day of October one thousand eight hundred and

exported,

revived, and continued

one, be revived, and the fame is hereby revived, and shall continue in full force and effect, from and immediately after the

fromOct. 15, 'said fifteenth day of October, until the twenty- fifth day of March

180r, until

Mar. 25, 1803. one thousand eight hundred and three.

II. And whereas at the expiration of the said alt it appeared

highly expedient, for the continuing the said supply offish, that the

regulations of the said act should be continued , and the commissioners

of his Majesty's revenue of excise, in pursuance of directions to that

effect from the lords commissioners of bis Majesty's treasury, bave

permitted the delivery and use offalt, duty free, for the purposes in

the said alt mentioned , since the said fifteenth day of October,

which has proved to be beneficial to the publick ; wherefore it is expedient , that all persons issuing , giving, or advising such directions as

aforesaid , or concerned in the issuing, giving, or advising any such

directions, and also all persons acting under the fame, or in pursuance

thereof , should be indemnified ; be it therefore enacted , That all

Persons in- demnified for persons issuing, giving, or advising any such directions as afore-

having issued. said, or concerned in the issuing, giving, or advising any such

directions in

pursuance of directions, and alo all persons acting under or in pursuance of

those given by the said directions, shall be , and are hereby indemnified for and

the recitedact, on account of the fame, and of any act, matter or thing done in

or for having pursuance of and in conformity with such directions as aforesaid,

acted under

suchdirec-

as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes whatever, as

tions, since

if the fame directions had been given, and such acts , matters,

Oct. 15.

and things done in pursuance of any act or acts of parliament.

Actions

III. And be it further enacted, That all personal actions and

brought against such

suits, indictments and informations, and all prosecutions and

proceedings whatsoever, which have been , or shall be hereafter prosecuted

1801. ] Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. c 5. 371

prosecuted or commenced against any person or persons, for persons for

having delivered or used any falt , duty free, pursuant to such having done

permission, and to the regulations and restrictions in the said act void, &c.

so , shall be

mentioned, before the passing of his act, or against any person

or persons, for or by reason of any act, matter, or thing advised,

commanded, appointed , or done, or forborn to be done in re-

lation thereto, shall be discharged and made void by virtue of

this act ; and that if any action or suit shall be prosecuted or

commenced against any person or persons, for or by reason of

any such act, matter, or thing , he, she, or they may plead the

general issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence ;

and if the plaintiff or plaintiffs, in any action or suit so to be

prosecuted or commenced, shall become nonsuit, or forbear fur-

ther prosecution, or suffer discontinuance, or if a verdict pass

against such plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants

shall recover his, her, or their double costs, for which he, she,

or they shall have the like remedy, as in cases where the costs

by law are given to defendants.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any action or suit Wherepro-

hath been already commenced against any person or persons for ceedings in

such actions

any such act, matter, or thing as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for are stopped,

the defendant or defenders in such actions or suits respectively , thedefendants

inwhatever courts in Great Britain such actions or suits shall shall be allow-

have been commenced, to apply to such court or courts respec- ed double

tively to stay all proceedings therein respectively by motion

costs.

in a summary way, and such court or courts are hereby authorised and required to make orders for the purpose accord-

ingly , and the court or courts making such order shall award

and allow to the defendants and defenders respectively , double

costs of suit, for which they shall respectively have the same re-

medy as in cases where the costs are by law given to defendants

ordefenders.

V. And be it further enacted, That this act may be altered, Act may be

varied , or repealed, by any act to be passed in this session of varied or repealed this

parliament.

session.CAP. IV.

An act to repeal an act made in the forty- first year of the reign of his

present Majesty, intituled, An act to prohibit until the first day of

October one thousand eight hundred and one, and from thence to the

endof six weeks next, after the commencement of the then next session

of parliament, any person or persons from selling any bread which shall

not have beenbaked twenty- four hours ; and to indemnify bakers and

other persons who have fold or exposed to sale any bread within the

timeprohibited by the said act .-[ November 21, 1801. ]

CAP. V.

An act to continue until the first day of January one thousand eight

hundred and two, so much of an act made in the thirty - ninth and

fortieth years of the reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the re-

ducing the duties upon worts or wash, brewed or made from inelafies

or sugar, or any mixture therewith, or to any distiller or distillers, or maker

BE2

372 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c.8. [ 1801 .

maker or makers of spirits ; for reviving and continuing for the fame

period, so much of the said act as relates to the reducing and better

collecting the duties payable on the importation of starch ; and for

continuing for the fame period an act made in the same session ofpar-

liament, for prohibiting the making of low wines or spirits from wheat,

barley , malt, or other sort of grain, or from any meal, flour, or bran

in Scotland ; and so much of an act made in the last seffion ofparlia-

inent, as relates to allowing the distillation of spirits in Scotland, from

Inelasses or sugar at a lower rate of duty.-[December 11, 1801. ]

So much of 39 and 40Geo. 3. c. 8. as relates to the duties on worts

or wath made from melasses or sugar, &c. continued until Jan. 1, 1802.

So much of recited act as relates to the reducing and collecting the duties

on the importation of starch, which was continued by 41 Geo . 3. c. 19.

shall be revived from Oct. 1 , 1801 , and further continued until Jan. 1 ,

1802. Act 39 and 40Geo. 3. c . 7. prohibiting distillation of spirits from

grain in Scotland, further continued to Jan. 1, 1802. So much of41

Geo. 3. c. 29. as relates to allowing the distillation of spirits in Scotland

from melasses at a lower rateof duty ,continued toJan. 1, 1802.

CAP. VI .

An act to rectify a mistake in an act made in the last session of parliament,

intituled, An act for granting to his Majesty a certain sum of money

for the service of Great Britain, to be raised by a lottery, and to amend

fo much of the said act as relates to the commencement of the drawing

of the said lottery.- [ December 11 , 1801. ]

At 41 Geo. 3. c. 27, recited. Instead of 18,189 as mentioned by the

recited act, 18,185 only, shall be called the fortunate tickets . On or

before March 1, 1802, (instead of March 3,) the managers shall cause the

boxes with the tickets to be brought into some convenient place in

London, and give 14days notice thereof in the London Gazette, &c.

CAP. VII .

An act to repeal an act, made in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his

present Majesty, intituled, An act to permit, until the first day of

August one thousand eight hundred and two, the importation of certain naval stores from Hamburgh and other ports of Germany.-

[December 11 , 1801. ]

CAP. VIII .

An alt for granting annuities to satisfy certain exchequer bills.-

[ December 11 , 1801. ]

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the

commons of the united kingdom of Great Britain and

Ireland , in parliament assembled, being desirous to make some

provision towards satisfaction of certain exchequer bills now out-

standing, have resolved that all persons interested in or entitled

unto certain exchequer bills, should be entitled in respect of the

fame to such principal sums in annuities as are herein- after

mentioned , subject to the provisions of this act ; we your Majesty's most faithful commons do therefore most humbly beseech

your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's

1801.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 8. 373

King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and con-

fent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this

present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same,

That all persons interested in or entitled unto any exchequer Exchequer

bill or bills , made out by virtue of an act, passed in the thirty- bills made out

ninth and fortieth years of the reign of his present Majesty, inti-by virtue of

tuled, An act for raising the sum of three millions five hundred 3940Geo.3.

c. 102 and

thousand pounds, by loans or exchequer bills for the service of the c. 104; and of

year one thousand eight hundred; and also of an act of the fame 41Geo . 3 .

&

session of parliament, intituled, An act for raising the further carried to the

fum ofthree millions by loans or exchequer bills, for thefervice ofpaymaster of

the year one thousand eight hundred; and of another act passed in exchequer

the last seffion of parliament, intituled, An act for enabling his bills by Nov.

Majesty to raise the sum of two millions for the uses and purposes 28, 1801, shall

receive certi-

therein mentioned; and alio of another act of the last session officates to the

parliament , intituled, An alt for raising the sum offix millions bank entitling

five hundred thousand pounds by loans or exchequer bills, for thefer- the holders to

vice of Great Britain, for the year one thousand eight hundred and stock and an

one; who shall , on or before the twenty-eighth day of November annuity.

one thousand eight hundred and one, carry the same to the

office of the paymaster of exchequer bills, shall have in exchange

for the fame from such paymaster a certificate or certificates to

the governor and company of the bank of England , expressing

the fum contained in such bill or bills, which certificate or certificates shall entitle such person or persons to capital stock in the

annuities herein-after mentioned, to the amount and in the pro-

portions herein-after set forth ; that is to say, to the sum of

twenty-five pounds capital stock in annuities after the rate of

five pounds per centum per annum, to be added to those granted

by an act made in the thirty -seventh year of the reign of his

present Majesty, and to commence from the tenth day of October

one thousand eight hundred and one; to the fum of fifty

pounds capital stock in annuities after the rate of four pounds

per centum per annum, to commence from the tenth day of Otto-

ber one thousand eight hundred and one ; to the sum of twenty-

five pounds capital stock in consolidated annuities after the rate

of three pounds per centum per annum , to commence from the

fifth day of July one thousand eight hundred and one ; to the

fum of twenty -five pounds capital stock in reduced annuities

after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, to com-

-mence from the tenth day of October one thousand eight hundred

產

and one ; and to an annuity of one thilling and nine-pence, to

continue for a certain term of fifty-eight years and three months

from the tenth day of October one thousand eight hundred and

one , and then to cease, for each one hundred pounds contained

in any such certificate or certificates, and so in proportion for

any greater sum ; and that alt persons interested in or entitled

unto such exchequer bills as aforesaid shall, by delivering the

fame on or before the said twenty-eighth day of November one

thousand eight hundred and one into the said office of paymaster

BB3 of

374 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III c 8. [ 1801 .

of exchequer bills , be deemed to have accepted of the aforesaid

terms.

Holders of

exchequer

billsmayde-

liver them to

be - marked

andcertified.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any person or persons, natives or foreigners , bodies

politick or corporate, who shall be possessed of , interested in, or

entitled unto any exchequer bill or bills herein- before mentioned ,

to deliver such bill or bills to the proper officer in the office of

the paymaster of exchequer bills, to be marked and certified in

such manner as is herein after mentioned, at any time on or

before the said twenty-eighth day of November one thousand eight

hundred and one, and at such place as shall have been appointed

by notice given in the London Gazette and other publick papers

for that purpose.

Upondelivery III. And be it further enacted, That all and every person and

of certificates persons, bodies politick and corporate, who shall deliver any

theparties shall be en-

such exchequer bill or bills as aforesaid, upon producing such

titledtoan-

certificates as are hereby directed to be made forth by the pay-

nuities pay-

master of exchequer bills in lieu of such bill or bills, thall, for

able half-

yearly at the every fum of one hundred pounds contained therein, and fo in

bank ,

proportion for any greater sum, have and be entitled to the

respective annuities herein-before mentioned, to be paid or payable to such person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, or

such as he, she, or they shall appoint, his, her, or their execu-

tors, administrators , successors, or assigns respectively ; which

said annuities shall be in lieu of such bills, and shall be payable

half- yearly at the bank of England, at the most usual days of

payment in the year for such respective annuities ; that is to say,

the fifth day of April and the tenth day of October in every year,

for and in respect of the said several annuities after the rate of

five pounds per centum per annum, of four pounds per centum per

annum, of three pounds per centum per annum, and of one shilling

and nine-pence for the term of fifty-eight years and three months;

and the fifth day of January and the fitth day of July in every

year, for and in respect of the said consolidated annuities after

the rate of three pounds per centum per annum ; the first payment

on the said several annuities after the rate of five pounds per

centum per annum, four pounds per centum per annum , three

pounds per centum per annum, and of one shilling and nine-

pence , for the term of fifty- eight years and three months,

to become due on the fifth day of April one thousand eight

hundred and two ; and on the said consolidated annuities

after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, to

become due on the fifth day of January one thousand eight hundred and two; and that all persons and corporations entitled to

any such annuity or annuities aforesaid, and his, her, and their

administrators, successors, and assigns respectively, and all persons and corporations lawfully claiming under him, her, or them,

shall have good, sure, absolute, and indefeazable estates and

interests in the said respective annuities, according to the true

tenor and meaning of this act, until the redemption or expira-

tion thereof in the manner herein directed .

IV. And

1801.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 8. 375

IV . And be it further enacted, That upon the delivering in Paymaster

of such exchequer bills to the paymaster ofexchequer bills by anyupondelivery

ofexchequer

person or persons, bodies politick or corporate , the said paymaster bills, shall give

thall , and he is hereby authorised and required forthwith to give certificates of

certificates signed by him for the principal fum or fums contained their amount,

in such respective bills, tofuch person or persons, bodies politick which may be

or corporate, or his, her, or their assigns ; and all such certifi- assigned before

Jan. 14 , 1802,

cates shall be assignable by indorsement thereupon made at any and shall be

time before the fourteenth day of January one thousand eight free from

hundred and two, and no longer , and no such certificate or stamp duty.

assignment thereupon shall be charged with any stamp duties

whatever ; and the amount of the principal, certified in manner

before directed, shall be the principal fums for which the person

or persons, bodies politick or corporate, delivering such bills shall

bé entitled to such capital stocks as aforesaid, after the respective

rates herein- before mentioned for every one hundred pounds

contained in such respective certificates, and so in proportion for

any greater fum.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any infant or infants Guardians

shall have become entitled to any of the said bills , in such cafe maydeliver

upbills for

the guardian or guardians, trustee or trustees, of such infant or the benefit of

infants shall or may, and he, the , or they is or are hereby em- infants, who

powered , for the benefit of such infant or infants, to deliver up thandbe

shall en-

the same to such paymaster of exchequer bills ; and such infant annuities .

or infants, upon such guardian or guardians, trustee or trustees ,

delivering up such bill or bills, shall be entitled to such certificates as aforesaid, and shall also be entitled to the annuities as

aforesaid, as fully as any other person or persons whatever ; and

the said guardian or guardians, trustee or trustees, shall be dif-

charged from the same, so as the name of such infant or infants

be expressed in such certificate or certificates ; any thing herein

contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding .

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That all persons Executors,

who as executors, administrators, truflees, committees of idiots &c. mayde-

liver up bills

or lunaticks , or persons of unfound mind, depositaries, or mort- in their pof-

gagees, shall be or become poffefsed of , interested in, or entitled session to be

unto any of the said bills, shall and may deliver up such bills as certified, &c .

they shall be respectively possessed of , interested in, or entitled

unto, in manner before directed, to be cancelled and certified as

aforesaid ; and as to executors or administrators, the capital

stock of annuities which they shall be respectively entitled to, in

respect of the said bills so by them delivered up, and the divi-

dends from time to time arising therefrom, shall be affets in

their hands in the same manner as the said bil's were or would

have been had they not been so delivered up; and as to trustees,

committees , depositaries, and mortgagees, the capital stock of

annuities which they shall be respectively entitled unto, for and

in respect of such trust or mortgaged bills which they thall deliver

up as aforesaid, and the dividends from time to time arising

therefrom, shall be subject and liable to the same trusts, or equity

BB4

376 Annoregni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III . C. 8. [ 1801 .

equity of redemption, as such bills were or would have been had

they not been so delivered up for such annuities as aforesaid.

Bank, on

receiptof VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be

certificates, to lawful to and for the said governor and company of the bank of

give credit in England , and their successors, or such person or persons as they

abook for the shall appoint for that purpose, and he and they is and are hereby

flock and

respectively authorised and required to take in and receive all and

annuity;

every of the certificates to be made out in lieu of the said bills as

aforesaid, in pursuance of the directions of this act ; and upon

the receipt of every such certificate , shall, and he and they is

and are hereby required, in respect of every such principal

sum of one hundred pounds contained in such certificate so

brought to him or them as aforesaid, and so in proportion for

any greater sum, forthwith to give credit in a book or books to

be prepared for that purpose, for the respective principal sums

herein-before mentioned in the said annuities of five pounds per

centum per annum, of four pounds per centum per annum, of three

pounds per centum per annum respectively, and of one shilling and

nine-pence, for the term of fifty -eight years and three months ;

and the persons, bodies politick or corporate , to whose credit

such respective principal sums thall be entered in the said book

or books, his, her, or their executors, administrators or assigns,

shall and may have power to assign and transfer the fame, or

any part, share, or proportion thereof , to any other person or

persons, bodies politick or corporate whatsoever, in other books

and, by July

5, 1802, to

transmit a

duplicate to

the auditor

of the exche

quer.

to be prepared and kept for that purpose; and the said governor

and company for the time being, shall also, on or before the fifth

day of July one thousand eight hundred and two, transmit an

attested duplicate, fairly written on paper of the said book or

books, first herein-before mentioned, into the office of the audi-

tor of the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, there to remain

for ever.

Holders of

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be

bills detirous lawful to and for any person or persons who thall be possessed of

of subscribing sol for for every

any such exchequer bill or bills , and who shall be desirous of

Tool. of their subscribing or contributing the sum of fifty pounds for every one

value , may

hundred pounds principal fum contained in such bill or bills, to

make a de-

make a deposit on or before the first day of December one thou-

pofit of 251.

fand eight hundred and one, of twenty- five pounds per centum on

percent. by

Dec. 1, 1801,

such sum as he or she shall fo chuse to subscribe, with the chief

and pay the remainder by

cashier or cashiers of the governor and company of the bank of

England ; which cashier or cashiers is and are hereby appointed

instalments .

the receiver and receivers of such subscriptions or contributions,

( without any other warrant to be had on that behalf ), as a fecu-

rity for making the future payments on or before the days or

times, and in the proportions herein- after limited and appointed in

that behalf; that is to fay, the further fum of twenty-five pounds

per centum, on or before the eighteenth day of December one

thousand eight hundred and one, and the remaining sum of fifty

pounds per centum , on or before the fifteenth day of January one

thousand eight hundred and two.

IX. And

1801.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 8. 377

IX . And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Guardians

lawful for any guardian or trustee, having the disposition of the may contri-

bute for in.

money of any infant , to contribute and pay for or towards the fants .

purchase of the said annuities or any of them ; and such infant,

upon the payment of such sum or sums subscribed by such guar-

dian or trustee, shall become a contributor within the meaning

of this act, and be entitled to have and receive the annuities,

advantages, and payments in respect thereof , in such and the

like manner as any other contributor ; and the said guardian and

trustee, as to the said sum or fums so advanced, is hereby dif-

charged , so as the name of such infant be expressed in the re-

ceipt or receipts for such money.

X. And be it further enacted, That every contributor, paying Contributors

in the whole of the sums by them respectively subscribed as paying the

whole of their

aforesaid , at any time on or before the seventeenth day ofDe- fubscriptions

cember one thousand eight hundred and one, shall be entitled to on or before

an allowance of fo much money as the interest of each fun so Dec. 17, 1801,

paid in advance for completing his, her, or their contribution to be allowed discount.

respectively shall amount unto, after the rate of five pounds per

centum per annum for each instalment , from the day on which

such payment thall be made to the respective days on which such

instalment would have become payable in pursuance of this act,

which allowance is to be paid by the said cashier or cashiers out

of the money so contributed in pursuance of this act, as soon as

such respective contributors, their executors, administrators , fuc-

cessors, and assigns, shall have completed such payment.

Xl. And be it further enacted, That the said several subscrib- Subscribers

ers or contributors, their executors, administrators, successors, for every sol.

shall be en-

and assigns, shall, for every fifty pounds contributed and paid, titled to stock

be entitled to the principal sum of twelve pounds and ten shil- and an an-

lings in the said annuities after the rate of five pounds per centum nuityasherein

per annum ' ; to the principal fum of twenty-five pounds in the specified.

said annuities after the rate of four pounds per centum per annum ;

to the principal sum of twelve pounds and ten shillings in the

said consolidated annuities after the rate of three pounds per cen-

tum per annum ; to the principal fum oftwelve pounds and ten

Thillings in the said reduced annuities after the rate of three

pounds per centum per annum; and to an annuity of ten-pence

halfpenny , to continue for the said term of fifty - eight years and

three months, and then to cease; which said respective annuities

shall be payable and paid half-yearly, by even and equal portions, in such and the like manner as the annuities herein-before

granted are directed to be payable and paid , but shall not be

payable until the respective subscribers or contributors, their

executors, administrators , successors, or assigns, shall have completed the whole of the fums by them subscribed for the purchase

of the said annuities .

XII. And be it further enacted, That as soon as any contri-As soon as

butors, their executors, administrators, successors, or assigns, contributions

shall have completed their payments of such part of the whole are completed

thestock shall

fum payable by them respectively, as shall be payable in respect be placed to

of the credit of

378 Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. c. 8. [1801.

thefubfcribers of all or any of the said several annuities to which they respec-

which maybe tively shall become entitled, the principal fum or fums in the

assigned .

said respective annuities thall forthwith be in the books of the

bank of England placed to the credit of such respective contri-

butors, their executors, administrators , fuccessors, and assigns,

completing such payments respectively; and the person or per-

fons to whose credit such principal sums shall be so respectively

placed , their executors, administrators, successors, and assigns,

shall and may have power to assign and transfer the fame, or any

part, share, or proportion thereof , to any other person or per-

fons, body or bodies politick or corporate whatsoever , in the

Bank to pre-

books of the bank of England ; and the said governor and com-

parebooks

for entering pany of the bank of England are hereby required, as soon as

the names of conveniently may be after the passing of his act, to prepare pro-

contributors, per books for the purpose ofentering the names ofall such con-

and placing to tributors, and of placing to their credit the principal fums fo

their credit

the fums paid, paid by them respectively , and that such of the said contributors,

&c .

their executors , administrators, successors or assigns, who shall

complete the payments of such parts of the whole fum payable

by them respectively, as shall be payable in respect of any or

either of the said respective annuities, at any time before the

governor and company of the bank of England shall have pre-

pared their receipts according to the directions of this act , shall

be entitled to have the sums so paid forthwith placed to their

credit in thebooks of the bank of England; and the said governor

and company are hereby required to cause tuch sums to be forth-

with placed to the credit of the persons entitled to the annuities in

respect thereof in the books of the bank of England , and such

entries in the said books shall be in lieu of the receipts hereby

directed to be given for all fums paid in manner aforesaid ; and

such fums shall carry the said annuities after the rate of five

pounds per centum per annum, the said annuities after the rate of

four pounds per centum per annum, the said consolidated annuities

after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, the said re-

duced annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum per

annum, respectively redeemable by parliament; and the said an-

nuity of ten-pence half -penny , for fifty-eight years and three

months; and shall respectively be taken and deemed to be stock

transferrable according to the true intent and meaning of this

act, until redemption thereof in such manner as is herein- after

mentioned .

Contributors XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all

onpaying the

wholeof their and every such contributor or contributors, his, her, or their

subscription executors, administrators, successors, and assigns, who shall have

by Jan. 2, paid into the hands of the said cashier or cashiers the whole of

1802, thoteand shall his, her, or their contribution money , in respect of the said con-

nothave paid

solidated annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per

itby that

annum, on or before the second day of January one thousand eight

time , but

hundred and two, shall be entitled to have and receive on the

shall on com- pleating it

fifth day of January one thousand eight hundred and two, at the

within the

bank of England , the half-year's annuity after the rate ofthree

time pre- pounds

1801. ] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 8. 379

pounds per centum per annum, that shall become due on the said scribed by this

fifth day of January one thousand eight hundred and two ; and act, be entitled

to annuities

that all and every such contributor or contributors, his, her, or from certain

their executors , administrators, successors, and assigns, shall, on periods.

paying into the hands of the said cashier or cashiers the whole of

bis, her, or their contribution money, in respect of the said an-

nuities after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, or of

the said annuities after the rate of four pounds per centum per

annum , or of the said reduced annuities after the rate of three

pounds per centum per annum, or of the said annuity of ten-pence

half - penny , for fifty-eight years and three months, be entitled to

have and receive on the fifth day of Aprilone thousand eight

hundred and two, at the bank of England , the respective half-

year's annuities that shall become due on the said fifth day of

April one thousand eight hundred and two; and that all and

every person or persons who shall not have compleated the whole

1

of their said payments, in respect of the said consolidated annui-

ties, on or before the said second day of January one thousand

eight hundred and two, shall, on compleating the fame within

the time in this act prescribed, be entitled to receive the year's

annuity in the said consolidated annuities, from the fifth day of

July one thousand eight hundred and one to the fifthday of July

one thousand eight hundred and two, according to the true in-

tent and meaning of this act.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all the said annuities Annuities

shall be charged and chargeable upon and payable out of the payable outof

the consoli-

consolidated fund of Great Britain, after paying or reserving datedfund

sufficient to pay all such sums of money as have been directed by of Great

any former act or acts of parliament to be paid out of the fame ; Britain.

and that the said several annuities of five pounds per centum per

annum, of four pounds per centum per annum, and ot three pounds

per centum per annum respectively, shall be subject to redemption

byparliament in manner herein- after mentioned.

XV. And whereas the governor and company of the bank of England arepoffeffed of certain exchequer bills made out by virtue of the

acts herein-before mentioned, amounting in the whole to the sum of

two millions three hundred eighty-one thousand and two hundred

pounds ; be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Application of themoney

for the said governor and company of the bank of England, and that shall be

they are hereby directed and required, to pay into the receipt of paid to the

his Majesty's exchequer at Westminster so much of the monies bank.

herein directed to be paid to the cashier or cashiers of the said

governor and company, as shall be sufficient to satisfy and dif-

charge all interest which shall have become due , on and up to

the twenty-eighth day of November one thousand eight hundred

and one , for and in respect of all the exchequer bills that shall

have been delivered into the said office of the paymaster of the

exchequer bills, under and pursuant to the provisions of this act ;

and after paying such sum and sums of money as aforesaid , then

it shall be lawful for the said governor and company to retain

fo much of the monies herein directed to be paid to the cashier

or

380 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 8. [1801 .

or cashiers of the said governor and company, as shall be fuf-

ficient to satisfy and discharge the exchequer bills in the poffef-

fion of the said governor and company as aforesaid, and all

interest due thereupon; and all such exchequer bills shall be

received at the receipt of the exchequer in discharge of the said

monies, or any part thereof : provided always, That incase any

surplus shall remain in the hands of the said cashier or cashiers

beyond the sum necessary to discharge the said exchequer bills,

and the interest thereof as aforesaid, then and in such case, the

said cashier or cashiers shall, and he or they is and are hereby

directed and required forthwith to pay the same into the receipt

of his Majesty's exchequer at Westminster, to be applied in the

payment and discharge of all such exchequer bills, together

with the interest thereon, as shall not have been converted into

annuities in pursuance of this act; and the residue, if any, shall

be applied towards such services for Great Britain as shall have

been or shall be voted in this session of parliament.

XVI. And , for the more easy and fure payment of the annuities

Bank to

established by this act, it is hereby further enacted, That the said

appoint a

governor and company of the bank of England , and their suc-

cashier and an cessors, thall from time to time , appoint and employ one or

accountant

general.

more sufficient person or persons, within their office, in the city

of London, to be their chief or first cashier or cashiers, and one

other person or persons within the same office, to be their ac-

Moneytobe

issued at the

exchequerfor

payment of

annuities .

countant general , and thatso much of the monies, from time

to time , being in the receipt of the exchequer of the said consolidated fund , by this act made applicable for that purpose, as

shall be sufficient to answer the said annuities, shall, by the

order of the commissioners of the treasury, or any three or more

of them, or the high treasurer for the time being , without any

further or other warrant to be fued for , had, or obtained, in that

behalf , from time to time , at the respective days of payment in

this act appointed, be issued and paid at the said receipt of the

exchequer, to the first or chief cashier or cashiers of the said

governor and company of the bank of England , and their successors for the time being, by way of imprest and upon account

Cahier to pay for the payment of the said annuities; and that such cashier or

themwithout cashiers to whom the said monies shall from time to time be

delay .

issued, shall, from time to time, without delay, apply and pay

the fame accordingly , and render his or their accounts thereof

according to the due course of the exchequer.

Accountant

general to

examine the

cashier's

vouchers.

XVII. And it is hereby also enacted, That the said accountant

general for the time being, shall, from time to time, inspect and

examine all receipts and payments of the said cashier or cashiers ,

and the vouchers relating thereto, in order to prevent any fraud,

negligence or delay .

Contributors

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That such contributors

paying the

whole of

duly paying the whole fum so subscribed at or before the re-

their subscrip.

spective times in this act limited in that behalf , and their respec-

tions, to be

tive executors, administrators, successors, and assigns, shall have,

entitled to

their annui-

receive, and enjoy , and be entitled by virtue of his act to have,

ties, which

receive , and enjoy, the said several annuities by this act granted

1 in

1

1801.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 8. 381

in respect of the sum so subscribed , and shall have good and shall be tax-

but

fure interests and estates therein, according to the several pro- freese part

visions in this act contained; and that the said several annuities only has been

shall be free from all taxes, charges, and impositions whatsoever : paid , it shall

provided always, That in case any such contributors who thall be forfeited.

payto the said cashier or cashiers any fum or fums of money, at

the time and in the manner herein- before mentioned, in part of

the sum or sums so by them respectively subscribed, or their respective executors, administrators, fuccessors, or assigns , shall not

advance and pay to the said cashier or cashiers the residue of the

fum or fums so subscribed at the times and in the manner before

mentioned, then and in every such case so much of the respective fum or sums so subscribed as shall have been actually

paid in part thereof to the said cathier or cashiers, shall be for-

feited for the benefit of the publick, and all right and title to

the said several annuities , or either of them, in respect thereof ,

shall be extinguished ; any thing in this act contained to the

contrarythereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That all the exchequer bills sl. percents.

and monies converted into annuities after the rate offive pounds under this

act, to be

per centum per annum , by virtue of this act, or intended so to be, addedto the

shall be deemed, reputed, and taken to be, one capital or joint sl. per cents.

stock , and shall be added to and made part of thejoint stock of

annuities with, and shall be redeemable at the same time and in

like manner as the annuities carrying an interest after the rate

of five pounds per centum per annum, established by an act made

in the thirty- seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty ;

and that all and every person or persons, and corporations what-

foever, in proportion to the money to which he, she, or they

shall become entitled as aforesaid, by virtue of this act, shall

have or be deemed to have a proportional interest and share in

the said stock of annuities, at the rate aforesaid.

XX. And be it further enacted, That all the exchequer bills 41.percents.

and monies converted into annuities after the rate of four pounds to be added

per centum per annum, by virtue of this act, or intended fo tobe, cents .

to the41. per

shall be deemed, reputed, and taken to be , one capital or joint

stock, and shall be added to and made part of the joint stock of

annuities, transferrable at the bank of England , into which the

several sums carrying an interest after the rate of four pounds

per centum per annum, were by two acts made in the twentieth

and twenty- first years of the reign of his present Majesty, and

by several subsequent acts converted, and shall be deemed part

of the faidjoint stock of annuities, subject nevertheless to re-

demption by parliament, in such manner, and upon such notice,

as in the said acts are directed in respect of the annuities redeem-

able by virtue of the said acts; and that all and every person

and persons, and corporations whatsoever , in proportion to the

money to which he, she, or they shall become entitled as aforesaid , by virtue of this act, shall have and be deemed to have a

proportional interest and share in the said joint stock of annuities,

at the rate aforesaid.

XXI. And

1

382 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 8. [1801 .

31. per cents. XXI. And be it further enacted, That all the exchequer bills

contols, to be and monies converted into annuities after the rate of three

added to the

31. per cents , pounds per centum per annum , by virtue of this act , or intended

consols.

so to be, shall be deemed, reputed , and taken to be one capital

or joint stock, and shall be added to and made part of the joint

stock of annuities transferrable at the bank of England, into

which the several sums, carrying an interest after the rate of

three pounds per centum per annum, were, by several acts made

in the twenty-fifth, twenty-eighth, twenty-ninth, thirty- second,

and thirty- third years of the reign of his late majesty King

George the Second, and by several subsequent acts consolidated ,

and shall be deemed part of the said joint stock of annuities,

subject nevertheless to the redemption by parliament, in such

manner, and upon such notice , as in the said act made in the

twenty-fifth year of his said late Majesty's reign, is directed in

respect of the several and respective annuities redeemable by

virtue of the said act ; and that all and every person and persons,

and corporations whatsoever, in proportion to the money to

which he, she, or they shall become entitled as aforesaid, by

virtue of this act, shall have and be deemed to have a propor-

tional interest and share in the said joint stock of annuities, at

the rates aforesaid.

31 per cents.

XXII. And be it further enacted , That all the exchequer

reduced to be

bills and monies converted into reduced annuities after the rate

added to the

3l. per cents.

ofthree pounds per centum per annum , by virtue of this act, or

reduced:

intended so to be, thall be added to the joint stock of annuities

transferrable at the bank of England , which by an act made in

the twenty-third year of the reign of his late Majesty were re-

duced from four pounds per centum per annum to three pounds

per centum per annum, and shall be deemed part of the said joint

stock of annuities, subject nevertheless to redemption by parliament, in such manner and upon such notice as in the several

acts by which the said annuities after the rate of four pounds

per centum per annum were respectively granted, are directed in

respect of the annuities redeemable by virtue thereof , and that

all and every person and persons and corporations whatsoever, in

proportion to the money to which he, she, or they shall become

entitled as aforesaid by virtue of this act, shall have and be

deemed to have a proportional interest and share in the said joint

stock of annuities , at the rate aforesaid.

and the an-

nuities to be

XXIII . And be it further enacted, That all the said annui-

ties, after the respective rates of one shilling and nine-pence,

added to the

and ten-pence halfpenny per annum, to continue for a certain

annuities

granted by

term of fifty-eight years and three months, from the tenth day

•

two acts of

of October one thousand eight hundred and one, and then to

the Ift and ad cease, to which any person or persons, bodies politick and cor-

years of

porate, shall be entitled by virtue of this act, shall be added to

his present Majesty.

and made one joint stock, with certain annuities which by two

acts made in the first and second years of the reign of his present Majesty were granted and made payable at the bank of

England , for the respective terms of ninety-nine years and

ninety

1801.) Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III . c. 8. 383

ninety -eight years, from the fifth day of January one thousand

seven hundred and sixty-one and one thousand seven hundred

and sixty- two respectively , and then to cease, and which said

respective annuities were consolidated, and made one joint stock

of annuities by divers acts made in the reign of his present

Majesty, and shall be paid, payable, and transferrable, at the

fame time and times, and in like manner with the said annuities

granted by the said acts .

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That all persons who shall Annuities to

be deemed

be entitled to any of the annuities herebygranted, and all per- personal

sons lawfully claiming under them, shall be possessed thereof as estate .

of a personal estate , which shall not be descendible to heirs ,

nor liable to any foreign attachment by the custom of London

or otherwise, any law, statute, or custom to the contrary not-

withstanding.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the said respective Transfers of

capitals or joint stocks, or any share or interest in either ofannuities

them, and the proportional ,annuities attendingthe fame, shall be may bemade,

abook

assignable and transferrable as this act directs, and not otherwise, shall be kept

and that there shall constantly be kept in the office of the said ac- bythe accountant general for the time being within the city of London, a countant

book or books wherein all assignments or transfers of the said general for

entering

respective capitals or joint stocks, or any part thereof , and the them .

proportional annuities attending the fame at the rate aforesaid,

shall be entered and registered, which entries shall be conceived

in proper words for that purpose, and shall be signed by the

parties making such assignments or transfers ; or if any such

party or parties be absent, by his, her, or their attorney or attor-

nies thereunto lawfully authorised by writing under his, her, or

their hands and seals , to be attested by two or more credible

witnesses, and that the person or persons to whom any such

transfer shall be made, shall respectively underwrite his, her , or

their acceptance thereof , and that no other method of affligning

or transferring the said respective capitals or joint stocks, and

No stamp

the annuities attending the fame, or any part thereof , or any duties be

interest therein , shall be good and available in law, and that charged

no stamp duties whatsoever shall be charged on the said tranf- thereon .

fers , or any of them: provided always, That all persons pof- Annuities

sessed of any share or interest in any of the said severaljoint may be de-

stocks of annuities, or any estate or interest therein, may devise vised by will.

the same by will in writing, attested by two or more credible

witnesses; but that no payment shall be made upon any such

devise , until so much of the said will as relates to such estate,

share , or interest, be entered in their respective offices, and that

in default of such transter or devise as aforesaid, such share,

estate , or interest shall go to the executors, administrators, fuc-

cessors, and assigns .

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any person or Penalty for

persons shall forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forging cer-

forged or counterfeited , or shall willingly act or assist in the tificates, &c.

forging or counterfeiting any certificate or certificates, receipt

or

384 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 8. [1801 .

or receipts, directed to be made out by this act, or any afsign-

ment thereof or indosement thereon, or shall alter any number,

figure , or word, in any such certificate or receipt, or in any

assignment thereof , or indorsement thereon, or utter or publish

as true any such false, forged, counterfeited, or altered certificate or certificates, receipt or receipts, or assignment or assign-

ments thereof, or indorsement or indorsements thereon, with

intent to defraud his Majesty, or the governor and company of

the bank of England , or any body politick or corporate , or any

person or persons whatsoever, every such person or persons fo

forging or counterfeiting, or causing or procuring to be forged

or counterfeited, or willingly acting or assisting in the forging or

counterfeiting, or altering, uttering, or publishing as aforesaid,

being thereof convicted in due form of law , shall be adjudged

guilty of felony and shall suffer death as a felon, without benefit

ofclergy .

Bank to con-

XXVII. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted, That

tinue a cor-

the said governor and company of the bank of England , and

porationtill annuities are

their fuccessors , notwithstanding the redemption of all or any

redeemed.

of their own funds in pursuance of the acts for establishing the

fame, or any of them, shall continue a corporation for the purposes of this act until all the said annuities shall be redeemed as

aforesaid, and the said governor and company, or any member

thereof, shall not incur any disability for, or by reason of his

or their doing any matter or thing in pursuance of this act.

Penalty for

XXVIII. And it is hereby enacted , That no fee, reward , or

taking fees

forcomputing gratuity whatsoever shall be demanded or taken for computing

interest , cancelling bills, &c.

the interest on the said bills, or for receiving, taking in, or can-

celling , the said bills or any of them, or for granting certificates

in lieu thereof as aforesaid , or for issuing the monies for paying

the said annuities, or any of them, or for any transfer of any

sum great or small , to be made in pursuance of this act, upon

pain that any officer or person offending by taking or demanding

any fee or gratuity contrary to this act shall, for every offence,

forfeit the sum of twenty pounds to the party grieved, to be re-

covered with full costs of suit, by action of debt, bill, plaint, or

information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, wherein no essoign, protection, privilege, or wager of

law , injunction or order of restraint, or any more than one im-

parlance shall be granted or allowed.

Treasury may

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That

reward per-

the commissioners of the treasury, or any three or more of them

fons employednow being, or the high treasurer, or any three or more of the

inexecuting commissioners of the treasury for the time being, shall have

this

power, and they are hereby authorised, out of the said confo-

lidated fund, to reward all such persons as shall be any ways employed in the execution of this act, for their service, pains, and

labour , and also to defray such incident charges as shall necef-

farily attend the fame, and also to settle and appoint such allow-

ances as they shall think proper for the service, pains, and labour

of the cashier or cashiers of the said governor and company of the

1801. ) Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III . C. 11. 385

the bank of England, for receiving, paying, and accounting for

the ad annuities made payable by this act , and also for the

ene , pains and trouble of the said accountant general of the

badgovernor and company for performing the duty and trust

incumbent on or reposed in him by this act, all which allow-

ances to be made as aforesaid, in respect of the service, pains ,

and labour of any officer or officers of the said governor and

company of the bank of England thall be for the ule and benefit

of the said governor and company, and at their disposal only,

any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

1

XXX. And be it further enacted, That if any person or

persons shall at any time or times be sued, molested, or profe-

cuted , for any thing by him or them done or executed in pur-

fuance of this act, or of any matter or thing therein contained ,

such person or persons shall and may plead the general issue, General issue.

and give the special matter in evidence for his or their defence ;

and if a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the

paintiff or plaintiffs thall discontinue his or their action, or be

nonsuited , or judgement shall be given against him or them

upon demurrer or otherwise, then such defendant or defendants

thall have treble costs to him or them awarded against such Treble costs .

plaintiff or plaintiffs .

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That this act may beAct maybe

variedor altered by any act to be passed in this session of par- session.

altered this

lament .

CAP. IX.

An act for raising the fum of five millions by loans or exchequer bills,

for the service of the united kingdom, for the year one thousand eight

hundred and two .-[ December 11, 1801.]

Commissioners of the treasury may raise 5,000,000l. by loans and exche-

querbiils in like manner as is prescribed by the malt act of his session,

C.1. concerning loans, &c. The clauses, &c . in the said act relating to

Lans or exchequer bills, extended to this act. Exchequer bills to bear

in interest not exceeding three pence per cent. per diem. Exchequer

Aals fo issued not to be received again in payment of any taxes ; nor ex-

Changed before January 5, 1803. Principal and interest, with charges,

to be repaid out of the first supplies to be granted in the next session .

Monies issuedout of the consolidated fund to be replaced out of the firit

upplies Bank of England authorised to advance the said fum on the

Ireland .

it of his act . Treasury may remit 1,000,000l. for the service of

CAP. X. :

dad to revive and continue, until the first day of January one thou

find eight hundred and three , an act made in the thirty - third year of

the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for the relief of the

captors of goods in this kingdom-[December 11 , 1801. ]

prizes with respect to the bringing and landingcertainprize

CAP. ΧΙ.

In alt to remove certain restraints upon the correspondence by letter

betweenpersons residing in Great Britain and lieland, and persons

VOL,XLIII.

resting in certainforeign countries.- [December 11 , 1801. ]

Cc WHEREAS

Arno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 12. [1801 ,

WHEREASfince the eleventh day of February, which was in the

year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and ninety-thret,

certain restraints have been imposed by divers alts of the parliaments

of Great Britain and Ireland respectively, upon the correspondence by

letter between persons residing in Great Britain and Ireland respectively , and persons residing in certain foreign countries in those

acts specified: and whereas it is expedient that all such restraints

should beforthwith removed and withdrawn ; be it therefore enacted

and declared by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with

the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and

Restraints upon corref .

commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by theau-

pondence with thority of the fame, That all such restraints small henceforth

persons in cease and determine, and be and be deemed to be void, and of

foreign coun- no effect whatsoever.

tries void.

II . Provided always, That this act may be altered, varied ,

Act may be

altered this

or repealed, by any act or acts to be passed in this session of

session.

parliament .

CỦA P. XII .

An alt to regulate, until the twenty - fifth day of March one thousand

eight hundred and three, the number of private militia men in the

several counties, ridings, and places, therein mentioned ; and for

supplying of vacancies in the militia. -[ December 11, 1801.]

HEREAS it is expedient that provision should

WH be made , in

due time , for the supplying of vacancies in the militia : and

whereas doubts have arisen as to the number of private militia men

to serve for the several counties, ridings , and places herein- after

mentioned , and it is therefore expedient that the fame should be regulatedfor a limited period: may it therefore please your Majesty

that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most

excellent majesty , by and with the advice and consent of the

Jords spiritual and temporal , and commons, in this present par-

Fromdifem- bodying the

liament assembled , and by the authority of the same, That,

from and after the disembodying of the militia, the numbers of

militia , the numbers of

menwho shall serve as private militia men, for the several coun-

mento serve

ties, ridings, and places herein -after mentioned, shall be as

for England and Wales

follows, that is to fay: For the county of Bedford , two hundred

shall be as

and thirty-eight ; for the county of Berks , four hundred and

hereinspeci-

twenty one; for the county of Bucks , four hundred and forty-

fied .

nine ; for the county of Cambridge , three hundred and sixty-one;

for the county of Chester , and the city and county of the city of

Chester , six hundred and sixty - four; for the county of Cornwal

four hundred and eighty -five ; for the county of Cumberland , four

hundred and sixty-one; for the county of Derby, seven hundred

and four; for the county of Deusn, with the city and county of

the city of Exeter, one thousand one hundred and thirty -four ;

for the county ofDorfet, with the town and county of the town

ofPoole , three hundred and eight; for the county of Durham,

three hundred andfixty -nine; for the county ofEffex, nine hundred

and

1801.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III . c. 12. 387

and thirty-three; for the county ofGloucester, with the city and

county of the city of Gloucester , and the city and county of the

city ofBristol , eight hundred and seventy -two; for the county

of Hereford , three hundred and ninety; for the county of Hert-

ford , three hundred and sixty; for the county of Huntingdon,

one hundred and nineteen; for the county of Kent, with the

city and county of the city of Canterbury, nine hundred and

seventy-two; for the county of Lancaster, one thousand eight

hundred and thirty ; for the county of Leicester , four hundred

and eighty- two; for the county of Lincoln, with the city and

county of the city of Lincoln, one thousand and twenty-six ; for

the county of Middlesex, exclusive of the tower division, commonly called The Tower Hamlets, two thousand two hundred

and seventy-nine; for the county of Monmouth, two hundred

and ten ; for the county of Norfolk, with the city and county of

the city of Norwich, nine hundred and seven; for the county of

Northampton, five hundred and forty-three; for the county of

Northumberland, with the town and county of the town of New-

castle- upon-Tyne, and the town of Berwick- upon-Tweed, four hundred and eighty-seven; for the county of Nottingham, with

the town and county of the town of Nottingham, four hundred

andtwenty-three; for the county of Oxford , four hundred and

fifty - two; for the county of Rutland, sixty-two ; for the county

of Salop, seven hundred and forty-three; for the county of

Somerset, one thousand one hundred and sixty-seven ; for the

county of Southampton, with the town and county of the town

of Southampton, six hundred and thirty-eight ; for the county of

Stafford , with the city and county of the city of Litchfield , eight

hundred and fifty ; for the county of Suffolk, seven hundred and

eighty-two; for the county of Surrey, one thousand and two ;

for the county of Sussex , six hundred and two; for the county

of Warwick, with the city and county of the city of Coventry,

six hundred and forty; for the county of Westmoreland , one hun-

dredand eighty-two; for the county of Wilts, six hundred and

eighty -eight; for the county of Worcester, with the city and

i .

county of the city of Worcester, four hundred and sixty- two;

for the west riding of the county of York, with the city and

county of the city of York, one thousand eight hundred and

1

"

twenty -two; for the north riding of the county of York, fix

hundred and eighty-three; for the east riding of the said county ,

with the townand county of the town of Kingston- upon-Hull ,

four hundred and twenty-three; for the county of Anglesea,

one hundred and forty-eight; for the county of Brecon, one

hundred and fifty -three; for the county of Cardigan, one hundred and eighty-three; for the county of Carmarthen, with the

countyborough of Carmarthen, three hundred and four ; for the

county of Carnarvon, ninety- fix ; for the county of Denbigh,

twohundred and fifty-eight; for the county of Flint , one hundred and fifty- one; for the county of Glamorgan, three hundred

and two ; for the county of Merioneth, ninety-one ; for the

county of Montgomery, two hundred and nine; for the county

CC2 of

388 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 12. [ 1801 .

1

of Pembroke, with the town and county of the town ofHaver-

fordwest, one hundred and fifty -one; for the county ofRadnor ,

one hundred and five; any thing in any act or acts of parliament to the contrary thereof notwithstanding .

Somany of

the men as

II. And be it further enacted, That so many of the men as

are now ferv-

are now serving as private militia men for the several counties,

ing shallcon-

ridings, and places aforesaid, shall continue to serve in the fame

tinueto serve

manner, and for the fame length of time , as they ought to have

as if this act

had not been

served if this act had not been made ; and from time to time,

made, and

in every cate where it shall be requisite to supply any deficiency

deficiencies

in the number of private militia men of any county, riding, or

shall befup-

place , the man or number of men required to supply such

pliedaccord-

Ing to 26Geo.

deficiency, shall be raised, provided , and inrolled, and shall

3. C. 107 ;

serve, in the manner and for the time directed by and under

and according to the provisions, rules, and regulations, contained and prescribed in an act, passed in the twenty-sixth year

of the reign of his present Majesty , intituled , An attfor amend-

ing and reducing into one act of parliament, the laws relating to the

militia, in that part of Great Britain called England.

but for Mid-

dlesex and

Surrey they

shall be fup-

plied accord-

ing to the

last recited

act, and

39 Geo. 3 .

C. 90.

III. Provided always, That the private militia men to be

raised and supplied in and by the respective counties of Middle-

fex and Surrey, shall be raised according to the provisions, rules,

and regulations of the last recited act, together with and under

and subject to the amendments, provisions, rules, and regulations, contained and prescribed in an act , passed in the thirty-

ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled , An at

to amend two arts passed in the twenty- sixth and thirty - seventh years

of the reign of bis present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the

militia of the counties of Middlesex and Surrey; and for applying

certain monies remaining in the bands of the clerks to the deputy

lieutenants of the county of Middlesex, and other persons, towards

His Majesty maydirect

the completing of the said militia.

such officers,

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for

non- commif- his Majesty , by any order signified by his Majesty's secretary of

fionedofficers , state, to direct such officers ,serjeants, corporals, and drummers ,

and drum-

mers, serving actually serving or liable to serve in any regiment , battalion, or

or liable to

corps of militia, at the time of the disembodying thereof , to be

serve at the

time of diff

retained , and for so long time as his Majesty shall think fit, as

officers , serjeants, corporals, and drummers respectively of such

embodying any regiment, regiment , battalion, or corps, although by reason thereof the

ashe shall number of officers, serjeants, corporals, and drummers respec-

think fit, tobe tively , of any such regiment , battalion, or corps, shall exceed

retained , the proportion of officers, serjeants, corporals, and drummers

though there- respectively limited for any regiment , battalion, or corps of

bythepro- portion militia, by any act or acts of parliament now in force concern-

Timitedshall ing the saine ; and all serjeants, corporals, and drummers, fo

beexceeded, retained as aforesaid, beyond the proportion limited, shall be

and the non-

commissioned entitled to such pay and cloathing, and shall be billetted and

officers and

lodged in the same manner, as the rest of the serjeants, corpo-

drummers fo rals, and drummers of the militia, when disembodied, are paid,

retained shallcloathed ,

1801.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. C. 13. 389

cloathed , billetted , and lodged ; any thing in any act or acts to be entitled to

thecontrary thereof notwithstanding. pay ,&c.

V. And be it further enacted, That all powers, provisions, Powers of 26

rules, regulations, penalties, forfeitures, bounties, allowances, or any act of

Geo. 3. C. 107 .

clauses, matters, and things, contained in the said act of the last seffion re-

twenty-sixth year of his present Majesty's reign , or in any act lative to pay-

passed in the last seffion of parliament , relative to the paying , ing, cloathing,

orfubfifting

cloathing , or subsisting the militia , shall extend and be applied the militia ,

to, and practised and put in execution, with respect to the shall extend to

militia men who shall serve for the several counties, ridings, and this act.

places herein - before mentioned, and also with respect to the

officers , serjeants, corporals, and drummers, who shall be retained under and by virtue of this act, in as full and ample a

manner as if all the said powers, provisions, rules, regulations,

penalties, forfeitures, bounties, allowances, clauses, matters, and

things, were again repeated and re-enacted in this act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That so much of this act as Continuance

relates to the number of men to serve for the several counties, of act so far

as relates to

ridings, and places before- mentioned, shall continue in force the number of

until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hun- mento serve.

dredand three, and no longer ; and that this act may be altered ,

varied , or repealed, by any act or acts to be pasled in this

session of parliament.

CAP. XIII.

An act to continue until the first day of January one thousand eight

hundred and three , and amend an act of the thirty -ninth year of

the reign of his present Majesty, for prohibiting the exportation,

andpermitting the importation of corn, and for allowing the im-

portation of other articles of provision without payment of duty ;

and to continue for the same period , an act of the last fession of

parliamentfor prohibiting the exportations from Ireland of corn or

potatoes , or other provisions, and for permitting the importation inta

Ireland of corn, fish, and provisions, without payment of duty. -

[December 11 , 1801. ]

WHEREAS the laws herein- after mentioned have by experience

been found useful and beneficial , and it is expedient that the

fameshould be further continued, be it therefore enacted by the

King'smost excellent majesty , by and with the advice and con-

fent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this

present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same,

That an act made in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his 39Geo. 3.

present Majesty, intituled, An att for enabling his Majesty to pro- Continted

c. 87. further

bibit the exportation and permit the importation of corn, and for Jan. 1, 1803.

allowing the importation of other articles ofprovision without payment

of duty , to continue inforce untilfix weeks after the commencement of

the nextfeffion of parliament; which act was continued by an act

of the thirty-ninth and fortieth years of the reign of his present

Majesty , and further continued and amended by another act

passed in the same session of parliament, and also further continued

CC3

390 Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. C. 14. [1801.

tinuedby an act of the forty- first year of the reign of his present

Majesty, until the expiration of forty days after the commencement of the present session of parliament , shall be and the fame

is hereby further continued until the first day of January one

thousand eight hundred and three.

His Majesty

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for his

in council may

Majesty, his heirs and successors, and he and they is and are

prohibit the exportation of any arti-

hereby authorised , with the advice of his or their privy council ,

during the continuance of this act, from time to time, when and

cles ofprovi- as often as the same shall be judged expedient, to prohibit gene-

fion, &c. rally, or under and subject to such restrictions, regulations, and

provisions, as shall be specified by his said Majesty in any order

in council, the exportation from any part of the united king-

dom of any articles of provision, and in like manner to recall

such prohibition either in part or in the whole, or to make any

new regulations, restrictions, and provisions, relating thereto ,

as circumstances may require ; any thing in any act or acts of

parliament to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

So much of

III. And be it further enacted, That so much of an act made

41 Geo. 3 .

c . 36. as ena-

in the last sefsion of parliament, intituled, An act for enabling the

bles the lord lieutenant of

lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland, to

prohibit for a limited time, so as such prohibition shall not endure

Ireland to

prohibit the

beyond the expiration offix weeks from the commencement of the next

exportation session of parliament, the exportation from Ireland ofcorn or pota-

ofprovi- toes, and of all provisions whatsoever , and to permit for such limited

fions , and to time the importation into Ireland of corn and fish , and all provisions

permit the whatsoever, without payment of duty ; and for indemnifying such

importation thereof with. persons as have acted for the service of the publick, in advising or

outpayment carrying into execution , certain proclamations of the lord lieutenant

of duty shall

and council of Ireland, as enables the lord lieutenant, or other

becontinued till Jan. 1,

chief governor or governors of Ireland, to prohibit the exporta-

1803.

tion from Ireland of corn or potatoes, and of all provisions

whatsoever ; and to permit the importation into Ireland , of corn

and fith , and all provisions whatsoever, without payment ofduty,

shall be and the fame is hereby continued until the first day of

January one thousand eight hundred and three .

CAP. XIV.

An act to permit, until the first day of July one thousand eight hundred and two, the making ofstarch from rice or potatoes, or any

mixture thereof, and the importation of any such starch from

Ireland free of duty. -[December 15, 1801. ]

HEREAS W it is expedient to permit and encourage the making

of starch from potatoes or rice , or any mixture thereof; be it

therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and

with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal,

and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the

1

1

For 6months

from Jan. 1.

1802, starch

maybemade

authority of the same, That, from and after the first day of

January one thousand eight hundred and two, for and during

the space of six calendar months, it shall and maybe lawful to and

!

1801. ] Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III.C.14. 391

and for any person or persons to make or manufacture starch from potatoes

or

waly from potatoes or rice , or from any mixture of potatoes free, at any

rice , duty

and rice , at any established manufactory of starch duly entered manufactory

with the excise, on or immediately before the twenty-fifth day entered with

of March one thousand eight hundred , without incurring any the excise, on

penalty or forfeiture for so doing, and without being subject to or before March 25,

or charged or chargeable with anyduty for starch fo madewholly 1800.

from potatoes orrice , or from any mixture of potatoes and rice

as aforesaid ; any thing in this or any other act or acts of parliament to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding : provided

always, That every person intending to take the benefit of this

Previous no-

or

act , thall, four days at least before he, the, they shall begin

tice ofinten-

to make or manufacture any starch from potatoes or rice, or any

tion to manufacture such

mixture thereof , give notice in writing at the next office of ex- starch to be

cife , within the limits whereof his, her, or their starch manu- given at the

factory shall be situated, of his intention so to do .

proper office.

II . And be it further enacted, That during the continuance Nodutytobe

of his act no duty of excise shall be charged or chargeable for or charged for

such starch on

in respect of starch made in Ireland wholly from rice or pota- importation

toes , or from any mixture of rice and potatoes, on the impor- from Ireland.

tation of such starch into Great Britain ; any thing in any act of

parliament to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

III . And be it further enacted, That all and singular the pro- Provisions of

visions, rules, regulations, powers, authorities, matters, and acts relative to

the duties on

things , and all pains, penalties , and forfeitures contained in starch not

any act or acts of parliament now in force relative to the duties hereby altered

of excise on starch, except so far as the same shall be expressly to remain in

repealed or altered by this act, shall be and remain in full force force.

and effect, to all intents and purposes whatever.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no person or persons No person

shall, during the time he, she, or they shall make or manufac- making such

shalluse

ture starch from potatoes or rice, or from any mixture thereof , any wheat,

or during the time in which any operation, or preparation for &c. for

the making of starch from potatoes or rice, or from any mixture making starch

thereof , shall be depending or carrying on in or upon his , her, sool.;

onpenalty of

or their premises, employ or make use of any wheat, barley, or

other corn or grain, or any meal or flour, either mixed or un-

mixed , in or for the making of starch ; and if any person or

persons shall employ or make use of any wheat, barley, or other

corn or grain, or any meal or flour, either mixed or unmixed,

inor for the making of starch , contrary to the true intent and

meaning of this act , every person so offending shall, for every

such offence, forfeit the sum of five hundred pounds.

V. And be it further enacted, That no inaker or makers ofnor have in

starch , during the time he, she, or they shall make or manufac- his custody

more than

ture starch from potatoes or rice, or from any mixture thereof , four bushels

shall be permitted to have in or upon his, her, or their premises, of wheat, &c.

or in his , her, or their custody or poslession any quantity of on like penal-

wheat, barley , meal, or flour exceeding the quantity of four ty and for-

feiture of thebushels, on pain of forfeiting all such wheat, barley , meal, or wheat, &c.

flour , together with the sacks, casks, or other packages containing

CC4

392 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III . c. 14. [ 1801 .

ing the fame, and also the sum of five hundred pounds ; and all

such wheat , barley, meal, and flour, and also the sacks, casks,

or other packages containing the fame , shall and may be seized

Commission by any officer or officers of excise.

ers of excise VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be law-

mayalter stamps for

ful to and for the commissioners of excise, or the major part of

them respectively , and they are hereby required to cause such

distinguishing alteration of or addition to be made to the stamp or stamps,

starch made

from rice or

seal or seals, now used for denoting the payment of the duty on

potatoes.

starch, as they thall judge proper or expedient for ascertaining and

distinguishing all starch which shall or may be made under the

authority or by virtue of this act from rice or potatoes, or from

Penalty for

any mixture thereof; and if any person or persons shall at any

counterfeiting time forge or counterfeit any such stamp or seal so altered as

stamps, &c.

aforesaid, or small at any time forge or counterfeit any stamp or

seal to resemble any stamp or seal which shall be provided in

pursuance of this act for stamping or fealing starch made and

papered after the commencement and during the continuance of

this act, or shall counterfeit or resemble the impression of the

fame upon the papers containing starch as aforesaid, then every

person so offending, being thereof convicted in due form oflaw,

Penalty for

shall be adjudged a felon, and shall suffer death as in cafes of

selling starch felony , without benefit of clergy; and if any person or persons

with counter- thall at any time fell any starch with any such forged or coun-

feitstamps, terfeit stamp, or seal, or impression thereon, knowing the fame

&c. to be forged and counterfeited, or shall knowingly fix or cause

to be fixed any paper stamped according to this act to any piece

of starch, other than that which was originally inclosed in such

paper, every person so offending shall, for every such offence,

forfeit the fum of five hundred pounds .

No drawback

to be allowed

on starch exported, &c.

VII. And be it further enacted, That no drawback or allow-

ance shall be made, given, or granted, on any account what-

foever, for or in respect of any starch which shall or may be

exported, or used, or employed in any manufactory, or for any

other purpose whatsoever ; any thing in this or any other act or

acts of parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

Howpenalties

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all penalties and for-

maybere-

covered and

feitures by this act imposed shall be sued for, recovered, levied,

how disposed

or mitigated by such ways, means, or methods as any fine,

of .

penalty, or forfeiture may be fued for, recovered, levied , or

mitigated by any law or laws of excise, or by action of debt,

bill, plaint, or information in any of his Majesty's courts of re-

cord at Westminster, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland

respectively, and that one moiety of every such fine, penalty, or

forfeiture shall be to his Majesty , his heirs and successors, and

the other moiety to him or them who shall inform, discover, or

fue for the fame.

Powers of

IX. And be it further enacted, That all and every the powers

Car. 2. c. 24 , and directions, rules, penalties, forfeitures, clauses , matters, and

&c . to extend things which in and by an act, made in the twelfth year of the

to this act.

reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An alt for taking

away

1801.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III.c. 15. 393

away the court ofwards and liveries, and tenures in capite , and by

knights service and purveyance, and for fettling a revenue upon his

Majesty in lieu thereof ; or by any other law now in force relating

to his Majesty's revenue of excise, are provided and established

for managing, raising, levying , collecting, mitigating , or re-

covering , adjudging, or ascertaining the duties thereby granted ,

orany of them , (other than in such cases for which other penal-

ties or provisions are made and prescribed by this act), shall be

practised , used, and put in execution for preventing, detecting,

and punishing frauds, as fully and effectually, to all intents and

purposes, as if all and every the said powers, rules, directions ,

penalties , forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things were particu-

larlyrepeated and re-enacted in this present act .

X. And be it further enacted, That this act may be repealed Ast may be

or altered by any act to be passed in this present session of repealed or

altered this

parliament.

session.

CAP. XV.

An act to prohibit the distillation of spirits from wheat in Ireland.-

[ December 15, 1801.]

WHERE eaten thongmaking

HEREAS it is expedient that the use of wheat, wheat

meal , orferment-

ing any wort, wash, or pot ale for making or extracting spirits,

should be prohibited in that part of the united kingdom called Ireland ;

be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty , by

and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and tem-

poral , and commons , in this present parliament assembled, and

by the authority of the same, That from and after the passing No distiller

shall make use

of his act no distiller or distillers, or maker or makers of spirits of any wheat,

shall apply , spend, consume, or make use of , or cause, procure, &c. in the dif-

permit, or suffer to be applied , spent , consumed, or made use of tillation of

anywheat, wheat meal, or wheat flour in the brewing, making, spirits in Ire-

or fermenting any wort, wash, or pot ale for making or ex- land on pe-

of zool.

tracting spirits in that part of the united kingdom called Ireland; andy and forfeiture

and it any distiller or distillers , or maker or makers of low wines of the wheat,

or spirits shall apply , spend, consume, or make use of , or cause, &c.

procure, permit, or suffer to be applied, spent , consumed, or

made use of any wheat, wheat meal, or wheat flour in the

brewing , making, or fermenting any wash, or pot ale for making

or extracting spirits in that part of the united kingdom called

Ireland , contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, the

person or persons so offending shall , for each and every such

offence, forfeit and lose the sum oftwo hundred pounds; and

all such wheat, wheat meal, or wheat flour, and worts, wash ,

or pot ale, and the bags, cafks, or vessels containing the same

shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any justice of the peace

or any officer of his Majesty's revenue ; and upon the trial of

any information for the said penalty, or any of the said forfei-

tures, the defendant or defendants therein shall be convicted, or

the wheat , wheat meal, wheat flour, worts, wash, or pot ale condemned,

394 Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. C. 17. [1802,

condemned, unless proof shall be made by the defendant or

claimant, that the wheat, wheat meal, or wheat flour, worts,

wash, or pot ale , or any part thereof , was not such as thall he

Persons aiding alledged in such information; and every servant of such diftiiler

to forfeit 20l.

or distillers , maker or makers of spirits , and every other person

who shall be aiding and assisting in the applying, spending , con-

fuming, or making use of any wheat, wheat meal, or wheat

flour in the brewing, making, or fermenting any wort, wath,

or pot ale for making, or extracting spirits, or in carrying or

conveying the fame into the house , still house , or other place

used by such distiller or distillers, maker or makers of low wines

or spirits, in the brewing, making, or fermenting such wort,

wath, or pot ale, shall also forfeit and lose , for every such of-

fence, the sum of twenty pounds, and in default of payment

thereof immediately upon conviction, thall be liable to suffer

three months imprisonment in the house of correction, and to

bekept to hard labour during such imprisonment.

Howpenalties

II. And be it enacted, That all and every the fines, penal-

maybe fued

for.

ties, and forfeitures inflicted by this act shall and may be fued

for , recovered, and levied in such manner and form, and by

such ways and means, and with such powers and authorities as

are prescribed, directed, and appointed in and by an act of parliament, made in the tourteenth and fifteenth years of his late

majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An alt for the fettling

of the excise or new impost upon bis Majesty , bis heirs and successor's,

according to the book of rates therein inserted , as fully and effec-

tually , to all intents, constructions, and purposes as if the fame

were particularly mentioned, expressed, and enacted in this act,

with like remedy of appeal to and for the party and parties who

shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved or injured , as in

and by the said act is provided.

Act maybe

repealed or

altered this

session .

III. And be it further enacted, That this act may be repealed

or altered by any act to be passed in this present session of

parliament.

CAP. XVI.

An act to continue until the fifth day of July one thousand eight hundred

and two, an act made in the thirty -fifth year of the reign of his present

Majesty, for preventing the importation of organzined thrown silk ,

flax , and flax seed, into this kingdom, in thips or vessels belonging to

any kingdom or state in amity with his Majesty-[December 15, 1801.]

CAP. XVII.

An act for raising a further fum of money by loans or exchequer bills, for

the service of Great Britain, for the year one thousand eight hundred

and two .- [February 24, 1802.]

Commissioners of the treasury may raise 2,100,00ol. by loans and exche.

quer bills in like manner as is prescribed by the malt act of his seffion, c.1.

concerning loans, &c. The clauses, & c. in the said act relating to loans

or exchequer bills, extended to this act. Exchequer bills to bear an interest not exceeding three-pence per cent. per diem. Exchequer bills fo

issued , not to be received again in payment of any taxes ; nor exchanged

before

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo fecundoGEORGII III. C. 18. 395

before January 5, 1803. Principal and interest with charges, to be re-

-paid out of the supplies to be granted in this session. Monies issued out

of the consolidated fund , tobe replaced out of the first supplies . Bank

of England authorised to advance the said fum on the credit of this act .

CAP. XVIII.

An att for continuing the premiums allowed to ships employed in, and

for enlarging the limits of the southern whale fishery. -[February

24 , 1802.]

' HEREAS it is proper to encourage the fishery carried on by

Whis Majesty's European subjects in the feas to thesouthward

of the Greenland seas and Davis's Streights for the purpose of

taking whales and other creatures being in those seas, by continuing

certain premiums granted in an act passed in the thirty-eighth year of

his present Majesty's reign, intituled , An act for further encouraging 38 Geo. 3 .

the southern whale fisheries ; be it therefore enacted by the C. 57 , recited.

King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and con-

fent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this

present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same,

That the several premiums herein-after mentioned shall be paid Premiums to

and allowed to sixteen ships or vessels employed in the said be allowed to

fishery , under the limitations, restrictions, and regulations con-

16 ships

tained in the said act, and also in an act passed in the thirty- fifth

year of his present Majesty's reign, and mentioned in the said

act , and under the limitations, restrictions, and regulations expressed in this present act.

II. And be it further enacted, That for twelve of such ships Premiumsand

or vessels which shall be so fitted and cleared out between the conditions for 12 ships

first day of January and the thirty- first day of December one

thousand eight hundred and two, and between the first day of

January and the thirty -first day of December in each of the three

succeeding years, and shall fail to the southward of the equator

and there carry on the fishery, and shall return before the first

day of December in the year subsequent to that in which they

cleared out to some port in Great Britain, there shall be paid and

allowed three hundred pounds to each of the four such ships

which shall to fail and first arrive within the times herein-before

mentioned with the greatest quantity of oil or head matter, taken

together being not less in the whole than twenty tons in each of

such ships or vessels, and being the produce of one or more

whale or whales, or other creatures being in those seas, taken

and killed by the crews of every such ship or vessel respectively ; and

there shall be paid two hundred pounds to each of the four such

ships or vessels which shall in like manner fail and first arrive

with the nextgreatest quantity of such oil or head matter, taken

together being not less in the whole than twenty tons in every

such ship or vessel, and being the produce of any whale or whales ,

or other creatures being inthose seas so taken as aforesaid ; and

there shall be paid and allowed one hundred pounds to each of

the four such thips or vessels, and which shall in like manner fail

396 Anno regni quadragesimo fecundoGEORGII III. C. 19. [1802 .

fail and first arrive with the next greatest quantity of such oil or

head matter, taken together being not less in the whole than

twenty tons in every such ship or vessel, and being the produce

of any whale or whales, or other creatures being in those feas

so taken as aforesaid.

Premiums and

III. And be it further enacted, That for four other such ships

conditions for

or vessels which shall be fo fitted or cleared out, and shall fail

4ships.

within the times herein- before mentioned, and proceed to the

fouthward of thirty - fix degrees offouth latitude , and thall there

bonâ fide carry on the said fishery , and shall not return till after

the expiration of fourteen calendar months from the day on

which they cleared out, but before the thirty -first day ofDe-

cember in the second year after their clearing out to some port in.

Great Britain, there shall be paid and allowed four hundred

pounds to each of such ships or vessels which shall so fail and

arrive within the times herein-before last -mentioned , with the

greatest quantity of oil and head matter, taken together being

not less in the whole than twentytons , and being the produce

of any whale or whales or other creatures being in those feas,

and taken and killed by the crew of such thip or vessel .

IV . And whereas it is expedient further to encourage the said

fisheries, by extending the limits prescribed in the before-mentioned

acts for the said southern whale fisheries , be it further enacted ,

Licensed

That it shall and maybe lawful for any ship or vessel fitting and

thips failing

to theeast-

clearing out and licensed conformably to the first- mentioned act ,

wardof the

and failing to the eastward of the Cape ofGood Hope for the pur-

Cape ofGood pose aforesaid, and having passed beyond one hundred and twenty-

Hope , may , inthree degrees of east longitude from London, to fail or pass to the

certain lati- northward as far as one degree of northern latitude, but no fur

tudes, pass to

the north-

ther to the northward, until such ship or vessel hall have failed

ward.

or passed to the eastward ofone hundred and eighty degrees of

east longitude from London ; any thing in the said acts, or any

law, usage, or custom to the contrary notwithstanding .

CAP. XIX.

An act to amendso much of an act made in the twenty- ninth year of

the reign of his late majesty King George the Second , intituled,

An act for explaining, amending, and rendering more effec-

tual, an act made in the twenty-second year of his present

Majesty's reign , intituled , An act for making a free market

for the sale of fish in the city of Westminster, and for preventing the forestalling and monopolizing of fith ; and for allowing

the sale of fish under the dimensions mentioned in a clause

contained in an act of the first year of his late Majesty's reign,

in cafe the same are taken with a hook, as relates to the sale of

eels. -[ February 24, 1802. ]

act passed in the twenty- ninth year of the

HEREAS by WaKing George the second intuled ,

29Geo. 2.

An act for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual,

C. 39 .

an act made in the twenty-second year of his present Majesty's

reign,

- 1802. ) Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C.20. 397

reign , intituled , An act for making a free market for the sale of

fith the city of Westminster, and for preventing the forestal-

monopolizing offith, and for allowing the sale of fith

3

er the dimensions mentioned in a clause contained in an act

or the first year of his late Majesty's reign , in cafe the same are

then with a hook ; it is amongst other things enacted, that if any

1

Norman, or any other person or persons whatsoever, master or owner

of any shing ship, loop, smack, or fishing vessel coming from fea,

or diar person having the conduct of such fishing ship , floop , smack,

or fibing vessel, natives or foreigners, employed either in catching,

bringing , or vending offishfor the supply of the cities ties of London

ar

andWestminster, shall not enter their ship, floop, smack, or other

fishing veel at such place or places, and within such time as therein

mentioned , or shall keep any shell fish , or other fish whatsoever in

such their bip, shop, smack, or other their fishing vessel or vessels,

or in any well boat or store boat, after their arrival at the Nore,

so as not to fell off their whole cargo of fish within the space of eight

5631 , to be reckoned from the day of such their arrival at the Nore,

every such person or persons shall forfeit and pay the penalty in the

jald att provided and whereas the said limited time of eight days

jur feling of the whole cargo of live eels is found too short and quite

fary, be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent

majely, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiri-

toal and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament

sembled , and by the authority of the same , That from and Sale of eels if

after the passing of this act, in case any such fithing vessel shall made byown-

De freighted or loaded in whole or in part with live eels, and the within 28

hermen, or other person or persons whatsoever, natives or days after

foreigners, who shall be owners of such live eels, or have the their arrival

power

to fell dispose of the fame, shall fell off the whole at the Nore,

or shall be as

Quantity of such live eels within twenty- eight days after the ar- good a sale

rawal of such vessel at the Nore, and thall in all other respects as if made

comply with the directions of the said act, and also of an act within eight

act passed d in the twenty- second year of his majesty King George days , the

time limited

the Second, and mentioned in the said act, then and in such by the recited

cue the sale of the whole cargo, or quantity of such live eels, act.

dhall be and is hereby declared to be as good a sale thereof as if

achfale had been completed and made within the said limited

time of eight days before mentioned.

CAP. XX.

Anad for making perpetual fo muchof an act, made in the nineteenth

yar of the reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the allowing a

drawback of the duties on rum shipped as stores to be consumed on

relating

board merchant ships on their voyages ; and to continue several laws

to the permitting the exportation of tobacco pipe clay from

Great Britain to the British sugar colonies in the West Indies until the

twenty - fourth day of June one thousand eight hundred and eight to

the giving the day ofcouragement to the importation of naval for

from the further encourage America until the twenty-ninth day of

September one thousand eight hundred and twelve; to the regulating

the payment of the duties on cinnamon, cloves, nutmegsundland and

to the host of the deportation of certainfith from the

398 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 22. [ 1802

the coast of Labrador, until the twenty-fourth day of June, one thou

fand eight hundred and eight; and to the allowing the importation and

exportation ofgoods from and to India and China , in ships not of Bri-

tith built, during the continuance of the exclusive trade to and from

the East Indies, granted to the East India company, by an act of the

thirty- third year of his present Majesty's reign.-[March 19, 1802. ]

So much of 19 Geo. 3. C. 22. as relates to the allowing a drawback of

the duties on rum shipped as stores made perpetual. So much of 17 Geo.

c . 43. as permits the exportation of tobacco pipe clay to the British colo-

nies in the West Indies, further continued until June 24, 1808. So much

of 8 Geo. 1. c. 12. as relates to the importation of wood and lumber

from the British colonies in America, free from customs further continued

until Sept. 29, 1812. Act 38 Geo. 3. c. 68. respecting duties on cinna-

mon, cloves, nutmegs and mace, continued until June 24, 1808. So

much of 41 Geo. 3, c. 77. as permits the importation of certain fith from

Newfoundland and the coast of Labrador continued , until June 24, 1808

Act 35 Geo 3. c. 115. for allowing the importation and exportation of

goods from and to India and China in ships not of British built continued

during theexclusive right of the East India companyunder 33Geo. 3.C. 52.

CAP. ΧΧΙ.

An act for raising the fum of one million byloans or exchequer bills, for

the service of Great Britain, for the year one thousand eight hundred

and two .-[ March 19, 1802. ]

Commissioners of the treasury may taise 1,000,000l. by loans and exchequer bills in like manner as is prescribed by the malt act of this session,

c. 1. concerning loans, &c. The clauses , &c. in the said act relating to

loans or exchequer bills, extended to this act. Exchequer bills to bear

an interest not exceeding three-pence per cent. per diem. Exchequer

bills so issued , not to be received again in payment of any taxes, nor cx-

changed before January 5, 1803. Principal and interest, with charges,

to be repaid out of the supplies to be granted in this session. Monizs

issued out of the consolidated fund to be replaced out of the first supplies.

Bank of England authorised to advance the said fum on the credit of

this act.

26Geo. 3 .

C.41.

CAP. XXII.

An altfor continuing, until the twenty- fifth day of December one

thousand eight hundred and four, the bounties granted for the ex-

couragement of the Greenland whale fisheries ; and for continu-

ing and amending the regulations respecting the fame. -[March

19, 1802. ]

HEREAS it

W is expedient to continue, for a limited time, the

bounties and other encouragements to thefisheries carried on by

his Majesty'sfubjects in the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights ;

and also to continue and amend the regulations and conditions now in

force in regard to the said fisheries : be it therefore enacted by the

King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and con-

fent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this

present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same,

That the act made in the twenty- sixth year of the reign of his

present Majesty, intituled, An alt for the further support and en-

couragement of the fisheries carried on in the Greenland Seas ana

Davis's Streights; and also so much of the act made in the

twenty- ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty , intituled. A

50-

1

1802] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 22. 399

And for further encouraging and regulating the Newfoundland, 29 Geo. 3.

Garland , and Southern whale fisheries , as relates to the said C.53. and

nes ; and also the act made in the thirty-second year of the

ragn of his present Majesty, intituled , An alt to continue and32Gco. 3 .

C. 22. further

and several laws relating to the encouragement of the fifperies continuedtill

carried on in the Greenland Seas and Davis's Streights ; and to Dec. 25, 1804 .

amand the laws now in force for the encouragement of thefisheries

curried on in the feas to the southward of the Greenland Seas and ,

Davis's Streights ; which acts were , by an act of the lafst session

of parliament, continued until the twenty-fifth day of December

/ one thousand eight hundred and two, shall be further continued

until the twenty- fifth day of December one thousand eight hun-

dredand four.

II . Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby further enacted, A certain

number of

That from and after the passing of this present act, and during harpooners ,

the continuance thereof , in every ship of the burthen of three &c. in pro-

hundred tons, fix harpooners, fix line managers, and fix steerf- portion to the

men, and fo in proportion in every ship or vessel of smaller burthen of the

burthen, one harpooner, one line manager, and one fleerfman veflet, hall be

protected

for every fifty tons burthen, shall be protected from being im- from being

pressed , and shall have and enjoy the privilege of failing in the impressed, &c .

colliery and coasting trade, under the conditions and in the

manner granted and directed in the said act passed in the twenty-

sixth year of his present Majesty's reign; any thing in the

said last mentioned act, or in any other act , to the contrary

notwithstanding.

1

III .And be it further enacted , That it shall and may be law- Vessels clear-

fulforany ship or vessel fitting or clearing out for the present ing out for the

present season

season, which is not provided with the full complement ofmen, not provided

pursuant to the directions of any act or acts now in force, at with the full

the port from whence such ship or vessel shall be fitted and complement

cleared out, to proceed from thence to Lerwick in the isle ofof men ,may

proceed and

Shetland , and complete the number of men there, provided the complete the

number wanted doth not exceed two common men for every number at

fifty tons burthen of such ship or vessel , but not otherwise; and Lerwick, &c.

upon return of such ship or vessel from the said fishery, such

men may be landed and fet on shore at Lerwick aforesaid; and

upon the master or owner of such ship or vessel producing, to

the proper officer of the customs at the port of his arrival in

Great Britain, a certificate under the hand of the collector and

Comptroller of the customs at Lerwick aforesaid, (which certi-

hicate they are hereby enjoined and required to give to the master

of such thip or vessel), certifying the number and the names of

the men that were on board such ship or vessel at the time of

her arrival at Lerwick, together with the number and names

of the men so taken on board such ship or vessel at Lerwick,

and the number and names of the menthat were landed and fet

on shore there upon the return of such thip or vessel from the

fishery , and the master and mate of such ship or vessel making

oath before the collector and comptroller at the port of their

arrival in Great Britain , that the men so taken on board as aforesaid

400 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 23. [ 1802 .

aforesaid at Lerwick proceeded from thence on the said fishery ,

and continued on board during the time such ship or vessel was

employed in that business, the master or owner of such ship or

vessel shall be entitled to the bountygranted by this act, in the

same manner as they would have been entitled thereto in cafe

the full complement of men had been taken on board at the

port from whence such ship or vessel was fitted and cleared out ,

and had returned on board such ship or vessel to such

portin

Great Britain ; provided all other the regulations and restrictions required and directed by any act or acts now in force

have been duly complied with and performed; any thing in

any act or acts, law or laws now in force to the contrary not-

withstanding.

IV. And whereas by the said act made in the twenty- sixth year of

the reign of his present Majesty it is, among other things, enacted ,

That before any ship or veffelshall proceed on the whale fishery, cath

shall be made by one or more owner or owners, and the master or

chief officer of such ship or vessel before the principal officers of the

customs of the port from which suchship or vessel intends to proceed ,

that it is really and truly their firm purpose and determined resolution

that suchship or vesselshall , asjoon as licence shall be granted , forth-

with proceed on a voyage to the Greenland Seas or Davis's Streights,

or the feas adjacent, and there , in the then approachingfeafon , 10

use the utmost endeavours of themselves and ship's company to take

whales or other creatures living in the fea, and on no other design or

view ofprofit in such voyage , and to import the whalefins, oil , and

blubber thereof into Great Britain : and whereas it may sometimes

happen that the owner or owners of such ship or vessel may , from

illness or other unavoidable circumstance, be unable to appear befure

the principal officers of the customs to make oath in manner required by

the said recited act; be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may

Principal officers of the be lawful for such principal officers to accept and take an affidavit

customs may of such illness or unavoidable absence, sworn by such owner or

takethe

affidavit of

owners, before any one of his Majesty's justices of the peace;

owners of

and in which affidavit the said owner or owners shall declare all

vessels , sworn and every the matters and things, which by the said recited act

before a he is directed and required to declare , on oath, before the said

justice , incase

ofillness, &c. principal officers; and such affidavit shall be as effectual, toall

declaring the intents and purposes, as ifsuch owner or owners had conformed

particulars to the directions of the said act in manner herein -before men-

required by

26Geo. 3 .

tioned; any thing in the said recited act, or any other act , to the

C. 41.

contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

CAP. XXIII.

An act to indemnify such persons as have omitted to qualify themselves

for offices and employments ; and to indemnify justices of the peace ,

or others , who have omitted to register or deliver in their qualifications

within the time directed by law, and for extending the time limited

for those purposes, until the twenty-fifth day of December one thou-

fand eight hundred and two; to indemnify members and officers, in

cities, corporations, and borough towns, whose admissions have been

omitted to be stamped according to law , or having been stamped , have been

!

!

1802. ] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 24. 401

beenloft ormislaid , and for allowing them, until the twenty - fifth day

of December one thousand eight hundred and two, to provide ad-

missions duly stamped; to permit such persons as have omitted to

make and file affidavits of the execution of indentures of clerks to

attornies and solicitors, to make and file the fame on or before the

first day of Michaelmas term one thousand eight hundred and two;

toallow until the twenty - fourth day of December one thousand eight

hundred and two, persons who have omitted to pay the duties on the

indentures and contracts of clerks, apprentices, or servants, to make

payment of the fame; to indemnify such persons as have neglected to

obtain certificates of admission as solicitors or attornies , notaries or

proctors, and for extending the time, limited for that purpose, until

two months after the passing of this act ; to indemnify persons who

haveprinted or published pleadings, and other proceedings in courts

of law or equity, upon which the name andplace of abode of the

printerhas not been printed ; and for indemnifying deputy lieutenants

andofficers of the militia, who have neglected to transmit descriptions

of their qualifications to the clerks of the peace, within the time

directed by law, and for extending the time, limited for that purpose,

until the first day of September one thousand eight hundred and two.

- [ March 19, 1802. ]

CAP. XXIV.

An act to repeal the duties on cinnamon imported by the East India

company, and on caffia lignea of all forts, and for grunting new

duties in lieu thereof ; and to repeal the custom duties on certain

bides andskins ; and to repeal certain duties granted by an act of

the last session of parliament upon box wood imported, andgranting

newduties in lieu thereof . -[March 19, 1802.]

it is expedient that the duties

now

WHEREAS payable on cin-

namon imported by the East India company, and on the im-

portation of caffia lignea of all forts, into that part of the united

kingdom called Great Britain, should be repealed, and new duties

imposed in lieu thereof ; and that the duties now payable on the im-

portation , into that part of the united kingdom called Great Britain,

of certain bides and skins in British built ships owned , navigated ,

and registered according to law, should also be repealed : be it there-

fore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with

the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and

commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the fame , That, from and after the fifth day of April From April 5,

one thousand eight hundred and two, the duties now payable 1802, the

by law on cinnamon imported by the united company of mer-dutiespayable

on cinnamon

Chants of England trading to the East Indies, small be, and the imported by

fame are hereby repealed ; fave and except in all cafes relating the East India

to the recovering or paying any arrears thereof which may re- company ,

re-

main unpaid, or to any fine, penalty, or forfeiture relating pealed , except

thereto , which shall have been incurred at any time before the arrears in-

said fifth day of April one thousand eight hundred and two; and curred before

and that in lieu and instead of the duties hereby repealed there thatday, and

thall be raised, levied, collected, and paid untohis Majesty, his instead thereof

a duty

heirs and fuccessors, in ready money, without any discount or is . 6d. per lb.

abatement whatever, upon cinnamon imported by the said shall bepaid.

VOL. XLIII . DD united

1 402 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 24. [1802 .

united company, a duty of customs of one shilling and sixpence

the pound weight, and so in proportion for any greater or less

But the duty

quantity: provided always, That nothing herein contained

onexporta- tion of cinna-

thall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend , to alter or

monpayable under

repeal the duties payable on the exportation of cinnamon by

virtue and in pursuance of an act , passed in the thirty -eighth

38Geo. 3 .

year of the reign of his present Majesty , amongst other things,

shall continue. for regulating the payment of the duties on cinnamon, cloves,

nutmegs, and mace.

From April 5,

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the fifth

1802, the

day of April one thousand eight hundred and two, the duties now

duties payable payable by law on the importation, into that part of the united

on the impor-

tation into kingdom called Great Britain, of caffia lignea of all forts, thall

Great Britainbe , and the same are hereby repealed; fave and except in all cafes

of caffia

relating to the recovering or paying any arrears thereof which

lignea , shall

berepealed ,

mayremain unpaid, or to any fine, penalty , or forfeiture re-

except arrears, and

lating thereto , which shall have been incurred at any time be-

fore the passing of this act; and that in lieu and instead of the

insteadthereof

duties hereby repealed there shall be raised, levied, collected,

aduty ofis .

and paid unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in ready

per 16. shall

bepaid.

money, without any discount or abatement whatever, upon the

importation, into that part of the united kingdom called Great

Britain , of caffia lignea of all forts, a duty of customs of one

shilling the pound weight , and so in proportion for any greater

or less quantity.

From April 5,

III. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the fifth

1802, the

day of April one thousand eight hundred and two, the duties of

duties payable customs now payable by law on the importation , into that part

on the

importation into Great

of the united kingdom called Great Britain in British built ships,

owned, navigated, and registered according to law, of bull, ox,

Britain in

or cow hides, hides of horses, mares, or geldings, Indian hides,

British built

or buffalo hides, calve skins, dog skins, seal skins, and elk skins,

ships, of certainhides and

such hides and skins respectively being in the hair , and not

skins, shall be

tanned, tawed, or in any way dressed, shall be, and the same are

repealed ,

hereby repealed ; save and except in all cafes relating to the

except

recovering or paying any arrears thereof which may remain un-

arrears , bue

paid, or to any fine, penalty, or forfeiture relating thereto , which

entrybemade

shall have been incurred at any time before the said fifth day

thereof , &c.

of April one thousand eight hundred and two; provided that on

the importation thereof adue entry be made, with the proper

officers of the customs, of such hides and skins respectively, in

the same manner and form as was used and practised on and

immediately before the making of this act; and that such hides

and skins respectively be landed in the presence of the proper

officer or officers appointed for that purpose; on failure of which

conditions such hides and skins respectively shall be liable to the

payment of duties as if this act had not been made.

IV. And whereas it is expedient that the duties of customs granted

by an att passed in the last session of parliament, upon box wood imported into Great Britainfrom foreign parts, should be repealed, and that

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGIIIII . C. 24. 403

that sther duties should be granted in lieu thereof ; be it therefore

enacted , That, from and after the passing of this act , the duties The duties

of customs granted by an act, passed in the last session of par- grantedby

liament, intituled, An altfor granting to his Majesty certain duties 41 Geo. 3.

c. 28. on box

of customs on timber, sugar, raisins, and pepper imported into, andwood im-

on lead exported from, Great Britain, on box wood imported ported, shall

into Great Britain from foreign parts, shall be, and the same are be repealed,

hereby repealed; fave and except as to all cafes relating to the except arrears, and

recovering or paying any arrears thereof which may remain un- insteadthereof

paid, or to any fine, penalty, or forfeiture relating thereto, 198. 6d. per

which shall have been incurred at any time before the passing ofton shall be

this act ; and that in lieu and instead of the duties hereby re- woodim paid on box

pealed , there shall be raised , levied , collected , and paid unto his ported in a

Majesty , his heirs and successors, in ready money , without any British built-

discount or abatement whatever , upon the importation ofbox ship, and zos.

wood into Great Britain from any part of Europe, the several if imported inaforeign

and respective duties of customs following; that is to fav, upon ship.

everyton weight of box wood imported into Great Britain from

any part of Europe, in a British built ship, a duty of customs of

nineteen shillings and sixpence, and so in proportion for any

greater or less quantity; and upon every ton weight of box

wood imported into Great Britain from any part of Europe , in

a foreign ship, a duty of customs of twenty shillings, and so in

proportion for any greater or less quantity; which duties thall

be over and above all other duties which are now due and pay-

ableby law on any of the said goods, wares, and merchandize

respectively .

V. And be it further enacted, That the duties hereby im- Duties hereby

posed shall and may be managed, ascertained , raised, levied , granted shall

be levied and

collected, answered, paid , secured , and recovered, and be appro- applied in the

priated and applied to the consolidated fund of Great Britain , in same manner

such and the like manner, and in and by such and the like ways, as those

means , or methods by which the duties of customs hereby re- repealed , &c.

pealed on the like goods, wares, or merchandize imposed, and

payable by virtue of an act , passed in the twenty-seventh year of

the reign of his present Majesty, or by any other act or acts of

parliament in force on and immediately before the passing of this

act, were or might be managed, ascertained, raised, levied , collected , answered , paid , secured , and recovered, and the goods,

wares, or merchandize so by this act made chargeable with the

said duties, shall be, and the same are hereby made subject and

liable to all and every the conditions, regulations, rules, restrictions, penalties , and forfeitures to which any goods, wares, or

merchandize upon which any duties of customs are imposed

and payable, were subject and liable by any act or acts of parliament in force on and immediately before the passing of this

at; and all and every pain , penalty, fine, or forfeiture for any

offence whatever committed against or in breach of any act or

acts of parliament in force on and immediately before the passing

of this act, made for securing the revenue of customs, or for

the regulation or improvement thereof , and the several clauses,

DD2 powers,

404 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 27. [1802.

powers, and directions therein contained , shall, and are hereby

directed and declared to extend to , and shall be respectively applied, practised, and put in execution for and in respect of the

duties hereby charged, (as far as the same are applicable there-

to , ) in as full and ample a manner, to all intents and purposes

whatever, as if all and every the said acts, clauses, provisions,

powers, direAions , pains, penalties, and forfeitures were parti-

cularly repeated and re-enacted in the body of his present act . -

£

CAP. XXV.

An act for punishing mutiny and desertion ; and for the better payment

of the army and their quarters, within the united kingdom, and the

islands of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney , Sark and Mau.-[March 24

1803.]

Numberofforce

forces 84,445, including 7,836 invalids.

CAP. XXVI .

An act for the regulation of his Majesty's marine forces while on shore,

until the twenty -fifth day of May one thousand eight hundred and

two.-[ March 24 , 1802. ]

37Geo. 3 .

C.97.

CAP. XXVII.

An att to empower bis Majesty to cause certain countervailing duties ,

granted by an act of the thirty - seventh year of the reign of his

present Majesty, intituled , An act for carrying into execution

the treaty of amity, commerce , and navigation, concluded

between his Majesty and the united states ofAmerica , to cease ,

or befufpended until the twenty- fifth day of March one thousand

eight hundred and three , under certain circumstances.- [March

24 , 1802.]

Wreign of HEREAS by an alt passed in in the thirty- seventh year of the

bis present Majesty , intituled, An act for carrying

into execution the treaty of amity, commerce, and navigation,

concluded between his Majesty and the united states ofAmerica ,

certain duties weregranted to his Majesty, his heirs and successors ,

on certain goods imported from the Americanstates in American

vessels, to countervail the difference of duty payable , in the united

states of America, on the importation of European and Asiatic

goods , when imported into the united states ofAmerica in British or

American vessels: and whereas certain tonnage duties was also by

the said alt imposed on American vessels entering the ports of his

Majesty's dominions in Europe, equal to the excess of the duty payable in the ports of the said united states on British ships , beyond that

payable by American ships entering the fame ports: and whereas it

is expedient that his Majesty should, for a limited time , be empowered ,

under certain circumstances , to cause the same , or either of them, to

cease , or be suspended, either in the whole or in part, be it there-

fore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty , by and with

the advice and consent of the lords spiritual , and temporal, and

commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority

1802. ] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c . 28. 405

thority of the fame, That from and after the passing of his act, His Majesty

until the twenty- fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred may, until March 25,

and three , it shall be lawful for his Majesty , by and with the 1803, by

advice of hisprivy council, by any order in council, or by any order in

proclamation made for that purpose , to cause the said counter- council ,&c.

vailing duties, granted by the said act , on goods imported from cause the countervailing

the American states, and also the said tonnage duties granted by duties granted

the said act on American vessels, or any part or proportion of the by the recited

said duties, or either of them , wholly to cease , or to be fuf-act ongoods

pended only from such time or times, and for and during such imported from

the American

period or periods, as his Majesty , his heirs and successors , maystates, and

deem expedient and necessary ; any thing in any act or acts to also the

the contrarythereof notwithstanding .

tonnage

duties, to

CAP. XXVIII.

ceale , &c.

Anatt for continuing , until the twenty- fifth day of March one thou-

fand eight hundred andfive , and from thence to the end of the then

next session of parliament, and amending , several laws relating to

the transportation offelons , and other offenders, to temporary

places of confinement in England and Scotland respectively.-

[ March 24 , 1802.)

WHEREASthe several laws herein-after mentioned have been

found useful and beneficial , and it is found expedient that

the fame should be further continued , and one of them amended; be

it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and

with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal,

and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the

authority of the same, Thatso much of an act , made in the So much of

nineteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, 19Geo

C. 74. as

Anatt to explain and amendthe laws relating to the transportation, relates to

imprisonment, and other punishment of certain offenders, as relates to transporta-

transportation beyond the seas; and also so much ofan act, made in tion, andfo

the twenty -fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty , inti-

much of

24Geo. 3.

tuled ,An act for the effectual transportation of felons, and other offenders, c. 56. as

and to authorise the removal of prisoners in certain cafes; and for extends to

other purposes therein mentioned , as extends to authorise the re-

authorise the

removal of

moval of offenders to temporaryplaces of confinement ; which offenders to

acts were amended and continued by three other acts of the temporary

twenty -eighth, thirty -fourth, and thirty - ninth years of the reign places ofcon-

of his present Majesty , until the twenty -fifth day of March one finement, shall

be continued

thousand eight hundred and two, shall be and the same are until March

hereby further continued until the twenty-fifth day of March 25, 1805 , &c.

one thousand eight hundred and five , and from thence until the

endof the then next session of parliament.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and maybe law- His Majesty may appoint

ful for his Majesty to appoint one fit and able person to be aninspector of

inspector of anyplace or places of confinement, either at land theplaces of

of on board any thip or vessel, towhich any male offenders shall confinement

be removed by virtue of the last-mentioned act, intituled, An of which male

attfor the effectual transportation offelons , and other offenders ; and be removed

٢٠٠ DD 3 to under

406 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 29. [ 1802.

24Geo. 3. to authorise the removal of prisoners in certain cafes, and for other

C. 56. and he purposes therein mentioned; which inspector shall personally visit

shallmake a

report of and inspect such places of confinement, once, at least , in every

certainparti- quarter of a year, or oftener if occasion shall require, and shall

culars topar- diligently examine into the state of such places of confinement ,

liament , &c. thebehaviour and conduct of the respective officers, the treat-

ment and condition of the prisoners, the amount of the several

earnings , and the expences attending every such place ofcon-

finement; and shall made a faithful report of the fame toboth

Chouses of parliament at the beginning of every session ; and also

in matters of extreme or pressing necessity shall and may make

aspecial report thereof to the justices of his Majesty's court of

king's bench, who shall immediately take order therein, and.

Inspector's salary not to

regulate or redress the same; and such inspector shall continue

in office during his Majesty's pleasure, and shall receive such

exceed 350l.

per annum .

salary out of the consolidated fund of Great Britain as his Majesty

shall appoint, not exceeding three hundred and fifty pounds per

annum , for himself and a clerk, and all other charges and expences whatsoever which shall be incurred by such inspector in

discharge of his duty.

So much of

III . And be it further enacted, That so much of an act, made

25 Geo. 3 .

in the twenty- fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty,

authorises the

intituled , An alt for the more effectual transportation offelons, and

removal of

other offenders, in that part of Great Britain called Scotland , and

offenders to

to authorise the removal of prisoners in certain cafes, as authorises

temporary places of

the removal of offenders to temporary places of confinement,

confinement, which was to continue in force until the first day of June one

shall be con-

thousand seven hundred and eighty- seven, and from thence to

tinued until

the end of the then next session of parliament , and which was

March 25,

1805,&c.

revived and continued by two acts of the thirty-fourth and thirty-

ninth years of his present Majesty until the twenty- fifth day of

March one thousand eight hundred and two, shall be, and the

fame is hereby further continued until the twenty- fifth day of

March one thousand eight hundred and five, and from thence

until the end of the then next session of parliament.

CAP. XXIX.

An act to authorise the East India company to make their settlement

at Fort Marlborough, in the East Indies, afactory subordinate

to the presidency of Fort William in Bengal, and to transfer the

Servants who, on the reduction of that establishment, shall befuper-

numerary, to the presidency ofFort Saint George.-[March 24,

1802. ]

W THEREAS the court ofdirettors of the united company of

merchants of England, trading to the East Indies, have

beretofore appointed the civil servants at theirsettlement of Fort

Marlborough in the East Indies specially for that settlement, and

they have not been considered as belonging to any of the said company's

presidencies of Fort William , FortSt. George , or Bombay: and

whereas the said court have determined to make a considerable reduc- tion

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. C. 29. 407

tion in the establishment of civil servants at Fort Marlborough

aforesaid , and that , infuture , that settlement shall be a factory only

Jubordinate to the presidency of Fort William aforesaid , and thereby

many of the said civil servants at Fort Marlborough will become

supernumerary; and by reason of the late increase of territory subject

to the presidency of Fort Saint George , it is expedient that such

supernumerary servants at Fort Marlborough should be transferred

to Fort Saint George , be it therefore enacted by the King's most

excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the

lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That it

The court of

directors of

shall and may be lawful to and for the court of directors of the

the East India

said united company, (subject nevertheless to the superintend- company may

ance , direction, and controul of the commissioners for the affairs order that the

of India, in like manner as any acts or orders of the said court establishment

at Fort Marl .

of directors are now by law subject), to order and direct that borough shall

the said company's establishment at Fort Marlborough shall be be reduced to

reduced to be a factory only, subordinate to the presidency a factory

of Fort William at Bengal , from such time as they shall see fit only, &c .;

to order.

II. And be it further enacted, That in that cafe the said and in that

settlement of Fort Marlborough hall be, and be, considered as a cafe, it shall be

subordinate

factory only , in all things subordinate and subject to the govern- to the prefi-

ment of the said presidency of Fort William, in like manner as dency of Fort

any other factory belonging thereto.

William.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be law- Civil servants

ful to and for the said court ofdirectors (subject to such superin- becoming supernume-

tendance and controul

as herein-before mentioned) , to order raries at Fort

and direct that all or any of the civil servants of the said company Marlborough,

belonging and subject to the said settlement at Fort Marlborough shall be trans-

at the time of the laid reduction of that establishment, and who ferred to the presidency

are or shall become supernumerary there, shall be transferred to ofFort St.

the said presidency of Fort Saint George , with such rank and pre- George.

cedence therein , not above the rank held by them respectively at

Fort Marlborough at the time of their being respectively tranf-

ferred from that settlement: provided always, That all the senior

merchants, to be removed from the settlement ofBencoolen by

the said court of directors to the presidency of Fort Saint George ,

shall be introduced into that service as the youngest of that rank,

and to continue as fixed senior merchants ; and that all servants

of the rank ofjunior merchants, factors, and writers, to be re-

moved and come in as the juniors of their respective ranks , to

rife in the regular course of the service till they attain the rank

of senior merchants, then to remain fixed as in the cafe of the

senior merchants to be so transferred: provided always, That Regulations

as to rank of

allsuch servants , ifthey shall decline to accept of such appoint- merchants,

ments, shall be entitled to retire upon the salary of their respec- &c. fo trans-

tive ranks, exclusive of the salary annexed to their office. ferred ,

IV. And be it further enacted , That from and after such who shall take

transfers, the servants so transferred shall take rank and pre - rank and

cedence , and shall rise in the presidency of Fort Saint George Precedence, as

if they had

DD4according originally be.

408 Anno regni , quadragesimo fecundoGEORGII III. c. 31. [1802.

longedtoFort according to the true intent and meaning of such orders and

St. George : directions as aforesaid; and they shall be capable of being appointed to fill up, supply , and hold any offices , places, or em-

ployments, under the said presidency of Fort Saint George , in

like manner as if they had been originally appointed and had

belonged to the said presidency; any law or statute to the contrary thereof in any way notwithstanding ...

but such civil V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That such

servants aa

shall not be

civil servants belonging to the said settlementat Fort Mart-

fo transferred ,

borough, who shall not be transferred by such order and direc-

shall hold

tion as aforesaid to the said presidency of Fort Saint George , Chall

their offices

be capable of holding any office or employment belonging to or

inFort

Marlborough, under the said factory at Fort Marlborough in which they may

insame

remain, or to which they may respectively be appointed by, or

manner as if it by the order of the said court of directors, or by the governor

hadnot been general in council of Fort William aforesaid, in like manner as

reduced. if the said establishment had not been reduced, or this act had

not been made.

Publick act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That this act shall be, and be

deemed and taken to be a publick act, and shall be judicially

taken notice of as such by all judges, justices, and other persons

whomsoever, without speciallypleading the fame,

CAP. XXX.

An act to continue, until the twenty- fifth day of July one thousand

eight hundred and two, an act made in the last session of parliament ,

intituled, An act to stay, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thou-

fand eight hundred and two, proceedings in actions under the statute

of King Henry the Eighth, for abridging spiritual persons from having

pluralities of livings, and from taking of ferms.- [March 24 , 1802.]

CAP. XXXI.

Analt for continuing , until the twenty- fifth day of March one thou-

fand eight hundred and three, several acts of the last session of

parliament , for continuing and granting duties to his Majesty in

Ireland.- [March 24, 1802.]

WHEREASfeveral acts were made in the parliament of Ireland , in thefortieth year of the reign of his present Majesty,

Certain acts

one, intituled, An act for granting for one year the several duties

of thepar liament of

therein mentioned, in lieu of all other duties payable upon the

Ireland of

articles therein specified during the said term, and for regulating

40Geo. 3,

the trade between this kingdom and his Majesty's colonies , and

recited.

for other purposes therein mentioned ; another, intituled , An act

for ascertaining the stock of foreign wines belonging to dealers -

in and fellers of such wines, on the twenty -fifth of March

one thousand eight hundred, and for securing certain duties of

excise thereon, and for granting to his Majesty a further duty

on rum imported, and certain duties on the exportation of certain goods to the British plantations in America and the Wist

Indies , in lieu of all other duties ; another, intituled , An act for

the union of Great Britain and Ireland; another, intituled, An act

1802. ) Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGI III. с. 3г. 409

act for granting to his Majesty excise duties on foreign wines in

his Majesty's stores, or in the stores or warehouses of dealers in

or retailers of wine, at the time therein mentioned , and for

granting further duties on spirits distilled, and on tweets or

made wines made in Ireland; another, intituled, An act for

granting an additional dutyon refined sugars imported into this

kingdom; another , intituled , An act for amending and making

perpetual the several laws for régulating the watch in the district

of the metropolis, and for granting afurther duty upon pawn-

brokers; another , intituled , An act for granting to his Majesty ,

his heirs and fuccessors, certain duties and rates upon the port-

age and conveyance of all letters and packets within this king-

dom , and two several other acts were made in the famefeffion of the

parliament of Ireland, for granting to his Majesty the several duties

therein mentioned , to be levied by the commissioners for managing the

flampduties ; and another alt was made in the samefeffion of the

parliament of Ireland, intituled , An act to amend and explain

an act passed in the fortieth year of the reign of his present

Majesty, intituled, ' An act for granting to his Majesty, his

heirs and fuccessors , several duties therein mentioned, to be

levied by the commissioners for managing the stamp duties?"

and whereas an act was made in the parliament of the united king-

domof Great Britain and Ireland, in the forty first year of hissaid

Majesty's reign, intituled , An act for continuing , until the twenty- 41 Geo. 3.

fifthday of March one thousand eight hundred and two, certain

C. 17.

acts of the last session of the parliament of Ireland , for granting

duties to his Majesty: and wherens another act was passed in the

famefeffion of parliament , intituled , An act for repealing certain 41 Geo. 3 .

duties upon tea imported into Ireland, and for granting other C. 33-

duties in lieu thereof ; and for granting additional duties on

sugar and coals imported into Ireland : and whereas another act

was passed in the samefeffion of parliament, intituled, An act for 41 Geo. 3 .

granting to his Majesty, until the twenty- fifth day of March C. 58.

one thousand eight hundred and two, additional stamp duties in

Irelandon bonds, bills of exchange, and promifiory notes, and

on certain insurances therein mentioned; and for the relief of

persons in Ireland holding obligatory instruments, called Kerry

Bonds , which have been executed without being duly hamped :

and whereas another act was passed in the same session of parliament, intituled , An act to continue, until the twenty-fifth day 41 Geo. 3 .

of March one thousand eight hundred and two, so much of an

C. 93 .

act made in the present session of parliament, as permits British

hops to be imported into Ireland at a low rate of duty: and

whereas another actwas passedin the famefession of parliament, intituled , An act to repeal the tax on salaries, profits ofemployments, 41 GEO . 34

fees , and pensions in Ireland , of persons not resident in Ireland , C. 100.

for a certain period : and whereas the duties continued by the faidfirst-

mentioned aft , passed in the forty- first year of his Majesty's reign , not

altered or repeated by any any other of the said acts passed in the forty - first

year ofbis Majesty's reign, and also the duties granted by certain other

afts made in the faidforty- first year of hissaid Majesty's reign , will expire

410 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. С.31 . [1802.

expire on the twenty- fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred

and two : and whereas it is expedient that the saidfirst- recited act,

passed in the forty - first year of his Majesty's reign, and the duties

thereby continued , except the duties afterwards repealed as aforesaid ,

and also thefeveral duties granted by any of the said other acts poffed

in the forty- first year of bis Majesty's reign, the duration of which

were limited to the twenty- fifth day of March one thousand eight

hundred and two, should be further continued; be it therefore

enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the

advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal , and

commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the au-

Du'ies con-

thority of the fame , That the duties by the said first-recited act

tinuedbythe

recited act ,

passed in the forty- first year of his Majesty's reign, continued

41Geo. 3 .

until and upon the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand

c. 17. and not eight hundred and two, and not repealed by any of the said

sincerepealed, other acts passed in the forty- first year of his Majesty's reign,

and also the

duties granted or by any act passed in this session of parliament, and also the

by the other several duties granted by the said last-mentioned other acts made

above recited in the forty- first year of his Majesty's reign, the duration of

acts of

which is limited to the twenty-fifth day of March one thou-

41Geo. 3 .

shall be fur- fand eight hundred and two, shall respectively continue , and be

thercontinued in force throughout Ireland , from and after the twenty-fifth day of

till March 25, March one thousand eight hundred and two until and upon the

1803, &c. twenty- fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and

three ; and that all the said recited acts , so far as they are not

altered or repealed as aforesaid, and all the powers and provi-

sions, articles and clauses, matters and things, containedtherein,

or any of them, shall be observed and complied with during the

time hereby granted, as fully and effectually, as if the famebad

been extended to the term hereby granted, and had made part

thereof ; and the several articles in respect whereof any duty is

continued or imposed by the said recited acts, or any of them,

until and upon the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand

eight hundred and two, and not repealed as aforesaid, shall respectively be liable to the duty or duties hereby continued or

payable on the same, under the regulations and provisions of

the said recited acts respectively, from the twenty -fifth day of

March one thousand eight hundred and two until and upon the

twenty- fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and three ,

according to the true intent and meaning of this act .

Moniesarifing II . And be it enacted, That all the monies arising from the

by the duties, duties hereby continued, and not by any of the said acts ap-

shall be carried propriated or directed to be applied to any particular use or uses,

to the confo-

lidated tund

purpose or purposes, (the necessary charges of raising and paying

of Ireland .

the fame , being deducted), shall be carried to and made part of

Act may be

the consolidated fund of Ireland.

altered or re-

III. And be it enacted, That this act may be varied, altered ,

pealed this

amended, or repealed, in the present session of parliament.

session.

CAP

1

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGIIIII. C. 33. 411

CAP. XXXII.

An act to enable his Majesty to grant certain parcels of land, situate be-

tween Great Prince Rock and the village of Crab Tree, called Tothill

Bay . andLipfon Bay , near to the borough of Plymouth in the county

ofDevon , to certain persons therein named, for the purpose of em-

banking and preserving the same from the fea.-[March 24, 1802.]

САР. XXXIII.

An attfor raising the sum of twenty- five millions by way of

annuities .- [April 15, 1802. ]

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects , the

commons of the united kingdom of Great Britain and

Ireland , in parliament assembled, being desirous to raise the

necessary supplies which we have chearfully granted to your

Majesty in this session of parliament, have resolved that the fum

of twenty- five millions be raised by annuities, in mannerherein-

after mentioned; and do therefore most , humbly beseech your

Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King's

most excellent majesty , by and with the advice and consent of

the lords : spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present

parliament assembled , and by the authority of the same, That very con-

every contributor towards , raising the said fum of twenty - five tributor of

millions shall , for every one hundred pounds contributed and rool. to be

entitled to a

paid , be entitled to the principal sum of sixty-five pounds , inprincipal of

consolidated annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum 651. and of

per annum, to commence from the fifth day of January one 61. 198. 3d.

in the

thousand eight hundred and two, and to an additional principalcent . consols,

fum of six pounds nineteen shillings and three-pence in like and of60l. in

consolidated annuities, to commence from the fifth day of the 3 percent.

January one thousand eight hundred and eight; and also to areduced.

further principal sum of sixty pounds in reduced annuities, after

the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, to commence

from the fifth day of April one thousand eight hundred and

two.

II. And whereas, pursuant to and upon the terms and conditions

expressed in the said resolution , several persons have , in books opened

at the bank of England for that purpose , Subscribed together the

whole of the saidfum of twenty- five millions , to be raised by annui-

ties ; and made deposits of ten pounds per centum on the respective

fums by themsofubscribed to the said fum of twenty- five millions to be

raised by annuities, with the cashiers of the governor and company of

the bank of England; be it therefore enacted, That it shall and Contributors

who have

may be lawful to and for such contributors, who have made madedeposits

suchdepofits with the cashier or cashiers of the governor and to pay the

company of the bank of England , ( which cashier or cashiers is remainders of

and are hereby appointed the receiver and receivers of such con- subscriptions

tributions, without any other warrant to be had in that behalf ,) by inttal-

ments.

to

412 Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGI III. C. 33. [1802.

to advance and pay unto the said cashier or cashiers of the gover-

nor and company of the bank of England , the several remainders

of the sums by them respectively subscribed towards the

said fum of twenty-five millions, at or before the respective

days and times, and in the proportions herein-after limited and

appointed in that behalf ; ( that is to say ,) the further fum of

ten pounds per centum, on or before the twenty-first day of May.

one thousand eight hundred and two; the further fum often

pounds per centum, on or before the eighteenth day of June

then next following; the further fum of fifteen pounds percen-

tum , on or before the sixteenthday of July then next following;

the further fum of ten pounds per centum , on or before the

twentieth day of August then next following; the further fum of

ten pounds per centum , on or before the seventeenth day of

September then next following; the further fum of ten pounds

per centum , on or before the nineteenth day of October then next

following; the further sum of ten pounds per centum, on or be-

fore the nineteenth day of November then next following; and

the remaining sum of fifteen pounds per centum , on or before

the seventeenth day of December then next following.

Guardians

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be

maysubscribe lawful for any guardian or trustee, having the disposition of the

infants.

money of any infant, tocontribute and pay for or towardsad-

vancing the said sum of twenty-five millions, to be raised by

annuities in manner aforesaid ; and such infant , upon the payment of such sum or sums subscribed by such guardian or

trustee, shall become a contributor within the meaning of this

act, and be entitled to have and receive the annuities , ad-

vantages, and payments, in respect thereof , in such and the like .

manner as any other contributor; and the said guardian and

trustee , as to the said fum or sums so advanced, is hereby dif .

charged , so as the name of such infant beexpressed in the receipt

or receipts for such money.

Exchequer bills raised

IV. And be it further enacted, That the loans or exchequer

bills, together with the interest, premium, rate, and chargesby virtue of incident to or attending the fame, created or raised under and

c. 9. and c. 17.

tobereceived by virtue of an act passed in this session of parliament , intituled ,

in payment ofAn alt for raising the sum offive millions by loans or exchequer

the instal-

bills, for theservice of the united kingdom, for theyear one thousand

ments herein mentioned.

eight - hundred and tws , shall be, and are hereby charged and

chargeable upon, and receivable and received in payment of the

first seven instalments of the loan granted by this act; and that

all exchequer bills created and raited under an act pasled in this

session of parliament , intituled, An att for raising a further fum

ofmoney by louns or exchequer bills for theservice of Great Britain

for the year one thousand eight hundred and two , that shall have

been , or shall be chargeable or charged upon, or issued upon the

credit of the ninth and tenth instalments in the said last recited :

act mentioned, shall be , and are hereby charged upon, and shall

be repaid in equal proportions out of the ninth instalment of

the loan bythis act granted ; anything in any act or acts to the

contrary notwithstanding. V. And

2. ۲۰

e

ve

ofthree 1802.) Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. C. 33. 413

V. And be it further enacted, That every contributor who Exchequer

shall be possessed of any exchequer bill or bills made out bybills contained

in the annexed

vinue of three several acts of this present session of parliament, schedule may

for railing money by loans or exchequer bills for the service ofbe delivered in

the year one thousand eight hundred and two, and which are on theinftal-

مان

contained in the schedule hereunto annexed, marked A, not ex- ment due

ceedingin

thallbe at liberty to pay or deliver in the fame, on account of the

the whole the sum of five hundred thousand pounds, 1802.

on April 14 ,

instalment which small become Jue by virtue of this act, on the

fourteenth day of April one thousand eight hundred and two.

VI. And be it further enacted, That every contributor paying Discount tobe

in the whole of the fums by them respectively subscribed in re-

on

spect of

the said fum of twenty- five millions , to be contributed Pay whole

the of

as aforesaid , at any time on or before the eighteenth day of subscription

November one thousand eight hundred and two, shall be entitled by Nov. 18,

toxan allowance of so much money as the interest of each sum 1802 .

fo paid in advance for completing his, her , or their contribution

respectively thall amount unto, after the rate of four pounds

per centum per annum from the day of completing the fame, to

the seventeenth day of December one thousand eight hundred and

1

two , which allowance is to be paid by the said cathier or cashiers

out of the money to be contributed in pursuance of his act , as

soon as such respective contributors , their executors, administra-

tors , successors , and assigns , shall have completed such payment.

VH. And be it further enacted, That the several subscribers Contributors

of

contributors, their executors, administrators, successors, and entitled to

aigns , in repe their the faidfum of twenty- five millions, shalltrable

ties payable

be entitled for every one hundred pounds by him, her , or them half - yearly ,

respectively advanced and paid to an annuity after the rate ofbut nottill

treepoundsprinced and to commence from the fifth day of subscriptione

mary one hundred and two, until redemption are completed.

byparliament in manner herein- after mentioned; and also to

an annuityafter the like rate ofthree pounds per centum , in respect

of the said additional principal fum of six pounds nineteen

bilings and three-pence to commence from the fifth day of

1

January and three -pen eight hundred and eight, until redemp

on by parlia thousand siger herein- after mentioned ; and Chall

tobe entitlement inpect of every such one hundred pounds fe

Pands advancedand paid to a further annuity, after the rate of three

a respect of the additional principal fum of

undertum, in rebelay of April one thousand eighteen

after mentioned ; which said respectiveannuities , after the rate

dred and two, until redemption

by parliament in manner

pounds per centum , shall be payable , and paid half-

consolidated annuities , after the rate of three poundspercentum ,

the fifth day

day of Famelaidre

Mat; the repayment upon the said consolidated annuitier

duced annuities , after the rate of three pounds per centum , on

at day of commencements , and the on

of April and the tenth day of October in every

414 Annoregni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 33. [1802.

after the rate of three pounds per centum, in respect of the said

fum of sixty-five pounds, to be due on the fifth day of July

one thousand eight hundred and two; and on the said consoli-

dated annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum , in

respect of the said fum of six pounds nineteen shillings and three-

pence, on the fifth day of July one thousand eight hundred and

eight; and on the said reduced annuities after the rate of three

pounds per centum, on the tenth day of October one thousand

eight hundred and two; but shall not be payable until the respective, subscribers or contributors, their executors, adminif-

trators, fuccessors, or assigns, shall have completed the whole

of the fums by them subscribed for the purchase of the said

annuities.

As soon as

VIII. And be it further enacted, That as soon as any con-

subscriptions tributors, their executors, administrators, successors, or assigns,

are completedshall have completed their payments of such part of the whole

they may transferred . fum payable by them respectively towards the said sum of

twenty- five millions, as shall be payable in respect of the several

consolidated annuities, after the rate ofthree pounds per centum,

to which they respectively shall become entitled, in respect of

such subscriptions, the principal sum or sums in the said consolidated annuities shall forthwith be, in the books of the bank

of England , placed to the credit of such respective contributors,

their executors, administrators, successors , and assigns, com.

pleting such payments respectively; and as soon as such contri-

butors, their executors, administrators, successors, or assigns,

shall have completed the payments of such part of the whole

sum payable by them respectively towards the said fum of

twenty-five millions , as shall be payable in respect of the said

reduced annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum , or

any part thereof , the principal fum or fums in the said reduced

annuities shall forthwith be, in the books of the bank of England ,

placed to the credit of such respective contributors, their execu-

tors, administrators, successors, and assigns, completing such payments; and the persons to whose credit such principal fums

thall be replaced, their respective executors, administrators, fuc-

cessors, and assigns, thall and may have power to assign and

transfer the fame , or any part, share , or proportion thereof , to

any other person or persons, body or bodies politick or corpo-

rate whatsoever, in the books of the bank of England; and the

said governor and company of the bank of England are hereby

required, as soon as conveniently may be after the passing of

this act, to prepare proper books for the purpose of entering

the names ofall such contributors, and ofplacing to their credit

the principal fums so paid by them respectively ; and that such of

the said contributors, their executors, administrators, successors,

orafsigns, who shall complete the payments of such parts of

the whole fum payable by them respectively, towards the said

fum of twenty- five millions, as shall be payable in respect of

any or either of the said respective annuities, at any time before

the governor and company of the bank of England shall have

prepared

1802. ] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c . 33. 415.

preparedtheir receipts according to the directions of this act ,

shall be entitled to have the fums so paid forthwith placed to their

credit in the books of the bank of England ; and the said gover-

nor and company are hereby required to cause such sums to be

forthwith placed to the creditof the persons entitled to the an-

nuities in respect thereof , in the books of the said bank ofEng-

land ; and such entries in the said books shall be in lieu of the

receipts hereby directed to be given for all fums paid in manner

aforesaid; and such fums shall carry the respective consolidated

annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum,

and the said reduced annuities after the rate of three pounds

per centum per annum, respectively, redeemable by parliament;

and shall respectively be taken and deemed to be stock transferrable according to the true intent and meaning of this act,

until redemption thereof , in such manner as is herein- after

mentioned .

IX . Provided always, andbe it further enacted, That all and Contributors

every such contributor or contributors, his, her, or their exe. paying the

whole of

cutors, administrators, successors, and assigns, who thall have their subscrip-

paid into the hands of the said cashier or cathiers the wholeof his, tions by the

her , or their contribution money, for the purchase of the said times herein

consolidated annuities after the rate of three poundsper centum specified to be

entitled to

per annum in respect of the said sum of sixty- five pounds on or annuities

before the second day of July one thousand eight hundred and at certain

two , shall be entitled to have and receive on the fifth day ofperiods.

July one thousand eight hundred and two, at the bank of

England , the half year's annuity after the rate of three pounds

per centum , that shall become due on the said fifth day of July

one thousand eight hundred and two; and that all and every

such contributor or contributors, his, her, or their executors,

administrators , successors , and assigns, who shall have paid into

thehands of the said cashier or cashiers, the whole of his, her,

or their contribution money in respect to the said reduced an-

nuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, on

or before the feventh day of October one thousand eight hundred

and two, thall be entitled to have and receive, on the tenth day

of October one thousand eight hundred and two, at the bank of

England , the half year's annuity , after the rate of three pounds

per centum per annum, that shall become due on the said tenth

day of October one thousand eight hundred and two; and that

all and every person or persons, who shall not have completed

the whole of their said payments, on or before the said second

day of July one thousand eight hundred and two, or the said

feventh day of October one thousand eight hundred and two,

shall , on completing the same within the time in this act pre-

scribed , be entitled to receive the year's annuity, on each of

the annuities by this act granted in respect of the said sums

of sixty -five pounds and sixty pounds, from the fifth day of

January one thousand eight hundred and two, and the fifth

day of April one thousand eight hundred and two, respectively

as

416 Annoregni quadragesimo secundoGEORGH III.C.33. [1802.

as the same shall become due, according to the true intent and

meaning of this act.

Annuities payable and transferrable at the bank.

X. And be it further enacted, That all the annuities aforesaid shall be payable and paid, andbe transferrable, at the bank

of England; and shall be subject to such redemption as is herein-

after mentioned.

Money tobe XI. And be it enacted , That so much money shall, from

issuedout of time to time, be set apart and issued at the receipt of the exche-

the consoli-

datedfundof quer in England, out of the consolidated fund of Great Britain,

Great Britain to the said cathier or cashiers of the governor and company of

forpayment the bank of England , as shall be sufficient to satisfy and pay

ofannuities the respective annuities to be created in respect of the said fum

and charges ; of twenty-five millions, together with the charges attending

the fame .

and shall be

XII. And be it further enacted, That all the said annuities,

charged upon interest, and dividends, which shall become payable in respect of

the saidfund . the said fum of twenty- five millions, shall be charged and

chargeable upon, and are hereby charged upon and made payable

out of , the consolidated fund of Great Britain.

Thetreasury

XIII . And be it further enacted, That the commissioners of

in Ireland to

his Majesty's treasury in Ireland , or any three or more of them

issue out of

the consoli-

for the time being, shall from time to time, without any further

dated fund

warrant to be fued for, had, or obtained in this behalf , cause

and pay into to be issued at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer out of the

the exchequer consolidated fund of Ireland , and paid into the receipt of his

in England, Majesty's exchequer in England , so much monies as shall be

money to

answer annui- sufficient from time to time to answer to the said exchequer in

ties, &c. to

England , the several and respective annuities and other pay-

acertain

amount.

ments hereby directed to be paid thereout; and that such payments shall be made into the said exchequer in England halt-

yearly , by even and equal portions, (that is to say ,) such of the

said fums as shall be paid for the consolidated annuities in respect of the said fum of two millions, on or before the first day

of July and the fust day of January in every year; and such of

the said fums as shall be paid for the reduced annuities in respect

of the said fum, on or before the first day of April and the fifth

day of October in every year; the first payment upon the said

consolidated annuities in respect of the said fum of sixty- five

pounds, to be made on or before the first day of July one

thousand eight hundred and two, and in respect of the laid sum

of six pounds nineteen shillings and three-pence on or before the

first day of July one thousand eight hundred and eight, and on

the said reduced annuity on or before the first day of April one

thousand eight hundred and two.

The bank to

XIV . And, for the more easy andfure payment of all the several

appoint a

annuities established by this act , be it further enacted, That the

cashier and an

said governor and company of the bank of England , and their

accountant general, and

successors, shall from time to time, until all the said annuities

the treasury

shall be redeemed, appoint and employ one or more sufficient

to order

person or persons, within their office in the city of London, to

money to be

be

1802. ] Anno regni quadragesimofecundoGEORGII III. c. 33. 417

I betherchief or first cashier or cashiers, and one other sufficient issued to the

person , within the fame office, to be their accountant general ; cashier for payment of

and that fo

muchof the monies by this act appropriated for the annuities.

pupose , as shall be sufficient from time to time to answer the

several and respective annuities, and other payments, herein

directed to be made out of the said monies, in respect of the

whole of the said fum of twenty-five millions, shall by order of

the

commissioners of the treasury of Great Britain, or any three

or more of them, or the high treasurer of Great Britain for the

time being , without any further warrant to be fued for , had, or

obtained in that behalf , from time to time , at the respective

days of payment in this act appointed for payment thereof , be

Hlued and paid at the receipt of the exchequer in Great Britain,

to the said first orchief cashier or cashiers of the said governor

and company of the bank of England , and their fuccessors, for

the time being, by way of imprest and upon account, for the

payment of the said several and respective annuities payable by

Virtue of this act; and that such cashier or cashiers, to whom

the said money shall from time to time be issued, shall from time

to time , without delay , pay the same accordingly, and render

his or their accounts thereof , according to the due course of the

exchequer in Great Britain; and that the said accountant general for the time being shall from time to time inspect and ex-

amine all receipts and payments of the said cashier or cashiers,

and thevouchers relating thereto, in order to prevent any fraud,

negligence, or delay .

XV . And be it further enacted, That the cashier or cashiers Cashier to

of the governor and company of the bank of England , who give receipts

forfubfcrip-

shall have received, or shall receive any part of the said contri- tions, which

butions towards the said sum of twenty- five millions, shall give maybe af-

areceipt or receipts in writing to every such contributor for all signed before

such fums; and that the receipts to be given shall be assignable Nov. 17 , 1802 .

byindorsement thereupon made, at any time before the seven-

teenth day of November one thousand eight hundred and two,

andno longer : provided always, That such cashier or cashiers Cashier to

shall give security to the good liking of any three or more ofgive security

torpaying the

the commissioners of the treasury, or the high treasurer of Great money he

Britain for the time being, for duly answering and paying into receives into

the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer in Great Britain , as after the exche-

mentioned , for the publick use, all the monies which they have quer.

already received , and shall hereafter receive from time to time,

ofand for the whole of the said sum of twenty-five millions,

and for accounting duly for the fame, and for performance of

the trust hereby in them reposed , and shall from time to time

payall such monies as soon as he or they small receive the same,

orany part thereof , orwithin five days afterwards at the farthest ,

intoand shall account for the fame, in the exchequer of Great

Britain , according to the due course thereof , deducting thereout

such fums as shall have been paid by hiin or them in pursuance

of this act, for which sums so paid allowance shall be made in

his or their accounts.

VOL. XLIII. EE XVI. And

418 Annoregni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III.C.33 . [1802.

Abook to be

XVI. And be it enacted, That in the office of the accountant

kept in the

general of the governor and company of the bank of England

accountant general's of-

for the time being, a book or books shall be provided and kept,

ficeforenter

in which the names of the contributors shall be fairly entered;

ing contri-

which book or books, the said respective contributors, their re-

butors names, spective executors, administrators, successors, and assigns, shall

aduplicate

whereoftobe and may from time to time, and at all seasonable times, resort

transmitted to to and inspect without any fee or charge ; and that the said ac-

theauditor of countant general shall, on or before the fifth day of July one

the exche- thousand eight hundred and three, transmit an attested duplicate ,

quer.

fairlywritten on paper, of the said book or books into the office

of the auditor of the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer of Great

Britain, there to remain for ever.

Contributors

XVII. And be it further enacted, That such contributors,

dulypaying

duly paying the whole sum so subscribed at or before the re-

scriptions entitled to annuities

spective times, in this act limited in that behalf , and their respective executors, administrators, successors and assigns, shall

have, receive, and enjoy , and be entitled by virtue of this act to

tax free.

have, receive, and enjoy the said several annuities, by this act

granted in respect of the sum so subscribed, out of the monies

granted and appropriated in this session of parliament for payment thereof , and thall have good and sure interests and estates

therein , according to the several provisions in this act contained,

and that the said several annuities shall be free from all taxes,

charges, and impositions whatsoever.

Subscriptions

XVIII. Provided always, That in case any such contributors

paid in part who have already deposited with, or shall hereafter pay to the

and not com-

pletedfor-

said cashier or cashiers any sum or sums of money at the time

feited .

and in the manner herein-before mentioned, in part of the sum

or fums so by them respectively subscribed, or their respective

executors, administrators, successors, or assigns, shall not advance

and pay to the said cashier or cashiers, the residue of the sum or

sums so subscribed at the times and in the manner before mentioned , then and in every such case so much of the respective

fum or fums so subscribed, as shall have been actually paid in

part thereof to the said cashier or cashiers, shall be forfeited for

the benefit of the publick, and all right and title to the said an-

nuities after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, and

of three pounds per centum per annum respectively, in respect

thereof , shall be extinguished; any thing in this act contained to

thecontrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

Annuities to

be deemed

personal estate .

XIX. And be it further enacted, That all persons who shall

be entitled to any of the annuities hereby granted in respect of

the said fum of twenty- five millions, and all persons lawfully

claiming under them, shall be possessed thereof as of a personal

estate , which shall not be descendible to heirs, nor liable to any

foreign attachment by the custom of London, or otherwise; any

law, statute, or custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

Treasurymay

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for

apply the moneypaid

three or more of the commissioners of the treasury , or the high

into the

treasurer of Great Britain, for the time being, to issue and apply .

exchequer.

:....... from

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 33. 419

fromtime to time all such sums of money as shall be fo paid

into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer of Great Britain, by

the said cashier or cashiers, to such services as shall then have

beenvoted by the commons of the united kingdom of Great

Britain and Ireland , in this present session of parliament .

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Treasury may

said lords commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, or any three remit to Ireland part of

or more of them, shall and may, and they are hereby autho- the loan.

rifed , out of the said sum of twenty- five millions, to remit to

the exchequer of that part of the united kingdom called Ireland ,

from time to time , any fums of money, not exceeding in the

whole the fum of two millions, to be applied to such services

for Ireland , as shall have been voted by the commons of the

united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland , in this present

session of parliament.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That books shall be con- Accountant

stantly kept by the said accountant general for the time being, general to

keep books

wherein all assignments or transfers of all fums advanced or for entering

contributed towards the said sum of twenty-five millions, shall transfers .

be entered and registered; which entry shall be conceived in

proper words for that purpose, and shall be signed by the parties

making such assignments or transfers, or if such parties be

absent, by their respective attorney or attornies thereunto lawfully

authorised, in writing under his or their hand and seal, or hands

and seals , to be attested by two or more credible witnesses ;

and that the several persons to whom such transfers shall be

made, shall respectively underwrite their acceptance thereof,

and that no other method of assigning and transferring the said

annuities, or any part thereof , or any interest therein, shall be

good or available in law: provided always, That all persons Stock may be

possessed of any share or interest in either of the said stocks of devised.

annuities , or any estate or interest therein, may devise the same -

bywill , in writing, attested by two or more credible witnesses ;

but that no payment shall be made upon any such devise, until fo

much of the said will as relates to such share, estate, or interest,

in the said stocks of annuities, be entered in the said office ; and

that in default of such transfer or devise, such share, estate, or

interest, in the said stocks of annuities, shall go to the execu-

liable to stamp

tors, administrators, successors, and assigns; and that no stamp Transfers not

duties whatsoever shall be charged on any of the said transfers; duties.

any law or statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted , That Treasury may

out of the monies arising from the contributions towards raising defray inci-

ex-

the said fum of twenty-five millions by annuities, any three or pences out of

more of the commissioners of the treasury , or the high treasurer contributions

of Great Britain for the time being, shall have power to dif- and allow

charge all such incident charges as thall necessarily attend the salaries to the

cashier and execution of this act, in such manner as to them shall seem accountant

just and reasonable; and also to fettle and appoint such allow- general.

ances as tshall be thought proper for the service, pains, and

labour of the said cashier or cashiers, for receiving, paying, and accounting

EE2

420 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 33. [1802.

accounting for the said contributions; and also shall have power

to make, out of the said consolidated fund, such further allow-

ances as thall be judged reasonable for the service, pains, and

labour of the said cashier or cashiers for receiving, paying, and

accounting for the said annuities payable by virtue of this act ;

and also for the service, pains, and labour of the said accountant

general, for performing the trust reposed in him by this act; all

which allowances to be made as aforesaid, in respect of the fer-

vice, pains, and labour , of any officer or officers of the said

governor and company, shall be for the use and benefit of the

said governor and company, and at their disposal only.

The31. per

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That all the monies to

cent . consols . which any person or persons shall become entitled by virtue of

under this act

to be addedto this act, in respect of any fum advanced or contributed towards

thejoint flock the said sum of twenty-five millions, on which the said annui-

ofal. per cent. ties, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, in re-

consols.

spect of the said sum of sixty-five pounds, and six pounds nine-

teen shillings and three-pence, shall be attending, shall be added

to thejoint stock of annuities transferrable at the bank of England , into which the several fums carrying an interest after the

rate of three pounds per centum per annum, were, by several acts

made in the twenty- fifth, twenty-eighth, twenty-ninth, thirty-

second, and thirty-third years of the reign of his late majesty

King George the Second, and by several subsequent acts, conso-

lidated, and shall be deemed part of the said joint stock of an-

nuities, subject nevertheless to redemption by parliament, in

such manner, and upon such notice as in the said act made in

1

the twenty- fifth year of his said late Majesty's reign, is directed

in respect of the several and respective annuities redeemable by

virtue of the said act; and that all and every person and persons

and corporations whatsoever, in proportion to the money to

which he, she , or they shall become entitled as aforesaid by

virtue of this act, shall have and be deemed to have a propor-

tional interest and share in the said joint stock of annuities at

the rates aforesaid.

The 31. per

XXV. And be it further enacted, That all the monies to

cent. reduced which any person or persons shall become entitled by virtue of

tobe added to this act, in respect of any fum advanced or contributed towards

thejoint stock

of31. percent, the said fum of twenty-five millions, on which the said annuity

reduced. last mentioned, after the rate of three pounds per centum per

annum, shall be attending, shall be added to thejoint stock of an-

nuities transferrable at the bank of England , which by an act made

in the twenty-third year of the reign of his late Majesty, were

reduced from four pounds per centumper annum, to three pounds

per centum per annum, and shall be deemed part of the faidjoint

stock of annuities, subject nevertheless to redemption by parliament, in such manner and upon such notice as in the several

acts by which the said annuities after the rate of four pounds

percentum per annum were respectively granted, are directed in

respect of the annuities redeemable by virtue thereof , and that

all and every person and persons, and corporations whatsoever, in

1802. ] Annoregni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. C. 33. 421

inproportion to the money to which he, she, or they shall be-

comeentitled as aforesaid by virtue of this act, shall have and

be deemed to have a proportional interest and share in the said

joint stock of annuities at the rate aforesaid.1

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any person or Persons counterfeiting

persons shall forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to bereceipts for

forged or counterfeited, or shall willingly act or assist in the contributions,

forging or counterfeiting any receipt or receipts for the whole &c. guilty of

of , or any part or parts of , the said contributions towards the felony.

said fum of twenty-five millions, either with or without the

name or names of any person or persons being inserted therein,

as the contributor or contributors thereto, or payer or payers

thereof , or of any part or parts thereof , or shall alter anynum-

ber , figure , or word therein, or utter or publish, as true, any

such false, forged, counterfeited, or altered receipt or receipts,

with intent to defraud the governor and company of the bank

of England , or any body politick or corporate, or any person or

persons whatsoever, every such person or persons so forging or

counterfeiting, or causing or procuring to be forged or counter.

feited , or willingly acting or assisting in the forging or counter-

feiting , or altering, uttering, or publishing as aforesaid, being

thereof convicted in due form oflaw, shall be adjudged guilty of

felony, and hall suffer death as a felon ,without benefit ofclergy.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, ThatBank to continue a cor-

the said governor and company of the bank of England , and poration till

their successors, notwithstanding the redemption of all or any of the annuities

their own funds, in pursuance of the acts for establishing the fame , herebygranted

or any of them, shall continue a corporation for the purposes ofceafe.

this act, until all the annuities by this act granted shall be re-

deemed by parliament as aforesaid; and that the said governor

and company of the bank of England , or any member thereof ,

shall not incur any disability for or by reason of their doing any

matter or thing in pursuance of this act .

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no fee, reward, No fee to be

or gratuity whatsoever, shall be demanded or taken of any oftakenfor receiving con-

his Majesty's subjects, for receiving or paying the said subscrip- tributions, or

tionor contribution monies, or any of them, or for any receipt paying or

concerning the same, or for paying the said annuities, or anytransterring

of them, or for any transfer of any fum, great or small, bannuities,

tobe

on

made in pursuance of this act , upon pain that any officer orpenalty of20l.

person offending, by taking or demanding any such fee, reward,

or gratuity, shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of

twenty pounds to the party aggrieved, with full costs of suit , to

be recovered by action ofdebt, bill, plaint, or information, in

any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster , wherein

no essoign , protection, privilege, or wager of law, injunction,

or order of restraint , or any more than one imparlance shall be

granted or allowed.

XXIX . And be it further enacted, That if any person orper- Persons fued ,

fons thall be fued, molested, or prosecuted, for any thing done may plead the

by virtue or in pursuance of his act, such person or persons shall general issue.

and may plead the general issue, and give this act and the

EE3 special

422 Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III.c.33. [1802 .

special matter in evidence for his, her, or their defence or de-

fences; and if afterwards a verdict shall pass for the defendant

or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall discontinue his,

her, or their action or prosecution, or be nonsuited , or judge-

⚫⚫ment shall be given against him, her, or them, upon demurrer

Treble costs .

or otherwise, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble

costs awarded to him, her, or them, against any such plaintiff

orplaintiffs .

Act maybe

altered or

XXX. And be it further enacted, That this act may be

repealed this varied, altered, or repealed by any act to be passfed in this session

session . of parliament.

SCHEDULE A. to which this Act refers ,

BY virtue of an act of the present session of parliament for

raising a certain sum of money by loans or exchequer bills for

the service of the year one thousand eight hundred and two.

No. 1,945 to 2,015

71,000

No. 2,420 to 2,454

Nos. 1,631 , 1,780 , 1,781

35,000

3,000

No. 2,020 to 2,023

4,000

No. 2,500 to 2,514

15,000

No. 3,973 to 3,977

No. 2,415 to 2,419

5,000 5,000

Nos. 1,808 and 1,809

1,000

Nos. 1,625, 1,626, and 1,627

No. 3,642

-

3,000 1,000

No. 2,482 to 2,486

No. 2,138 to 2,222

- 5,000 85,000

No. 3,610 to 3,624

- 15,000

No. 3,978 to 3,982- 5,000

No. 2,223 1,000

Nos. 965 and 966 1,000

No. 2,495 to 2,499

5,000

No. 871 to 875 2,500

Nos. 1,927, 1,928 and 1,929 3,000

No. 2,237 to 2,270 34,000

£.299,500

BY virtue of another act of his session of parliament for raising

afurther sum ofmoney by loans or exchequer bills for the fer-

vice of the year one thousand eight hundred and two.

No. 2,623 to 2,648

- 13,000

Nos. 4,573 and 4,574

- 2,000

Nos. 4,769 and 4,987

2,000

No. 2,203 to 2,206

2,000

No. 5,131 to5,140-

10,000

No.

1

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 34. 423

No. 4,052 to 4,061

- 10,000

No. 4,398 to 4,407

10,000

No. 2,110 to 2,129

10,000

No. 5,120 to 5,125

6,000

£.65,000

By virtue of another act of his session of parliament for raising

the tum of one million by loans or exchequer bills for the service

of the year one thousand eight hundred and two.

No. A. go to A. 120

31,000

No. A. 192 to A. 261

- 70,000

No. A. 380 to Α. 399

- 20,000

No. A. 161 to A. 169-

4,500

No. A. 412 to A. 421

10,000

£ .135.500

CA P. XXXIV.

An altfor granting to his Majesty certain additional duties on

windows or lights, and on inhabited houses; and for consolidating

the fame with the present duties thereon. [April 15, 1802. ]

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects , the

commons of the united kingdom of Great Britain and

Ireland , in parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary

supplies to defray your Majesty's publick expences, and making

a permanent addition to the publick revenue of Great Britain ,

have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your

Majesty the several additional rates and duties herein- after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may

be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent

majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiri-

tual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament

assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and From April

5 , 1802, in

after the fifth day of Aprilone thousand eight hundred and two, En England , and

inthat part of Great Britain called England, and from and after the term of

the term of Whitsunday one thousand eight hundred and two, in Whitsunday

that part of Great Britain called Scotland , there shall be affessed , 1802, in Scotland, the ad-

raised, levied, and paid unto and for the use of his Majesty , his ditionaldu-

heirs and successors, upon windows or lights, and upon inhabited ties in the an-

houses, the several additional rates and duties respectively in- nexed sche-

ferted, described, and fet forth in the respective schedules, dules shall be

marked A. and B. hereunto annexed . paid.

II. And whereas the faidfeveral rates and duties, and the feve-

ral duties payable at and immediately before the passing of this act ,

by virtue of an act passed in the thirty - eighth year of the reign of

EE 4 bis

424 Anno regni quadragesimo fecundoGEORGII III . C. 34. [ 1802 .

From April his present Majesty, intituled , An act for repealing the duties on

5 , 1802, in houses, windows, and lights, on inhabited houses, and on

England, and

the term of clocks and watches ; and for granting to his Majesty other

Michaelmas duties on houses, windows, and lights, and on inhabited houses,

1802, in Scot- in lieu thereof , might be more conveniently collected if the fame were

land , thead- respectively consolidated and charged under the provisions of this act ;

ditional du-

ties and the

be it further enacted, That, from and after the said fifthday of

duties pay-

April one thousand eight hundred and two, in England , and

able under

from and after the term of Whitsunday one thousand eight hun-

38Geo. 3 .

dred and two, in Scotland , the rates and duties on windows or

c. 40, on

windows or

lights granted by the before-mentioned act, and the duties

lights, and

hereby granted on windows or lights, and the rates and duties

oninhabited houses, shall

on inhabited houses, granted by the before-mentioned act, and

beconfoli-

the duties hereby granted on inhabited houses, shall respectively

dated and

be consolidated, afsessed, and charged together, as the same are

charged toge. respectively inserted, described, and set forth in the schedules

ther , as fet

marked A. and B.; which several schedules, and the rules

forth in the

annexed

therein contained, shall be deemed and construed a part of his

schedules . act , as if the fame were incorporated therewith.

Affefsmentsto III. And be it further enacted, That every assessment to be

bemade for a made of the said rates and duties in England, shall be in force

year, and for one whole year from the fifth day of April in the year in

charged upon which the same shall be made; and every such assessment ntto to be

the occupiers, made in Scotland , shall be in force for one whole year from the

but cases

whereland . term of Whitsunday, in the year in which the same shall be

lords are

made ; and the duties to be levied upon such assessments as

liable to the shall be made in England and Scotland respectively , shall be

duties under charged upon the occupier or occupiers for the time being of

the recited

act, they shall houses, cottages, or tenements, in respect whereof the said

also be liable duties shall be charged, and shall be levied of him, her, or

to theaddi- them, or his, her, or their respective executors or administra-

tionalduties. tors : provided always, that in all cafes where the rates and

duties, granted by the said act of the thirty-eighth year of the

reign of his present Majesty as aforesaid, are payable by the

landlord or landlords of any house or tenement, in such cases,

the said landlord or landlords shall be liable to the duties hereby

granted in like manner.

Occupiers for

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where

thetime being to pay

any change in the occupation of any house, cottage, or tene-

theaffe affeff

ment, shall take place after an assessment shall be made, then

ments.

and in such cafe, the duties hereby directed to be charged on the

occupier or occupiers of houses, cottages, or tenements, shall

be levied upon and paid by the occupier or occupiers for the

time being , without any new afflessment for that year, notwith-

standing such change in the occupation of such house , cottage,

or tenement.

Everyhouse, V. And be it further enacted, That every dwelling house,

&c . occupied cottage, or tenement in Great Britain ofwhatever description ,

atthe time

ofmaking the

occupied at the time of making the aflessment , thall be brought

affefsment

into charge by the respective assessors, and in their default by the

thall be

respective surveyors and inspectors, according to the number of windows

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. C. 34. 425

windows therein ; and if any assessor or assessors shall omit in the charged ac-

affeffiment of the said duties on windows or lights to charge the cording to

the number

occupier of any house, cottage, or tenement, to the said duties, ofwindows

according to the number of windows therein, whether the oc- therein, on

cupier of such house, cottage, or tenement shall be entitled to penalty ofsl .

be discharged from the fame, in manner herein- after mentioned, for any

on the assessor

or not , every such assessors shall forfeit and pay the sum offive omission.

pounds, to be recovered as any penalty to the like amount may

be recovered under any law relating to the duties charged by

aflessment.

VI. And , in order to give relief to such persons as may be unable

to pay the duties charged on them in respect of windows and lights ,

be it further enacted, That where any house , cottage, or tene- Where the

ment , in that part of Great Britain called England ,containing occupiers of

housesinEng-

not more than fix windows or lights in the whole, shall be land, contain-

brought into charge as aforesaid, and the occupier or occupiers ing not more

thereof shall receive parochial relief , or shall, by reason of his , than fix win-

her , or their poverty only, and not for any other cause, be dows, shallre-

ceiveparochi-

exempted from the actual payment of the usual taxes, affeff- al relief , or

ments, and contributions towards the church and poor, then be exempted

and in every such case the assessor or assessors shall , on the cer- byreason of

tificate ofaffefliments, set opposite the sum charged on the occu- poverty from

church and

pier thereof , the fact of his or her receiving parochial relief , or poor rates,

of being exempted by reason of poverty from payment of the the assessorss

usual taxes, afsessments, and contributions towards the church shall return

and poor, and small return such facts, together with the affeff- the facts to

the commif-

ments, to the commissioners for executing this act in the district fioners of the

where such asseslment shall be made ; and the said commissioners district , who

before the allowance of any such assessment, or making any order may strike out

thereupon, shall examine the assessors or assessors, who shall the charge ;

and in Scot-

respectively attend the said commissioners for that purpose at land, where

such time as they thall appoint touching the return so made; such occu-

and if the said commissioners shall from such examination be piers shall re-

satisfied that any occupier of any such house, cottage, or tene- ceive relief

from the kirk

ment, charged to the said duties on windows or lights, receives sessions , and

parochial relief , or is bona fide, byreason ofpoverty only, and keep no fer-

not from any other cause, exempted from the actual payment ofvant, &c. the

return the

the usual taxes, afsessments, and contributions towards the assessors shall

church and poor , it shall be lawful for the said commissioners, facts, and if

after such proof thereof , to strike out the charge against such the surveyor

occupier, and every such occupier shall be exempted accordingly of the district

from the said rates and duties hereby granted, and also from the shall certify ,

the fame , the

rates and duties hereby consolidated therewith ; and where any commissioners

house, cottage, or tenement , in that part of Great Britain called small strike

Scotland , containing not more than fix windows or lights in the out the

whole, shall be brought into charge, and the occupier or occu - charge; but

piers thereof thall be poor and indigent, and shall receive relief ifthe fur

veyor be not

trom the funds, collections, or contributions of the kirk session, satisfied , they

and shall keep no servant, carriage, horse, mule, or dog, then shall examine

and in every fuck cafe the assessors or assessorss shall , on the cer-into the truth

stated.

histificate of affeffiment , fet opposite the sum so charged the fact of of the facts

426 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 34. [ 1802.

his or her being poor and indigent, and of not having any

servant, carriage, horse , mule, or dog , and shall return such

facts, together with the affefsments, to the commissioners for

executing this act in the district ; and in case the surveyor of the

district shall be satisfied with the facts therein stated, and shall

certify the same to the said commissioners, the said commissioners shall strike out the charge against the respective occupiers

mentioned in such certificate, and in case the said surveyor shall

be dissatisfied with such statement, then the said commissioners

Unoccupied thall examine into the truth of such facts therein stated, in like

beinferted in manner as the commissioners in England are herein authorised

the affeff-

and required to do.

ments with

the number

VII. And be it further enacted, That every house or tene-

ofwindows,

ment which shall happen to be unoccupied at the time ofmaking

and shall be

the affefsment, shall be inserted as such in the affefsment, with

certified by

the number of windows contained therein ; and the assessorss,

the assesiors

and in their default the surveyors and inspectors shall cause the

to the com- same to be certified to the said commissioners, from the time of

missioners,

from the time such house or tenement coming into the occupation of any per-

of beingoccu- son or persons, and such person or persons shall cause notice

pied , and the thereof to be given to such surveyor or inspector within twenty

occupier shall days after his or their coming into the occupation of such house

givenotice thereof within or tenement ; and every person neglecting so to do mall forfeit

20days, on and pay the fum of five pounds, to be recovered in manner

penalty ofsl. aforesaid , and shall be liable moreover for such neglect to be

andbeing liable tobe

charged to the said rates and duties for the whole year, in which

chargedto the such house or tenement became fo occupied, but on giving such

duties for the notice shall be chargeable only from the time of his or her com-

whole year. ing into the occupation of such house or tenement.

Apartments ininns of

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every chamber or

court, &c.

apartment in any of the inns ofcourt or ofchancery, or in any

containing eightwin- dowsor less,

college or hall in any of the universities of Great Britain, or in

any hall or office belonging to any person or persons, body or

bodies politick or corporate, or any publick hospital , being

tobe charged perwin-

severally in the tenure and occupation of any person or persons

dow, and if

chargeable to the said rates and duties on windows or lights con-

above as an

taining eight windows or lights, or under , shall be charged

entire house.

thereto, at the rate of three shillings for every such window of

light, in respect of the rates and duties hereby granted, and the

rates and duties directed to be consolidated therewith ; and every

such chamber or apartment which shall contain more than eight

windows or lights , shall be subject to the said rates and duties,

as if the fame was an entire house.

Inhospitals , IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing

&c. only the herein contained shall be construed to extend to subject any hol-

apartments

accupied by pital, charity school, or house provided for the reception and

officers or

relief of poor persons, to the payment of the said rates or duties,

servants shall or any part thereof , except such apartments therein, as are or

be subject to may be occupied by the officers or servants thereof , which shall

butthe

hospital, &c . severally be assessed , and be subject to the same duty (according

thallbe

to the number ofwindows in each) , as they respectively are by

this

1802. ] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III . C. 34. 427

this act subject to ; provided that every such hospital, charitybrought into

school , or house for the reception and relief of poor persons charge, and

onproofof

aforesaid , thall be brought into charge by the assessors or assessorss, the facts, the

or in their default, by the surveyor or inspector, and shall be commissioners

stated on the certificate of afsessiments as such ; and on due maydischarge

proof of the fact before the commissioners by the assessorss, in duties .

manner before directed , it shall be lawful for the commissioners

for executing this act to discharge such hospital, charity school,

and house for the reception and relief of poor persons, except as

aforesaid, from the said duties, in like manner as they are authorised to discharge the assessment on poor persons .

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing .Duties not to

herein contained shall extend to charge with the said duties, orbe charged on

licensed cha-

any part thereof , any room licensed as a chapel for the purposes pels, nor on

ofdivine worship, and used for no other purpose whatsoever, nor dairies, &c .

to any windows or lights in dairies, or other rooms or places exempted by

described and exempted from the then existing duties, by an act 36Geo. 3.

c. 117; but

palled in the thirty- sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, they shall be

intituled , An act to exempt dairies and rooms, ufedfolelyfor making, brought into

keeping , and drying cheese and butter , from the duties on windows charge, and

and lights ; provided that the same shall in like manner be discharged as

brought into charge, and described as such bythe assessorss , fur- directed .

veyors , and inspectors, and on due proof discharged by the said

commissioners in the manner before directed, in other cafes of

exemption before- mentioned.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all the said several rates The duties to

and duties shall, in that part of Great Britain called England , be be paid quar-

paid by quarterly instalments, on the days herein - after men-land, and

terlyinEng-

tioned ; that is to say, on the twentieth day of June ,

for the half yearly ly in

quarter commencing from the fifth day of April , andending on the Scotland, on

fisth day of July ; the twentieth day of September, for the quarter the days

commencing from the fifth day of July, and ending on the tenth herein speci

day of October ; the twentieth day of December, for the quarter

fied .

commencing from the tenth day of October, and ending the fifth

day of January ; and the twentieth day of March, for the quar-

ter commencing on the fifth day of January, and ending on the

fifth day of April , in every year ; the first payment thereof to be

made on the twentieth day of June one thousand eight hundred

and two; and in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, by

half - yearly instalments ; that is to say , on or before the twenty-

ninth day of September , for the half year commencing from the

term ofWhitsunday, and ending at the term of Martinmas, in

the same year ; and on or before the twenty - fifth day March,

for the half year commencing from the term ofMartinmas, and

ending at the term ofWhitsunday next ensuing; the first payment thereof to be made on the twenty- ninth day of September

one thousand eight hundred and two; and it shall be lawful for Commission..

the respective commissioners, and they are hereby required to ers to ifflue

war-issue out and deliver to the respective collectors, their warrants rants forduly

for the speedy and effectual levying and collecting the said rates collecting

and the duties.

428 Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III.C.34 . [1802.

and duties, as the same shall become payable , by quarterly or

half - yearly instalments, and that such part thereofas cannot be

so levied and collected, shall be recoverable as adebt upon re-

cord to the King's majesty, his heirs and successors, with full

Nowindow

costs offuit, and paid to the receiver general, in aid of the parish

tobe deemed or place answerable for the same.

stopped up,

XII. And be it further enacted, That no window or light

unless with

shall be deemed to be stopped up, within the meaning of his

or

brick , or the act, unless such window or light shall be stopped up effectually

fame mate-

with stone or brick, or with the same kind of materials where of

rials as the

that part of the outside walls of such dwelling house in which

outsidewall . such window or light shalt be, doth chiefly confist.

the roof of Windows in

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That

nothing herein contained shall be construed to charge any win .

houses, stop- dow or light in the roof of any dwelling house, which shall be

pedupwith

the fame ma- stopped up effectually, with materials of the like nature of

terials as the which the outside of the roof shall chiefly consist, nor any win-

outside , and dow or light, which shall have been stoppedup before the passing

windows

stoppedup

of the said act of the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his present

prior to 38

Majesty, with other materials than herein are described, and

Geo. 3. c. 40, which shall not at any time since the passing of the said act have

and not re-

stored since paflingthere- been restored or used as a window or light.

XIV . And be it further enacted, That, from and after the

of ,shallnot passing of this act, no window or light shall by newly made in

be chargeable any dwelling house or office belonging thereto, nor shall any

under this act. such window or light, which shall have been stopped up at the

No newwin- time when the afssessment, in respect of such dwelling house,

dow to be shall be made for the then current year, be restored, nor shall

made, nor any

stopped- up

any such window or light be stopped up, without, in each of the

one to be

cafes, six days previous notice thereof in writing being given by

restored , nor

the occupier or occupiers of such dwelling house, to the fur-

any tobe stopped up,

veyor or inspector of the said rates or duties, or one of them,

without pre-

for the place in which the assessment was made, describing therein

vious notice

the particular situation of every such window or light in such

to the fur-

dwelling house, and the number of such windows or lights, if

veyor, onpe- more than one, so to be made, restored, or stopped up , on pain

nalty of 10l .

perwindow. that the occupier or occupiers of such dwelling house so offend-

ing , shall forfeit and pay the sum often pounds for every window

or light so newly made, restored, or stopped up as aforesaid, to

be recovered in manner aforesaid, and which shall be paid over

and above any rate or duty payable in respect of such dwelling

Surveyors to

certifywin-

house. XV. And be it further enacted, That in case any surveyor

dows made or

or inspector of the said rates or duties shall receive any notice,

restored,

or shall otherwise find or discover, that any window or light in

andwhat the

any such dwelling house, liable to the said rates or duties, hath

parties have

been under-

been newly made or restored as aforesaid , which window or

rated in the

light hath not been charged in the assessment for that year, then

affefsment, to such surveyor or inspector shall and is hereby required to certify

the commif- the fame, in writing under his hand, by way of charge to any

Moners, who

two or more of the commissioners for putting this act in execu-

thall cause the sion ,

1

1802. ) Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. C. 34. 429

> tion , and shall state in such certificate to what amount the per- asseisment to

fon orpersons liable to the said rates or duties hath or have been be rectified;

and ifthey

under - rated in the affefsment for that year , and thereupon the be ofopinion

said commissioners, or any two or more of them, shall cause that any

such affeffiment to be amended according to such certificate , and restored

the rates and duties to be charged shall be levied thereon from windowwas

stopped up

the commencement of the year in which such window or light with intent to

shall be made or restored, as if such window or light had been evade the du-

originally included in such assessinent: provided always, that if ties, theythall

the commissioners shall be of opinion that any window or light charge double

so restored in any dwelling house shall have been stopped up at affeffiment.

the increased

the time when the affefsment was made, with intent to evade

the payment of the said rates or duties, they shall charge the

occupier of the said dwelling house at the rate of double the sum

bywhich the affessment shall be increased by reason of such certificate: provided also , that every such assessment, when amended , Amended af

shall be liable to be appealed against , in such manner as if the be appealed

sessments may

fame had beenoriginally fo made.

against.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That no assessment shall be No appeal or

subject to appeal nor any abatement of the duties allowed in any abatement of

year, by reason of any windows or lights being stopped up, un- duties tobe

leis it shall be proved to the satisfaction of the commissioners for allowed for

windows

executing this act, that the fame windows or lights were respec- stopped up,

tively stopped up according to the directions of this act , previous uniess proved

to the fifth day of April next , before the making the said asseff- to have been

ment, if in England, or if in Scotland , that the same windows or April 5, or

so, previous to

lights were respectively stopped up previous to the term ofWhitsunday

Whitsunday next before the making the said afsessment , and that respectively ,

the lame windows or lights, if restored subsequent to the affeff- preceding the

ment being made, were restored after six days notice thereof in allefliment ,

manner before directed .

and if restored

XVII. And be it further enacted , That all and every the affefsment ,

subsequentto

persons who, as commissioners, are or may be authorised to put that six days

.in execution the said act paffled in the thirty -eighth year of the previous

had

reign of his present Majesty, or any other act or acts relating to beengiven .

taxes charged by affefiment , shall be commissioners for putting Commission-

this act in execution, and all the powers herein contained, iners forputting

their respective counties, ridings, divisions, shires, stewartries, in execution

cities, boroughs, cinque ports, towns, and places respectively38Geo .

within Great Britain, and the several persons who, as inspec- otheract

40 , or any

torsand surveyors, are or

may be authorised to act in the relating to

execution of the said act or acts, shall also be the inspectors and taxes charged

surveyors to act in the execution of the present act; and the said byassetsment,

commissioners and other persons so authorised to execute the said and the in .

act or acts, shall , and they are hereby respectively empoweredsurveyors

spectors and

and required to do all things necessary for putting this act in acting in the

execution in the like, and in as full and ample a

they or any of them are or is

manner, as execution

execution the said act.

or shall be authorised to put in thereofthall

in execution.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the respective com- Commission-

missioners within their district, or the major part of them present ers within put this act .

at their districts

430 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 34. [ 1802.

to appoint clerks , affef-

at any meeting, shall choose one person to be their clerk, and

shall also name and appoint assessorss and collectors in such man

fors, and collectors ; in

ner as they are authorised by any law in force at and immediatel

Scotland the collectors

before the passing of his act : provided always, that in that par

of Great Britain called Scotland , the same persons who shall be

tobethe

affeflors .

appointed collectors shall also be the assessors of the said rates

and duties.

Duties tobe

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the said several rates

assessed and

collected as

and duties shall respectively be assessed, raised, levied, collected ,

former

and received in such and the'like form and manner, and with

duties, or

such powers of surcharge and appeal from the fame, and under

otherduties under the

the like penalties, forfeitures, and disabilities, and according to

management

such rules, methods, and directions, as are prescribed and ap-

of the commissioners for

pointed by any act or acts now in force for affessing, raising,

the affairs of

levying, collecting, receiving, and paying the rates and duties

taxes, &c.

upon houses, windows, and lights, or any other duties under

the management of the commissioners for the affairs of taxes, as

far as the same were in force at and immediately before the time

of passing this act, and not altered by this act, and all and every

the powers, authorities, methods, rules , directions, penalties,

forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things contained in the said

act passed in the thirty-eighth year aforesaid, or any other act

or acts therein referred to and in force at and immediately before

thepaffing of his act, and not repealed by the said act passed in

the thirty-eighth year aforesaid, nor altered by this act for the

affeffing , raising, levying , coilecting , and paying the rates and

duties granted by the said act of the thirty-eighth year aforesaid,

or any other the rates and duties heretofore under the manage-

ment of the commissioners for the affairs of taxes, shall be in

full force , and be severally and respectively duly observed, prac-

tised, and put in execution throughout Great Britain, for the

aflessing, raising, levying, collecting, and paying the said several

rates and duties in this act mentioned to be consolidated, as

fully and effectually to all intents and purposes, as if the same

powers, authorities, methods , rules, directions, penalties, for-

feitures, clauses, matters, and things, except as aforesaid, were

If collectors

particularly repeated and re-enacted in the body of this act.

donotde-

XX . And be it further enacted, That the parish or place in

mand duties, England , in which any assessment shall be made of the said rates

orif they

and duties, shall be answerable for the amount of the rates or

neglect to

duties which shall be charged within such parish or place, and

executewar

rants for

for the said rates or duties being duly demanded of the respective

recoveryof

persons charged therewith within ten days after the same are

them within

payable by virtue of this act, according to the directions herein

alimited

contained , by the collector or collectors appointed for such

time , the

parith or place, and also for such collector or collectors duly

parish tobe

paying the tums by him or them received to the receiver gene-

answerable for them .

ral of the said rates or duties, according to the provisions of the

laws in force ; and if any collector thall neglect or refuse to

demand payment of the said rates and duties of the respective

persons charged therewith, or leave a demand in writing at their respective

t

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. c. 34. 431

refpative places of last abode within the time herein limited,

or , in case of default of payment thereof , upon such demand,

fal neglect or refuse to execute the warrant or precept of the

commissioners for recovering the same , within two calendar

months after the said rates and duties are payable by this act,

itshall not be lawful for such collector to insert in the schedule,

to be bythe receiver general returned into the exchequer, the

name of such person as having made default of payment of any

of the sums rated or assessed on such person, but the parish or

place for which such collector shall have been appointed shall be

answerable for the fame; and no collector shall be allowed to Nocollector

insert in any such schedule the name of any person to be re- toinfert in

turnedto the exchequer as not having paid the rates or duties anyschedule

tobe returned

by this act granted , unless such collector shall make oath, or into the

being oneof the people calledQuakers shall make and subscribe exchequer

afolemn affirmation before two commissioners ( who are hereby any person as

empowered to administer the same, and who respectively shall unless he

a defaulter ,

certify the said oath or affirmation on the said schedule), that make oath

the fum for which such person is so returned in default is due of certain

and wholly unpaid, either to such collector, or to any other per- particulars.

fonor persons for such collector, to the best of his knowledge

and belief ; and that such person became insolvent or bankrupt

beforethe day on which the rates and duties became payable,

and had not goods and chattels sufficient whereon to raise and

levy the said rates and duties within the parish or place for

which such collector shall have been appointed at any time since

the said rates or duties became payable, or that such person re-

moved from the parish or place for which such collector shall

have beenappointed before the day on which the rates or duties

became payable without leaving therein sufficient goods and

chattels whereon the rates and duties then payable could be

raised and levied ; and that there was not nor are any goods or

chattels of any person or persons liable to the payment of the

faidrates andduties in arrear, or any part thereof , whereby the

fame , or any part thereof , could or might be levied ; which oath

or affirmation shall be indorsed on such schedule, and which

schedule shall specify the names of the persons making such de-

fault , and the reason for returning each suchdefaulter.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That any arrear of the said Arrears of

ratesand duties arising by the default as aforesaid , or by the duties inEng

Failure of any collector, for which any parish or place in that affeffedupon

part of Great Britain called England shall be answerable , shall the parith.

bere -assessed within and upon such parish or place , as soon after

suchdefault shall be discovered as can conveniently be done,

and shall be charged on the amount of the afsessment which

thall be made of the said rates and duties, in the year commencing from the fifth day of April , when such re-affefsment

shall be made, by duly apportioning the amount of such arrear

amongst the several , persons afsessed in that year, according to

each person's affefsment , as nearly as the cafe will admit, and

....bythe like rules, methods, and directions by which the original

affefsment

432 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 34. [ 1802 .

assessiment was made, to be raised and levied in such manner as

any afsessment or re-assessment may, by any law now in force ,

be raised and levied.

Commission-

XXII. And be it further enacted, That at the end of every

ers toexamine quarter of a year appointed by this act for the payment of the

the collectors fums afsessed, or any part thereof , or within one calendar month

upon oath,

as to the sums thereafter, or at such other times as they shall think expedient ,

collected of but nevertheless twice at least ; videlicet, on or before the first

the said duties, day of November and the first day of May following in every

arrears of

former

year, and so from time to time as often as shall be necessary, the

duties, &c.

several and respective commissioners appointed to put this act in

execution, or any two or more of them, within their district,

shall and are hereby empowered and required to call before them

the collector or collectors within each division, parish, or place,

and to examine him or them upon oath or solemn affirmation,

and assure themselves of the sum or sums of money that shall

have been collected and paid to the said collector or collectors of

the said rates and duties, and to make such order therein for the

payment of the same to the receiver general, on the day or

time appointed for receiving the fame, as they shall judge necef-

fary , and also to assure themselves of the sum or fums in arrear,

and the cause or causes thereof , and also upon such oath or af-

firmation , to examine the said collector or collectors touching

the due payment over of any fsums collected by him or them in

any preceding year, or any preceding part of the same year,

and in every such case to make such order therein as aforesaid;

and the said commissioners are hereby empowered and required,

as soon after the passing of this act as conveniently can be done,

to call before them the collector or collectors appointed in each

division, parith , or place in any former year, where any fum or

sums of the duties charged by virtue of the act herein mentioned, shall be in arrear or unpaid to the receiver general, and

to examine the said collector or collectors on such oath or affir-

mation as aforesaid, and to assure themselves of the fum or fums

of money collected by him or them, and of the sum or sums in

arrear, and also of the sum or fums paid over to the receiver

general, and of the sums remaining in the hands of the said

collector or collectors, and to make such order therein as they

shall judge necessary, to prevent any failure in the payment of

any part of the afssessiment charged by virtue of the said act ; and

so from time to time as long as any of the arrears of the said

duties, or any of them, shall remain chargeable upon any of

the said divisions, parishes, or places; and the respective re-

ceivers general, inspectors, and surveyors, shall , when required

so to do, be assisting to the said commissioners in their enquiry in

Collectors re-

all matters relating to their respective offices .

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any collector,

fusing to at-

being duly summoned, shall refuse to attend the said respective

tendthe commissioners, or

commissioners, or shall not answer all such questions as shall be

to answer

demanded of him by the said commissioners touching the execu-

questions, or

tion of his office of collector, or shall refuse or neglect to pro-

producecer- duce

1801. ]Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 34 433

duceto them the certificates of afsessiments, accounts, or vouchers tificates of

ofauch receipts or payments as aforesaid, or shall not obey the affefiments ,

order of the said commissioners, to be made as before directed, 20l. &c.

&o. to forfeit

every such collector shall forfeit and pay the sum of twenty

pounds , to be charged upon him in the affeffment , and to be re-

covered as any penalty or affefsment may be recovered by this

act, over and above any forfeiture or disability that may be in-

curred by virtue of any act or acts for detaining monies of the

said rates and duties in his hands, contrary to the said act or

acts ; and whenever any money of the said rates and duties

granted by this act, or by the said former act, shall be detained

in the hands of any collector or collectors, or any penalty im-

posed on any collector or collectors , shall remain unpaid, and

the fame or any part thereof cannot be recovered by or under

the warrant or authority of the respective commissioners, or the

said respective commissioners shall neglect to issue such warrant,

: then the fame, or such part thereof as cannot be so recovered,

shall be recoverable as a debt upon record to the King's majesty ,

his heirs and fuccessors, with full costs of suit , and paid to

the receiver general in aid of the parish or place answerable for

the fame .

XXIV. And be it further enacted , That if any wilful delay Commissioners may, for

or failure shall happen in demanding , receiving, recovering, or default, re-

paying over any monies of the said rates and duties, through the voke appoint.

default or neglect of any collector or collectors, it shall be law - ments of

ful for the said commissioners to revoke the appointment of the collectors,

said collector or collectors so in default or

neglecting andby in-

as aforesaid, dorsement on

andby indorsement of the fame precept or precepts of appoint- the fame pre-

ment , to appoint a collector or collectors in his or their stead, cepts, appoint

for the remainder of the year, with full power to collect the others for the

arrears of the fums then due ; and it shall also be lawful for the remainder of

the year, on

said commissioners, whenever the same shall be necessary , to re- security being

voke such last mentioned appointment, and to appoint a col- given.

lector or collectors in like manner from time to time, and as

often as any such collector or collectors shall be guilty of such

default or neglect, provided the like security be taken on every

such new appointment as shall have been required to be taken

on the appointment of collectors at the commencement of any

yearas herein- after is mentioned; and the said collector or col- Collectors in

lectors so in default as aforesaid shall, on the deinand of the said default, to

deliver up

commissioners, deliver up to them, or in their presence , to the certificates of

collector or collectors newly appointed, all certificates of affeff- affessments ,

ments which he or they were charged to collect, and all ac- &c . onpenalty

counts of receipts and vouchers of payment as aforesaid, and of 201 .

allo shall pay to the receiver general all fums then in his or

their hands, at such time as the said commissioners shall appoint ; and if any person, after such removal from the place of

collector, shall refuse or neglect to do any matter or thing by

this act required, every tuch person shall forfeit and pay the fum

of twenty pounds, to be charged in the affefsment, and reco-

vered as any other penalty by this act is directed to be charged

VOL, XLIII. FF 《

ΟΓ

434 Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. C.34. [1802 .

or recovered, and shall also remain liable to such forfeitures and

disabilities that may be incurred by virtue of any act or acts in

force for detaining the said monies in his hands, after such demand made of the same as aforesaid.

Iftwo inha-

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if

bitants, &c .

in England

any two or more of the inhabitants of thedivision, parith, or

shall require security tobe

place for which a collector or collectors may be appointed ,

being respectively charged to any of the said duties , or the

taken of the

churchwardens or overseers or guardians of the poor of any de-

collector, and

shall name a

scription, or any two or more of them, or the select vestry , or

fitperson to

any seven or more of them, where a select vestry shall be au-

be collector ,

thorised to act for any parish or parishes in England , shall re-

the commif-

quire security to be taken of the collector or collectors to be

fioners shall

notappoint oneuntil such

appointed as aforesaid, for the county , parish, or place, on be-

half of which such application shall be made, and shall name a

securitybe

fit and proper person or persons to be a collector or collectors ,

given ; and if who will respectively give such security, it shall not be lawful

theperson

returned to

for the said commissioners acting in the execution of this act, in

them to be a England , to appoint collectors, until such security be given;

collector shall and if the person or persons returned to the said commissioners ,

notgive such according to the laws in force, to be a collector or collectors,

security , they shall not give such security, then it shall be lawful for the said com-

appoint

theperson fo missioners to appoint such persons, and no other, who shall

named, &c. have been named to them by the persons respectively before

who shallgive mentioned, as fit and proper persons , and who will give such

securityas

herein security as shall be required; which security shall be by bond,

specified .

with two sureties at the least , in the name of two or more of

the said commissioners, in a penal sum equal to the probable

amount of all the said rates and duties to be collected for the

period of one year, by the person or persons so to be appointed,

and shall be conditioned for his or their duly demanding the said

rates and duties of the respective persons charged therewith, according to the directions of the act relating to the said duties ,

and for proceeding in default of payment to recover the fame by

due course of law, and for paying over the same to the receiver

general, or his deputy, in manner directed by the said commif-

fioners, and which bond shall be prosecuted by the said commif-

fioners on any failure of the said collector or collectors, and shall

not be subject to any flamp duty whatever : provided always,

that no such bond shall be put in suit against any surety or fure-

ties for any deficiency, other than what shall remain unsatisfied

after sale of the lands , tenements, goods, and chattels of such

collector or collectors in pursuance and by virtue of the directions and powers given to the said commissioners by virtue of

the laws in force.

Collectors,

whenrequired

bythechurch- collector or XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the

collectors appointed for any parish or place as afore-

wardens, &c. said shall , when required so to do, deliver to the churchwardens

shall deliver and overseers or guardians of the poor , or any two of them, or

anaccount of the select vestry aforesaid, or any seven of them, an account in

the fumsre-

ceived , &c . on writing of the fums received by him or them, and of the fums

penalty of 20l, in arrear , and of the fums remaining in his or their hands, and

also

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 34. 435

also of the fums paid to the receiver general; and if any collector shall refuse or neglect so to do, within fourteen days after

such demand shall be made, he shall forfeit and pay to the use of

the poor of such parith orplace the fum of twenty pounds, to be

recovered as any penalty maybe recovered by the acts relative to

the said rates or duties, or any of them.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the respective col- Collectors in

lectors of the said rates and duties to be appointed in the several Scotlandbe-

fore they act

shires, stewartries, cities , burghs, and places in Scotland , shall, to enter into

withinthirty days after the passing of this act, and before they bondwith

act in the execution of their duty as such collectors, or receive such caution

any money on the said rates and duties, enter into bonds to the as the barons

of exchequer

respective commissioners, to be appointed for putting in execu- shall require,

tion this act, or any two or more of them, in such shires, for duly

stewartries, cities, burghs, and places, with such good and fuf- paying the

ficient caution as the barons of the exchequer in Scotland shall receiver general monies

require , binding him or them, and his or their sureties , con- received;

junctly and severally, for his and their duly paying to the re-

ceiver general for Scotland at Edinburgh , at such times after the

receipt thereof , as the said barons shall direct to be inserted in

such bonds, all such fum and sums of money as shall from time

to time be collected by or be paid to them, for or on account of

any of the said rates or duties , under a penalty of two hundred

pounds sterling, over and above performance; and which bonds

the said commissioners, or any three or more of them, are hereby

authorised and required to take, and the said respective commif-

fioners shall forthwith cause the said bonds to be delivered to

the receiver general at Edinburgh, or not being delivered to such

receiver general, shall cause the same to be registered in the

books of council and session, and extracts thereof to be delivered

to the said receiver general at Edinburgh.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in every cafe and if they

fail todo so ,

where any such collector or collectors ( hall fail or neglect to pay their bonds

over to the said receiver general at Edinburgh, or to his deputy maybe pre-

or deputies, any such fum or fums of money, within such num- fented , and

ber of days after the same shall be received by him or them as the barons

aforesaid, as shall be specified in the bond entered into by such shallordera

legal process

collector or collectors as aforesaid , the said receiver general, or to issue ,which

his deputy or deputies may present the said bond , or an extract maybe pro-

thereof , to anyone or more of the barons of the court ofexche- ceeded in for

quer in Scotland , with apetition , stating the fum due, and not recovery of

the sumdue ,

accounted for by such collector or collectors, and praying for a and the

horning , or other competent and legal process of court , upon penalty.

suchbond or extract, making oath that the sum stated in the

petition is due and not accounted for; and the baron or barons

towhom such petition shall be presented, may thereupon order a

horning or othercompetent and legal process of court to issue;

and which process of court may be proceeded in by arrestment,

poinding , denunciation, caption, imprisonment, and otherwise,

for recovering from such collector or collectors, and his, her, or

their surety or sureties , the sums due from such collector or collectors,

FF2

436 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 34. [ 1802.

collectors , and for the penalty of two hundred pounds in such

bond, over and above the sum so due as aforesaid , or the re-

ceiver general or his deputy or deputies, upon making oath to

the sums due and unaccounted for , shall be at liberty to pro-

ceed to the recovering the payment thereof , and of the penalty

in the bond by any process for recovering payment of debts due

to his Majesty, according to the course of the court of exchequer in Scotland.

If anyperson

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the

shall remove

outof the

said fifth day of April one thousand eight hundred and two, if

limits of the

any occupier of any dwelling house in Great Britain, rated or

collector

affessed to any of the said rates and duties, shall remove out of

withoutpay the limits of the collectors of the said duties, without first pay.

ing the duties,

or without

ing or discharging, or causing to be paid or discharged all the

leaving fuffi-

rates and duties charged upon him or her , and which shall then

cientgoods,

be due and payable, or without leaving in such parish or place

he shallfor-

sufficient goods and chattels, whereon the said rates and duties

feit aol.

in arrear may be raised and levied, every such persons shall, for

every such offence, forfeit and pay, over and above the said rates

and duties so left unpaid as aforesaid, the sum of twenty pounds,

to be recovered in manner aforesaid.

Nogoods to

XXX. And be it further enacted , That, from and after the

be taken by

virtue of any

said fifth day of April one thousand eight hundred and two, го

process , ex-

goods or chattels whatever belonging to any person or persons

cptatthe suit who shall have been rated or assessed to any of the said rates or

of the land-

duties , shall be liable to be taken by virtue of any execution, or

lordfor rent , other process, warrant, or authority, (except at the suit of the

or of the

King, unless landlord for rent, or at the suit of the King) , on any account or

the party shall pretence whatever, unless the party at whose suit the said execu-

pay the arrear tion or seizure shall be sued out or made, shall, before the sale

of duty , not

or removal of such goods from off the premises by virtue of

exceeding ayear's, but

such execution or seizure , pay to the collector or collectors of

incafe of

the said duties, all arrears of the fame duties which shall be due

refusal, the

at the time of taking such goods or chattels by virtue of such

collector may execution or seizure, provided such duties shall not be in arrear

distrain and

fellthegoods.

for more than one year ; and in cafe the said duties shall be in

arrear for more than one year , then the said party, at whose

suit such execution or seizure is sued out or made, paying the

said collector or collectors the aforesaid duties due in respect of

the premises for one whole year, may execute his judgement or

proceed in his seizure as he might have done if no duties had

been in arrear; but in case of refusal to pay the said duties, the

said collector or collectors are hereby authorised and required to

distrain such goods or chattels, and proceed to sale thereof , according to the laws now in force, in order to obtain payment of

the whole of the said duties in arrear, together with the reason-

able costs attending such distress and sale, and all remedies, ad-

vantages, powers, methods, and things, which by any act or

acts concerning bankrupts, or concerning the method of re-

covering rent in arrear , are given and granted to any creditors,

leffors, or landlords refrectively , and all the powers and provi fions

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. с 34. 437

fions of an act passed in the twenty- seventh year of the reign of

King George the Second, intituled, An act for the more easy and

effectual proceeding upon distresses, to be made by warrants ofjustices

of the peace, and also of another act passed in the thirty-third

year of the reign of his present Majesty , intituled, An alt to

authorisejustices of the peace to impose fines upon conflables, over-

seers , and other peace and parish officers for neglect of duty , and on

masters of apprentices for ill usage of such their apprentices ; and

also to make provision for the execution ofwarrants of distress granted

by magistrates, as far as the same powers of the said last mentioned act relate to the execution of warrants of distress , granted

byjustices of the peace, shall be used and practised bythe respec-

tive commissioners for executing this act, and by any collector,

surveyor, or inspector of the said rates and duties, acting under

the authorityof the said commissioners for recovering and securing

any arrears of the said rates and duties, (over and above the

powers, remedies, rules, and regulations contained in any act

or acts relative to the said duties, or in this act), as fully and

effectually as if the same remedies, advantages, powers, provi-

fions , methods, and things were particularly and severally re-

peated and re-enacted in this act.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That every person ap- Assessor to

pointed , or to be appointed an assessors of the said rates and take the fol-

duties, shall, and he is hereby required to take an oath, or being

lowing oath,

one of the people called Quakers, to make and subscribe a solemn

affirmation in the following form; that is to say,

IA. B. do swear [ or affirm, as the cafe may require] that in Oath,

the afssessment which I am required to make by authority

of the several acts relative to the duties under the management

of the commissioners for the affairs of taxes, and now in force,

I will act faithfully and honestly, and without favour or affec-

tion , according to the best ofmy skill and knowledge.

So help me GOD. '

Which oath or affirmation any two of the commissioners in the which two

county , riding , shire, stewartry, city, or place where the affeff . commission-

ersmayad-

ments are to be made, are hereby authorised and required to minister.

administer ; and if any person so to be appointed aflessor as

aforesaid, from and after the fifth day of April one thousand sol . penalty

for acting

eight hundred and two, shall presume to act in the said office or without tak-

employment of an assessors , before he shall have taken the said ing the oath .

oath or affirmation, (as the case shall require), he shall forfeit

and pay for every such offence , the sum of fifty pounds .

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if in any parish or If in any

place in Great Britain, any failure shall happen in the appoint- place assessorss

or collectors

ment of the assessor or assessors , or collector or collectors, whereby shall notbe

the affefsments or collection of the rates and duties is likely to be appointed,

delayed , it shall be lawful for any two justices of the peace of two justices,

anycounty, shire, or stewartry , the ridings of York, or divisions on notice of

such default ,of Lincoln , whenever such failure shall happen in any parish or may appoint

FF3

place them.

438 Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. C. 34. [ 1802.

place within such county , shire, stewartry, riding, or division,

or in any town or place adjoining thereto , such town or place

not being a county of itself , nor within any county, and for the

chief magistrate and justices of the peace of any city, town, or

place being a county ofitself , and they and every of them, on

notice of such default to be given by the surveyor, are strictly

enjoined and required to appoint an assessors or assessorss, or a collector or collectors, as the case may require, observing therein

the rules and regulations prescribed by the said acts or this act,

for the appointment of such respective officers, by commissioners ;

Assessor or

and if any person appointed by the justices or magistrates as

collectors

aforesaid, or by the commissioners for executing the said acts,

neglecting their duty,

to be an assessors or collector, shall wilfully neglect or refuse to

or assessorss

take upon himself the office of an assessors or collector, or shall

refusing to

wilfully neglect or refuse to perform his duty in the speedy and

take theoath, faithful execution of his office, as directed by the said acts or

to forfeit sol.

this act in that behalf , or if any person so appointed to be an

assessors, shall neglect or refuse to take the oath directed to be

taken by assessorss by this act, every such person so offending

shall forfeit and pay the fum offifty pounds.

Ifa charge or

XXXIII. And be it further enacted , That if , according to

surcharge in

acafe tranf- mitted to the

the opinion of any of the justices, judges, or barons in any of

the courts at Westminster, or in the court of session or court of

judges, &c.

exchequer in Scotland , to whom any case hath been, or shall at

shall becon-

firmed, the

the request of the appellant or appellants be transmitted in pur-

party shall

suance of any of the directions contained in the said acts or any

pay40s. to

of them, the charge or surcharge upon which the question con-

his Majesty.

tained in such case shall have arisen, shall, after the passing of

this act, be confirmed and established, the person or persons fo

charged or surcharged shall, for the costs and charges attending

the fame, pay to the use of his Majesty , his heirs and fuccessors,

The commif-

the fum of forty shillings, in addition to the charge or surcharge ,

fioners shall

or the part thereof , so confirmed and established as aforesaid;

causedupli- cates of all

and which costs shall be added to such assessment , and levied and

affefsments

collected therewith, and as part of the rates and duties so assessed.

and fur-

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the commissioners

charges to be for putting this act in execution shall cause true duplicates ofall

prepared within a li-

affefsments and surcharges made by virtue of this act to be pre-

mited time,

pared within one calendar month after the expiration of the

and delivered

times for hearing appeals in every year, and to be delivered unto

to the receiv. the respective receivers general, and also transmitted into the

ers general, offices of the King's remembrancer in the exchequer in England

and transmit- and Scotland respectively ; for which duplicates the proper officers

ted to the shall give receipts gratis ; the said duplicates to be made for the

King'sre- membrancer same divisions, and in the same manner, except as herein is

in the exche- provided, as is directed by any act or acts before-mentioned,

quer. and in force in respect of the said duties.

Where cafes XXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That

transmitted towhenever any cafe or cafes to be transmitted to any of thejus-

&c. for the justices , tices, judges, or barons, for his or their opinion thereon, in the

opinion, shall manner directed by any act or acts relating to the duties on houses ,

1802. ] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 34. 439

houses, windows, or lights , shall have been obtained by any notbereturn-

inspector or inspectors , or surveyor or surveyors, by reason of ed within the

time for

agy surcharge or surcharges not being allowed by the commif- making up

fioners for executing this act, and the same shall not be returned the collectors'

within the time required for making up and clearing the ac- accounts, the

counts of the collector or collectors, whereby the passing the commissioners shall make

accounts of the receivers general may be impeded , it shall be out separate

lawful for the commissioners, and they are hereby required to affefsments of

make out a separate assesiment, including therein the names of thesurcharges

the party or parties in the cafe or cases so transmitted, and the fo depending,

and cause du-

amount of the sums wherewith the party or parties shall have plicates of the,

been surcharged, and which shall be depending upon the opinion affefsments,

of such justices, judges, or barons respectively , and to cause to exclusive

bemadeout theduplicates of the several afsessiments required to thereof, to be

delivered to

be delivered to the respective receivers general, and the offices the receiver

of the King's remembrancer, exclusive of the sums so depend- general, and

ing , to the end that there may be no delay in paying into the King's re-

receipt of the exchequer the sums affessed and fully charged ; membrancer,

andfupple-

and that upon the return of such opinions, whenever the fame mental dupli

shall happen, the said commissioners shall cause such separate cates to be fo

affefsiments to be rectified accordingly , and the sums so afsessed delivered ,

to be levied in like form and manner as any assessments may be when the opi-

nions are re-

levied , and to be paid to the respective receivers general, and

turned.

shall also cause true supplemental duplicates ofall such separate

assessments to be made out as soon as conveniently may be done,

and delivered unto the respective receivers general, and also

transmitted into the offices of the King's remembrancer in the

exchequer in England and Scotland respectively; for which sup-

plemental duplicates, the proper officers thall give acquittances

gratis , so as every of them may be duly charged to answer the

whole of their respective collections and receipts.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That one moiety of all Application of

pecuniary penalties and forfeitures hereby imposed shall , if fued penalties fued

for within 12

for within the space of twelve calendar months from the time ofmonths.

such penalties or forfeitures being incurred , be to his Majesty,

his heirs and fuccessors, and the other moiety thereof , with full

costs of suit, to the person or persons who shall inform or fue

for the fame within the time aforesaid; and all such penalties, Where penal-

exceeding the sum of twenty pounds, shall and maybe fued for ties exceeding

in his Majesty's court of exchequer at Westminster, for offences 20l. maybe

committed in England or Berwick upon Tweed , or in the courts

sued

of great sessions for offences committed in Wales, or in his Majesty's court of exchequer in Scotland for offences committed in

Scotland , by action of debt or information, wherein no essoign,

protection, privilege, wager of law, nor more than one impar-

lance shall be allowed; but nevertheless it shall be lawful for his His Majesty's

Majesty's attorney general in England , in all such suits or pro- attorneyge-

fecutions in England or Wales, or his Majesty's advocate in neral inEng-

Scotland , in all such suits or prosecutions in Scotland , in case it vocate in

land, and

shall appear to his satisfaction, that any penalty or forfeiture was Scotland,

incurred without intention offraud, to stay all further proceed- may stay

FF4 ings, proceedings .

440 Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. C. 34. [ 1802.1

ings, by entering a noli profequi or otherwise, with respect as well

to the share of such penalty or forfeiture claimed by such infor-

mer or informers, as to the share thereof belonging to his

Majesty.

Recovery and XXXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That

application of .

penalties not in default of prosecution within the time herein-before limited,

fued for

no such penalty or forfeiture shall be afterwards recoverable, ex-

within the

cept in the name of his Majesty's attorney general in England ,

limited time. and of his Majesty's advocate in Scotland , by information in the

court of exchequer in England or Scotland respectively , in which

cafe the whole of such penalty or forfeiture shall belong to his:

Majesty, his heirs and successors ; and that all penalties and

forfeitures and shares of penalties and forfeitures, incurred

as aforesaid, belonging to his Majesty, his heirs or successors,

shall be paid into the hands of such person or persons as

the commissioners for the affairs of taxes shall appoint to re-

ceive the fame, to the use of his Majesty ; and that in all cafes

where the whole of such pecuniary penalties or forfeitures shall

be recovered to the use of his Majesty, his heirs or fuccessors,

it shall be lawful for the said commissioners to cause such reward

as they shall think fit, not exceeding one moiety of such penalty

or forfeiture so recovered, after deducting all charges and expences incurred in recovering the fame, to be paid thereout to

or amongst any person or persons who shall appear to them en-

titled thereto as informers, in respect of such penalties or forfei-

tures so recovered ; any thing herein contained to the contrary

notwithstanding.

Recovery and

XXXVIII , Provided always, and be it further enacted, That

application ofpenalties

all pecuniary penalties not exceeding twenty pounds imposedby

not exceeding this act , shall, from and after the passing of this act , be recover-

201. able before two or more commissioners for executing this act,

in the district where the offence shall be committed, and such

commissioners shall take cognizance of such offence, upon in-

formation or complaint in writing made to them, and upon a

summons to the party accused to appear before the said commissioners at such time and place as they shall fix, or without

such summons, in case the party or parties shall have been

surcharged before the said commissioners, and shall have appealed

against the same, and such commissioners shall proceed to hear

and determinethe fame in a summary way, and to examine into

the matter of fact, and upon proof made thereof , either by vo-

luntary confession of the party accused, orby the oath of one or

more credible witness or witnesses, or otherwise as the cafe may

require, to give judgment for the penalty, or for such part

thereof , to which the said commissioners shall think proper to

mitigate the fame , not being in any case less than one moiety of

the penalties herein expressed, and to afsess the fame upon the

party, and charge the fame in the affefsment to which the pe-

nalty adjudged shall particularly relate, and in addition to the

duty , in cafe the party thall be charged therewith ; and which

penalties so adjudged shall be levied in like manner as the said duties ,

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c . 34. 441

duties , and the informer or informers shall be entitled to receivé

from the receivers general one moiety of the amount of such

penalties in such shares, where two or more of them are concerned, as the commissioners for executing this act shall certify

to the commissioners for the affairs of taxes they are respectively

entitled unto; and the said adjudication of the commissioners

shall be final and conclusive to all intents and purposes, without

power of appealing from the fame ; and the proceedings of the

commissioners hall not be removeable by any process whatever

into any court of law or equity , nor be subject to revision, un-

less a case shall be demanded and stated for the opinion of one of

the judges or justices of the superior courts, conformably to the

directions contained in this act, or any former act relating to

the said duties .

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That all the monies Consolidated

arising by the rates and duties by this act granted, together with duties tobe

carried to the

the monies arising from the rates and duties granted by the said consolidated

act , and hereby consolidated ( the necessary charges of raising fund of Great

and accounting for the fame excepted), shall from time to time Britain.

be paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer at Westmin-

fter ; and the said monies so paid into the receipt of exchequer

as aforesaid shall be carried to and made part of the consolidated

fund of Great Britain.

XL. And whereas, by the said act passed in the thirty- eighth By 38Geo. 3.

c. 40. the

year of the reign of his present Majesty , it was provided for the duties there-

purposes of making a permanent addition to the publick revenue, and by granted

for defraying any increased charge occasioned by certain loans made and were tobe en-

stock created by authority of parliament , that during the remainders tered in the

auditor's of-

of certain periods of ten years, to be computed as in the said act is fice in the ex-

mentioned , there should be separately entered in the books provided chequer, in

and kept in the office of the auditor of the receipt of his Majesty's certain pro-

exchequer for the purposes aforesaid, at the end of every quarter ofa portions.

year , the proportions therein - after mentioned of thesaid duties granted

by the said act for the purpose ofsupplying the several accounts of

the said rates and duties thereby directed to be kept ; (that is tofay),

for the general account existing prior to the fifth day of April one

thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, one fourth part of the

Severalfums of three hundred and twenty - seven thousand nine bun-

dred pounds, and five hundred and fifteen thousand pounds, and one

fourth part of the further fum of one hundred and forty-eight thou-

Sandfix hundred pounds, on account of the rates and duties granted

by an act passed in the nineteenth year of the reign of his present

Majesty, and that after reserving such fourth part of the saidfoveral

Sums of money, the remainder thereof should , at the end of each such

quarter , be entered in the separate accounts directed to be kept in the

office of the said auditor in the proportion therein-after prescribed ;

( that is tosay), in theseparate accounts directed to be kept by the

several arts passed in the thirty- fourth year of the reign of bis present

Majesty , out of the duties on houses, windows, or lights, one fourth

part of the annualfum of thirty - six thousand pounds ; out of the

duties on inhabited houses, one fourth part of the annualfum of fourteen

442 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 34. [1802.

fourteen thousand eight hundred andfixty pounds, on account of certain duties granted by acts passed in the said last- mentioned year, and

in the separate account directed to be kept by several acts passed in the

thirty- sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty ; out of the said

duties on houses , windows, and lights, one fourth part of the annual

fum of thirty - six thousand pounds, and fifty-one thousand five bun-

dredpounds , and out of thesaid duties on inhabited houses, onefourth

part of the annualsum of fourteen thousand eight hundred andfixty

pounds , on account of certain duties granted by an act passed in the

said last-mentioned year ; and in the separate account directed to be

kept by several acts passed in the thirty- seventh year of the reign of

bispresent Majesty, the remainder of the rates and duties granted

by the said act passed in the thirty- eighth year aforesaid , as the fame

should respectively arise at the end of eachfuch quarter ; be it fur-

Application ther enacted, That, after reserving at the said receipt of his

of duties after Majesty's exchequer, the several fums before specified, in the

reserving the

said sums . manner directed by the said act pafsled in the thirty-eighth year

aforesaid, there shall, during the remainder of the period often

years, to be computed from the time ofgranting the said duties

by the said act of the thirty -eighth year aforesaid , be separately

entered in the account directed to be kept by the said act passed

in the thirty-seventh year of his present Majesty's reign, at the

end of every such quarter as aforesaid, yearly, the sum of one

hundred and ten thousand three hundred and seventy-four pounds,

being one fourth part of the average annual amount for the pe-

riod since the passing of the said last-mentioned act, of the said

remainder of the rates and duties thereby granted; and after

reserving the said several sums, the remainder of the monies collected and paid under and by virtue of this act, shall, for the

period of ten years from the time of passing this act, be entered

in a separate account, to be kept at the said receipt , and shall be

deemed a permanent increase to the publick revenue of Great

Britain , for the purpose of defraying any increased charge ocса-

fioned by any loan to be made, or stock to be created, by

authority of any act of parliament passed or to be passed in this

session of parliament, or of supplying any deficiency in the consolidated fund of Great Britain, by occasion of any act passed or

to be passed in this fefssion of parliament, for repealing the duties

on income, and charging the annuities now charged on the said

duties so repealed on the said consolidated fund.

Limitation of

actions . XLI. And be it further enacted, That if any action or suit

shall be brought against any person or persons for any thing done

in pursuance of this act , such action or suit shall be commenced !

within six months next after the fact committed , and not after-

wards, and shall be laid in the county or place where the cause

of complaint did arise, and not elsewhere; and the defendant or

General issue . defendants in every such action or suit may plead the generali

issue, and give this act and the special matter in evidence, at

any trial to be had thereupon; and if the jury shall find for the

defendant or defendants in any such action or suit , or if the plaintiff

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 34. 443

plaintiff or plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his or

their action or suit , after the defendant or defendants shall have

appeared , or ifupon demurrer, judgement shall be given against

the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall have

treble costs, and have the like remedy for the fame, as any de-Treble costs.

fendant hath in any other cafes to recover costs by law.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That this act may beAct may be

varied, altered, or repealed, by any act or acts to be made in altered or re-

this present session of parliament. pealedthis

Leffion.

---

SCHEDULE

SCHEDULES to which this ACT refers .

444 thereof ) 8 do

9 do

10 do

II do

12 do

13 do

SCHEDULE A. A SCHEDULE of the Rates and Duties payable for every Dwelling House , inhabited or to be inhabited , within England and

Scotland respectively , according to the Number of Windows or Lights in each Dwelling House .

NUMBER OF WINDOWS , according to which the dwelling house shall

be charged .

cap . 40 . DUTIES payable by 38 Geo . 3. Additional duties payable by this

Total duties to be charged in one sum for every dwelling house .

England . act .

Scotland . In England . In Scotland .

Not more than 6 windows or lights , ( except such inhabited dwelling houses which shall be worth the rent of £ .5 by the year , and shall be charged to the rate or duty herein mentioned , according to the rent

£ . s . d . L 5 . d . £ S. d . £ •

5 . d . L 5 .

Not more than 6 windows or lights , if of the value before mentioned , and charged

4 6

2 6 I 6

6

1

to the said rate or duty accordingly

7 Windows or Lights

11

1

6 4 2 8

14 6 12 6 4 18 6

11

I I 19 9 I 10

I 7 I 5 II I 18

I 16

I 14 I 12 16 2 10 - 2

2 4 2 2 I 3 5 3

2 16

14 4

3 18

3 8

6

4 6686838

-

44

13

123

15

34

Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 34. [ 1802.

NUMBER OF WINDOWS , according to which the dwelling house thall

DUTIES payable by 38 Geo . 3 .

cap . 40 .

payable by this Additional duties

Total duties to be charged in one

fum for every dwelling house .

be charged .

act .

England . Scotland , In England . In Scotland .

£. S. d . L s . d . L 5 . £. 5 . d . £

14 Windows or Lights

15 do

-

3 18 I 10 5 10 5

16 do

17 do

18 do

44556

12 4 10 I 13 6- 5 6

3

583

4 5 2

1 16

6 18

16 5 14 I 19

8

8 6 6 2 2

778

-

7 15 7 13

৪৪

10

19 do 7 6 18 2 5 9 5 9

3

20 do 7 12 7 10 2 8 10 9 18

21 do 8 4 8 2 2 II 10 15 10 13

22 do 8 16 8 14 2

14 11 10 11 8

23 do 9 8 9 6 2 17 12 5 12 3

24 do 10

- 9 18 3 13

12 18

-

25 do 10 - 12 10 IO 3 3 13 15 13 13

26 do II 2 II 3 8 14 IO 14 8

27 do 11 12 II 10 3 13 155 15 3

28 do 12 2 12 - 3 18 16

15 18

1

-

29 do 12 12 12 10 4 3 16 15 16 13

30 do 13 2 13 4 8 17 IO 17 8

31 do 13 12 13 10 4 13 18 5 18 3

32 do 14 2 14 -

4 18 19

18 18

-

33 do 14 12 14 10 5 3 19 15 19 13

34 do 15 2 15

5 8 20 10 20 8

-

35 do 15 12 15 10 5 13 21 5 21 3

30 do 16

ις 18 6 22

21 18

-

-

37 do 16 8 10 6 6 7 22 15 22 13

38 do 16 16 16 14 6 14

23 10 23 8

39 do 17 4 17 2

40 to 44 do 17 10 17 8

78

I

24 5 24

3

5 -

15

25 15 25 13

1802. ] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 34. 445

...

...

NUMBER OF WINDOWS , according to which the dwelling house shall

cap . 40 . DUTIES payable by 38 Geo . 3 . Additional duties Total duties to be charged in one

payable by this fum for every dwelling house .

act .

be charged .

England . Scotland . In England . In Scotland .

45 49 Windows or to Lights

£ . S. d . £ 5 . d . £ • S. d . £ . 5 . d . £ • S.

19 18 18 9 5

28 5 - 28 3

-

50 54 do 20 10 20 8 10 5

30 15

30 13

55 59 do 22

21 18 115 33 5

-

-

33 3

-

-

60 64 do 23 10 23

8

II 19 35

9 35 7

-

65 69 do 25

-

24 18

12 9 37 9 37 7

70 74 do 26 10 26 8 12 19 39 9 39 7

75 79 do 28

27 18 13 9 4 9 41 7

-

80 84 do 29 10 29 8 13 19 43 9 - 43 7

85 89 do 31

30 18 14 9 45 9 45 7

-

90 94 do 32 10 = 32 8

14 19 47 9 47 7

95 99 do 34 33 18 15 9 49 9 49 7

100 109 do 37 36 18 15 19 52 52 7

110 119 do 40 39 18 10 9 50 9 56

120 129 do 43 42 18

17

9 60

9

130 139 do 46 45 18 18 9

64

9 64

140 149 do 49 48 18 19

68

9 9 68 7

150 159 do

52 51 18 20 9 72 9 72 7

160 169 do 55 54 18 21 9 76 . 9 76 7

1

170 179 do 58 57 18 22 80

9

180 and upwards do 61 60 18 -

83

9 80 7 82 18

22 2

10

And every such for dwelling house which

shall contain more than 180 windows or lights , for every window or light exceed .

ing the number of 180 2 6

- 2 6

2 6

-

this act , notwithstanding any former stature or statutes to the contrary .

1

2 6

The said several rates and duties to be charged in respect of every inhabited dwelling house , with the household and other offices , without any other or further exemptions being allowed , than such as are contained and expressly provided in and by

446 Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. C. 34. [1802.

60 7

1

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. С. 34. 447

SCHEDULE B.

A SCHEDULE of the Rates and Duties payable on all Inha-

bited Dwelling Houses within and throughout Great Britain ,

according to the value thereof .

Duties by

38Geo. 3.

Additional duties bythis Total.

cap . 40.

act.

In the pound . In the pound. In the pound.

£ s . d. £.

s . df S. d .

For every inhabited house

in Great Britain, which

with the household and

other offices , yards, and

gardens , therewith oc-

cupied , are or shall be

worth the rent herein-

after mentioned, by the

year , there be charged

the yearly fums follow-

ing; videlicet,

Five pounds and under

twenty pounds rent by

the year

Twentypounds and under

fortypounds rent bythe

year

Forty pounds rent by the

year and upwards

8

-

8- Σ 4

I I 2-

-

I 3- I 3

-

2 6

The said last mentioned rates and duties to be charged on the

occupier or occupiers of every such inhabited house, except

whereotherwifeprovided by this act , and to be subject to all the

exemptions contained in any act or acts in force, for granting

the duties on inhabited houses hereby repealed, but to no other

or further exemptions whatever, notwithstanding any statute or

statutes to the contrary.

CAP.

448 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. С. 35. [1803.

CAP. XXXV,

An act for regulating, until the fifteenth day of February one thou-

fandeight hundred and three, the prices at which grain, meal, and

flour, may be exportedfrom Great Britain to Ireland , and from

Ireland to Great Britain. -[April 15, 1802.]

WHEREAS it will be attended with beneficial consequences, if

grain, flour, and meal, shall be permitted , for a limited time ,

to be exportedfrom Great Britain to Ireland, and from Ireland to

Great Britain respectively, although the prices in that part of the

kingdom from which the exportation thereof shall be made, shall be

higher than those at whichfuch exportation is now by law prohibited,

be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty,

by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and

temporal, and commons, in this present parliament afsembled,

Wheat . &c.

and bythe authority of the same, That during the continuance

when the ave-

of this act, whenever the average prices of wheat, rye, barley,

rageprices thereof , as

or oats, in any of the twelve several districts into which Eng-

ascertained

land and Wales are divided by an act, made in the parliament of

acording to

Great Britain, in the thirty-first year of the reign of his present

31Geo. 3.

c. 30. shall

Majesty, intituled, An act for regulating the importation ofcorn ,

be under those

and the payment of the duty on foreign corn imported , and of the

herein speci-

bounty on British corn exported, or in any of the five several dif-

fied , and in

tricts into which Scotland is divided by the said act, and by an-

the annexed

table ( A.)

other act passed in the thirty- ninth year of his present Majesty's

may be ex-

reign, intituled, An act for erecting the county ofEdinburgh into a

ported in any

separate district, for the purpose of regulating the importation and

British or

exportation of corn, shall respectively appear, according to the

Irish vessel to

Ireland;

methods directed by the said act of the thirty-first year of the

reign of his present Majesty, for ascertaining the prices ofcorn

and grain, to be under the prices specified in the table hereunto

annexed , marked ( A. ) videlicet ; that of wheat under fifty- four

shillings, that of rye under thirty-seven shillings, that of barley

under twenty-seven shillings, and that of oats under eighteen

hillings the quarter, money of Great Britain , it shall and may

be lawful for any person or persons to export out of and from

any port in such district in Great Britain, in any British or Irish

ship or vessel owned and navigated according to law, any such

wheat, rye, barley, or oats respectively, of British growth, or

any flour or meal made thereof, to any port or place in Ireland;

any thing in the said two recited acts or any other act to the

contrary notwithstanding.

and when the

II. And be it further enacted, That whenever the average

prices thereof , prices of wheat, rye, barley, or oats shall respectively appear,

average

taken accord- ' according to the general average ascertained in the manner pre-

ing to the scribed by law for the purpose of regulating the export thereof

mannerpre- from Ireland , to be under the prices specified in the table here-

scribedfor re- unto annexed, marked (B.) videlicet; that of wheat under one

gulating the

export from pound fifteen shillings and eleven-pence and one nineteenth part

Ireland , shall of a penny; that ofrye under one pound five shillings and fix-

be under those pence

1802. ] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. с. 35. 449

pence and one eleventh part of a penny; that of barley under herein speci-

sixteen shillings and eight-pence and four feventh parts of a fied, and in

table(B.),

penny ; and that of oats under twelve shillings and sixpence andwheat ,&c.

thirty - three thirty - eighth parts of a penny, Irish currency, the may be ex.

barrel, it shall and may be lawful for any person or persons, ported in like

during the continuance of this act, to export out of and from manner from

Ireland to

any port in Ireland , in any British or Irish ship or vessel owned Great Britain.

and navigated according to law , any such wheat, rye, barley, or

oats respectively , of Irish growth , or any flour or meal made

thereof , to any port or place in Great Britain ; any matter or

thing in any act of the parliament of Ireland contained to the

contrary notwithstanding.

III . And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Until May15,

passing of this act, until the fifteenth day of May one

thousand 1802, wheat ,

&c. maybe fo

eight hundred and two, it shall and may be lawful for any per- exported, if

fon or persons to export from Ireland to Great Britain, in any the average

such thip or vessel as aforesaid, any wheat, rye, barley, and oats prices on the

market day

of Irish growth, or flour or meal made thereof , if the average preceding the

prices at which such wheat, rye, barley, and oats shall have re- shipping be

spectively been fold in the publick market at or nearest to the under those

place from whence the same shall be intended to be exported , specified.

thall have been, on the market day next preceding the shipping

thereof , under the prices specified herein -before, and in the said

table (B. ) , for the fame.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing Recited acts,

in this act contained shall be construed or extend to alter or nothereby

altered, to ex-

repeal any clause, matter, or thing now in force, in any of the tend to this

said herein-before recited acts , or in any other act or acts now act.

in force in any part of the said united kingdom, for regulating

thetrade in corn, except in so far as the same are expressly

altered by this present act; and that all such acts, and every

clause , matter, and thing therein contained, shall be extended to

this present act.

V. And be it further enacted, That this act shall continue inAct to con-

force until the fifteenth day of February one thousand eight tinuetill Feb.

hundred and three.

15, 1803 .

TABLE (Α. )

Wheat. Rye. Barley .

British . British . British .

Oats.

British.

5 . 5 . 5. s .

Underper

quarter 54 37 27 18

VOL. XLIII. Go TABLE

450 Annoregni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III.c.37. [1802.

"TABLE (B.)

Wheat . Rye. Barley . Oats.

Irish. Irish. Irish . Irish.

Underper

barrel-

£ s. d . L. 5. d . L. s.

d . L. s. d .

11511615 61 0 16 87 0 12

3.3

CAP. XXXVI.

An act to continue , until the twenty- ninth day of September one thou-

fand eight hundred and three, several acts of the last session of parliament for reviving, continuing, and amending several laws for the

better collection and security of the revenues of Ireland. -[April 15,

1802.]

Ads 41 Geo. 3. C. 45. 47. and 48. continued .

CAP. XXXVII.

An actfor granting to his Majesty certain additional duties en

servants, carriages, horses, mules, anddogs ; and for consolidating

the fame with the present duties thereon.-[April 30 , 1802.]

Most gracious Sovereign,

WEyour Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the

commons of united kingdom of Great Britain and

Ireland , in parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary

supplies to defray your Majesty's publick expences, and making

A

^a permanent addition to the publick revenue of Great Britain,

have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your

Majesty the several additional rates and duties herein-after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may

be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent

majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiri-

tual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament

From April

assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, from and

5 , 1802, in

England , and

after the fifth day of April one thousand eight hundred and two,

the term of

in that part of Great Britain called England, and from and after

Whitsunday the term of Whitsunday one thousand eight hundred and two, in

1802 , in Scot- that part of Great Britain called Scotland, there shall be assessed,

land, the raised, levied, and paid unto and for the use of his Majesty, his

duties in the

annexed heirs and fuccessors, upon all male servants retained or employed

schedules shall by any person or persons in any of the several capacities men-

be paid . tioned in an act passed in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of

his present Majesty, and upon all carriages of any of the de-

scriptions mentioned in another act passedin the same year , kept by

1802. ] Annoregni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. C. 37. 451.

by any person or persons for his, her, or their own use, or to be

let out to hire; and upon all horses, mares, or geldings kept

and used by any person or persons for riding, or for the purpose

ofdrawing any such carriage; and upon all other horses, mares ,

and geldings, and upon all mules and dogs kept by any person

or persons, the several yearly rates andduties respectively mentioned , described, and fet forth in the several schedules here-

unto annexed, marked ( A., B. No. 1. , B. No. 2., C. No. 1 ,

C. No. 2., and D.), which several schedules, and the rules

therein contained, shall be deemed and construed a part of this

act as if the same were incorporated therewith .

II. And whereas the said several additional rates and duties, and

thefeveral duties payable at and immediately before the passing of

this act , by virtue of two acts, one thereof passed in the thirty-

eighth year of his present Majesty's reign , intituled , An act for repealing the duties uponmale servants, carriages, horses, mules,

and dogs, and for granting to his Majesty other duties in lieu

thereof ; and the other thereof passed in the forty - first year of his

present Majesty's reign, intituled , An act for granting to his Majesty certain additional duties on horses in Great Britain, and for

exempting from dutyhorses kept for the purpose of husbandry

bypersons holding farms under a certain value, might be more

conveniently collected if the same were respectively consolidated and

charged under the provisions of this act, be it further enacted, The addi-

That the several rates and duties granted by the said first mentional duties ,

tioned act on servants, and the additional duties hereby granted on and the duties

servants, as the same are respectively set forth and described in the payable under

said schedule , marked (A.) hereunto annexed; the several rates 38 Geo. 3 .

andduties on çarriages granted by the said first mentioned act, c. 41. and

and the additional duties hereby granted on carriages, as the 41 Geo

c. 9. shall

fame are respectively set forth and described in the said schedules, be consoli-

marked (B. No. 1. and B. No. 2.) hereunto annexed; the dated and

several rates and duties onhorses, mares, and geldings used for charged toge-

ther , as fet

the purpose of riding , or for the purpose of drawing anycar- forth in the

riage chargeable with the duty granted by the said first men- annexed

tioned act, the additional duties granted on such horses, mares, schedules.

or geldings by the said last mentioned act, and the further additional duties on such horses, mares, or geldings granted by this

act, as the same are respectively fet forth and described in the

said schedule, marked (C. No. 1.) hereunto annexed; the seve-

ral rates and duties on horses, mares, or geldings, not charged

with duty according to schedule (C. No. 1.), and on mules,

granted by the said first mentioned act , the additional duties

granted on such horses, mares, geldings, or mules by the said

• last mentioned act, and the further additional duties granted on

such horses, mares, geldings, or mules by this act , as the same

arerespectivelyset forth and described in the said schedule, marked

( C. No. 2.) hereunto annexed; and the several rates and duties

ondogs granted by the said first mentioned act, and the additional duty on dogs granted by this act, as the same are respec-

tivelyfet forth and described in the said schedule , marked (D.)

hereunto annexed , shall respectively be consolidated , and shall

GG2 be

!

452 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 37. [1802.

be assessed and charged together as the same are respectively in-

serted, described , and set forth in the said several schedules.

III. And whereas it is expedient to charge the persons herein-after

described to the said rates and duties at a lesser rate than is mentioned

InEngland occupiers of

in the saidschedules , be it further enacted , That in that part of

farms at rack

Great Britain called England , any person occupying a farm at

rent , &c,

rack rent, the rent of which shall be less than twenty pounds a

under 201.

year, and making a livelihood solely thereby , or occupying any

per ann. makinga live-

estate onany other tenure than as tenant at rack rent, or such

other estate together with a farm at rack rent, the value of

lihood solely thereby, and

which in the whole shall be less than equivalent to a farm at the

not keeping

rack rent of twenty pounds a year, (reckoning the value of

more than

every estate occupied by the owner thereof , or on any tenure

two horses

for such occu-

other than as tenant at rack rent, as equivalent to double the

pation , shall amount of the like farm at rack rent), and making a livelihood

not be charged solely thereby, and keeping not more than two horses , mares, or

to the duties geldings, bonâ fide for the purpose of such occupation, and

inschedule

which otherwise would be chargeable at the rate mentioned in

( C. No. 2.) at

more than

the schedule hereunto annexed marked (C. No. 2. ) shall not be

6d . for each

charged to the rates and duties, in the said schedule mentioned,

horse.

at a higher rate than in the sum of sixpence for each of such

horses, mares, or geldings.

i

InScotland

IV. And be it further enacted, That in that part of Great

such occu-

Britain called Scotland, and in the principality of Wales, any per-

piers of farms fon occupying a farm at rack rent , the rent of which shall be

at rack rent,

&c. under fol. less than ten pounds sterling a year, and making a livelihood

sterling per principally thereby, or occupying any estate on any other tenure

ann., and not than as tenant at rack rent, or such other estate together with a

keeping more farm at rack rent, the value of which in the whole shall be less

than two

horses for

than equivalent to a farm at the rack rent of ten pounds sterling

earning a

a year , ( reckoning the value of every estate occupied by the

livelihood,

shall notbe

owner thereof , or on any tenure other than as tenant at rack

chargedto the rent , as equivalent to double the amount of the like farm at

said duties at rack rent ), and making a livelihood principally thereby, and

more than 6d. keeping not more than two horses, mares, or geldings, bonâ fide

for eachhorse. for the purposes of such occupation, or of any trade or calling

by which such person shall earn a livelihood or profit, or keep-

ing not more than two horses, mares, or geldings, bondfide for

the purposes of such occupation and calling, which otherwise

would be chargeable at the rate mentioned in the schedule to

this act marked, (C. No. 2.), shall not be charged to the said rates

and duties in the said schedule mentioned , at a higher rate, than

Persons

in the sum of sixpence for each of such hortes, mares, and

exempted from the for-

geldings .

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That any per-

merduties to son entitled to be exempted from the rates and duties granted by

beexempted the said former acts, or either of them, shall also be exempted

from the

duties hereby from the rates and duties hereby granted on the fame articles

granted. respectively . :

Persons

VI . Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the per-

exempted from the for.

sons who respectively are exempted from the rates and duties

granted

1802. ] Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGI III. C. 37. 453

granted by the acts herein-before mentioned , by an act passed inmer duties by

the forty-first year of the reign of his present Majesty , intituled, 41 Geo. 3.

c. 62. to

Analt to exemptfrom the payment of certain duties, such members ofbe exempted

both houses of parliament serving for that part of the united king- from the

dom called Ireland, andsuch other persons herein described , as may duties hereby

bave only an occasional residence in Great Britain, shall also be granted.

exempted from the rates and duties granted by this act on the No additional dutytobe

fame articles respectively: provided always, That no additional charged on

duty shall be charged by virtue of this act, on any two wheeledtaxed carts

carriage called ATaxed Cart, drawn by one horse, mare, geld drawn by one

ing , or mule, and constructed according to the directions and horse, and

constructed

provisions of an act, passed in the thirty -eighth year of the according to

reign of his present Majesty , intituled, An altfor ascertaining the 38 Geo. 3 .

duty payable on taxed carts; and every borse, mare, gelding , or c. 93. but

mule, used in drawing such taxed cart in respect of which the the horses

liable to the

duties contained in the said recited as were chargeable, shall, former duties

from and after the passing of this act, be chargeable to the like to be charged

duties, and also the additional duty hereby directed to be confo- with the addi-

lidated therewith.

tionalduty.

VII. And be it further enacted, That any person licensed by Licensed hackney

the commissioners for hackney coaches, within the cities ofcoaches shall

London and Westminster, and the suburbs thereof , to keep any be exempted

hackney coach or coaches , shall be exempted from the rates from the du-

tiesin schedule

and duties mentioned in schedule (C. No. 2.) hereunto an- ( C. No. 2.) in

nexed , in respect of each coach so licensed for two horses , mares, respect of each

or geldings, and no more, kept for the purpose ofdrawing such licensed for

coach. two horses and

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said several rates nomore.

and duties charged in that part of Great Britain called England , The duties to

shall be paid by quarterly instalments on the days herein -after terlyin Eng-

bepaid quar-

mentioned ; that is to say , on the twentieth day of June for the land , and half-

quarter commencing from the fifth day of April and ending on yearly in Scot-

the fifth day of July; the twentieth day of September for the land, on the

quarter commencing from the fifth day of July and ending on specified.

daysherein

the tenth day of October; the twentieth day of December for the

quarter commencing from the tenth day of October , and ending

on the fifth day of January; and the twentieth day of March

for the quarter commencing from the fifth day of January, and

ending on the fifth day of April in every year ; the first payment

thereof to be made on the twentieth day of June one thousand

eight hundred and two: in that part of Great Britain called Commissioners to issue Scotland , by half -yearly instalments ; that is to say, on or before their warrante

the twenty-ninth day of September for the half year commencing for duly

from the term of Whitsunday, and ending at the term of Martin- collecting the

mas in the same year; and on or before the twenty - fifth day of duties .

March for the halfyear commencing from the term of Martin-

mas , and ending at the term of Whitsunday next ensuing ; the

first payment thereupon to be made on the twenty- ninth day of

September one thousand eight hundred and two : and it shall be

lawful for the respective commissioners, and they are hereby required to issue out and deliver to the respective collectors their

603 warrants

454 Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. c. 37. [ 1802 .

warrants for the speedy and effectual levying and collecting the

said rates and duties as the same shall become payable by quar-

terly instalments; and that such part thereof as cannot be fo

levied and collected, shall be recoverable as a debt upon record

to the King's majesty , his heirs and successors, with full costs of

suit, and paid to the receiver general in aid of the parish or place

in which the same shall be charged, and for which payment the

said parith and place thall be answerable.

Commission-

IX. And be it further enacted , That all and every the per-

ers, clerks,

fons who are or may be authorised to be commissioners for

surveyors, &c. putting in execution the acts in force relating to the duties on

for putting in

executionthe houses, windows, or lights, shall be commissioners for executing

acts relating this act , and the powers herein contained in all and every the

to the duties counties, ridings, divisions, shires, stewartries, cities, boroughs,

houses , &c.

to put this act cinque ports, towns, and places respectively within Great Bri-

inexecution, tain, and the several persons , who, as clerks, surveyors, and in-

spectors , assessorss and collectors respectively, are or may be

authorised to act in the execution of the said acts, relating to

the duties on houses, windows, or lights, shall also be clerks,

inspectors, surveyors, assessors, and collectors, to act in the exe-

cution of this act ; and the said commissioners, and other the

persons fo authorised to act in the execution of the said acts,

shall and they are hereby respectively empowered and required

to do all things necessary for putting this act in execution in

the like and in as full and ample a manner as they or any of

them are or is authorised to put in execution the said acts, or

any other act or acts relating to any of the duties ' charged by

affeffinent.

Puties to be

assessed as for-

mer duties ,

or as may be

directed by

any act tobe

passed in this

Reffion for

granting additional

dutieson

houses, &c.

X. And be it further enacted , That the said several rates and

duties shall respectively be assessed, raised, levied, collected , and

received, in such and the like form and manner, and with such

powers of surcharge and appeal from the fame, and according to

such rules, methods, and directions, and with such exceptions

and exemptions as are prescribed and appointed by any act or

acts now in force, for afsessing, raising, levying, ' collecting, re-

covering, and paying the rates and duties payable at and imme

diatelybefore the time ofpaffing this act, on servants, carriages,

horses, mules, and dogs, as far as the same are not expressly

altered by this act; and that all and every the powers, authorities , methods, rules, directions, penalties, forfeitures, clauses,

matters, and things, contained in the said acts herein- before

mentioned, or any other act or acts therein referred to, and in

force at and immediately before the palling of this act, and

not altered by this act, or which shall be contained in any act

to be passed in this session of parliament for granting additional

duties on houses , windows , or lights, for the speedy and effec-

tual levying, collecting, and paying , and re- affeffing, in default

of payment, the rates and duties granted by the said acts, of

either of them, or any other the rates and duties charged by

atfelliment, thall be in full force, andbe severally and tespectively

duly observed, practised, applied, and put in execution through

out

1802. ] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. с. 37. 455

out Great Britain, for the levying, collecting, and paying the

said several rates and duties in the schedules to this act mentioned , and re-assessing the fame , in default of payment, as fully

and effectually to all intents and purposes as if the fame powers,

authorities, methods, rules, directions, penalties , forfeitures,

clauses, matters , and things were particularly repeated and re-

enacted in the body of this act.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the assessorss for the time Assessor ...

being , small within twenty- one days after the passing of this act , within certain

for the year ending on the fifth day of April one thousand eight periods to

causegeneral

hundred and three, and for every subsequent year after the said notices to be

day , within twenty-one days after the fifth day of April in such affixed on the

year , cause general notices to be affixed on the doors of the churchdoors,

church or chapel, or market-house, or cross ( if any), of the or market

house or

city , town, parish, or place for which such assessorss shall act ; cross, of the

and if such place shall not have a church, or chapel, or market- place , requir-

house , or cross, then on the nearest church or chapel door of any ing lifts

adjoining parish, requiring all persons residing in the said city , delivered,

which shall be

town , parith, or place, who are by this act required fo to do, to deemed fuffi

make out and deliver to the respective assessorss, such lifts or de- cient notice.

clarations as are herein- after required ; and such general notice

shall, from the time when the same shall be affixed, be deemed

sufficient notice of the time within which the returns before-

mentioned shall be required to be made in each year, to all

persons residing in such city, town, parish, or place, and the

affixing the fame in manner before directed, shall be deemed

good service of such notice to all persons within the limits of

such city, town, parish, or place , and the said respective affel-

fors shall cause the said notices, from time to time, to be replaced

( if necessary ) for the space of twenty-one days before the time

required for the delivery of such lifts or declarations as aforesaid ;

and every person wilfully tearing , defacing , or obliterating any Penalty for

such notice so affixed, shali forfeit, for every such offence, a sum defacingno-

not exceeding twenty pounds, nor less than five pounds, tices.

to be recovered as any penalty may be recovered under any

law relating to the duties under the management of the said

commissioners.

XII . Provided always , and be it further enacted, That be- Assessor

fides such general notices as aforesaid, the said respective assessors within certain

shall , within twenty-one days after the passing of his act , for periods to

the respective periods aforesaid , in which the first assesliment un- dwelling

leave at every

der this act is directed to be made, and for every subsequent house of

year after the said periods, within twenty- one days after the fifth persons liable

day of April in England , and the twenty-fourth day of May in to the duties,

notices for

Scotland , in every such year, give or leave at every such dwell- the occupier

ing house where any person liable , or supposed to be liable , to and inmates,

the duties hereby imposed, or either of them, shall reside within requiring

the limits of the places for which such assessorss act, one notice lifts to be

to and for the occupier thereof; and where such dwelling house produced .

shall be let in different apartments, and occupied distinctly by

different persons or families, a like notice to and for the occu-

964

pier

1

456 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III . c. 37. [1802 .

pier of each distinct story or apartment, provided any person

liable, or supposed to be liable as aforesaid, shall reside there,

and also a like notice to and for every person so liable , then re-

siding in such dwelling house as a lodger or inmate, within the

L

knowledge of such assessors or assessors, requiring such persons

respectively to prepare and produce within twenty-one days next

ensuing the day of giving such notice, a lift or declaration in

writing , in the form herein-after required.

Persons keep- XIII. And be it further enacted, That every person who

ingmalefer-

vants, &c. in shall have retained or employed any male servant or servants,

the course of or kept any carriage, horse, mule, or dog , in the course of

the year end- the year ending on the fifth day of April one thousand eight

ing April 5. hundred and two, shall within thirty days after the passing of

1802, shall,

within a li-

this act, without any previous notice for that purpose, cause to

mitedtime, be prepared true and particular lifts in writing , signed by such

without any person, or on his or her behalf , and shall contain the parish or

previous no- place, and the parishes or places where such person shall reside ;

tice, makeout

and deliver to and one of such lifts shall also contain the greatest number of

the assessorss male servants retained or employed by such persons at any time

certain lists. in the course of the year , ending on the fifth day of April one

thousand eight hundred and two, in any of the capacities men---

tioned in an act passed in the twenty-fifth year of the reign of

his present Majesty, and charged with any duty by the said act ,

or in any other capacity mentioned in this act, or in the sche

dules hereunto annexed, and the names of such servants and the

several capacities in which they shall serve ; and whenever the

person required to return such list shall be liable to the duty on

" Tervants kept by any male person, never having been married,

he shall be required to denote the fame, by adding to the signa-

ture of his name , in his own hand writing, the letter B.; ang-

ther of the laid lifts shall contain the greatest number of carriages

mentioned or described in another act, passed in the said twenty-

fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, kept by such per-

fon at any one time within the like period , and charged with

any duty by the said act last mentioned, describing therein by

its usual name and description the particular kind and denomina-

tion of such carriage , and distinguishing the number of such

carriages with four wheels from the number of such carriages

with less than four wheels, and also distinguishing the number

of horses by which such carriages, with less than four whee's

shallhave beendrawn at any time during the above mentioned

period, and also the number of such carriages liable as taxed

carts ; another of the said lifts shall contain the greatest number

ofhorfes, mares, or geldings, kept and used for the purposes of

riding or drawing any carriage chargeable with duty by this act

at any one time within the like period; another of such its

thall contain the greatest number of all other horses, mares, or

geldings, and mules, kept by such person at any one time, dif-

inguishing therein such horses, mares, geldings , and mules, as

are exempted from the said rates and duties within the like pe-

riod , and another lit shall contain the greatest number of dogs

kept

1802. ] Annoregni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. c.37. 457

kept by such person within the like period, distinguishing therein

any greyhound, hound , pointer, setting dog, spaniel, lurcher,

or . terrier , from any other dog where one dog only shall be kept

by such person ; and every such person shall cause such lifts to

be delivered to the assessors or assessorss of the said rates and duties

for the district , parish, or place where such person shall reside,

and which lifts so delivered shall be in lieu of any other lists required to be delivered in pursuance of the directions contained

in any former act; and every such person shall be liable to be Persons tobe

affesled and charged for the year in which such list shall or ought affessed for the

tobe delivered according to the greatest numberoffuch servants, greatest num-

fer-

carriages, horses, mares, orgeldings, mules, anddogs retained ,vants, &c.

employed, kept, or used as aforesaid , by such person within the kept within

period for which such lift ought to be delivered . theyear.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That every person liable to Persons liable

the said rates and duties shall yearly, that is to say, between the to the duties,

without pre-

fifth day of April and the thirtieth day of May in every subse- vious notice,

quent year, and he and she is hereby required , without any pre- to deliver to

vious notice for that purpose, to cause to be prepared and to be the assessorss,

delivered to the respective assessors before mentioned, a true and yearly , lifts of

thegreatest

particular list of the greatest number of such servants retained or number of

employed , and of carriages, horses, mules, and dogs, kept by servants, &c.

such person at any one time in the course of the preceding year, kept by them.

ending on the said fifth day of April; which lifts shall be pre-

pared in the forms before prescribed, and according to the

directions of his act in respect thereof , and shall renew the same

in the same manner in every year, so long as such persons shall

be liable to the said rates and duties, or any of them ; and every

person shall be chargeable for the greatest number of servants,

carriages, horses, mares, or geldings, mules, and dogs, retained,

employed, kept , or used by him or her at any one time within

such preceding year.'

XV. And be it further enacted, That if the assessors, fur- Assessor, & c.

veyors , or inspectors, or any of them, shall, upon examination to make a surcharge in

of any lift or lifts, or affefsment or affefsments, or otherwise find, double the

that any person liable to the said rates and duties in the sche -duty for

dules to this act mentioned, or any of them, hath not made a omillion of

return or delivered a lift , as by this act is required, or hath servants, &c.

in lifts , and

omitted any servant, carriage, horse, mule, or dog, which ought shall be enti-

tohave been so returned ,then such respective aflessors, surveyors, tled to one

and inspectors , are hereby required to make a surcharge in double moietythere-

thedutyat which such person or persons ought to be charged in of .

respect of the servants, carriages, horses, mules, and dogs not

returned as aforesaid , and every person shall be charged in such

double duty for every servant, carriage, horse , mule, or dog

not justly returned as aforesaid ; and the assessors, surveyor , or

inspector, so making such surcharge, shall be, and is hereby en-

titled to , and shall have and receive for his own ufe from the

respective receivers general, one moiety of the sum charged by

every surcharge which shall be justly made as aforesaid.

XVI. And

458 Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. C. 37. [1802.

Personsbe-

XVI. And be it further enacted, That every person who,

ginning after from and after the fifth day of April one thousand eight hundred

April 5, 1802 , and two, shall begin to retain or employ any such male servant,

tokeepany

male servant , ог keep or use any such carriage , horse, mule, or dog , (such

&c. or ceasing servant, carriage, horse, mule, or dog , not being in the place

tokeep any , or stead of any former one liable to the like duty), or who shall

shall, within

20days, give cease to retain or employ any male servant, or to keep or ufe

notice to the any carriage , horse, mule, or dog, liable to the duty , without

aflessor .

retaining or employing any other male servant, or keeping or

using any other carriage, horse , mule, or dog liable to the like

duty , in the place or stead of such servant , carriage, horse , mule,

or dog, shall, within twenty days after he or she shall so begin

orcease to retain or employ such servant, or to keep or use such

carriage, horse, mule, or dog, cause notice thereof to be given

to the assessor or assessorss for the district, parish, or place where

he or she shall reside , and of the number of such servants , car-

riages, horses, mules, and dogs, and the increase or decrease

made thereby, describing in such notice every such servantby

his proper name, and the several capacities in which such fer-

vants respectively shall be or shall have been retained or employed,

and also describing every such carriage by its usual name and

description, distinguishing the number of wheels belonging to

each such carriage, and the number of horses used in drawing

any such carriage with less than four wheels, and also distin-

guishing each such carriage liable as a taxed cart; and also

describing every such horse, mare, or gelding , distinguithing the

horses mentioned or described in the said act passed in the twenty-

fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty , from the horses

and mules mentioned or described in the said act passed in the

thirty- sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty; and also

describing every dog kept by such person, distinguishing the kind

of dog where one dog only shall be kept by such person as

50k . penalty aforesaid.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any person liable

for notdeli- to the said rates and duties, or any of them , shall neglect to de-

vering lists,

orfor omif . liver a lift according to the directions of this act, or shall omit

fions therein. any person, or anydescription, matter, or thing which ought to

be contained therein according to this act , he or she so offending

thall forfeit and pay the fum offifty pounds over and above any

rate or duty chargeable as aforesaid, to be recovered as by this

act is directed.

Persons hav- XVIII. And be it further enacted, That every person who

ingdivers placesofre-

hall have divers places of residence, or small keep any servants,

fidence to de- carriages, horses, mares, geldings, mules , or dogs, at divers

liver lifts at places, thall be obliged to deliver such lift at each of such places ,

each, andspe- and to insert in every such lift the whole number of servants re-

cify the num-tained or employed by such person, and the whole number of

ber intended

to be paid for carriages, horses, mares or geldings, mules, and dogs, kept by

in the district fach person within Great Britain ; and shall alto in every such

wheredeliver- list specify the particular number of each description respectively

ed ,onpenaltyintended to be paid for within the limits of the district, parith,

sol. of

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III.c.37. 459

or place where such list shall be delivered; and shall also at the

fame time make his or her declaration, to be inserted in such

lift , and signed by him or her, specifying the particular counties

or county, and parishes or parith wherein each such place of his

or her residence is situate, and also the particular counties or

county , andparishes or parish wherein any of his or her servants,

carriages , horses, mares or geldings, mules or dogs, are kept,

and the respective numbers of each description kept in such

parishes or places respectively, and where the fame, or any of

them , are intended to be paid for , if the fame, or any of them,

are intended to be paid for at any other of those parishes or

places respectively than the parish orplace where such list shall

be delivered orgiven as aforesaid, onpain that every person of-

fendinginany of the particulars before mentioned shall for every

such offence forfeit and pay the fum of fifty pounds over and

above the rate or duty chargeable as aforesaid to be recovered as

bythis actisdirected .

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted , That the Penalty for

penalty by this act imposed for not delivering the lifts or decla- not delivering

rations hereby required to be delivered , or omitting to insert omissions

in lifts or for

therein , any servants, carriages, horses, mules, ordogs , which therein not

ought to have been inserted therein, shall not be fued or pro- to be fued for

fecuted for in anycase where the person or persons against whom where the partieshave

the suit or prosecution shall be brought before the commence-been fur-

ment thereof shall have been surcharged and assessedindouble charged.

the duty payable for the servants, carriages, horses, mules, or

dogs respectively retained or kept by him or her, and of which

no lifst shall have been delivered, or which shall have been omit-

ted in such lifts or declarations as aforesaid.

XX. -Providedalso , and be it further enacted, That any per-

Persons claim-

fon claiming to be within any of the exemptions allowed by this ing exemp-

tions make

act, thall make a due return thereof , and the cause or causes of a return

such exemption, and if any dispute shall arise whether the person thereof , and

be entitled to such exemption, the proof thereof shall lie on the incaseof dif-

person claiming such exemption, who on any suit prosecution,

pute , the

or proofshall lie

or on any surcharge, shall be permitted to alledge the fame on on the claim-

bath or affirmation, or to prove the fame bylawful evidence to ant.

be produced and shewn by him; provided that no exemption

be allowed, unless the fame, and the cause thereof , shall have

beendulyreturned to the assessors or assessors as aforesaid....

XXI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the fifth Personsre-

day of April one thousand eight hundred and two, ifany person moving with .

outpaying

rated and affessed to any of the said rates and duties charged by the duties, or

this act, or the said former acts, shall remove out of the limits leaving fuffi-

of the collectors of the said rates and duties, without first pay . cient affets, to

ing or discharging , or causing to be paid or discharged, all the forfei 201.

rates and duties charged upon him or her , and which shall then

be due and payable , or without leaving in such parish or place

sufficient goods and chattels whereon the said rates and duties in

arrear may be raised and levied , every such person shall, for

every such offence, forfeit and pay, over andabove the said rates and

1

460 Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. C.37. [1802 .

andduties so left unpaid as aforesaid , the sum oftwenty pounds,

Householders

to be recovered as by this act is directed.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That every inhabitant

to enter in a

householder of any house in which there shall be any lodger or

book an account of fer. inmate residing therein, keeping any servant, or any carriage ,

vants, &c. horse , mule, or dog liable to any of the said duties, shallfrom

kept by lodg- time to time enter in a book, an account of every servant , and

ers, and li- of every carriage, horse, mule, or dog belonging to such lodger

very stable keepers of or inmate ; and every livery stable keeper or other person receiv

horses or ing any horses or carriages to stand at livery, or delivered to

carriages him or her to be kept, and every person keeping any carriage or

standing at carriages, or any horse, mare, or gelding, horses, mares, or

livery, and to

deliver lifts geldings to let out to hire by way ofjob , or letting out the fame

containing the to hire by way of job , shall also from time to time enter in a

particulars book, an account of every horse or carriage standing at livery ,

thereof , on or kept by him or her as aforesaid ; and every person hereby

penaltyofsol.required to enter and keep such account, shall within twenty

days after the fifth day of July, and the tenth day of October one

thousand eight hundred and two, and within twenty days after

the fifth day of January, and the fifth day of April , the fifth day

of July, and the tenth day of October in every subsequent year ,

deliver a list in writing of every such lodger or inmate residing

1. in the house of every such householder, and of every proprietor

of any carriage, horse, or mule standing at livery, or delivered

to such stable keeper or other person to be kept as aforesaid, or

keptby such person to be let out to hire, or being let out tohire

as aforesaid ; and every such list to be delivered by such house-

holder, shail, to the best of his or her knowledge or belief ,

express the christian and surname of every such lodger or inmate ,

and also of every such servant; and every such lift to be delivered

by such stable keeper or other person aforesaid shall, to the best

of his or her knowledge or belief , express the christian and fur-

name of the proprietor of every such carriage, horse, or mule ,

and every such lift shall also contain the greatest number of fer

vants, carriages, horses, mules, and dogs which any such lodger

or inmate, or any such proprietor, shall have retained or kept

in the dwelling house or premises of such householder, stable

keeper, or other person, or which shall be kept to let out to

hire , or be let out to hire by way ofjob, by such stable keeper

or other person, to the best of his or her knowledge or belief;

and if any inhabitant, householder, or any stable keeper or other

person aforesaid, shall neglect to keep such account, or to deliver

such last-mentioned list, or shall wilfully omit anydescription

which ought to be contained therein, he or she so offending shall

forfeit and pay the fum of fifty pounds to be recovered as by

this act is directed.

Recovery and XXIII. And be it further enacted, That all pecuniary penal-

distu ibution ofties by this act imposed shall be recovered and distributed in such

penalties. manner as the penalties imposed by any act of the present session

of parliament for granting to his Majesty additional duties on

houses, windows, or lights , are directed to be recovered and

distributed. XXIV. And

1802.] Annoregni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. C. 37. 461

XXIV . And be it further enacted, That all the monies Consolidated

arising by the said rates and duties by this act granted shall duties tobe

carried to the

from time to time , together with the monies arising by the consolidated

rates and duties granted by the acts herein-before mentioned fund of Great

and hereby consolidated, the necessary charges of raising and Britain .

accounting for the same excepted , be paid into the receipt of his

Majesty's exchequer, and shall be carried to and made part of

the consolidated fund of Great Britain.

XXV. And whereas , by the said first mentioned act it was pro- By 38Geo. 3.

vided , that for the purpose of making a permanent addition to the C. 41. the

duties there-

publick revenue, and of defraying any increased charge occasioned by by granted

certain loans made and flock created by authority of parliament , there were to be en-

should be, during the remainder of certain periods of ten years, to be tered in the

computed as in the said act is mentioned , separately entered in the auditor's of-

fice in the ex-

books provided and kept in the office of the auditor of the receipt ofchequer fepa

bis Majesty's exchequer for the purposes aforesaid , at the end of every rately, in

quarter of a year, the proportions therein- after mentioned of the said certain pro-

duties by the said alt granted, for the purpose ofsupplying the several portions.

accounts of the said rates and duties thereby directed to be kept ; that

1

is to say , for the general account existing prior to the fifth day of

April one thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, out of the duties

thereby granted on male servants, one fourth part of the fum of

ninety - three thousand pounds ; out of the duties thereby granted on

carriages, one fourth part of the sum of two hundred thousand

pounds; and out of the duties thereby granted on horses used for the

purpose of riding or for the purpose of drawing certain carriages,

onefourthpart of the sum of one hundred and six thousand pounds ;

and that after reserving such fourth part of the said severalfums of

money arising from the said respective duties, the remainder thereof ,

and also all other monies arising from the duties thereby granted ,

should at the end of each such quarter be entered in the separate accounts directed to be kept at the office of the said auditor in the pro-

portions therein- after prescribed ; that is to say, in the separate

account directed to be kept by the several alts passed in the thirty-

fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, the fum ofnine thou-

fand three hundred and thirty pounds out of the said duties on male

servants ; the furtherfum of twenty thousand pounds out of the said

duties on carriages, and the furtherfum of ten thousandfix hun-

dredpounds out of thesaid duties on horses used for the purposes aforesaid , on account of certain duties on such malefervants, carriages,

and horses , granted by certain acts passed in the said thirty - fourth year

of the reign of his present Majesty , and in the separate account di-

retted to be kept by several acts passed in the thirty- sixth year of the

reign of his present Majesty, the fum of nine thousand three hundred

and thirty pounds out of the said duties on male servants , and the

further sum of twenty thousand pounds out of the said duties on car-

riages , on account of certain duties granted on suchfervants and

carriages by certain alts passed in the thirty - sixth year of the reign of

bis present Majesty, the further fum of one hundred and six thou-

Sand pounds out of the said duties on horses used for the purposes

foresaid , the further fum of ninety -five thousand pounds out of the

1 Said

462 Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. c. 37. [1802.

said duties on other horses and mules ; and the furtherfum ofseventy

thousand pounds out of the said duties on dogs ; and in theseparate

account directed to be kept as aforesaid by several acts passed in the

thirty- seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, the remainder

of the rates and duties by the said alt granted , as the same should

respectively arise at the end of each such quarter : and whereas, by

an act passed in the forty- first year of the reign of his present Majesty,

certain additional rates and duties were granted on horses used for

the purposes therein mentioned , and certain other additional rates and

duties on all other horses and on mules : and whereas, by the said last

mentioned acts, the monies arising respectively from the duties thereby

imposed, were declared to be respectively an addition made to the revenue for the purpose of defraying the increased charge occasioned by

any loans raised or stock created by virtue of any acts passed in the

fame respečlive years, and thatfeparate accounts thereofshould be kept

Appropria- at the said receipt ; be it further enacted, That after reserving at

of duties

tion of duties the said receipt the several fums so specified, in the manner

after reserving directed by the said first mentioned act , there shall , during the

the said fums . remainder of the period often years, to be computed from the

time of granting the said duties by the said first mentioned act,

out of the monies arising by the duties collected by virtue ofand

under this act, be entered in the account directed to be kept by

certain acts passed in the thirty- feventh year of his present Majesty's reign, at the end of every such quarter as aforesaid, the

fum ofseventy- six thousand two hundred and seventy-five pounds,

being one fourth part of the annual average amount of the said

remainder of the rates and duties granted by the said first mentioned act for three years, ending on the fifth day of January

one thousand eight hundred and two; and in the separate account directed to be kept by certain acts pasled in the forty-first

year of his present Majesty's reign, at the end of every such

quarter as aforesaid, the sum of seventy-two thousand five hundred pounds, being one fourth part of the estimated produce of

the said last mentioned additional rates and duties for one year,

ending the fifth day of April one thousand eight hundred and

two; and after reserving the said several sums, the remainder of

the monies collected and paid under and by virtue of his act,

shall , for the period of ten years from the time ofpassing this

act, be entered in a separate account, to be kept at the said re-

ceipt, and shall be deemed a permanent increase to the publick

revenue of Great Britain , for the purpose of defraying any in-

creased charge occasioned by any loan to be made or stock to be

created by authority of any act of parliament passed or to be

passed in this session of parliament, or for supplying any deficiency

in the consolidated fund of Great Britain, by occasion of any act

passed or to be passed in this session of parliament , for repealing

the duties on income, and charging the annuities now charged

on the fame duties so repealed on the said consolidated fund.

Act maybe

altered or repealedthis

Teffion.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That this act may be

varied , altered , or repealed, by any act or acts to be made in

this present session of parliament. : SCHEDULE

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo fecundoGEORGII III. c . 37. 463

SCHEDULE (A) .

ASCHEDULE of the Rates and Duties payable for every

Male Servant retained or employed by any person or persons,

in the several capacities mentioned in an act pasled in the

twenty-fifth year of his present Majesty's reign.

Duties pay- Additional Total to be

ableby38Geo-duties payable chargedin one

Number of Servants.

3. cap . 41. for by this act for fum for each

each servant. each servant. servant.

£• s. d . £. S. d . £. S. d .

For such servant I 10 1,0 2 -

2 - 22

-

8 2 JO

-

4

3 214 6 3

4

214 16 3 10

-6

-

5678

3.6

14

36

18

36

I

8

3 12

I

-

9

3 18I 2

01-

44

I 6

-11 andupwards-

4 16

I 10

34444556

-

4

46

12

10

6

For every such servant retained or employed by

any male person never

having been married,

over and above the be-

fore -mentioned duties,

the further fum of

I 10 ΣΙΟ-

Thesaid rates and duties to be paid by the master or mistress

of such servants , and not toextend to any male servant retained

er employed solely for the purposes of husbandry or manufacture , or of any trade or calling by which the master or mistress

of such servant earns alivelihood or profit, other than waiters

in taverns, coffee houses, inns, ale-houses, or any other houses

licensed to fell wines, ale, or other liquors by retail, (except

occasional waiters) .

SCHEDULE

464 Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. c. 37. [1802.

SCHEDULE (B. No. 1. )

A SCHEDULE of the Rates and Duties payable for every

Carriage of the several descriptions herein-after mentioned ,

kept by any person or persons.

Number of Carriages.

Duties payable

by 38 Geb. 3

cap.41.

Additional du- Total to be

ties payable charged in one

by this act sum for each

for each car- carriage .

riage.

£ . s. d . L. 5 .

d . £. 5 . d .

For I such carriage with

four wheels

- 9 12

-

-

8

- 10

-

-

For 2 such carriages with

four wheels

10 4

-

16

-

II-

-

- 3 II

4 16

12-

-

-

345678

-

II 8 I 2

- 12 10

II II I 9

13

- -

11 12- 1 18

13 10

11 13

6 2

6

614

II 14

-

2 16

14 10

-

- II 14- -

9or upwards

36

15-

The said rates and duties to be charged for every coach,

berlin, landau, chariot, calash, chaise marine, chaise with four

wheels, or caravan with four wheels, or any number thereof , by

whatever name or names the fame may be called or known, kept

by any person or persons for his or their own use, or to let out

to hire, except as herein-after mentioned,

For

1802. ] Anno regni quadragesimo fècundoGEORGII III. c. 37. 465

SCHEDULE ( B. No. 1 .) -continued.

Duties payable

by 38 Geo. 3-

cap. 41 .

Additional du- Total to be

ties payable charged in one

by this act fum for each

for each car- carriage.

riage .

L 5 . d . L. s. d . L 5 . d.

For every such carriage

with four wheels let to

hire for the purpose of

travelling post for aday

or any less period of

time , or by the mile,

or from stage to stage,

by anypostmaster, inn-

keeper, or other person

dulylicensed to let post

horses by the commif-

fioners for managing

the duties on stamped

vellum , parchment, or

paper, and whereon the

name or names and

place of abode of the

person or persons so li-

censed, shall be marked

or painted according to

thedirections of the act

inthat cafe made and

provided , and for every

coach or diligence with

four wheels or more,

which shall be kept and

employed as a publick

flage coach for the pur-

pole of conveying paf-

fengers for hire to and

from different places

within this kingdom ,

and which shall beduly

entered as such with

the said last mentioned

commissioners- 88 88-

VOL. XLIII. Нн SCHEDULE

466 Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. c. 37. [1802 .

SCHEDULE (B. No. 2.)

A SCHEDULE of the Rates and Duties payable for every

Carriage of the several descriptions herein- after mentioned ,

kept by any person or persons.

Number of Carriages,

Duties payable

by 38 Geo. 3.

cap. 41.

L. s.

Additional du- Total to be

ties payable charged in one

by this act fum for each

for each car- carriage .

riage .

d . L. 5. d 5 . d .

For every such carriage

with less than four

wheels, and drawn by

one horse, mare, or

gelding, and no more

And for every such carriage drawn by two or

more horses, mares, or

geldings-

44 II- 55-

44 33 77 -

The said rates and duties to be charged on every calash,

chaise, or chair, with less than four wheels, or by whatever

other name or names such carriage may be called or known,

kept by any person or persons for his, her, or their own use, or

to let out to hire , to be paid by the person or persons keeping or

using such carriages .

SCHEDULE

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. c . 37. 467

SCHEDULE (C. No. 1.)

A SCHEDULE of the Rates and Duties payable for all Horses,

Mares, and Geldings, kept and used by any person or per-

fons for the purpose of riding, or for the purpose of drawing

any carriage chargeable with duty by affessment .

Duties pay-

ableby 38Geo Additionaldu- Total to be

3. cap . 41. and ties payable by charged in one

Number ofHorses, Mares, 41 Geo. 3.

this actfor each sum for each

cap 9. for each horse, mare, or horse, mare, or

or Geldings. gelding.

horse, mare, or gelding.

gelding .

£ S. d . £. s . d . £. s. d.

For I such horse, mare, or

gelding

1 14-

-

6 2 --

-

2such horses, mares,

or geldings

- 2 16- - 10- 6-

3

-

- 3 3 2

-

10 3 12-

- -

4 35 10- 3 15

-

5 36 10 3 16

-

- 6 3 10 10 4

-7 3 11

-

10 4 I

8 3 11 10 4 I

- 9 3 11 6 10 4 6

01-

3 12-

-

10 4 2

11-

3 12

-

10 4 2

-12 3 12- 10 4 2

-13 3 12 6- 10 4 2 6

-14- 3 12 6 10 4 2 6

-15 3 12 6- 10 4 2 6

-16 3 12 6 10 4 2 6

-17- 3 13- - 10 4 3-

-18 3 13 6

-

10 4 3 6

-19 314 10 4 4

-20 and upwards- 3 15- 10 4 5

The said rates and duties to be paid by the person or persons

keeping and using the said horses, mares, or geldings.

HH2 SCHEDULE

468 Annoregni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III.c.37 . [1802.

SCHEDULE (C. No. 2.)

A SCHEDULE of the Rates and Duties payable for Horses,

Mares, and Geldings, not charged with any duty according to

schedule C. No. 1. and also on Mules.

Duties pay

ableby 38 Geo . Additionaldu- Total tobe

3 cap. 41. and ties payable by charged in one

Number of Horses, Mares, or 41 Geo. 3. this actfor each sum for each

Geldings, or Mules .

cap 9. for each horse, mare, or norse , mare, or

horse.mare, or gelding, o or gelding, or

gelding, or mule.

mule.

mule.

Los. d. L.5.

£. s. d .

For each horse , mare, or

gelding kept by any

person, and not charged

with any duty accord-

ing to schedule C.No.1 .

as aforesaid, and for

each mule

-10 - 2 61 12 6

The said rates and duties to be paid by the person or persons

keeping or using such horses, mares, geldings, or mules .

SCHEDULE

1802. ) Anno regni quadragesimosecundo GEORGII III. c. 37. 469

SCHEDULE D.

ASCHEDULE of the Rates and Duties payable for every Dog

of the several descriptions herein-after mentioned, kept by or

for the use of any person or persons.

Number ofDogs. Duties payable Additional du- Total to be

by 38Geo . 3

ties payable charged in one

cap. 41. for

by this act fum for each

eachdog.

for eachdog. dog .

£ . s.

d . L. s. d. f. s. d .

For every greyhound,

hound, pointer, setting

deg, spaniel, lurcher, or

terrier, and for every

dog of whatever description or denomina-

tion the same may be,

where any person shall

keep two or more dogs

-

6 4 -10

-

For anydog ( not being a

greyhound, hound, fet-

ting dog, spaniel, lurch-

er , or terrier, ) kept by

!

or for the use of any

a

person inhabiting dwelling house astessed

to any of the duties

on houses, windows, or

lights, or on inhabited

houses, where one such

dog and no more shall

be kept by or for the

ufe of such person 4 2 - 6-

The said rates and duties tobe paid by the persons respectively keeping such dogs, or for whose use the same shall be

kept, and to be subject to the regulations contained in an act

passed in the thirty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, authorising a composition to be made in respect to hounds

kept by any person, on payment yearly of the sum of thirty

pounds, instead of the sum therein mentioned.

1

CAP.

470 Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. c. 38. [1802.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An actfor granting to his Majesty additional duties on beer and ale

brewed in or imported into Great Britain; on malt made in Great

Britain; on hops grown in or imported into Great Britain ; and

on spirits distilled in Ireland and imported into Great Britain ;

for repealing certain allowances to brewers of beer andale ; and

for preventing frauds and abuses in the revenue ofexcife, on beer ,

ale , and malt.- [April 30, 1802.] . :

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects , the

commons of Great Britian and Ireland in parliament af-

sembled, towards raising the necessary supplies to defray your

Majesty's publick expences, and making a permanent addition

to the publick revenue of Great Britain, have freely and volun-

tarily resolved to give and grant unto your Majesty the several

additional rates and duties of excise herein respectively mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty

that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King's most

excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the

lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present par-

From Mayr, liament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That,

1802, the fol- from and after the first day of May one thousand eight hundred

lowing additional duties and two , there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid to and

shall be paid: for the use of his Majesty , his heirs and fuccessors, the several

and respective rates and duties of excise herein- after mentioned,

over and above and in addition to all other rates and duties

whatever other than such as are by this act repealed ; that is

to say ,

Onstrong beer :

For every barrel of beer or ale above sixteen shillings the

barrel, exclusive of the duties of excise payable thereon, and

by this act denominated strong beer (and not being two-penny

ale mentioned and described in the seventh article of the treaty

of union with Scotland ) , which shall be brewed in Great Britain

by any common brewer, or other person or persons who shall

fell or tap out any beer or ale publickly or privately, to be

paid by such common brewer or other person or persons respectively , and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity ,

two shillings:

Table beer :

For every barrel of beer or ale of sixteen shillings the barrel

or under, exclusive of the duty of excise payable thereon, and

by this act denominated table beer, which shall be brewed in

Great Britain by any common brewer, or other person or per-

fons who shall fell or tap out any beer or ale publickly or pri-

vately, to be paid by such common brewer or other person or

persons respectively , and so in proportion for any greater or less

quantity, two shillings :

For

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 38. 471

For every barrel of two-penny ale mentioned and describedAle described

in the seventh article of the treaty ofunion with Scotland , to be in the seventh

article of the

paid bythe common brewer or victualler, and so in proportion union with

for any greater or less quantity, ten-pence. Scotland:

For every barrel consisting of thirty -fix gallons English beer Irish beer or

measure of Irish beer or ale, which shall be imported into Great ale imported

into Great

Britain from Ireland , and so in proportion for any greater or Britain prior

less quantity , to be paid by the importer thereof before the land- to May 1,

ing thereof , five shillings and five-pence previous to the first 1803 :

day of May one thousand eight hundred and three , and five

shillings and eleven -pence from that period :

For every barrel of beer, ale, or mum, which shall be im- Beer, ale , or

ported from beyond the seas into Great Britain ( not being Irish mum im-

beer, ale, or mum imported directly from Ireland) , and so in ported into

Great Britain

proportion for any greater or less quantity , to be paid by the ( not being

importer thereof before the landing thereof , twelve shillings and Irith) :

eleven-pence:

For everybushel of malt which shall be made ofbarley or any Maltmade in

other corn or grain in Great Britain, and so in proportion for Great Britain:

any greater or less quantity , to be paid by the maker thereof ,

onethilling and one farthing :

For every bushel of malt, whether ground or unground , Maltin poffef-

fion of any

made of barley or of any other corn or grain, belonging to any maltfter, re-

maltster or maker of malt , seller or retailer of malt, brewer, tailer, brewer,

distiller, innkeeper, victualler, or vinegar maker, which shall be distiller, inn-

either in his custody or possession, or in the custody or possession keeper, victu-

of any other person or persons whatever, in trust for him, her, aller, or vine-

gar maker, on

or them , or for his, her , or their use, benefit , or account, in May 1 , 1802 :

Great Britain, on the first day of May one thousand eight hundred and two, the sum of one shilling and one farthing, and so

in proportion for any greater or less quantity , to be paid by the

person or persons respectively poslessed of such malt:

For every pound weight avoirdupois of hops, growing or to Hops in Great

grow in Great Britain, which shall be cured and made fit for Britain:

ufe , and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity, to be

paid by the respective owners or possessors thereof , one penny

and one farthing and eight twentieth parts of a farthing :

For every pound weight avoirdupois of hops which shall be Hopsimported

from Ireland

imported from Ireland into Great Britain , andso in proportion into Great

for any greater or less quantity , to be paid by the importer Britain :

thereof before thelanding thereof , one penny and one farthing

and eight twentieth parts of a farthing :

For every gallon English wine measure of spirits , aqua vita, Spirits madein

Ireland and

or strong waters, which shall be distilled or made in Ireland and imported into

imported into Great Britain at a strength not exceeding one to Great Britain.

ten over hydrometer proof , and so in proportion for any greater

or higher degree of strength, and of sweetened or compounded

spirits to be computed upon such sweetened or compounded

spirits at the highest degree of strength at which any spirits can

bemade, and fo in proportion for any greater or less quantity ,

HH4 to

!

472 Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGÉORGII III. c. 38. [ 1802 .

to be paid by the importer thereof before the landing thereof,

two- pence three farthings.

From May 1 ,

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said

1802, the pre- first day of May one thousand eight hundred and two, the se-

fent duties on

beer or ale of veral and respective rates and duties payable by any act or acts

135. per barrel of parliament in force at the time of the passing of this act , for

orunder, ex- or in respect of all beer or ale of the price of thirteen shillings

clusive of duty ,( not

the barrel or under, exclusive of the duty payable thereout (not

being ale de- being two-penny ale mentioned and described in the seventh

scribedin the article of the treaty of union with Scotland), shall cease and de-

union with

Scotland) to

termine, and be no longer paid or payable, save and except as

cease.

to all arrears of the said duties, which, on the said first day of

May one thousand eight hundred and two, shall be and remain

unpaid ; any thing in this or any former act or acts ofparlia-

ment to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

From May 1 ,

III. And be it further enacted, That the several and respec-

1802, the al

lowances

tive allowances, granted by an act passed in the twenty-seventh

granted by 27

year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled , An actfor

Geo. 3. c. 13 .

repealing the several duties of customs and excise , andgranting other

to brewers to duties in lieu thereof , and for applying the said duties together with

the other duties composing the publick revenue ; for permitting the im-

portation of certain goods, wares, and merchandize , the produce or

manufacture of the European dominions of the French king, into

this kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed monies remaining

in the exchequerfor the payment of annuities on lives to the reduction

of the national debt, to common brewers or other persons who

do or hall fell or tap out beer or ale publickly or privately , shall,

from and after the first day of May one thousand eight hundred

and two, cease and determine, and be no longer paid or payable, fave and except as to all arrears thereof that may on the said

first day of May one thousand eight hundred and two be and

remain unpaid ; any thing in the said last mentioned act or any

other act or acts of parliament to the contrary in anywise not-

withstanding.

and the allow-

IV. And be it further enacted , That for and in respect of all

ances herein

Specified to be strong beer or ale above sixteen thillings the barrel, exclusive of

madetill July the duties of excise payable thereon, and by this act denomi-

5, 1803, for nated strong beer which shall be brewed or made within the

beerbrewed cities of London and Westminster, and within the weekly bills of

in Great Bri- mortality, after the first day of May one thousand eight hundred

tain .

and two, and before the fifth day of July one thousand eight

hundred and three, by any common brewer or other person

who thall brew and fell or tap out beer or ale publickly or pri-

vately, and for which the full duty by this act imposed on strong

beer shall be duly charged , there shall be set off and allowed out

of such duty to such common brewer or other person respectively, upon whom such duty as aforesaid shall be charged, the

fum of sixpence for every barrel; and for or in respect of all

such strong beer as aforesaid , which shall be so brewed or made

as aforesaid in any other part of Great Britain (not being within the

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII HI. C. 38. 473

the cities of London or Westminster, or the weekly bills of mor-

tality ), after the first day of May one thousand eight hundred

and two, and before the fifth day of July one thousand eight hundred and three, by any such common brewer or other person as

aforesaid, and for which the full duty by this act imposed shall

be duly charged , there shall be set off and allowed to such

common brewer or other person respectively, upon whom suth

duty as aforesaid thall be charged , the sum of eight-pence for

every barrel ; any thing in this act to the contrary in anywise

notwithstanding .

V. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the first From May 1 ,

day of May one thousand eight hundred and two, the several 1802 , the fol-

lowingdraw-

and respective drawbacks and allowances herein- after mentioned backs to be

shall be respectively allowed and paid for and in respect of all allowed on

strong beer and hops which shall be exported from Great Britain, exportation :

under, subject, and according to the rules, regulations, provisions, restrictions , clauses, penalties, and forfeitures contained

in any act or acts of parliament, or any law or laws in force

in relation to the exportation of beer or hops respectively ; that

is tosay ,

For every barrel of strong beer (not being two- penny ale For strong

mentioned and described in the seventh article of the treaty of beer ( not

being Scotch

union with Scotland ), which shall be entered for exportation to ale ), entered

foreign parts, or to Ireland , after the first day of October one forexporta-

thousand eight hundred and two, and so in proportion for any tion to

greater or less quantity, the fum offive shillings and five-pence foreign parts

previous to the first day of May one thousand eight hundred and

or Ireland.

three, and five smillings and eleven-pence from that period :

For every pound weight avoirdupois of hops growing or to For hops ex-

grow in Great Britain , and which shall be cured or rendered fit ported to

for use, and on which the duties by this act granted shall have

Ireland.

been , duly charged, and which shall be exported to Ireland, and

fo in proportion for any greater or less quantity, the sum of

one penny and one farthing and eight twentieth parts of a

farthing .

VI. And be it further enacted, That all the rules, regula Regulations

tions, provisions, clauses, penalties, forfeitures, matters, and of 27 Geo. 3.

c. 13. relating

things, relating to beer commonly called Table Beer , contained to table beer,

in an act passed in the twenty-second year of his present Ma- and also fo

jesty's reign, intituled, An att for repealing the duties payablefor much of the

said act as

beer and ale abovefix shillings the barrel, exclusive of the duties of contains an

excise , and not exceeding eleven shillings the barrel , exclusive of such exception re-

duties , and for granting other duties in lieu thereof; for granting lating thereto,

additional duties on coaches and other carriages therein mentioned, shall, from

and also additional duties on foap made in Great Britain, and upon be repealed.

May 1802,

the produce of the said additional duties on coaches and other car-

riages, and for bettersecuring the duty upon tea and other duties of

excise ; and also for appointing the number of commissioners of excise

who may bear causes depending before them, relative to the duties on male

1

474 Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. c. 38. [1802 .

male servants; and also so much of the said act passed in the twenty-

feventh year of the reign of his present Majesty , as contains an

exception mentioned and specified in the schedule to the said

last recited act marked ( F. ), in relation to beer commonly

called Table Beer , shall, from and after the said first day of May

one thousand eight hundred and two, be and the same are hereby

repealed .

What shall be

VII. And be it further enacted, That all beer or ale above

deemedstrong the price of sixteen shillings the barrel, exclusive of all duties

and what

small beer.

now payable, or that may hereafter be payable for or in respect

thereof , which shall be brewed or made after the said first day of

May, thall be denominated, deemed, and taken to be strong

beer or ale, and all beer of the price of sixteen shillings the

barrel of under, exclusive of the duty payable for or in respect

thereof , which shall be brewed after the first day of May one

thousand eight hundred and two, shall be denominated, deemed,

and taken to be table beer within the meaning of this act, and

all other acts of parliament now in force, or that may hereafter

be passed relating to beer or ale, or any duties granted thereon ,

Acts now in

to all intents and purposes whatever; and all and singular the

force, relating

rules, regulations, prohibitions, restrictions , provisions, clauses ,

to beer or ale,

shall extend

penalties, forfeitures , matters, and things contained in any act

to this act, as

or acts of parliament in force , relating to any beer or ale, or to

faras appli-

the mixing of strong beer, ale, or worts with small beer or finall

cable.

worts, or with water, or to any other matters or things re-

lating to beer or ale, shall be and remain in full force, and

shall be deemed and taken to apply to, and shall be severally and

respectively applied, practised, and put in execution as to the

mixing of strong beer or strong beer worts with table beer , or

table beer worts, or with water, and as to all other matters and

things relating to strong beer and table beer, as far as the same

are applicable and are not altered or repealed by this act, as

fully and amply in every respect as if the said rules, regulations,

prohibitions, restrictions, provisions , clauses, penalties, forfei-

tures, matters, and things were severally and respectively re-

enacted in this act.

Duties tobe

under the

management

of the commissioners of

exche respectively .

VIII. And be it further enacted, That such of the several

and respective duties by this act granted, as shall arise or become

payable in Englmd, shall be under the management of the commissioners of excise in England for the time being, and that such

thereof as shall arise or become payable in Scotland , shall be

under the management of the commissioners of excite in Scotland for the time being.

Casksof table

IX . And be it further enacted, That when and as soon as

beer to be

any table beer thail be cleansed or put into any cask or casks ,

marked, and

the mark to be

the common brewer by whom such table beer was brewed or

continuedtill made, shal immediately markeach and every cask, or cause the

fold, on

fame to be marked with the capital roman letter T. of the

penalty of sol. length of four inches at the least, and if any common brewer

for each calk. shall neglect or refuse so to mark any cask of table beer, or to

cause the same to be so marked as aforesaid, or if any such

common

1802. ) Anno regni quadragesimo fecundoGEORGII III. c. 38. 475 .

common brewer shall not continue such mark, or cause the fame

to remain and continue visible and distinct on each and every

such cask containing any such table beer , during the whole time

the same shall be and remain in his custody or possession , and

until the same shall be delivered intothe custody or poslession of

the person or persons to whom the same shall or maybe fold or

delivered for consumption, or otherwise; every such common

brewer so offending, shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds for

every such cask on which such mark shall not be put or made,

and continued as aforesaid.

X. And be it further enacted, That every common brewer Table beer to

who shall brew or make any table beer, shall as soon as any such be kept sepa-

table beer shall be cleansed or put into any cask or cafks, cause rate from

other beer , on

the same to be removed into and kept separate and apart, and in penalty of

aseparate storehouse , room, cellar, or other place from all other sol. for each

beer whatsoever ; and if any common brewer shall neglect so to cask .

remove or to cause to be removed , every cask of table beer into

a separate storehouse, room, cellar, or other place as soon as

such table beer shall be cleansed or put into any cask or cafks

as aforesaid, or if any such common brewer shall keep or suffer

any such table beer so cleansed or put into any cask or casks as

aforesaid, to be kept in any storehouse, room, cellar , or other

place with any other beer whatsoever, or in which any other

beer not being table beer shall be laid, put, kept , or stored,

every such common brewer so offending, shall for each and every

such cask of table beer that shall not be so removed or kept as

aforesaid, contrary to the provisions of this act, forfeit the sum

offifty pounds.

XI. And be it further enacted, That no table beer shall be Notable

beer to be

- put into or tunned, cleansed, kept , or stored in any cask, vat, put into a

or other vessel, exceeding the content or size of a butt or pipe of vessel contain-

three barrels, on pain of forfeiting for every such offence the ing more than

fum of one hundred pounds : provided always, that nothing three barrels,

onpenalty of

herein contained shall be construed to prevent any common rool .; but on

brewer , upon giving twenty-four hours notice thereof in writ- giving 24

ing to the proper officer of excise, from putting into any tun, hours previ-

vat , or other vessel of a larger size or content than herein-before ous notice to

mentioned, a sufficient quantity of table beer, not exceeding the the excise officer , a

quantity of two barrels for every one hundred barrels of the full larger vessel

content of such tun or vessel , to preserve such vessel in a proper may be used

state and condition for receiving or storing strong beer; and to preserve it

provided also, that no strong beer shall be put, cleansed, or

in a state for

tunned into any such large tun, vat, or other vessel, until all

such table beer shall have been drawn, pumped, or taken out of

receiving strongbeer.

the fame, in the presence of or to the satisfaction of the proper

officer ofexcife.

XII. And whereas the mixing strong beer or strong worts with

table beer or table beer worts, or with water, is very detrimental to

bis Majesty's revenue, an imposition upon the consumer, and hinders

the sale ofgenuinestrong beer ; be it therefore enacted, That if Penalty of

any common brewer shall mix , or cause or suffer to be mixed, 2001. for mix-

ingbeer

anyor strong

476 Annoregni quadragesimo secundo GEORGIIIII. c . 38. [1802.

worts with

any strong beer or fstrong worts with any table beer or table

table beer

or table beer

beer worts, or with water, in any guile tun, working tun, or

worts or wa-

fermenting tun, after such declaration of the quantity of such

ter inany

guile of beer, of which the same was a part, shall have been

guile after

made as is by law required ; or if any common brewer shall at

declaration of any time mix, or cause or suffer to be mixed, any strong beer or

thequantity thereof , or in strong worts with any table beer or table beer worts, or with

any vessel not water, in any vat, cask, tub, measure, or other vessel or utensil

being an en- whatsoever, not being a known and entered guile tun, working

tered guile.

tun, or fermenting tun , every common brewer so offending

thall, for each and every such offence, forfeit the sum oftwo

hundred pounds.

Penaltyof

zool . for fell-

ingtable

beer at an

higher price

than 16s. per

barrel, ex-

clusive of

duty.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any common brewer

shall fell, or cause or permit or suffer to be fold, any beer brewed

and made as or for table beer, and charged with duty as table

beer, at any greater or higher price than sixteen shillings the barrel

(exclusive of the duties) , either as the price of the beer, or under pretence of carriage, credit, or interest ofmoney , or under

any other pretence whatsoever, such common brewer shall, for

every such offence , forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds.

No brewer to

XIV. And be it further enacted, That upon complaint made

be discharged or exhibited before the commissioners ofexcife, orjustices of the

of any alleged overcharge peace respectively, by or on the behalf of any common brewer,

made bythe for or on account orby reason of any overcharge made on such

excise officer , common brewer by any officer or officers ofexcife, in respect of

unless proof any table beer which shall or may be charged and returned by

bemade of

certainparti- any such officer or officers as strong beer, it shall not he lawful

culars.

to or for the said commissioners of excise, or justices of the peace

respectively , to discharge or acquit any such brewer of any such

charge fo made and returned, or of any part thereof , unless

proof shall be made before such commissioners ofexcife , orjuf-

tices of the peace respectively, on the oath ofone or more credible

witness or witnesses, to the satisfaction of such commissioners or

justices respectively , that the whole and entire quantity of the

table beer brewed or made in the guile or brewing to which the

complaint of overcharge has reference or relation, or at least the

greater part of such beer, was actually and bonâfide sold at a

price not exceeding sixteen shillings the barrel, exclusive of the

duty, nor unless the names and residences respectively of the

several persons to whom the said beer, or such greater part thereof ,

was really fold and delivered, and the respective days when the

fame was delivered , be given and declared on the oath of such

witness or witnesses as aforesaid; any thing in this or any other

act or acts of parliament to the contrary in anywise notwith-

standing.

Nobrewer

XV. And be it further enacted, That no common brewer

shall keep any mall have or keep any pipe or other conveyance from or out of

other convey- any copper in his, her, or their brewhouse, save and except the

ance from any regular discharge pipes leading directly to his, her, or their math

copper, except the regu- tun, hop-back, back, or coolers respectively, nor shall have of

lar discharge keep any fixed or other pipe or conveyance leading from any

pipes, nor

under

1802.) Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 38. 477

under back, hop- back, back, or cooler, except such pipe of from any

conveyance as, without any private or concealed stop cockback, except

such as thall

therein or thereon, shall have a direct and immediate communi have adirect

cation with the known and entered coppers, backs, coolers, or communica-

working or fermenting tuns only , on pain of forfeiting for every tion with the

such fixed or other pipe or conveyance as aforesaid, except such coppers. & c.

on penalty of

pipe or conveyance as is in that behalf before excepted , the sum 2001.

of two hundred pounds.

XVI. And whereas the penalty of twenty shillings the barrel for

Laying offbeer , ale, or wort, before the quantity of the guile, of which

such beer , ale , or wort shall be part, shall have been declared, is

infuffuient to deter evil- minded and fraudulent persons from committing or attempting to commit such fraud; be it therefore enacted,

That every common brewer who thall, from and after the first Anybrewer

who shall lay

day of May one thousand eight hundred and two, lay off any off any beer

beer , ale, or worts, contrary to the provisions and true intent or worts con-

and meaning of an act passed in the eighth and ninth years of trary to 8 and

the reign of William the Third, intituled, An act for repealing a9 W. 3.

c. 19. thall

clause in a former act , relating to party guiles , and for the better forfeit 100.

preventing frauds and abuses in brewers , and others chargeable with

the duties of excise , shall, for every tuch offence, forfeit the sum

ofone hundred pounds .

XVII . And be it further enacted, That all and every dealers Persons felling

and dealer in and sellers and teller of table beer, who shall fell, table beer in

alarger quan

deliver , or dispose of any such beer, exceeding the quantity oftity than a

onegallon at one and the same time, shall, and he , she , or they gallon, thall

is and are hereby directed and required to make entry in writing make entryat

atthe office ofexcife, within the limits whereof he, she, or they excite, of

theoffice of

shall fo deal in or fell any such beer as aforesaid, of all store storehouses,

houses, rooms, cellars, or other places for storing, laying, keep- &c.onpenaky

ing , or felling such beer, and shall be subject to the survey, of sol .

examination, and inspection of the officer of excise, and to all

and every the rules , regulations, restrictions , and provisions of

excise , to which victuallers or retailers of beer or ale are now

Subject and liable by any law or laws of excise ; and if any per-

fon or persons whatsoever shall presume to deal in or fell any

tablebeer exceeding the quantity of one gallon as aforesaid with-

out making such entry as aforesaid, every person so offending

shall forfeit the sum offifty pounds .

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That no person or persons No person

not being a common brewer thall be allowed to retail beer atbeer at a

shall retail

any greater or higher price than at and after the rate of one higher price

penny halfpenny the quart, without first entering into a recog than 1d. 29.

nizance and obtaining a licence as a common alehouse keeper ; per quart

without a

and if any person or persons shall presume to retail or fell any licence ,on

beer at a greater or higher price than at and after the rate ofone penalty of sol.

pennyhalfpennythe quart alehouse measure , without first enter-

ing into such recognizance and obtaining such licence as afore-

hid , every such person so offending shall, for every such offence,

furfeit and lose the sum of fifty pounds over and above any pe- nalty

478 Anno regni quadragesimo fecundoGEORGII III. c. 38. [1802.

nalty to which such person or persons may be subject and liable

for felling beer or ale without such licence.

No exporter shall keep

XIX. And be it further enacted, That no entered dealer or

tablebeer in

dealers in beer, being an exporter or exporters ofbeer or ale,

anyentered placefor

Thall have, lay, or keep any table beer inany cellar , vault , or

other place entered for laying or keeping strong beer ; and ifany

strong beer,

entered dealer or dealers in beer , being an exporter or exporters

onpenalty of

of beer or ale, shall have, lay , or keep any table beer in any

30l.

cellar , vault, or other place entered for laying or keeping strong

beer , the person or persons so offending shall for every such of-

fence forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds.

XX. And whereas many persons under pretence ofrecoveringftale

beer , or making or preparing beer finings or colouring for beer, or

under other pretences, have compounded, fabricated , or prepared from

divers materials and ingredients, noxious and unwholesome, and inju-

rious to the health of his Majesty's subjects, liquor to imitate or re-

Semble beer or ale, brewed entirely from malt and hops, or to be

mixed with beer or ale so brewed, to the great injury ofbis Majesty's

Subjects, and of the fair trader , and of his Majesty's revenue ; for

No person shall mix any

remedy whereof , be it enacted , That, from and after the first day

liquor to imi- of May one thousand eight hundred and two, no person or per-

tate , orto be fons thall mix, compound, fabricate, manufacture, or prepare ,

mixed with

or cause, procure , permit , or suffer to be mixed , compounded,

or to be

fabricated, manufactured, or prepared from beer grounds, stale

used as beer

made from

beer, sugar water, distillers spent wash, sugar, melasses, vitriol,

maltand

quaffia, coculus indiæ, grains ofparadise, Guinea pepper, opium,

hops, or fell or any other material or ingredient whatever, (except malt and

anyfuch li- hops ), any liquor to imitate or resemble, or to be mixed with or

quor , onpe- used as beer or ale brewed or made from malt and hops ; nor

naltyof2001.

and forfeiture shall fell, dispose of , fend, or deliver, or cause to be fold , disposed

of the liquor, of , fent, or delivered to any brewer or brewers of , or dealer or

&c.

dealers in, or feller or fellers , or retailer or retailers of beer or

ale, or to any other person or persons whatsoever, any such

liquor so mixed, compounded, fabricated , manufactured, or

prepared as aforesaid, on pain of forfeiting for every such offence

the fum of two hundred pounds ; and all such liquor so mixed,

compounded, fabricated, manufactured, or prepared as aforesaid; and also all the beer grounds, stale beer, sugar water,

distillers spent wash, sugar, melasses, vitriol, quaffia, coculus

indiæ, grains of paradise, Guinea pepper, opium, and every

other material or ingredient whatsoever as aforesaid, ( other than

malt and hops), in the custody or possession of such person or

persons, together with every copper, cooler, back, tun, vat ,

or other vessel or utensil whatsoever in which any such liquor ,

material, or ingredient shall be contained, orwhich shall have

been made use of , or employed for or in the mixing, compound-

ing, fabricating, manufacturing, preparing, or keeping any such

liquor ; and all such liquor , materials, and ingredients, together

with every such copper , cooler, back, tun, vat , or other vessel

or utensil as aforesaid shall be forfeited , and may be seized by

any officer or officers of excise.

XXI. An

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. C 38. 479

XXI. And be it further enacted, That no brewer or brewers No brewer,

-of or dealer or dealers in, or feller or fellers ofbeer or ale, shall &c. shall re-

ceive any itale

receive or take into his, her, or their custody or possession anybeer or beer

ftale beer or beer grounds, or shall mix or mingle with any beer grounds, or

or ale, any liquor compounded, fabricated , or prepared from mixwithbeer

beer grounds, stale beer, sugar water, distillers spent wash, sugar, any liquor

made from

melafles , vitriol , quaffia, coculus ind æ, grains of paradise, Guinea any materials,

pepper, opium, or any other material or ingredient (except malt except malt,

and hops), or in the fabrication, manufacture, or preparation hops, &c. on

whereof any beer grounds, stale beer, sugar water , distillers penalty of

1ool.

spent wash, sugar, melasses, vitriol, quaflia, coculus indiæ, grains

ofparadife, Guinea pepper, opium, or any material or ingredient

( otherthan malt and hops), is or shall be mixed, employed, or

made use of , nor shall have, receive, or take into his, her, or

their custody or possession, any liquor compounded, fabricated,

or prepared as aforesaid, on pain of forfeiting, for every such

offence , the fum ofone hundred pounds.

XXII. Provided always nevertheless, That no brewer or But no

dealer in, or feller of beer or ale, shall be subject or liable to the brewer, &c.

said penalty of one hundred pounds , for or by reason of his, her, shall be liable

to the last

or their receiving or taking into his, her, or their custody or mentioned

possession any stale beer which shall have been returned to him, penalty for

her , or them, for being disliked by any person or persons to receiving re-

whom he, she, or they had fold ordelivered such beer , or for turnedstale

beer or beer

or by reason of his , her, or their receiving or taking into his , grounds re-

her, or their custody or possession any such beer grounds in the turned by

bottom of any cask returned to him, her, or them , by any per- customers ;

fon or persons to whom he, she , or they had fent the fame, nor any

'dealer, not

filled with the beer from whence such grounds were produced: being a

provided also, that no dealer or dealers in, or feller or fellers of brewer, for

beer or ale , not being a brewer or brewers of beer or ale , shali having in his

be subject or liable to the said penalty of one hundred pounds, custody any

liquor made

for or byreason of his, her, or their having, receiving, or taking ofother ma-

into his, her, or their custody or possession any liquor, com - terials than

pounded , fabricated, or prepared from beer grounds, stale beer, malt and

sugar water, distillers spent wash, sugar, melatses, vitriol, or hops, if he

proves that

quaffia , coculus indiæ, grains ofparadise, Guinea pepper , or any it was bought

other materials or ingredients other than malt and hops, or in opentrade,

in the fabrication, manufacture, or preparation whereof any and that he

materials or ingredients as aforesaid , other than malt and hops, had no know-

ledge of its

has been mixed, employed, or made use of , if at the trial or being com

hearing for the recovery of the said penalty ,such dealer or dealers pounded con-

in , or feller or fellers ofbeer or ale, shall prove to the satisfac- trary to this

tion of the court and jury before whom any such trial shall be so act.

had , or to the satisfaction of the commissioners of excise or juf-

tices of the peace before whom any such hearing shall be so had,

that such liquor was bought and received by such dealer or

dealers in , or feller or fellers of beer or ale, in the fair, open,

andusual course of trade, ofand from some commonly reputed

regular brewer of beer or ale, and that such dealer or dealers

in , or feller or sellers of beer or ale , had no knowledge of such liquor

480 Annoregni quadragesimo fecundoGEORGII III.C.38 . [1802.

liquor being compounded, fabricated, or prepared contrary to

the directions of this act in that behalf aforesaid.

XXIII. And , to the end that the officers of excise may be able to

taste, examine, and ascertain, whether any liquor which they soall

or maysuspect to be liquor mixed, compoundea , manufactured , or

prepared from any such materials or ingredients as aforesaid , other

than malt and hops, to imitate or resemble , or to be mixed with or

used as beer or ale brewed or made from malt ana hops befuch liquor

Excise offi-

as aforesaid , be it enacted , That every such officer and officers

cers maytake

samples of

shall and may, and is and are hereby empowered, as often as to

liquors they

them or any of them shall seem expedient, to take a sample or

suspect tobe

samples of any liquor which he or they shall or may so suspect to

mixed, on

be liquor mixed, compounded, fabricated, manufactured, or pre-

paying for

the fame.

pared from any such materials or ingredients as aforesaid , (other

than malt and hops) , to imitate or resemble, or to be mixed

with or used as beer or ale brewed or made from malt and hops,

such sample or samples not exceeding three gallons at any one

time, on paying at and after the rate of eighteen-pence by the

gallon for the fame if demanded.

Officers of

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any officer or

excise having officers of excise shall have cause to suspect that anyperson or

cause to fuf-

pect that any persons does in any place or places whatsoever mix, compound,

persons mix fabricate, manufacture, or prepare from any such materials or

liquor to imi- ingredients as aforesaid, (other than malt and hops), any liquor

tateor to be to imitate or resembie, or to be mixed with or used as beer or

mixed with or

used as beer, ale brewed or made from malt and hops, or to be fold, disposed

&c. may be of , sent, or delivered to any brewer or brewers of , or dealer or

authorised to dealers in beer or ale, or to any other person or persons what-

search fuf- foever, or that any such liquor so mixed , compounded, fabri-

pectedplaces, cated , manufactured, or prepared as aforesaid has been fold ,

and seize such

liquors and

the utensils. disposed of , fent, or delivered to any brewer or brewers of , or

dealer or dealers in , feller or fellers, or retailer or retailers of

beer or ale, or to any other person or persons whatsoever, and

that the fame is or shall be lodged or deposited in any place or

places whatsoever, then and in every such cafe , if such place or

places shall be within the limits of the chief office of excise in

London , upon oath made by such officer or officers before the

commissioners of excise for the time being, or any two or more

of them; or in cafe such place or places shall be in any other

part of Great Britain, upon oath made by such officer or officers

before one or more justice or justices of the peace for the county,

riding, hire, division, or place where such suspected place or

places shall be situate, setting forth the ground of his or their

suspicion, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said commif-

fioners, or any two or more of them, or the justice orjuttices

of the peace respectively, as the cafe may require, before whom

such oath shall be made, if they or he shalljudge it reasonable

by special warrant or warrants under his and their respective

hands and seals to authorise and empower such officer or officers

by day or by night, but if in the night, then in the presence of

a constable or other lawful officer of the peace, to enter into all and

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 38. 481

and every such place or places where he or they shall so suspect

any person or persons to mix, compound, fabricate, manufacture , or prepare from beer grounds, stale beer , sugar water,

distillers spent wash, sugar, melasses, vitriol, quaffia, coculus

indiæ, grains of paradise, Guinea pepper, opium, or any such

materials, mixture, or ingredients as aforesaid (other than malt

and hops), any liquor to imitate or resemble, or to be used as

beer or ale brewed from malt and hops, or to be mixed with

beer or ale, or to be fold, disposed of , sent , or delivered to any

brewer or brewers of , or dealer or dealers in, or feller or fellers,

or retailer or retailers of beer or ale, or to any other person or

persons whatsoever, or where such officer or officers shall suspect

any such liquor so mixed, compounded, fabricated, manufactured , or prepared as aforesaid, or fold , disposed of , fent, or

delivered to any brewer or brewers of , dealer or dealers in,

feller or fellers of , or retailer or retailers of beer or ale, or any

other person or persons whatsoever, is or shall be so lodged or

deposited, and to seize and carry away as forfeited all such liquor

which he or they shall then and there find, and all and every

other material or ingredient whatsoever as aforesaid, (other than

malt and hops ) , and also all and every copper, cooler, back, tun,

vat , and other vessel or utensil whatsoever, which he or they

shall then and there find, in which any such liquor, material, or

ingredient shall be contained, or which shall have been made

use of , or employed for , or in the mixing, compounding, fabri-

Persons in

cating , manufacturing , preparing, or keeping any such liquor ; whosecustody

and the person or persons in whose custody or possession the such liquors

same respectively shall be found, shall forfeit the fum of one shall be found

hundredpounds.

to forfeit rool .

XXV. And be it further enacted , That if any question shall on every

arise whether any liquor which shall be seized as

questionre-

and for liquor specting such

mixed , compounded, fabricated, manufactured, or prepared from liquors , the

any other material or ingredient as aforesaid, (other than malt proofshall

lie on the

and hops), be liquor fo mixed, compounded, fabricated, manufactured, or prepared, the proof of such liquor not being liquor owners .

mixed , compounded, fabricated, manufactured, or prepared from

other materials or ingredients than malt and hops, shall lie upon

the owner or claimer thereof.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all maltsters or Maltsters, &c.

makers of malr , fellers or retailers of malt, brewers, distillers, having malt

in their cuf-

innkeepers, victuallers, and vinegar makers, and all and every tody on May

other persons and person whatsoever, who, in trust for them, 1 , 1802, to

or any or either of them, or for the use, benefit, or account of give an ac-

them, or any or either of them, thall have in his, her, or their count thereof

to the office

custody or possession , or in his, her, or their houses, outhouses , of excise, on

barns, granaries, or in any other place or places whatsoever, penalty of

upon the first day of May one thousand eight hundred and two, 100l. and for-

any parcel or quantity ofmalt whatsoever, thall on that day, or feiture of the

withintendays next ensuing, give a true and particular account

malt.thereof in writing at the office of excise within the limits of

which he, she, or they shall then respectively inhabit , upon pain

VOL. XLIII. II of

482 Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III.c.38 . [1802.

of forfeiting the fum of one hundred pounds for every neglect

therein; and the malt of which no such account as aforesaid

shall have been given, may and shall be seized by any officer or

Duties on

officers of excise; and the several and respective duties on such

such malt to

bepaid within

malt thall be payable and paid to the proper officer or officers of

amonth, on

excise for receiving the fame within one calendar month after

penalty of

he, she, or they shall have given or ought to have given such

double the

account as aforesaid ; and all such maltsters or makers of malt,

duties.

sellers or retailers ofmalt, brewers, distillers, innkeepers, vic-

tuallers, and vinegar makers, who shall refuse or neglect to make

such payment for his, her , or their stock of malt within the

time by this act limited for that purpose, shall forfeit double the

amount of the duties which should have been so paid by him,

her, or them as aforesaid.

Excise offi-

cers to take

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful

an account offor the officers of excise respectively to take a true and particular

all such malt, account and a'measurement of all such malt as any maltsters or

anda'measure makers of malt , fellers or retailers of malt, brewers, distillers ,

the lame. innkeepers, victuallers, or vinegar makers, or any person or

persons in trust, or for the use , benefit, or account of them,

or any or either of them, shall on the said first day of

May one thousand eight hundred and two , have , be poffefssed

of , or interested in, and for that purpose to enter into any

dwelling house, outhouse, barn, granary , or other place what-

foever belonging to every and any such maltster or maker of

malt, feller or retailer of malt , brewer, distiller , innkeeper , vic-

tualler, and vinegar maker, and each of them, and every such

person is hereby required to permit and suffer such officer or

officers, on the said first day of May or afterwards, at any time

before the duty upon such malt shall be paid at his or their re-

quest , to enter and take such account and admeasureinent thereof

as aforesaid, and for that purpose to cast such malt into a regular

Penaltyof

form for the better ascertaining the quantity thereof; and ifthey ,

Tool. for ob-

any, or either of them shall refuse to permit or suffer any officer

structing the

officer, or

or officers of excise fo to do, or if any person or persons thall

removing or

obstruct, oppose, molest, or hinder any officer or officers of

concealing such malt

excise in the due execution of such powers hereby given, he, the,

or they shall respectively forfeit one hundred pounds for every

before the

duties sh Il

such offence ; and if any maltster or maker of malt, feller or

be charged .

retailer of malt, brewer, distiller, innkeeper, victualler, or vinegar

maker, or any other person or persons, having in his, her, or

their custody or possession any quantity ofmalt chargeable by

this act with the said duty or duties, or any part thereof , for

stock as aforesaid, shall clandestinely remove or carry away, or

cause or suffer to be removed or carried away, the fame, or any

part thereof, before the duties thereupon shall be charged, or

shall fraudulently conceal or hide, or cause or suffer to be concealed or bid, or shall not produce to the inspection of the officer

ofexcife or gauger of such malt , and every part thereof , that then

and in every such cafe , every person so offending, for every such

offence, shall forfeit the fum of one hundred pounds, and the

malt

1802.) Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 38. 483

malt which shall be so clandestinely removed or carried away , Maltremoved

or fraudulently concealed or hid, shall be forfeited, and shall and or concealed

may be seized by any officer or officers may befeized ,

ofexcife; and the person and the per-

orpersons inwhose custody or possession such malt shall be found , fon notgiving

who shall notbefore the discovery thereof give notice at the next notice of

office of excise of the quantity of malt so in his , her, or their malt in his

custody ог possession, shall also forfeit the fum of forty thillings custody , shall

for every bushel of such malt. forfeit 408 .

XXVIII. And whereas by the fraudulent practices ofevil -minded

perbushel.

persons the duty on malt is materially diminished, and the malt much

injured; for remedy whereof , be it enacted, That , from and after No maltsters

the first day of May one thousand eight hundred and two , no shall begin

maltster or maker of malt shall begin to wet or steep any corn or grain for

towet any

grain to be made into malt at any other time than between the malt, or take

hours of eight in the morning and two in the afternoon, nor out any from

shall any maltster or maker ofmalt empty or take any corn or the cistern,

but between

grain from or out of his , her, or their cistern, uting vat, or certainhours,

other vessel or utensil used for the wetting or steeping of corn or on penalty of

grain as aforesaid, at any other time than between the hours ofrool.

seven in the morning and four in the afternoon ; and if any

maltster or maker of malt shall begin to wet or steep any corn

or grain at any other time than between the hours of eight in

the morning and two in the afternoon, or shall at any other

time than between the hours ofseven in the morning and four

in the afternoon, empty or take any corn or grain from or out

of his, her, or their cistern, uting vat, or other vessel or utensil

used for the wetting or steeping of corn orgrain, every such Outof every

maltster or maker of malt fo offending shall, for each and every 20 bushels of

such offence, forfeit and lose the sum of one hundred pounds. malt charged

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That out of every twenty upon the

bushels of malt, which shall be gauged and charged upon the floor, after

floor, after the same shall have been taken or thrown out of the having been

taken out 26

cistern, uting vat, or other vessel or utensil, by the space of hours, and

twenty-six hours or more, and before the same shall be dried before dried

upon the kiln, there shall be allowed ten bushels, and so inpro- on thekillbe

portion for any greater or less quantity ; any thing in any act or allowed TO

acts of parliament to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding. bushels .

XXX. And be it further enacted, That no maltster or maker No maltster

of malt shall wet, water, or sprinkle, or cause or suffer to be shall wet any

wetted , watered, or sprinkled, any corn or grain making into grain making

malt, in any state or stage of operation, after the same shall have intomalt after

been emptied, thrown , or taken from or out of the cistern , uting the cistern ,

vat , or other vessel or utensil used for steeping such corn or until the end

grain, for and until the full end and expiration of twelve days, of twelve

on pain of forfeiting for each and every such offence the fum of days, onpe-

naltyof2001.

two hundred pounds.

XXXI. And whereas maltflers and makers of malt do sometimes

wet, water , sprinkle , or damp malt after the fame has been dried on

the kiln, and before such malt is delivered into the custody of the

brewer or other person who may have purchased, bargained , or agreed

for the fame, to the great injury of the malt, and the detriment of

the purchaser thereof; for remedy whereof , be it further enacted,

That

112

484 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGIIIII. C. 38. [ 1802.

Ifanymalt- fter shall wet

That if any maltster or maker of malt shall, from and after the

said first day of May one thousand eight hundred and two, wet,

any malt after

takenfrom the water, sprinkle, or damp, or procure , cause , permit , or suffer

kiln, and be to be wetted, watered, sprinkled, or damped, any malt at any

fore delivered time after the same shall have been taken from or thrown off the

to thepurcha- kiln , and before such malt shall be delivered into the custody of

fer, he shall

forfeit 100l . the brewer or other person who may have purchased, bargained ,

or agreed for the fame, contrary to the true intent and meaning

of this act, except in the ordinary process of brewing beer from

such malt, every such maltster or maker ofmalt so offending ,

shall for every such offence forfeit the sum of one hundred

pounds.

Maltsters may XXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may

drain the be lawful to and for any maltster or maker of malt to drain the

water from grain steeping,

water from any corn or grain, whilst the same shall be steeping

before the end in any cistern, uting vat, or other vessel or utensil, before the

of40hours after first end or expiration of forty hours from the time such corn or grain

was first wetted and completely covered with water : provided

wetted, under always, that no such water shall be drained from any such corn

certain conditions . or grain before the end or expiration of such forty hours, unless

the maltster or maker of malt so draining the fame, shall, in his,

her, or their last preceding entry or notice in writing for the

making of malt, at the next office of excise, have stated his , her,

or their intention so to drain off such water with the exact hour

and time, between the hours of eight in the morning and four

in the afternoon, when such water is so to be drained ; nor un-

less such water shall be drained from such corn or grain between

the said hours of eight in the morning and four in the after-

noon ; nor more than once during the said space of forty hours ;

and that such corn or grain be again completely covered with

water within the space of one hour from the time of such water

having been begun to be so drained ; any thing in any act or

i

acts of parliament to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

Servants to

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any workman,

malsters be-

servant, or labourer employed by, or in the service of , any malt-

ginning to wet ster or maker of malt, shall begin to wet or steep any corn or

or remove

grain, &c .

grain at any other time than between the hours of eight in the

contrary to

morning and two in the afternoon, or if any such workman,

theregula- tions of this

servant, or labourer as aforesaid, shall at any other time than be-

tween the hours of seven in the morning and four in the after-

act, may be apprehended noon, take or remove any corn or grain from or out of any

by anyexcife cistern, uting vat, or other vessel or utensil in which the fame

officer and carried before

shall have been wetted or steeped, or shall wet, water, or sprinkle

ajustice, who any corn or grain making into malt, in any state or stage of

may fine them operation whatever , after the same shall have been emptied ,

1

gol. and if thrown, or taken from or out of the cistern, uting vat , or other

not paid may vessel or utensil used for steeping such corn or grain until the

committhem full end and expiration of twelve days after the fame shall have

to the house of

correction .

been emptied, thrown, or taken from or out of any such cistern,

uting vat , or other vessel or utensil used for steeping such corn,

or grain as aforesaid, and before such corn or grain shall be put

ог

1862.] Anno regniquadragesimo secundo GEORGII III.c.38 . or laid on the kiln; every such workman, servant, or labourer

485

as aforesaid, fo offending in any or either of the particulars

aforesaid, shall and maybe apprehended by any officer or officers

ofexcise , and taken before any one or more of his Majesty's juf-

tices of the peace for the county, riding, division, city, or liberty

respectively , wherein such workman, servant, or labourer shall

be found , and it shall and may be lawful to and for any such

justice or justices of the peace respectively, on the parties con-

session of any such offence as aforesaid respectively, or on proof

thereof by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses,

to convict in the penalty of fifty pounds every workman, fer-

vant , or labourer so proved to have been guilty of any or either

of the said offences respectively ; and every such workman, fer-

vant , or labourer so convicted as aforesaid, shall immediately on

such conviction, pay down into the hands of such officer the

said penalty in which he or she shall be so convicted, to be applied in manner herein-after directed; and if any such work-

man, servant, or labourer so convicted shall not forthwith pay

down the said penalty , the said justice or justices shall, and he

or they are hereby authorised and required, by warrant under

his or their handand seal or hands and seals to commit the party

so convicted as aforesaid to the house of correction for the said

county , riding, division, city, or liberty respectively, there to

remain to be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding

twelve months, to be reckoned from the day of such conviction,

and the person so convicted shall not be discharged until he or

she shall have paid the said penalty or until the expiration of the

time for which such commitment was made.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after Excise officers

the said first day of May one thousand eight hundred and two, mayenter any

it shall and may be lawful to and for any officer or officers of places used for

making or

excise as well by night as by day to enter every malthouse or keeping of

other place made use of by any maltster or maker of malt for malt, or corn

the making or keeping of malt or corn for the making of malt, for making of

and to examine, gauge, measure, and take account of all corn an account

malt, and take

or grain in such house or other place as aforesaid, whether such thereof .

corn or grain thall be in a state of operation for making into

malt or otherwise; and also of all malt that shall be in such

malthouse or other place as aforesaid ; and if any such maltster Penalty of

or maker of malt shall refuse to permit any such officer or offi- 2001. for not

cers of excise as aforesaid to enter into any such malthouse or permitting

other place as aforesaid, or if any such maltster or maker ofenter such

malt as aforesaid, or any other person shall hinder, impede, or places, or mo-

disturb any officer or officers of excise in the due execution oflefting them.

the powers or authorities granted by this or any other act or

acts of parliament relating to the duties on malt, every such

maltster or maker of malt, or other person respectively, shall for

every such offence forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds .

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any person or Persons ob-

persons whatsoever shall molest , disturb, hinder, oppose, or im structing offi .

pede any officer or officers of excise in the due execution of the cers, except

incafes for

13

powers which other

486 Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. C. 38. [1802.

penalties are powers and authorities by this act granted, or any or either of

provided ,shall them, except in such cases for which other penalties are by this

forfeit 200l. act provided, every person so offending shall forfeit and lose the

sum of two hundred pounds.

Recovery and XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all fines, penal-

application of ties, and forfeitures imposed by this act shall be sued for, re-

penalties.

covered, levied, or mitigated by such ways, means, or methods

as any fine, penalty, or forfeiture may be sued for , recovered ,

levied, or mitigated by any law or laws of excise or by action

ofdebt, bill, plaint, or information in any of his Majesty's courts

of record at Westminster, or in the court of exchequer in Scotland respectively; and that one moiety of every fsuch fine, pe-

nalty, or forfeiture shall be to his Majesty , his heirs and fuc-

cessors, and the other moiety to him or them who shall inform,

discover , or sue for the fame.

Provisions of

12 Car. 2.

c. 24. and

Otheracts in

force relating

to the excise,

to extend to

this act as far

as applicable .

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That all the powers

and authorities, directions, rules, methods, penalties, forfeitures,

clauses, matters, and things which in and by an act made in the

twelfth year of the reign of King Charles the Second , intituled ,

An altfor taking away the court of wards and liveries and tenures

in capite , and by knightsservice and purveyance ; and for fettling a

revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof , or by any other law now

in force relating to his Majesty's revenues of excise are provided

and established for managing, raising, levying, collecting, miti-

gating, or receiving, adjudging, or ascertaining the duties there-

by granted or any of them, (other than in such cases for which

other penalties or provisions are made or prescribed by this act, )

shall be practised, used , and put in execution, in and for the

managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering,

and paying the duties by this act granted upon beer, ale, malt ,

and hops, as fully and effectually to all intents and purposes as

if all and every the said powers, authorities, directions, rules,

methods, penalties , forfeitures, clauses, matters , and things,

were particularly repeated and re- enacted in this present act.

Application of

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all the money

duties.

arising by the duties by this act imposed, (the necessary charges

of raising and accounting for the same excepted,) shall from

time to time be paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer

at Westminster ; and the said moneysopaid into the said receipt

as aforesaid, thall be carried to and made part of the consolidated

fund of Great Britain, and that at the end of every quarter of

a year after the first day of May one thousand eight hundred and

two; that is to say , on the fifth day of July , the tenth day of

October , the fifth day of January, and the fifth day of April in

every year, there shall be set apart at the said receipt , of the

monies arising from the rates and duties granted by this act ,

the fum of forty-one thousand one hundred and thirty-four,

pounds fifteen thillings and nine-pence, being one fourth part

of the fum of one hundred and sixty -four thousand one hundred

and thirty-nine pounds, the average yearly produce for three

years, ending on the fifth day of July one thousand seven hun-

. : dred

1802.] Annoregni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. C. 40. 487

dred and ninety-five, of the duties on small beer and table beer

which are repealed by this act; and that after setting apart such

quarterly sums as aforesaid, the remainder of the monies, arising

bythe said rates and duties by this act granted, shall be deemed

an addition made to the revenue, for the purpose of detraying

the increased charge occasioned by any loan made or stock

created or to be created by virtue of any act or acts passed or to

be passed in this session of parliament; and that during the space

often years next ensuing , there shall be provided and keptin

the office of the auditor of the said receipt, a book or books in

which all the surplus monies, arising from the said rates and

duties, and paid into the said receipt, shall, together with the

monies arising by the repeal of the allowances granted to brew-

ersand others by the said act of the twenty-seventh year aforesaid , according to the average herein -after mentioned, and also

the monies arising from any other rates and duties granted in

this seffion of parliament for the purpose of defraying such

increased charge as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from

allother monies paid or payable to his Majesty , his heirs or fuc-

cessors upon any account whatsoever.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That , out of the dutiesApplication of

onmalt which have been or shall be annually granted by par - part of the

liament , there shall , at the end of every quarter of a year after

annual duties

onmalt.

passing this act, that is to say, the fifth day of April , the firth

day of July, the tenth day of October , and the fifth day ofJanu-

ary in every year, be fet apart at the said receipt of his Majesty's

exchequer, the sum of one hundred and nine thousand seven

hundred and ninety -eight pounds fifteen thillings and eight-

pence , being one fourth part of the sum of four hundred thirty-

nine thousand one hundred and ninety-five pounds two shillings

and eight-pence the average yearly amount ofthree years, ended

the fifth day of July one thousand seven hundred and ninety-

five , of the allowances granted to brewers and others out of the

said duty on malt, and which allowances are by this act repealed , and the said sum so set apart shall be also deemed an ad

dition made to the revenue for the purpose of defraying the

increased charge, or of supplying any deficiency as aforesaid,

occasioned by any loan made or stock created, or to be created

by virtue of any act or acts passed or to be passed in this session

of parliament.

CAP. XΧΧΙΧ.

An act for extending the time for the payment of certain fums ofmoney

advancedbywayof loanto several persons connected with and trading

to the islands ofGrenada and Saint Vincent-[April 30, 1802. ]

CAP. XL.

Anatt to continue, until the first day of March one thousand eight

hundred and three , the restrictions contained in several acts of the

thirty - seventh and thirty- eighth years of the reign of his present

Majesty , on payments in cash by the bank. - [ April 30 , 1802.]

$14 WHEREAS

488 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 41. [1802 .

an

actwaspassed in the thirty- feventh year of the

37 Geo. 3 .

HEREAS Wreign of his present Majesty, intituled , An act for confirming

C. 45.

and continuing, for a limited time, the restriction , contained in

the minute of council of the twenty-sixth of February one thou-

fand seven hundred and ninety-seven , on payments of cash by

the bank ; which alt was continued and amended by another alt,

37Geo. 3 .

c. 91 .

passed in the thirty - seventh year aforesaid, intituled , An act to continue, for a limited time, an act, made in this present session of

parliament, intituled," An act for confirming and continuing,

for a limited time, the restriction contained in the minute of

council of the twenty-sixth day of February one thousand seven

hundred and ninety- seven, on payments of cash by the bank, '

under certain regulations and restrictions : and whereas the provisions of thesaid last recited act were amended and further continued

until one month after the conclusion of the present war by an act ,

passed in the thirty - eighth year of the reign of bis present Majesty,

38 Geo. 3 .

C. I.

intituled , An act to amend and continue, until one month after

the conclusion of the present war, the provisions contained in

an act, passed in the session of parliament of the thirty-sixth and

thirty- feventh years of his present Majesty, chapter ninety-one,

videlicet, on the twenty - second of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety- seven, for the restriction on payments of cash

by the bank ; and whereas it is expedient that the provisions of the

said acts , sofar as the same are amended and continued by the said

last recited act, should be further continued ; may ittherefore please

your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the

King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and con-

fent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this

present parliament assembled , and by the authority of the same,

Recited acts continuedun-

That the several provisions of the said acts passed in the thirty-

til March 1,

feventh year aforesaid, so far as the same are amended and con-

1803.

tinued by the said act passed in the thirty-eighth year aforesaid,

and also the said recited act of the thirty-eighth year aforesaid,

shall be, and the same are hereby further continued until the first

day of March one thousand eight hundred and three .

CAP. XLI.

An act to enable the lords commissioners of his Majesty's treasury of

Great Britain to issue exchequer bills, on the credit of such aids or

supplies as have been or shall be granted by parliament, for the service

of Great Britain for the year one thousand eight hundred and two.-

[ May 4, 1802. ]

The treasury may issue exchequer bills, agreeably to those issued under

themalt act of this session, c. 1. to be payable out of the supplies for

1802, on 14 days notice in the Gazette, &c . Treasury notto issue under

this act exchequer bills on the credit of 42 Geo. 3. c. 1. and 2. or on any aids

thatmay be granted next session. Exchequer bills shall bear an interest

not exceeding three-pence per cent. per diem, &c. Exchequer bills fo

issued not to be received in payment of the revenue or at the exchequer,

until the same become payable. The clauses in the malt act of his session

extended to this act. Bank of England may lend 2,000,oool . on the

credit of this act. ١:٠١

CA P.

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. c. 42. 489

1 :

CAP. XLII.

An act for repealing the duties on income ; for the effectual collection

of arrears of the said duties, and accounting for the fame; and for

charging the annuities specifically charged thereon upon the consoli-

datedfund of Great Britain . -[May 4, 1802.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the duties income granted

on

passed in the thirty- ninth year of the reign of his

present Majesty, intituled , An act to repeal the duties imposed by 39 Geo. 3 .

an act made in the last session of parliament, for granting an

C. 13.

aid and contribution for the prosecution of the war, and to make

more effectual provision for the like purpose, by granting certainduties upon income in lieu of the said duties, and other

Subsequent acts relating to the said duties, should be repealed, and

provision made for the better collection of the arrears of thesaid duties,

andaccounting for the fame: may it therefore please your Majesty

that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by the King's most

excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the

lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the The duties on

several rates and duties on income granted by the said recited income

grantedby re-

act , or by any subsequent act or acts relating to the rates or cited acts.

duties on income arising after the fifth day of April one thou-

fand eight hundred and two, shall, from and after the passing

of this act , cease and determine, except as herein-after is excepted .

II. And be it further enacted, That the rates and duties and those

granted by an act , passed in the thirty-eighth year of the reign granted by

of his present Majesty, intituled, An att for granting to his Ma- 38 Geo. 3.

16. shak

jesty an aid and contribution for the prosecution of the war, and

cease :

which were continued in force by the said first recited act, or

anyact subsequent thereto, relating to the said duties on income,

shall also, from and after the passing of this act, cease and deter-

mine, except as herein-after is excepted.

III . Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Except in

said respective rates and duties granted by the said several acts cafes ofper-

fons liable and

herein - before mentioned, or any of them, shall continue in not charged

force for the purpose of duly charging to the said rates and therewith for

duties all persons, bodies politick, corporate, or collegiate, and the year end-

all companies, fraternities, and societies of persons who thall ing April 5,

not have beenrespectively charged to the said duties on income1802, &C.

before the passing of this act , and who ought to have been

:charged to the said duties on income for the year ending on the

fifth day of April one thousand eight hundred and two, or for

any prior year since the passing of the said acts, and until such

affefsments shall be duly made for such year, and shall be raised

and levied as if this act had not been made; and the said duties

shall also be in force for the purpose of appointing commissioners, where such commissioners have not been appointed, or of

empowering commifsioners to act where commissioners have not

began

490 Anno regniquadragesimosecundoGEORGIT III. C. 42. [1802.

began to act , or have declined to act, for such year prior to the

said fifth day of April one thousand eight hundred and two,

and for the purpose of appointing and continuing all other

officers nécessary to carry the said acts into execution for such

Powers of re-

year . IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted , That all and

cited acts

mallcontinue every the provisions, clauses, rules, matters, and things, which

in force for

are contained in any of the said acts, shall continue to be in

affeffing

full force, and shall be severally applied, practised, and put in

arrears.

execution, for the affeffing, raising, levying, collecting, and paying

the said rates and duties which shall be charged after the passing

of this act for any year before mentioned; and also for the levy-

ing, collecting, and paying, and of re-affeffing in cafe default

shall happen in the levying, collecting, or paying all and every

the arrears of the said rates and duties which shall have been

charged before the passing of this act, and which shall be in

arrear, and not collected, or unpaid at the time of passing this

act, and for the suing for, adjudging, and recovering any penalty

or forfeiture, which shall have been or may be incurred in respect of any affefssment made, or to be made, for the year ending

on the fifth day of April one thousand eight hundred and two, or

in respect of any prior assessment as aforesaid.

Appeals against such afsesiments

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the fe-

veral provisions of the said recited acts, shall continue in force

may be made,

for the purpose of hearing all appeals against assessments, to be

& c.

made after the passing of this act, for the year before-mentioned;

and also for the purpose of granting abatements on account of

any diminution of income in such year.

Returns of

VI. And be it further enacted , That the several provisions

affeffiments to

bemadeto the

contained in the said acts, shall continue in force for the making

commissioners for the affairs

all such returns of assessments, and other matters touching the

execution of the said acts, to the commissioners for the affairs

oftaxes, &c .

of taxes, as are directed to be made by the said acts ; and also

for returning duplicates to the receivers general, and the offices of

the King's remembrancer, as if this act had not been made .

Where com-

VII. And be it further enacted, That in every cafe where

missioners have declined

the persons named by the grand inquests, in any county or

to act inany

counties in England , have refused or neglected, or declined to

district, the commissioners herein appointed shall

act in and for the districts for which they were respectively appointed , whereby the said acts have not been carried into exe-

cution for the year ending the firth day of April one thousand

afsess all per-

eight hundred and two, or for any prior year during the conti-

fons liable to

nuance of the said rates and duties; and in every cafe where

the duties.

commissioners have not acted for any district in Scotland , during

the continuance of the said acts, it shall be lawful for the commissioners to be appointed in the manner herein-after directed,

to execute the said acts, and to charge and affess all and every

the persons within their respective districts, who were liable to

the said rates and duties, in like manner and at the like rates,

and upon the like income, as if such assessments had been made

within the year or years for which such income ought to have

been

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 42. 491

been charged by virtue of the said acts; and all and every the

powers , provisions, rules, clauses, matters, and things, which

are contained in the said acts, shall be severally applied to the

respective commissioners to be appointed under this act , as fully

as if the said commissioners had been appointed under the said

acts, and shall by them be severally practised and put in execution , for charging the incomes of persons within their respective

districts, and for duly levying, collecting, and paying the rates

and duties charged by them, as fully and effectually as if the

said appointments had been made under the said acts , and as if

all and every the matters and things to be done by the said commissioners, had beendone and performed within the respective

times limitedby the said acts.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for In England the

the commissioners for the affairs of taxes, in every cafe where commissioners for taxes, and

such default as aforesaid shall have happened in England , and in Scotland ,

for the barons of the exchequer in Scotland, in every cafe where the baronsof

such default as aforesaid shall have happened in Scotland , or any exchequer,

three or more of them respectively, from time to time to ap. may appoint

commissioners

point in each such district, such number of persons, not ex- for suchde-

ceeding five nor less than two, tobe commissioners for executing faulting dif-

the said acts in each district where such default shall have hap - tricts, and the

pened, as they respectively shall deem necessary; and the per powers of the

recited acts

fons so to be appointed, shall be commissioners for executing shall be vested

the faidacts, in the respective districts for which they shall be in them for

so appointed, and all and every the powers contained in the that purpose .

said acts and in this act, shall be vested in them for the purposes

herein - before mentioned; and the commissioners of the treasury,

or any three or more of them, may direct the respective receivers

general to advance or pay to the commissioners so to be appointed, such sums of money as shall appear to the said com-

- missioners of the treasury necessary for the purposes aforesaid,

under the like powers as they are authorised to pay incidental

expences of any commissioners appointed under the said acts .

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any commissioner, or Commission-

other person appointed or to be appointed to execute the said ers or others

acts in the manner directed by this act, shall wilfully refuse or neglecting theirduty ,

neglect to execute the duty required ofhim bythe said acts or this thall forfeit

act, every such person shall forfeit and pay the sum of one hun- rool.

dred pounds , to be recovered by action of debt or information,

inany of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, for of-

fences committed in England , or in his Majesty's exchequer,

for offences committed in Scotland , to and for the sole use and

benefit of the person or persons who shall inform and fue for the

fame , with full costs of suit.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commercial

respective commercial commissioners throughout Great Britain , commission-

and they are hereby respectively enjoined, whenever thereunto eis, whenre-

quired by

the

required by any three or more of the commissioners for the commissioners

affairs of taxes, to transmit to them full and particular accounts for taxes,

of all fums of money charged by them within their respective shall transmit

districts , the money accounts of

492 Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. C. 42. [1802 .

charged by

districts , under the letters or numbers set opposite to the re-

them within

their respec-

spective fums so charged, without mentioning or including the

tive districts,

name or names of any person or persons, together with the fum

in the manner hereinmen-

and sums allowed by them for deductions on account of income,

or for abatements on account of diminution of income , or for

tioned, and

duplicates to

any other cause, and also the amount of the sums paid to them

the offices of

on account of expences incurred in the execution of the said

the King's acts, and the sums disbursed by them respectively, distinguithing

remembran- cer.

such expences under the respective heads in which the fame have

been paid, and shall also return duplicates of the amounts of

their afsessments to the respective offices of the King's remem-

The bank of

brancer in England and Scotland respectively.

England shall XI. And be it further enacted , That the governor and com-

return to the pany of the bank of England shall return to the commissioners

commissioners

for taxes , and for the affairs of taxes, and into the respective offices of the

to the offices King's remembrancer in England and Scotland respectively, the

of the King's amount of all fums received by them under the said acts, or any

remembran- of them, distinguishing the sums received on account of each

cer , the amount of all year, since the commencement of the said acts respectively,

sums received and also the amount of afsessments from the amount of volun-

by them.

tary contributions .

Such ac-

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for

counts tobe

the respective auditors in England , and barons of the exche-

audited according to the

quer in Scotland , to audit and examine such accounts according

course of the

to the course of the exchequer, at such times, and in such man-

exchequer.

ner, as the lords commissioners of his Majesty's treasury , or any

three or more of them for the time being , or the lord high trea-

furer , shall direct .

Accounts of

XIII. And be it further enacted, That shall be lawful for the

receivers of

respective auditors in England , and barons of exchequer in Scot-

the duties

land , to pass and declare the accounts of any receiver of the said

charged by

38Geo. 3 .

rates and duties charged by virtue of the said act passed in the

c . 16. maybe

thirty- eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty , or the

paffedbefore

heirs, executors, or administrators of such receiver, at any time

April 5, 1803,

andfuch re-

before the fifth day of April one thousand eight hundred and

ceivers shall

three ; and no such receiver, or the heirs, executors, or admi-

not be re-

nistrators of such receiver, shall be restrained in any such ac-

strained from

count which shall be declared and passed within such period,

4

setting infuper

for arrears,

from setting infuper , or charging any county, division, or place,

&c.

for the said rates and duties which shall be in arrear and unpaid,

nor shall the fame , being set infuper within the time herein

limited, remain a debt upon such receiver , or his securities ; any

former law to the contrary notwithstanding.

No receiver

of duties on shall

income count

be allowed to

fet infuper,

unless passed

within three

years.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That no receiver of the

rates and duties on income, his heirs, executors, and adminif-

trators, thall, in his or their account of the monies so raised ,

be allowed or admitted to set infuper , or charge any county,

division, or place in Great Britain, for any of the said monies

which shall be unpaid , unless such account shall be declared and

passed within three years at the farthest , after the expiration of

such years; but all such monies in arrear thall remain a debt

upon

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. c. 43. 493

upon such receiver , to be answered by him and his securites, his

and their executors and administrators, lands, tenements, goods,

and chattels respectively.

XV . And whereas the respective receivers general have advanced

to the commissioners for the reduction of the national debt, out of the

monies raised by virtue of the said acts, in pursuance of an act passed,

in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled ,

An act to enlarge the time limited for the redemption of the

land tax , and to explain and amend an act made in the last fef-

fion of parliament, intituled , ' An act for making perpetual,

subject to redemption and purchase, in the manner therein stated,

the several fums of money now charged in Great Britain, as a

land tax for one year , from the twenty-fifth day of March one

thousand seven hundred and ninety- eight, ' certain fums ofmoney

which have been applied by the said commissioners in the purchase of

Stock , required to be purchased for the redemption of land tax, to be

paid for in money, over and obove thefums payable in the contracts In passing

accounts of

forfuch redemption, be it therefore enacted , That the respective receivers,

auditors in England, and barons in Scotland , in passing and de- they shall be

claring the accounts of such receivers of the said rates and allowed all

fums ad-

duties, shall allow to such receivers all such sums of money as vancedby

4

they shall have advanced thereout by virtue of the said act, and them for the

which shall appear to have been necessarily applied bythe com- purchase of

missioners for the reduction of the national debt , in the pur- stock for the

chase of such stock, by the certificate of any three or more of redemption of

the land tax ,

the commissioners for the affairs of taxes, and allowed by three pursuant to

ormore of the lords commissioners of his Majesty's treasury for 39 Geo. 3 .

the time being, or the lord high treasurer.

c. 6.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all the monics arising Monies arising

from the said rates and duties on income, or arrears thereof as from the in-

come duties

aforesaid , the charges of affefling, receiving, collecting, and pay after April 5,

ing the fame excepted, and which shall be paid into the receipt 1802, shall be

of his Majesty's exchequer, after the fifth day of April one thou- carried to the

fand eight hundred and two, thall be carried to and made part consolidated

of the consolidated fund of Great Britain ; and that, from and

fund.

after the passing of this act, all the annuities, interest, and divi- Annuities specifically

dends, payable in consequence of any loans, and specifically charged on

charged on the said rates and duties by any act or acts for that the duties to

purpose, shall be and are hereby made chargeable on the said be a charge on

theconfoli-

consolidated fund .

dated fund.

CAP. XLIII.

An alt for granting to bis Majesty certain duties on goods imported

into and exportedfrom Great Britain, and on the tonnage ofships

and vessels entering outwards or inwards in any port of Great

Britain to or from foreign parts. - May 7 , 1802. ]

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the

commons of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland

494 Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII ,III. c.43. [1802 .

Ireland in parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary

supplies to defray your Majesty's publick expences, and making

a permanent addition to the publick revenue of Great Britain,

have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto your

Majesty the several new and additional duties herein-after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty

that it maybe enacted ; and be it enacted by the King's most

excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the

lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present par-

From May 12, liament assembled , and by the authority of the same, That,

1802, the from and after the twelfth day of Mayone thousand eight hun-

additional duties of cuf . dred and two, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid

toms in the

unto his Majesty, his heirs or successors, upon goods, wares, or

annexed

merchandize imported or brought into Great Britain from parts

tables, A.B.C.

and D. shall

beyond the feas, and upon goods, wares, or merchandize ex-

bepaid.

ported from Great Britain , the several new and additional duties

of customs, as the same are respectively inserted, described, and

fet forth in figures , in the tables hereunto annexed, marked A.,

B., C., and D., except as in this act is provided.

Where ,by

II. And be it further enacted, That in all cafes where, by

tableA., the

the table hereunto annexed marked A., the new and additional

duties are

charged according to

duties of customs by this act imposed upon the importation of

goods, wares, and merchandize into Great Britain are charged,

value , it shall

not according to the weight, tale, gauge, or measure, but ac-

betakenas at

cording to the value thereof , such value shall be taken and con-

the port of importation,

sidered as the same shall be at the port of importation without

deducting duties , and

any abatement or deduction whatever, except of so much as the

duties payable on the importation thereof by this or any other

ascertained

according to

act of parliament shall amount to , and that such value shall be

27 Geo. 3.

ascertained, except as in this act is provided by the declaration

C.13. and if

of the importer or proprietor of such goods, wares, or mer-

nottruly chandize so imported, or of his known agent or factor in the

valued, the manner and form, and under all the rules and regulations, and

goods maybe

detainedby subject to the fame forfeitures and penalties as are prescribed,

the officers of directed, and imposed, for ascertaining and collecting the duties

the customs. to be paid according to the value thereof , by an act passed in the

twenty-seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty , intituled, An act for repealing the several duties of customs and excise ,

and granting other duties in lieu thereof , and for applying the said

duties, together with the other duties, composing the publick revenue ;

for permitting the importation of certain goods, wares, and merchandize, the produce or manufacture of the European dominions of the

French king into this kingdom ; and for applying certain'unclaimed

monies remaining in the exchequer, for the payment of annuities on

-lives , to the reduction of the national debt ; and in case such goods,

wares, or merchandize shall not be valued according to the true

and real value thereof , and according to the true intent and

meaning of this act , then it shall be lawful for the proper officer

or officers of the customs, to cause the same to be detained,

and the said goods, wares, or merchandize shall be dealt with,

and the proper officers of the customs shall proceed in ' every respect

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 43. 495

respect in the manner prescribed in such cafe by the said re-

cited act.

III . And be it further enacted, That if upon the importation Ifthe real

of any goods , wares, or merchandize , on which the new and value cannot

be ascertained

additional duties of customs hereby imposed, are charged in the without the

table hereunto annexed, marked A. according to the value goods being

thereot, the importer or proprietor of such goods, wares, or landed and

merchandize, his known agent or factor , shall not be able to examined, a

make an entry of tuch goods, wares, or merchandize, accord- deposit to

secure the new

ing to the true and real value thereof , without the same being duties may be

-landed and examined, such importer, proprietor, agent, or factor, made, and

thall , upon making oath before the collector or comptroller ofwhen ascer tained , the

the customs at the port of importation , that he is not enabled duties to be

toafcertain the true and real value thereof , in the manner in paid before

this act prescribed , be at liberty to make a deposit, sufficient to delivery of the

securethe newand additional duties hereby imposed; and the goods ;

value of such goods, wares, or merchandize shall, in such cafe,

asfoon as may be afrer the examination thereof be ascertained

bythe declaration of such importer, proprietor, agent, or factor,

in the manner and subject to the rules, regulations, forfeitures ,

and penalties in this act directed , and the said new and additional duties shall be paid (except as in this act is provided),

before the delivery of such goods, wares, or merchandize; and and if their

if the value of any such goods, wares, or merchandize im- value cannot

be ascertained

ported into Great Britain, cannot after examination thereof be without being

ascertain d, so as to enable the importer or proprietor thereof , fold , they may

or his known agent or factor, to make an entry according to be delivered

the true intent and real value thereof , without the said goods, for that pur-

wares, or merchandize being publickly fold, and the fame shall pose on pay-

be made appear to the satisfaction of the commissioners of his former duties,

Majesty's customs, or any three or more of them, in England or &c .

Scotland respectively , the said goods, wares, or merchandize

after payment of the duties charged thereon, by any former act

or acts of parliament in force on or immediately before the

twelfth day of May one thousand eight hundred and two, shall

and may be delivered for the purpose of being fo publickly fold,

such deposit being made as aforesaid, and the entry of such

goods, wares, or merchandize shall, in such cafe , be completed

within seven days after such sale, and the new and additional

duties hereby imposed shall be paid upon the value thereof , according to the price at which such goods, wares, or merchandize thall have been so publickly fold , without any abatement

ar deduction whatever, except of so much as the duties payable

on the importation thereof by this or any other act of parliament shall amount to , such price to be ascertained by the oath

of the importer or proprietor of such goods, wares, or merchandize, or of his known agent or factor, before the collector or

comptroller of the customs at the port of importation.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted , That from From May 12,

and after the twelfth day of May one thousand eight hundred 1802, no wine

imported since

and two, no wine which shall have been imported into Great Oct. 1 , 1801,

Britain shall be taken

496 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 43. [1802 .

outof any

warehouse

where depo.

fited until the

additional

duties shall be

paid .

Britain since the first day of October one thousand eight hundred

and one, shall be taken out of any warehouse or place wherein

it shall have been deposited and secured under his Majesty's

locks, by virtue of any act or acts of parliament in force, on or

immediately before the passing of this act , for the purpose of

being used or consumed in Great Britain, unless and until the

new and additional duties of customs by this act imposed , shall

have been paid to the proper officer of the customs .

Whereby

V. And be it further enacted, That in cafes where by the-

table B. the

table hereunto annexed, marked B, the new and additional duties

duties upon

goods im- portedbythe

of customs hereby imposed upon goods, wares, and merchan -

dize imported by the united company of merchants of England

East India

trading to the East Indies, are charged not according to the

company are

chargedac-

weight, tale, gauge, or measure, but according to the value

cording to the thereof, such value shall be ascertained by the gross price

at

value, it shall which such goods, wares, or merchandize shall be fold at the

beascertained publick sales of the said company ; and the said new and addi-

bythe gross tional duties shall be paid thereon as the same are inserted, de-

price at the

publick sales.

scribed , and fet forth in the said table marked B.

Additional

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the

duties on

new and additional duties of customs hereby imposed upon

goods im- portedby the

goods, wares, and merchandize imported by the said united

East India

company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies shall

company , to

be due and payable upon all such goods, wares , and merchan-

be payableon dize as shall , from and after the twelfth day of May one thou- .

all foldat their fand eight hundred and two, be fold at the publick sales of the

publick sales said company; and shall be paid or secured in such manner, and

from May 12,

1802. at such times, and subject to such rules, regulations, and re-

strictions as are prescribed and directed, with respect to the payment of any former duties imposed by any act or acts of parliament in force on or immediately before the twelfth day of May

one thousand eight hundred and two, upon such goods, wares ,

and merchandize respectively imported by the said company.

Whereby VII. And be it further enacted, That the value of all goods,

table A. prize wares, and merchandize imported or brought into Great Britain,

goods are to and condemned as prize, and on which the new and additional

be charged

according to duties of customs are bythis act imposed, and charged in the

their value, it table hereunto annexed marked A, not according to the weight,

shall beascer- tale , gauge, or measure, but according to the value thereof ,

tained at the shall be ascertained by the gross price at which such goods,

grossprice

at which wares, or merchandize shall be publickly fold , without any de-

publickly fold.duction or abatement whatever.

Duties not to VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no-

extend to cer- thing in this act shall extend, or be construed to extend, to

tainarticles. charge with the new and additional duties of customs hereby

imposed on goods, wares, and merchandize imported into Great

Britain , the following articles , videlicet ;

Bullion, or foreign coin ofgold or silver.

Fresh fith , British, taken and imported in British built ships or

vessels, owned, navigated and registered according to law, Turbots

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. c .43. 497

Turbots and lobsters, however taken or imported.

Corn or grain.

Flax , rough or undried.

Sugar. Cinnamon, cloves , mace , and nutmegs; and furs and skins of

the produce of and imported from any British colony or

plantation in America.

Sheepswool.

Spanishwool.

Tobacco, coffee, cocoa nuts, or rice , imported and warehoused,

unless anduntil such tobacco, coffee, cocoa nuts, or rice,

shall be taken out of such warehouse for the purpose of

being used or consumed in Great Britain; in which

cafe the said new and additional duties hall be paid

to the proper officer of the customs, before such to-

bacco, coffee, cocoa nuts, or rice , shall be delivered

out of such warehouse for the purpose of being so used

or consumed.

Goods, wares, and merchandize of the growth, produce, or

manufacture of Ireland , imported directly from thence

into Great Britain.

Goods, wares, or merchandize imported into Great Britain from

Hudson's Bay by the Hudson's Bay company.

Goods , wares, or merchandize of the growth, produce, or

manufacture of the islands of Guernsey, Ferfey, Alderney,

Sark, or Man, imported into Great Britain directly

from the said islands respectively , in case such goods,

wares, or merchandize were allowed by any act or acts

of parliament in force on or immediately before the

passing this act, to be imported without the payment

of any customs or other duties, except such excise or

other duty as is now or shall hereafter, for the time

being , be due and payable for the like goods of the

growth, produce, or manufacture of Great Britain ;

subject nevertheless to all the rules, regulations, restrictions, penalties, and forfeitures, to which the same are

liable when imported from the said islands without payment of the customs or other duties as aforesaid, under

the authority of any act or acts of parliament in force

on or immediately before the passing of this act.

Goods, wares, or merchandize, being of the growth and pro-

duce of any foreign colony, island, or plantation in

America, and imported into Great Britain directly from

any such colony, island, or plantation in any British

built ship or vessel, owned, navigated, and registered

according to law, or in any ship or vessel belonging to

any of the subjects of the united states ofAmerica, or of

any other country or place in amity with his Majesty ;

provided such goods, wares, and merchandize shall be

permitted to be landed and warehoused in Great Britain,

by virtue of and under the authority of any order or

orders of his Majesty in council : provided also , that in

VOL. XLIII. К к cafe

498 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 43. [1802 .

case any such goods, wares, or merchandize shall be

taken out of any such warehouse, for the purpose of

being used or consumed in Great Britain, the said new

and additional duties shall be paid to the proper officer

of the customs, before any such goods, wares, or merchandize shall be delivered out of any such warehouse

for the purpose ofbeing so used or consumed.

Articles of provision which shall be permitted to be entered and

landed in Great Britain without payment of any duty of

customs, by virtue and under the authority of any order

or orders of his Majesty in council.

Importers of

IX. Provided also , and be it further enacted, That it shall '

the produce

of the New-

and may be lawful for the importer, proprietor, or consignee of

any fish , oil, blubber, seal skins, or other produce of the British

foundland fishery, di-

Newfoundland fishery, imported into Great Britain directly from

rectly from Newfound-

the island of Newfoundland, to give bond to his Majesty, his

heirs and fuccessors, with one sufficient surety , in the penalty of

land , may

givebond in treble the amount of the supposed or estimated duty on such fith,

treble the fup. oil, or other produce as aforesaid, with condition that such fith ,

posedduty, oil or other produce of the said fishery shall be duly exported

that it shall from Great Britain, or that the new and additional duties of

be exported, customs by this act imposed on the importation thereof , shall be

or

additional paidwithin twelve calendar months from the date of such bond ;

duties shall be which bond shall be taken by the collector of the customs at the

paid in a year.port of importation, who is hereby authorised and required to

take such bond.

Where, by X. And be it further enacted, That in all cafes where, by

table C., the the table hereunto annexed marked C., the new and additional

duties on the duties of customs by this act imposed upon the exportation of

exportation ofgoods are goods, wares, and merchandize from Great Britain are charged,

chargedac- not according to the weight , tale, gauge, or measure, but

cording to the according to the value thereof , such value shall be taken

value , it shall and considered as the same shall be at the port of exporta-

be taken as at

theport of tion, without any deduction or abatement whatever, except

exportation, of so much as the duties of customs and excise paid or payable

deducting the by this or any other act of parliament, on any such goods, wares,

duties, and or merchandize thall amount to ; and that such value shall be

ifnot truly valued , they ascertained, ( except as in this act is provided), by the declara-

maybede- tion of the exporter or proprietor of such goods, wares, and

tained , by the merchandize, or of his known agent or factor, in the manner

officers of the and form, and under all the rules and regulations and subject to

customs, &c . the fame forfeitures and penalties as are prescribed, directed, and

imposed for ascertaining and collecting the duties to be paid,

according to the value thereof , by the said recited act passed in

the twenty-seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty ;

and in case such goods, wares, or merchandize shall not be

valued according to the true intent and meaning of this act,

then it shall be lawful for the proper officer or officers of the

customs to cause the same to be detained, and the said goods,

wares, or merchandize shall be dealt with, and the proper offi cers

1802. ] Anno regni quadragesimo fecundó GEORGII III. C. 43. 499

cersof the customs shall proceed in every respect in the manner

prekribed in such cafe by the said recited act.

XI . And be it further enacted, That if at the time ofmaking If on entry

theentry for the exportation of any goods, wares, or merchan- of tuch goods

forexporta-

dize , on which the new and additional duties of customs hereby tion the ex-

imposed are charged in the table hereunto annexed, marked C., porter cannot

according to the value thereof , the exporter or proprietor of ascertain the

such goods, wares, or merchandize so entered for exportation, true value,

they maybe

his known agent or factor , shall not be able to ascertain the true exported on

and real value thereof , such exporter, proprietor, agent, or factor giving bond

shall, upon making oath thereof before the collector or comp in treble the

amount of

troller of the customs at the port of exportation, be permitted to thesupposed

ship and export such goods, wares, or merchandize, upon giving value, to pay

bond tohis Majesty, his heirs and successors, with one sufficient the duties in

surety in treble the amount of the supposed or estimated duty on three months,

the value of such goods, wares, or merchandize, conditioned for &c .

the payment of the new and additional duties hereby imposed

within three months, according to the true and real value there-

of , to be ascertained in the manner herein-before directed, and

for producing the invoice and bills of parcels and such other

documents as shall be required by the commissioners of his Majesty's customs or any three or more of them, in England and

Scotland respectively, in case the production thereof shall be

thought necessary by the said commissioners respectively, for the

purpose of ascertaining the true and real value of such goods,

wares, or merchandize so exported as aforesaid.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing Additional

in this act shall extend, or be construed to extend , to charge duties not to

with the new and additional duties of customs hereby impoted be charged

oncertain

on goods, wares, and merchandize exported from Great Britain, articles

the following articles; that is to fay,

exported .

Bullion.

Goods, wares, or merchandize exported from Great Britain to

Ireland.1

Goods, wares, or merchandize exported to Hudfon's Bay by the

Hudson's Bay company.

Goods, wares, or merchandize exported from Great Britain to

the Isle of Man by virtue and under the authority of

any licence, which the commissioners of his Majesty's

customs in England or Scotland , or any three or more of

them respectively, are, or may be by law, authorised

and empowered to grant.

Cotton yarn or other cotton manufactures being of the manufacture of Great Britain.J

Any fort of craft , food, victuals, cloathing, or other goods fit

and necessary for the British fishery established in the

island of Newfoundland , or for the ufe and support of the

mariners or other persons employed on board the vessel,

or on shore in carrying on the said fishery , exported

from Great Britain to the said island .

KK2 XIII . And

500 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 43. [1802.

Persons mak- XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any exporter or

declaration ofproprietor of any goods, wares, or merchandize , entered for

the value of exportation, his known agent or factor, shall knowingly and

goods thipped fraudulently make any false declaration of the value of any such

for exporta- goods, wares, or merchandize, after the same shall have been

tion , toforfeit allowed to be shipped for exportation, every such exporter, pro-

the truevalue. prietor, or factor, shall, for every such offence , forfeit a fum

1

equal to the true and real value of all such goods, wares, or

merchandize.

Fees not tobé

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the

takenforany fees due and payable by law , at and immediately before the

additional

twelfth day of May one thousand eight hundred and two, upon

entry on account of

any entry or cocquet, inwards or outwards, shall not be de-

newduties .

manded or taken by or for the use of any officer of his Majesty's

customs, for any additional entry required to be made on account

of the new and additional duties imposed by this act.

Bonds not

XV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no bond

chargeable with stamp

to be taken in pursuance of this act, shall be chargeable with

duty .

any of the duties upon stamped vellum, parchment, or paper-;

any law or statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

The commif-

XVI. And be it further enacted, That in cafe any goods,

fioners of the wares, or merchandize, upon which the said new and additional

customs may duties of customs are hereby imposed, shall be detained by any

order entry

to beamended officer of the customs, on account of the same not being valued

of goods de- according to the true and real value thereof , and according to

tained on

account of the true intent and meaning of this act, it shall and may be

not beingduly lawful for the commissioners of his Majesty's customs in Eng-

valued, upon land , for the time being , or any four or more of them, and the

such terms as commissioners of his Majesty's customs in Scotland , for the time

they think fit, being, or any three or inore of them, upon proof being made to

if accept their satisfaction, that no

edthe pro- fraud was intended, to direct the entry

prietor shall to be amended upon such terms and conditions, as under the

notbe

circumstances of the case shall appear to the said commissioners

entitled to

damages.

of the customs in England and Scotland respectively, to be reason-

able, and as they shall think fit to direct: provided always, that

if the importer, exporter, or proprietor of such goods , wares, or

merchandize, shall accept the terms or conditions prescribed by

the said commissioners of the customs respectively, such importer,

exporter, or proprietor, shall not have or be intitled to any re-

compence or damage, on account of the detention of such goods,

wares, or merchandize, or have or maintain any action what-

ever for the fame ; any law, custom, or usage to the contrary

1

notwithstanding.

From May12,

XVII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the

1802, the du- twelfth day of May one thousand eight hundred and two, there

ties of ton-

nage in table shall be raised , levied, collected, and paid , unto and for the use

D. shall be of his Majesty, his heirs, and fuccessors, the several duties on

paid onvef-

ships and vessels, according to the tonnage thereof , entering

fels entering outwards or

outwards or inwards at any port within Great Britain, to or

inwards infrom foreign parts as the same are respectively inserted, described, and

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III . C. 43. 501

and fet forth in figures , in the table hereunto annexed marked Great Britain

D. , except as in this act is provided. toor from

XVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in foreign parts.

But not to ex-

this act shall extend , or be construed to extend , to charge with tendtoveffels

the duty of tonnage by this act imposed , any ship or vessel em- employed in

ployed in the fisheries on the coast of Great Britain , and not the fisheries

entering outwards for foreign parts . on the coast ,

not entering

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the several duties ofoutwards for

tonnage hereby imposed on ships and vessels entering outwards foreign parts.

or inwards, to or from foreign parts, shall be paid to the proper Tonnage du-

officer appointed to receive the fame, each and every voyage any ties payable

such ship or vessel shall so enter outwards or inwards at anyport every voyage,

and tobecom-

within Great Britain ; and that the tonnage of every such ship putedaccord-

or vessel being British built, or British owned, shall be computed ing to26 Geo.

andtakenaccording to the register thereof , under the provisions 3. c. 60.

ofan act passed in the twenty-sixth year of his present Majesty's

reign , intituled , An act for the further increase and encouragement

ofshipping and navigation ; and that the tonnage of every other

ship or vessel, in case of anydoubt or dispute relative thereto ,

shall be ascertained by admeasurement, in the mode and manner

prescribed anddirected by the said act . No vessel to

XX. And be it further enacted, That no ship or vessel uponbeclearedin-

which the tonnage duty by this act imposed is due and payable, wards till the

shall be permitted to be cleared inwards in any port of Great tonnage duty

Britain , unless the said tonnage duty shall have been first duly is paid , and if

paid to the proper officer of the customs appointed to receive the not paidwith-

inalimited

fame; and in case such duty shall not be paid within thirty days time, the

from the report of any ship or vessel arriving from foreign parts, vesselmaybe

it shall and may be lawful for the commissioners of his Majesty's detained and

customs in England for the time being, or any four or more of

fold .

them , or for the commissioners of his Majesty's customs in Scotland for the time being, or any three or more of them, ifthey

shall think fit, to cause such ship or vessel, and her masts, tackle,

apparel, and furniture to bedetained, and afterwards fold pub-

lickly to the best bidder , and the produce thereof to be applied

first to the charges that shall arise by such detention and sale ,

next to the tonnage duty imposed by this act , and the overplus

tobe paid to theproprietors of such ship or vessel, or other person

duly authorised by such proprietor toreceive the fame; and that Novessel shall

be entered

it shall not be lawful for the collector or other officer of the cuf- outwards for

toms at any port in Great Britain, to permit any ship or vessel foreign parts

to be entered outwards for foreign parts, or any cocquet or entry unless the

to pass for any goods, wares, or merchandize to be shipped on tonnage duty

board any such ship or vessel, unless the tonnage duty hereby hasbeenpaid .

imposed on such ship or vessel shall have been first duly paid.

XXI . Provided always, Thas nothing in this act thall extend Tonnageduty

to extend

or be construed to extend, to charge the tonnage duty hereby to vessels not

imposed on any British built ship or vessel, or any ship or vessel required tobe

owned by British subjects, which is not required to be registered registered, nor

by any act or acts of parliament in force on or immediately be- vessels in

KK 3 fore ballait,

502 Annoregni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 43. [1802.

fore the passing of this act, or on any ship or vessel whatever,

which shall enter outwards or inwards in ballast only..

Duties shall

XXII. And be it further enacted , That such of the new and

be under the management

additional duties of customs, and of the duties oftonnage by this

of the commissioners of

act imposed, as shall arise in that part of Great Britain called

England , shall be under the management of the commissioners

customs.

of the customs in England , for the time being, and such thereof

as thall arise in that part of Great Britain called Scotland , thall

be under the management of the commissioners of the customs

in Scotland , for the time being.

Additional

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the new and addi-

duties shall be tional duties of customs hereby imposed , shall and may be

managed as

former duties, managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid,

and the goods secured, and recovered , in such and the like manner, and in

tobe subject and by any and either of the ways, means, or methods , by

to the rules to which any of the duties of customs on goods, wares, or mer-

which goods

liable to chandize imposed and payable bythe said herein-before recited

custom duties act, patled in the twenty-seventh year of the reign of his present

are subject . Majesty, or by any other act or acts of parliament in force on

or immediately before the passing of this act, were or might be

managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid,

secured, and recovered ; and the goods, wares, or merchan-

1

dize, fo by this act made chargeable with the said new and

additional duties of customs shall be and the same are hereby

made subject and liable to all and every the conditions, regulations, rules, restrictions, penalties , and forfeitures, to which

any goods, wares, or merchandize, upon which any duties of

customs are imposed and payable were subject and liable by any

act or acts of parliament in force on or immediately before the

patling of this act ; and all and every pain , penalty, fine, or

forfeiture for any offence whatever committed against or in

breach of any act or acts of parliament inforce on or immediately before the passing of his act made forfecuring the revenue

of customs, or for the regulation or improvement thereof , and

the several clauses, powers, and directions therein contained,

shall, and are hereby directed and declared to extend to, and

shall be respectively applied, practised , and put in execution for

and in respect of the new and additional duties of customs hereby

charged, as far as the same are applicable thereto , in as full and

ample a manner, to all intents and purposes whatever, as if all

and every the said acts, clauses, provisions, powers, directions,

pains, penalties , and forfeitures, were particularly repeated and

re- enacted in the body of his present act.

--

Duties shall be XXIV. And be it further enacted, That all the monies arising

paid into the by the new and additional duties of customs and the duties of

exchequer separate from tonnage imposed bythis act (the necessary charges ofraifing and

other monies . accounting for the same excepted), shall from time to time be

paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer distinctly and

apart from all other branches of the publick revenues ; and that

there shall be provided and kept in the office of the auditor of

the

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 43. 503

the said receipt of exchequer a book or books, in which all the

monies arising from the said respective duties, and paid into the

said receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from

all other monies paid and payable to his Majesty, his heirs and

successors, upon any account whatever; and the said monies so

paid into the said receipt shall be carried to and made part of the

consolidated fund of Great Britain.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That all the monies arising Duties hall

from the duties by this act imposed shall be deemed a permanent be deemed a

increase to the publick revenue of Great Britain , for the purpose permanent

increase to the

of defraying any increased charge occasioned by any loan to be publick

made or stock to be created by authority of any act of parlia- revenue, &c.

ment passed or to be passed in this session of parliament , or of

supplving any deficiency in the consolidated fund of Great Britain , by occasion of any act paffled or to be passed in this session

of parliament, for repealing the duties on income, and charging

the annuities now charged on the said duties so repealed on the

said consolidated fund.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any action or suit Limitation of

shall be brought or commenced against any person or persons actions ..

for any thing done in pursuance of this act , such action of luit

Thall becommenced within three calendar months next after the

fact committed , and not afterwards, and shall be laid in the

countyCor place where the cause of complaint did arise, and not

elsewhere; and the defendant or defendants in every such-action

or suit may plead the general issue, and give this ast and the General issue.

special matter in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon; and

if the jury thall find for the defendant or defendants in any such

action or suit , or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall be nonfaited,

or discontinue his , her , or their action or suit after the defen

dant or defendants shall have appeared , or ifupon demurrer

judgement shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the

defendant or defendants thall have treble costs , and have the like Treble costs .

remedy for the same as any defendant hath in any other cafes to

recover costs by law .:

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That this act may be Act may be

varied, altered, or repealed by any act or acts to be made in this varied or repealedthis

present session of parliament...

1

session .

5

1

KK4 TABLES

504 Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. C. 43. [1802.

TABLES to which this Act refers .

TABLE A.

A

TABLE of new and additional duties of customs payable

on the goods, wares, and merchandize therein enumerated

or described, imported or brought into Great Britain, not being

imported by the united company of merchants of England

trading to the East Indies.

INWARDS.

DUTY.

£ s . d .

Adianthum nigrum, the hundred pounds ...

3-8-

Agaric, the pound 002

Alkanet root, the hundred pounds 1 .

。

18

Alkermes syrup, the pound 002

Almonds, viz.

bitter almonds, the hundred weight ..

0203

Jordan almonds, the hundred weight

00370

-of any other fort, the hundred weight

03-0

Aloes, viz.

-epatica , the hundred pounds- 038

--fuccotrina, the hundred pounds 0410

Alum, the hundred weight- -

026

Alum, viz. roch alum, the hundred weight

ΟΙΙ

Amber, rough, the hundred pounds

-

0.70

Anacardium, the hundred pounds

010

Anchor stocks . See wood

Anchovies, thebarrel, containing 16 pounds of fish

Angelica root, the hundred pounds

Annotto, the hundred pounds

I 6

ο I 10

I 8

Antimonium, viz.

crudum, the hundred weight

preparatum, the hundred pounds

Apples, the bushel-

-

--dried, the bushel

-

Aqua fortis, the hundred weight

Argol, the hundred weight

-

Aristolochia, the hundred pounds

Arrow root, the hundred pounds

Arsenic, the hundred weight

Afarum root, the hundred pounds

16-

46

ㅇㅇ

3

00 6

0 3 3 023 3

0 36

ο 9 0

3

0 2 3 046

Ashes, viz.

-pearl ashes, the hundredweight

-

- pot ashes, the hundred weight

foap ashes, the hundred weight

-

-weed athes, the hundredweight

-

0 I 6

I 6

0 Ο 10

0010

Ashes ,

i

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. C. 43. 505

Table A. continued .

DUTY.

INWARDS.

s. d .

Ashes, wood ashes, the hundred weight

0 0 10

Afphaltus , the hundred pounds

0100

Affafœtida, the hundred pounds

Balls, viz. washing balls, the hundred pounds

056

。

4 S

Balks. See wood.

Ballam, viz .

-- artificial balsam, the pound

-Canada balsam, the pound

copaivæ , the pound

- -

-

natural balsam, the pound

003

0 2

4

I

Barilla , the hundred weight

-

。 0

0 1 10

Bark , viz.

-cortex peruvianus, or Jesuit's bark , the hundred

pounds-

-

-oak bark, the hundred weight

Ο ΟΙ Ο

003

Basket rods , the bundle , not exceeding three feet in

circumference at the band1

Baskets, viz. hand baskets, the dozen

。

00

02

3

Battens. See wood.

Bayberries , the hundred weight

- -

IO

Beads , viz.

-amber beads, the pound

-coral beads, the pound

-

。

I I

46

Beech quarters, See wood

Beer or ale, the barrel of32 gallons

。

Beer, viz, spruce beer, the barrel of 32 gallons

I 2

034

Beeswax. Seewax

Bell metal, the hundred weight

-

Birds, viz. singing birds, the dozen

Blacking , the hundred weight

。

39

0 I 6

02 3

Blubber. See oil.

Boards. See wood.

Bonnets. See hats .i

Books, viz. 1

-- bound books , the hundred weight

-unbound books, the hundred weight

Botargo , the pound

Ο ΙΙ 4

。 58

002

Bottles , viz.

-glass bottles, the dozen quarts

-stone bottles, the dozen quarts

02

6

Boxwood. See wood.

Boxes, viz.

nest boxes, the gross, containing 12 dozen nests ,

each nest containing 8 boxes

2 3

-pill boxes, the gross, containing 12 dozen nests,

each nest containing 4boxes 16

sand boxes, thegross, containing 12dozen boxes o 05

Brandy. See spirits.

Brazil wood. See wood.

Brazilletto

506 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III.c.43 . [ 1802 .

: Table Arontinued .

INWARDS.

DUTY .

£ . 5. d.

Brazilletto wood . See wood be on

Brimstane, the hundred weight

C -

ΟΙ

Britles, viz.1

dressed, the dozen pounds :

rough or undressed, the dozen pounds

Brooms , viz. whisk brooms, the dozen

00

38

6 0

3

Bugle , viz. great bugle, the hundred pounds

084

small bugle, the hundred pounds

-6 10

Bullrushes , the load, containing 63 bundles

Burrs for millstones, the hundred11

02

4

19

6

Cables, tarred or untarred, the hundred weight 20-24

Cam wood. See wood.

Cambogium, or-gutta gambia, the hundred pounds 010 10

Camphire, viz. refined, the poundsys 002

- unrefined, the pound t 002

Candles, viz. tallow candles, the hundred weight 30 02 I

wax candles, the hundred pounds ... ud 2010-0

Canes, viz. reed canes, the thousand- 2014 3

Cantharides, the pound -

1

600

Capers, the hundred pounds -

1

604-2

Cardemoms, the hundred pounds

1010

Carpets, viz.1

G

- Turkey carpets, containing 4yards square, or

upwards, the carpet 068

containing less than 4 yards

square, the carpet .- 050

Carrabe , the pound 001

Casks, empty, the ton

- 001O

Caffia, viz.

- -fiftula, the hundred weight

018

--lignea, the hundred pounds

0100

Castoreum, the pound

-

0-3 0

Caviar, the hundred weight

-

4 0-2

Cheese, the hundred weight

م

I 0

Cherries, the hundred weight

34

Cider, the ton, containing 252 gallons

Ο 11 0

Cinnamon, the pound-

5 00

Cloves, the pound

003

Cochineal, the pound

0 Ο 10

Cocoa nuts, the hundred weight 34

Coculus Indiæ, the pound

00

2

Coffee , the hundred weight 40

Coloquintida, the pound 002

Colours for painters, the pound 002

Comfits, the pound ΟΙΟ

-Copper,

1802. ] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 43--597

Table A. continued.

DUTY.

INWARDS.

L. 5. d .

Copper , viz.

ore , the hundred weight 008

part wrought, the hundred weight orro

unwrought, the hundred weight- 043

wire. See wire.

Copperas , viz. !

- green, the hundred weight

0.0

3

-white , the hundred weight 1 10

Coral, viz.

- in fragments, the pound 002

-whole, polished, the pound 0 36

-whole, unpolished, the pound0 r 9

Cordage , theton, containing twenty hundred weiglitI 60

Cork , the hundred weight

Corks, ready made, the gross, containing 12 dozen ٢

Cortex , viz.0

elatheriæ, the hundred weight ΟΙ 6

limonum, the hundred pounds 3

fimarouba, the pound 002

winteranus, the hundred pounds

060

Cottonwool. See wool.

Cotton yarn. See yarn .

Cowitch , the pound

100

Cream of tartar, the hundred weight

040

Crystal in brokenpieces for physical uses, the pound

0 2

Currants, the hundred weight

0 г

Dates , the hundred weight

Ο 44

Daucus Creticus , the pound

002

Deals. See wood.

Diptamus leaves, the pound

002

Down, the hundred pounds

0 710

Earthen ware , viz.

brickstones, the thousand

8

galley tiles, the hundred feet

- 0 I 0

pantiles, the thousand

0 210

-

paving tiles, the thousand

3 0

Ebony. See wood.

Eels, the ship load

2 17 8

Eleborus, the hundred pounds

ο 2

Elephant's teeth, the hundred weight

018 0

Effence oflemons, the pound

。

0 3

Euphorbium, the hundred pounds

2

Feathers, viz.

oftridge feathers dressed, the pound

1 2 0 .

oftridge feathers undressed, the pound

0 37

for beds, the hundred weight

Ο 6 5

Fechia brugiata, the hundred weight

-

I 3

Fenugreek, the hundred weight

。

010

Figs, the hundred weight

2 3

Fir

508 Annoregni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. C.43. [ 1802.

Table A. continued.

DUTY.

INWARDS.

£. s. d .

Fir quarters. See wood.

Fire wood. See wood.

Flores chamemeli, the hundred pounds

-

Frankincense, the hundred weight

Furrier's waste, the hundred weight

-

034

0

1

0

69

Fustic. See wood

Galbanum, the pound

Galls, the hundred weight

002

05 。

Geneva. See spirits.

Gentian, the hundred pounds

Ginger , the hundred weight

Ginger green, the pound

Ginfang , the hundred pounds

-

Glass broken, the hundred weight

Glover's clippings, the hundred weight

Glue, the hundred weight-

Guineagrains, the hundred pounds

Guinea pepper, the hundred pounds

22

0 1 10

0 02

60

004

0 1 6

020

。

22

024

Gum, viz.

-animi , the hundred pounds

arabic, the hundred weight

-

armoniac, the hundred weight

copal , the hundred pounds

-

elemi, the hundred pounds

guiaci, the hundred pounds

opoponax , the pound

-

sandrake, the hundred weight

fenega, the hundred weight

056

038

0 13 。

090

09 0

8-4

005

0 2 10

510

002

-

- tragaganth, the pound

-

Hair , viz.

cow or ox hair, the hundred weight

-

goats hair, the pound

-

-

horse hair, the hundred pounds

0 I 10

002

010 O

ㅇㅇ

human hair, the pound

Handspikes . See wood.

Hartshorns, the hundred

052

Hats, viz .

bast or straw hats or bonnets, the dozen

00

-chip, cane, or horse hair, hats or bonnets, the

dozen

004

Hemp, rough or undressed , the ton, containing twenty

hundred weight

I 3 2

Hermodactylus, the pound

I

Hides, viz.

cow or ox hides in the hair, the piece

horse hides in the hair , the piece

Indian hides undressed , the piece-

Losh hides, the hundred pounds

00 6

006

005

0100

Hides ,

1802. ] Anno regni quadragesimo fecundoGEORGII III. c. 43. 509

Table A. continued.

DUTY.

INWARDS.

£. s. d.

Hides, Muscovy or Russia hides tanned , the pound

Hones , the hundred

Honey , the barrel, containing 42 gallons

020

ΟΠΟ

Hoops for coopers. See wood.

Horntips, the hundred

Horns of cows or oxen, the hundred

Horses, mares , or geldings, each

6 00

I 4

ΟΠΟ

Incle, viz.

- unwrought, or short spinnel, the pound I

ㅇㅇ

-wrought, the dozen pounds 038

Indico , viz.

-- of the produce of any British colony or planta-

tion, the hundred pounds 0.18 0

of the produce of any part of the united states

of America, the hundred pounds Ο 12 Ο

of the produce of any other country or place,

the hundred pounds 170

Ink for printers, the hundred weight 2 10

Ireos, the hundred weight 016

Iron , viz .

in bars or unwrought, the ton , containing twenty

hundred weight

0 13 0

-cast, the ton , containing twenty hundred weight o 66

hoops, the hundred weight,

ΟΙ 6

ore, the ton, containing twenty hundred weight 0110

-pig iron, the ton, containing twenty hundred

weight 046-

- flit, or hammered into rods, and iron drawn or

hammered less than 3-4ths ofan inch square,

the ton, containing twenty hundred weight

Isinglass, the hundred pounds

-

Juice of lemons, the ton, containing 252 gallons

Juice of limes, the gallon

Juniper berries, the hundred weight

Kelp, the ton, containing twenty hundred weight

5 012

07

。

6 015

002

ΟΙΟ

046

Knees of oak. See wood.

Lace , viz. bone lace of thread, the dozen yards

Lampblack, the hundred weight

026 0 14 0

Lathwood. See wood.

Latten, viz. shaven latten, the hundred weight

Lavender flowers, the hundred pounds

。

60

018

Lead, viz.

-black lead, the hundred weight

-red lead, the hundred weight

white lead, the hundred weight

Leaves of rofes, the hundred pounds

Lemons, the thousand

Lignumvitæ . See wood......1,٠٠

ههو

ΟΙΟ

1- 0 I 3

3 0

。

03101

Linen ,

510 Annoregni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 43. [1802.

Table A. continued.

DUTY.

INWARDS. 1

f. s. d .

Linen, viz.

cambricks and French lawns, the half piece,

containing fix ells and a half- 1 0 18

-canvas, viz. Heffens canvas or Dutch barras, the

120ells- 02 9

packing canvas, guttings, spruce,

Elbing , or Queensborough canvas, the

120 ells- 1 10

-damask napkining , of Silefia making, the yardo o 2

tabling, of Silefia making, the yard 004

napkining, of the manufacture of France .

or Holland , the yard- 002

tabling, of the manufacture of France

or Holland , the yard- 003

-diaper napkining, of Silefia making, the yard

100

of the manufacture ofHolland ,

theyard-

tabling, of Silefia making, the yard

drillings and pack duck, the 120 ells

003

60

Flanders arid Holland linen, plain, not exceeding

one ell in breadth, the 120 ells

017 4

German, Switzerland , east country (exceptRuf-

1

fta ,) and Silefia, cloth, plain, viz .

not above 31 inches in breadth,

the 120 ells above 31½ inches in breadth,

038

and not exceeding 36 inches,

the 120 ells

080

above 36 inches in breadth, the

120 ells

Ο 12 4

Hinderlands brown, under 22½inchesin breadth,

the 120ells

-

024

lawns, viz.

-Silefia , andall other lawns plain (except

1

French lawns) not bleached in Hol-

land , the piece not exceeding 8 yards

inlength-

005

Silefia , and all other lawns plain (except

French lawns) bleached in Holland ,

1

the piece not exceeding 8 yards in

length 007

-- Russia linen plain, viz.

towelling and napkining of the manufacture of Russia, not exceeding 224

inches in breadth, the 120ells 023

narrow Russia linen , not otherwise enu-

merated, not exceeding 22 inches.

in breadth, the 120 ells- 018

Linen,

1802.] Anno regni quadragefinio secundo GEORGII III. C. 43. 511 .

Table A. continued.

DUTY.

INWARDS .

L. s . d .

Linen , Russia, continued.

linen cloth and diaper of Russia, exceeding 22½ inches in breadth, and

not exceeding 311 inches, the 120 ells O

44

linen cloth and diaper ofRuffia, exceeding 31½ inches in breadth, and

not exceeding 36 inches, the 120 ells 0 6 2

linen cloth and diaper of Russia, exceeding 36 inches in breadth, and not

exceeding 45 inches , the 120 ells -

076

linen cloth and diaper of Russia, exceeding 45 inches in breadth, the

120 ells

-

0 13 0

-

fail cloth , the 120 ells

0 7 2

Liquorice root, the hundred weight

028

Logwood. See wood :

Lupines , the hundred weight.

-

。。

6

Lutestrings or catlings, the grofs, containing 12dozen

-

knots 009

Mace , the pound 012

Madder , viz.

-- mull madder, the hundred weight0 04

madder of any other fort, the hundred weight o 2 8

madder roots the hundred weight 029

Mahogany. See wood.

Maps, each Manna, the hundred pounds

Marmelade, the pound

Maftic white, the hundred pounds

7 0

00

I

00

2

Ο ΙΙ

Masts . See wood.

Mats of Russia , the hundred 02 3

Matting , theyard 。。 I

Melasses, the hundred weight Ο I

3-

Mercury sublimate, the pound0

3

Metal, viz. leafmetal , the hundred packets0 2

Morels, the pound- 0 Ο 3

Moss, viz. rock moss , the ton, containing 20 hundred

weight 0 15 10

Mum, the barrel, containing 32 gallons

1

ο

2 10

Myrrh, the hundred pounds

Ο 9,0

Necklaces of glass, the grofs, containing 12 bundles,

necklaces or dickers, each bundle or dicker containing 12

Nicaragua wood. See wood. br 6

Nutmegs, the poundOT 2

Nuts, viz .1.

chefnuts, the bushel

004

small nuts, the bathel

007

Oaker, the bushel-

005

Oakham,

512 Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. c.43. [1802 .

Table A. continued ,

DUTY.

INWARDS.

£. d .

S.

Oakham, the hundred weight

006

Oak plank. See wood.

Oars. See wood.

Oil, viz.

-

oil of almonds, the hundred pounds

3

anniseed, the pound ㅇㅇ

7

bay , the hundred weight

ο 510

carraway , the pound ㅇㅇ

3

castor oil, the gallon

ههو

-

chemical oil, not otherwise enumerated, the

pound 004

oil of cinnamon, the pound 0 I

cloves, the pound 02

。

hemp seed, the ton , containing 252 gallons I 6

juniper, the hundred pounds

010 Ο

linseed, the ton, containing 252 gallons 1 19 0

nutmegs, the pound

。

30

ordinary oil of olives, the ton, containing

252gallons2 48

origanum, the hundred pounds- I

ㅇㅇ

palm, the hundred weight

ΟΙ

4

perfumed oil, not otherwise enumerated, the

pound-

4

oil of petroleum, the pound

00

I

- rhodium, the pound 060

- rosemary, the pound 002

fallad oil, the hundred gallons I I 8

spermaceti oil, the ton, containing 252 gallons 2 12 8

oil of spike, the pound 0 2

thyme, the pound 00 2

turpentine, the hundred pounds Ο I 6,

- vitriol, the hundred pounds

0 I IO

train oil or blubber, viz.

blubber of Newfoundland , the ton, containing

252 gallons 43

-blubber, not ofNewfoundland , the ton, containing 252 gallons- - 0 13 6

-

trainoil, fith oil, or oil of seals, or other creatures

living in the seas, not otherwise enumerated or

described, the ton, containing 252 gallons Olibanum, or incense, the hundred weight

Olives, the hogshead , containing 63 gallons

Onions, the bushel-

Opium, the pound

Oranges, the thousand

Orange flower water, the gallon

-

Orchella, the hundred weight

Orpiment , the hundred weight

Orsedew, the dozen pounds

IO

3

3 02

I 4

00

00

36

44

00

4

05

73 0

ο 110

Pearl

1802. ] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 43. 513

Table A. continued.

DUTY.

INWARDS,

£. s. d.

Pearl barley, or barley hulled, the hundred weight

00

9

Pears , the bushel

I 2

-dried, the bushel

Ο Ο 4

Pepper, viz. long pepper, the hundred pounds

Ο 4

0

Pickles, the gallon

- -

ㅇㅇ

3

Pictures, viz.

-

of four feet square, or upwards, the picture

28

-

oftwo feet square, and under four feet square ,

the picture under two feet square the picture

Pimento, the hundred pounds

Pistachia nuts, the hundred pounds-

Pitch, the last of 12 barrels, each barrel containing

I 12 Ο

Ο 16

02

020

。

2

31 gallons

Pix Burgundiæ, the hundred weight

Plaster of Paris, the hundred pounds

38

00 9

100

Plate, viz.

-of gold, wrought, the ounce troy

of silver, ungilt, the ounce troy

of silver, part gilt , the ounce troy

of silver, gilt , the ounce troy

00

5 10

03

4

5

Platters. See wood.

Plumbs, dried, the hundred pounds

0 6 Ο

Polypodium, the poundο I

Pomegranate peels, the hundred weight

38

6

Pomegranates, the thousand 4

Pots, viz. melting pots for goldsmiths, the hundred ΟΙ 2

Powder of brass for japanning, the pound

- 00 3

Powder , viz. hair powder, the hundred weight

43

Prints, viz. paper prints, the piece

Ο 3

Prunelloes, the pound

-

00

Prunes, the hundred weight

02

36

Quickfilver, the pound

-

Ο 0 2

Quills, viz.

goose quills, the thousand

-

-

Swan quills, the thousand

Radix contrayerva, the pound

ipecacuana, the pound

seneca , the pound

serpentaria, the pound

00

。

48

002

ㅇㅇ 4

00 I

ㅇㅇ

I

Rags, fit only to make paper, the ton, containing

20hundredweight

015 9

Raisins , viz .

denia raisins, the hundred weight

014

faro raisins, the hundred weight- I 5

lexia raisins, the hundred weight 10110

lipra, or Belvidere raisins, the hu

hundred weight at o I 5

- Smyrna raisins, the hundred weight

0010

of the fun, the hundred weight

。 2 9

VOL, XLIII. LL

Raisins

514 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 43. .

[1802

Table A. continued.

DUTY .

INWARDS.

fs. d.

Raisins not otherwise enumerated or described, the

hundredweight

-

ΟΙ 4

Redwood. See wood.

Rhubarb, the pound

-

Rice , the hundred weight

Rofin, the hundred weight

8

ㅇㅇ 8

4

Rum. See spirits .

Saccarum saturni, the hundredpounds

Safflower, the hundred weight

Saffron, the pound

Sal armoniac, the pound

-fuccini, the pound

-tartari, the pound

Salop , the pound-

Salt , the wey, containing 40 bushels

Salt petre, the hundred weight

Sarsaparilla, the hundred pounds

Saffafras, the hundred weight

Sausages, the pound

Scamony, the pound

04 ID

0410

。

I 3

ㅇㅇ 1

100 2

00 1

。

2

I

。

0 2 4

6

。

08

Ο I

9

Scoops of wood. See wood.

Seahorse teeth, the pound

。

2

Seeds, viz. annifeed, the hundred weight

canary feed, the hundred weight

carraway feed, the hundred weight

-

clover feed, the hundred weight

-

coriander feed, the hundred weight

cummin feed, the hundred weight

fennel feed, the hundred pounds

-

garden feed, the hundred pounds

。

bemp feed, the quarter , of eight bushels

linseed, the bushel

-

lucern feed, the hundred weight

mustard feed, the hundred weight

onion feed, the hundred weight

-rape feed, the quarter , containing eight bushels

Sena , the pound

Shruff , the hundred weight

-

2 3

2 10

09

2 9

Ο Ο 10

0 I

6

3

410

。 0 5

3

3 0

σ

6

05

0

015

002

28

Shovels of wood. See wood.

Shumack, the Itundred weight

0010

Silk, viz .

knubs or husks of silk , the pound, containing

* 16 ounces-

。。

I

-raw silk of Turkey , the pound , containing 16

ounces

007

- raw silk of any other country, the pound , containing 16 ounces

-

thrown silk, the pound ,containing 16 ounces

8

0 009

Silk ,

* 1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 43. 515

Table A. continued.

DUTY.

INWARDS.

L. s. d .

Silk , continued .

-walte silk , the pound, containing 16 ounces

- 002

-wrought silk , viz . crapes or tiffanies, the pound,

containing 16 ounces

。

1 3

Skins, viz. badger skins, undressed the piece

- - 002

bear skins, black, undressed, the piece

white, undreised, the piece-

-beaver skins, undressed, the piece- Ο

I

Ο Ο

I

。

3

calabar or fquirrel skins, undressed, the timber

of40 skins-

- Ο 9

-calve skins, undressed, the dozenI 2

tanned, the pound I

→cat skins, undressed, the ICO skins- Ο 2 3

coney skins, undressed, the dozen

。

2

deer skins, undressed, the skin

02

deer skins, indian, half dressed, the skin

- 002

dogfish skins, undressed, the dozen

Ο I 0

elk skins , undressed, the skin

。

7

ermin skins, undressed, the timber, containing

40 skins

。

I 6

fisher skins, undressed , the piece

- fitches, undressed, the timber, of 40 skins

fox skins ( not black), undressed, the skins

。

Ο

goat skins, undressed, the dozen

tanned, the dozen

。

hare skins, undressed, the 120

kid skins, undressed, the hundred skins

dressed, the hundred skins

lamb skins, undressed, in the wool, the 120

dressed in alum, the 100 skins

flink lamb skins, in the wool , the 120

Ο 2

Ο 1 8

。

3

I 8

34

Ο 3

0

3 10

Ο

310.

0 3 10

- Ο 3

。

Ο Ο 8

leopard skins, undressed, the piece

lion skins , undressed, the piece

-

Ο I I

。

5

-

martin skins, undressed, the timber, containing

40 skins mink skins, undressed, the timber, containing

。

44

40 skins

otter skins, undressed, the piece-

- Ο

6

panther skins, undressed , the piece

-

-

raccoon skins, undressed , the Ico skins

-

seal skins, undressed , the skin-

-

sheep skins, undressed, in the wool, the dozen

-

dressed , in oil, the dozen

Ο ΙΙ 6

○

。

I I

Ο 10 10

0

。

2

。

Ο

5

2

otherwise dressed , the dozen-

ο 0

0 08

squirrel skins . See calabar skins .

swan skins , undresled , the piece

-

tyger skins, undressed, the piece

weazel skins, undressed , the 120

-

。

LL2

00

3

I

2

38

Skins,

516 Annoregni quadragesimo fecundoGEORGII III . c.43. [1802.

Table A continued.

INWARDS.

Skins, wolf skins, undressed, the piece

Smalts, the hundred pounds

Snuff , the pound

Soap, viz. hard soap, the hundred weight

-

DUTY.

£. s. d .

006

。

4 10

IOO

026

Spars. See wood.

Spirits, viz. brandy the gallon

- geneva , the gallon

rum, the 100 gallons

00 3

002

Ο 18 Ο

--spirits, not otherwise enumerated or described,

the gallon

Sponges, the pound

Squilla, the hundred weight

Starch, the hundred weight

0 3

0 4

0 0 4

0 I 3

Staves. See wood.

Stavesacre, the hundred weight

048

Steel, viz .

-gad steel, the hundred weight

-long steel, the hundred weight

Stock fish , the hundred and twenty

020

Ο I 10

003

Stones, viz. basons, tables, mortars, and other polished

marble, the superficial foot

- blocks of marble, the solid foot

ㅇㅇ

。

4

I I

dog stones, not exceeding four feet in diameter,

above six inches, and under twelve inches in

thickness , the last containing three pair- 064

emery stones, the ton, containing twenty hundred weight 020

-

- grave stones of marble , polished, the foot

square, superficial measure- Ο 10

grave stones of marble, unpolished, the foot

square, superficial measure

00 2

grave stones not of marble, the foot square,

superficial measure

002

-

mill stones , above four feet in diameter, or if

twelve inches in thickness, or upwards, the

piece

Ο 12 1

paving stones, of marble, rough or polished,

the foot square, superficial measure

--

paving stones, not of marble, the

-

0 0 I

100 feet

square, superficial measure

-

ponice stones, the ton, containing twenty

hundred weight- - I 92

quern stones, large , three feet, and not above

four feet in diameter, and not exceeding fix

inches in thickness, the last, containing three

pair- - - 04 10 Stones ,

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 43. 517

Table A. continued,

DUTY.

INWARDS.

L. 5. d .

Stones , continued .

quern stones, small, under three feet in dia-

meter, and not exceeding six inches in thick-

ness, the last, containing three pair 02 5

-flates, in frames, the dozen0 3

-- whetstones, the hundredΟ 0 4

Storax calamita, the pound 0

。

I

- liquida, the pound Ο Ο 2

Sturgeon , the keg- Ο ο 8

Succades, the pound-

。

。 2

Succus liquoritiæ, the hundred weight

Tails, viz. Martin's tails , undressed, the hundred 036

00 I

Tallow , the hundred weight- 1 10

Tamarinds, the hundred weight- Ο I 0

Tar , the last, containing 12 barrels , each barrel not

exceeding 31 gallons

- - 2 II

Terras, the bushel

- 002

Thread, viz.

--- bridges thread, the dozen pounds

fifters thread , the pound

7 10

II

Timber. See wood.

Tabacco, the hundred pounds- -

Tortoishell, the pound

Tow , the ton, containing 20 hundred weight

。

3

00 5

013 9

Trays ofwood. See wood.

Treenails . See wood.

Truffles, the pound- 00

3

Tubs of wood. See wood.

Turmeric, the hundred pounds

。

2 9

Turpentine, common, the ton, containing 20 hundred

weight-

- - 02

Twist, for bandstrings, the dozen knots

00

Valonia, the hundred weight

Varnish, the hundred weight

。

3

Ο ΙΙ

9

Verdigrease, viz. common, the hundred pounds

082

crystallized, the hundred pounds Ο

9

Vermillion, the pound

Ο ο 4

Vinegar, the ton, containing 252 gallons 1 19 8

Vinelloes, the paund Ο Ο 10

Umber, the hundred weight 007

Wainscot logs. See wood,

Walnuts, the bushelΘ 4

Water , viz. Pyrmont water, the dozen bottles or flasks ,

not exceeding three pints- 094

Wax, viz.

-- bees wax, white, or manufactured, the hundred

weight unmanufactured, the hundred weight

973

。

59

Weld , the hundred weight 0010

LL3 Whalefins,

1

518 Anno regniquadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 43. [1802.

Table A. continued .

DUTY.

INWARDS.

£. s. d.

Whalefins, the hundred weight

-

0-1.9

Wine, viz.

French wine , the ton, containing 252 gallons 4 4 0

Madeira wine, the ton ,containing 252 gallons 3 3

。

Rhenish , German, Hungary wine, the ton, containing 252 gallons-

--- Spanish, Portugal, and all other wines not414 6

otherwise enumerated, the ton, containing

252 gallons-

- 2 2

。

Wire, viz.

brass or copper wire , the hundred weight Ο 10 6

virginal wire of brass or copper, the hundred

weight Ο 12

- virginal wire ofiron, the hundred weightΟ 9

。

Woad , viz. green woad, the hundred weight- - Ο 10

Thoulouse woad , the hundred weight- 0 I

。

Wood, viz,

anchor stocks imported from any part of

Europe, the piece

008

balks, imported from any part of Europe, viz.

five inches square , and under eight

inches square, or if twenty-four feet

in length or upwards, the 120

-

III

under tive inches square, and under

twenty -four feet in length , the 120

battens imported from any part of Europe, viz.

89

eight feet in length, and not exceeding twenty feetin length, not above

seven inches in width, and not exceeding 24 inchesin thickness, the 120 0

68

exceeding twenty feet inlength, not

above teven inches in width, or if

exceeding 24 inches in thickness,

the 120-

batten ends imported from any part of Eu-

013 4

rope , viz.

under eight feet in length, not

above seven inches in width, and

not exceeding 24 inches in thick-

ness , the 120

- 2 6

under eight feet in length, not

above seven inches in width, and

exceeding 24 inches in thickness,

--

the 120 58

beech quarters imported from any part of Eu-

rope, viz. under five inches square , and under twenty-four feet in length , the 120

- 54

i Wood ,

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III . C. 43. 519

Table A. continued.

DUTY.

INWARDS.

£. s. d.

Wood, continued.

boards imported from any part ofEurope, viz.

clapboards, not exceeding five feet three

inches in length, and under eight

inches square, the 120

-

07 10

oak boards, under two inches in thick-

ness , and under fifteen feet in length,

the 120 under two inches in thickness ,

074

and if fifteen feet in length, or

upwards, the 120

0 14 8

pailing boards, hewed on one side, and

not exceeding seven feet in length,

the 120-

。

I

6

hewed on one side, and exceeding seven feet in length, the

120-

pipe boards, above five feet three inches

。

38

in length, and not exceeding eight

feet in length, and under eight inches

square , the 120-

seale boards , the hundred weight

012 3

。。

wainscot boards, the inch or foot,

7

containing twelve feet in length, and

one inch in thickness

box wood, the ton, containing twenty hundred

004

weight- -

Brazilwood, the ton, containing twenty hun-

019 3

-

dredweight Brazilletto wood, the ton, containing twenty

2 17 6

hundred weight

-

cam-wood, the ton, containing twenty hundred

Ο 10

3

weight-

deals imported from any part of Europe viz .

I

34

above seven inches in width, exceeding

twenty feet in length, and not exceeding four inches in thickness, the 120

- 215 0

above seven inches in width, exceeding

twenty feet in length, and exceeding

four inches in thickness, the 120

above seven inches in width, being

- 414 2

eight feet in length, and not above

twenty feet in length, and not exceeding 3 inches in thickness , the

120-

-

not above ten feet in length, and not

Οι 3

exceeding it inch in thickness, the

120

LL405 Wood ,

σ

520 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 43. [1802.

Table A. continued .

INWARDS.

DUTY.

£. s. d .

Wood, continued.

deal ends, imported from any partofEurope ,viz.

above seven inches in width, being

under eight feet in length, and not

exceeding 34 inches in thickness ,

the 120

04

8

above seven inches in width, being

under eight feet in length, and exceeding 34 inches in thickness,

the 120-

。

68

-

ebony , the ton, containing twenty hundred

weight- Ο 12 9

firewood, imported from any part of Europe , viz.

the fathom , six feet wide , and fix

feet high

-

fuftic, the hundred weight-

-

。。

7

9

handspikes, imported fromany part ofEurope, viz.

under seven feet in length, the 120 0 I

- seven feet in length, or upwards,

4

the 120

ΟΙ

4

-hoops for coopers, imported from any part

ofEurope, the 1000-

I

4

-knees of oak, imported from any part of

Europe , viz.

five inches square, and under eight

inches square, the 120

-

Ο ΙΙ 5

-

under five inches square, the 120 - 0

2

5

lathwood, imported from any partofEurope, viz.

in pieces under five feet in length,

the fathom six feet wide, and fix

feet high

39

in pieces five feet in length, or up-

wards, the fathom six feet wide,

and six feet high-

lignum vitæ , the ton, containing 20 hundred

056

weight-

68

- log wood, the ton, containing 20 hundred

weight

56

- mahogany, the ton , containing 20 hundred

weight masts imported from any part ofEurope, viz.

013 9

-

six inches in diameter, and under eight

inches, the mast

ㅇㅇ

8

eight inches in diameter, and under

twelve inches, the matt 014

-

twelve inches in diameter, or upwards,

the load, containing fifty cubic feet 977

of the produce of , and imported from,

any part of theunited states of America, viz. Wood,

1802. ] Anno regiíi quadragesimosecundoGEORGII III. c.43. 521

Table A. continued.

DUTY.

INWARDS.

£ . s. d .

Wood, masts, continued.

six inches în diameter , and under eight

inches, the mast

- -

008

eight inches indiameter, and under twelve

inches, the maft-

014

twelve inches, in diameter, or upwards,

the load, containing fifty cubic feet

。 77

nicaragua wood, the ton, containing 20 hun-

dredweight

0 160

oak plank imported from any partofEurope ,viz.

two inches in thickness, or upwards, the load,

containing fifty cubic feet-

068

-

oars imported from any part of Europe ,

the120- - -

013 9

-platters imported from any part of Europe,

the dozen

3

-

red or Guinea wood, the ton, containing 20

hundred weight-

I 60

-- scoops imported from any part of Europe ,

the dozen-

- 002

-shovels imported from any part of Europe ,

the dozen- - 002

spars imported from any part of Europe, viz.

under twenty-two feet in length, and

under four inches in diameter, exclusive

of the bark, the 120-

43

twenty - two feet in length, or upwards,

and under four inches in diameter, ex-

clusive of the bark, the 120

087

four inches in diameter, and under fix

inches, exclusive of the bark, the 120

0 17 10

-

six inches in diameter, or upwards. See

mafts .

staves imported from any part ofEurope, viz.

not exceeding thirty-six inches in length,

not above three inches in thickness,

and not exceeding seven inches in

breadth , the 120-

019

above thirty- six inches in length, and

not exceeding fifty inches in length,

not above three inches in thickness ,

and not exceeding seven inches in

breadth, the 120

035

above fifty inches in length, and not

exceeding sixty inches in length, not

above three inches in thickness , and

not exceeding seven inches in breadth,

the 120- -

049 Wood ,

522 Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. C.43. [1802 .

Table A. continued.

INWARDS.

DUTY.

L. s. d.

Wood, staves, continued.:

above sixty inches in length, and not

exceeding seventy-two inches in

length, not above three inches in

thickness , and not exceeding seven

inches in breadth , the 120

064

above seventy- two inches in length,

not above three inches in thickness ,

and not exceeding seven inches in

breadth, the 120-

064

of the produce of , and imported from,

any part of the united states of Ame-

rica , viz . !

not exceedingthirty-six inches inlength,

not above three inches in thickness,

and not exceeding seven inches in

breadth, the 120

ههو

above thirty- six inches in length, and

not exceeding fifty inches in length,

not above three inches in thickness,

and not exceeding seven inches in

breadth, the 120-

0

هو

above fifty inches in length, and not

exceeding sixty inches in length, not

above three inches in thickness, and

not exceeding seven inches in breadth,

the 120- -

。

I 3

above sixty inches in length, and not exceeding seventy- two inches in length,

not above three inches in thickness,

and not exceeding seven inches in

breadth, the 120-

18

above seventy-two inches in length,

not above three inches in thickness,

and not exceeding seven inches in

breadth, the 120

022

-

timber, viz. fir timber, viz.

eight inches-square, and not exceeding ten inches square, of

the growth of Norway, and

imported directly from thence,

theload , containing fifty cubic

feet-

8

exceeding ten inches square, of

the growth of Norway, and

imported directly from thence,

-the load, containing fifty cubic

feet-

020 Wood ,

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. c . 43. 523

Table A. continued.

DUTY.

INWARDS.

L. s.

d .

Wood , timber, fir timber, continued.

eight inches square, or upwards,

imported from any other part

of Europe, the load, containing fifty cubic feet-

022

oak timber, imported from any part of

Europe , viz.

eight inches square, or upwards ,

the load , containing fiity cubic

feet-

46

oak timber, the produce of , and imported from, any part of the united

states of America, viz.

eight inclies square, or upwards, the

load , containing fifty cubic feet

- 0 34

trays ofwood, the shock, containing sixty

- Ο 0 5

treenails, the thousand

2 0

tubs of wood, the dozen

00

wainscot logs, imported from any part of

4

Europe , viz,

eight inches square, or up-

wards the load, containing

fifty cubic feet , 79

Wool, viz.

-cotton wool , of the growth or production of

Turkey , the hundred pounds 07:10

of thegrowth or production of any

part of the united states of

America , the hundred pounds 0 7 10

of the growth or production of any

of the British colonies or plantations, the hundred pounds- 0 10 6

of the growth or production of

any other country or place, the

hundred pounds 0 15 0

hares' wool, the hundred pounds0 2 9

Wormfeed, the pound- -

-

ο 0 I

Yarn, viz. cotton yarn, the hundred pounds

mohair yarn, the pound

Yellow berries, the hundred weight

Zedoaria, the pound

85

ο 3

50

00 1

All other goods, wares, or merchandize whatever, not .

herein particularly enumerated or described, not

being imported by the united company of merchants

of England trading to the East Indies (except such

goods, wares, and merchandize which, by any

special provision, in this act are exempt from the

duty hereby imposed), for every hundred pounds

of the true and real value thereof-

3 12 0 TABLE

1

524 Annoregni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. C. 43. [1802.

TABLE В.

A

TABLE of new and additional duties of customs payable

on the goods, wares, and merchandize, therein enumerated

or described, imported into Great Britain by the united company

ofmerchants of England trading to the East Indies,

INWARDS.

DUTY.

£. s. d .

Çallicoes, viz. Plain white callicoes -dimity, viz.

Plain white dimity -muslins plain-nan-

quin cloth -muslins or white callicoes,

flowered or stitched -cotton manufactures,

not otherwise enumerated or described-

and all goods, wares, and merchandize,

prohibited to be worn or used in Great Bri

tain , imported for exportation only ; -for

every hundred pounds, of the true and real

value thereof , according to the gross price

at which such goods shall have been fold

at the publick sales of the united company

of merchants of England trading to the East

Indies, without any deduction therefrom,

except so much as the duties of customs

due and payable on such goods respectively

shall amount to

3 12

Indico , for every hundred pounds of the true and real

value thereof , according to the gross price

at which it shall have been fold at the publick sales of the united company ofmer-

chants of England trading to the East

Indies-

3 12 0

Cotton wool, for every hundred pounds of the true

and real value thereof , according to the

grofs price at which it shall have been fold

at the publick sales of the united company

of merchants of England trading to the

East Indies-

-

Coffee, the hundred weight

Cocoa nuts, the hundred weight-

416

0

0

4 。

34

1 TABLE

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 43. 525

TABLE С.

A

TABLE of new and additional duties of customs payable

on the exportation from Great Britain of the goods, wares,

and merchandize, therein enumerated or described .

OUTWARDS.

£. s. d .

DUTY.

Goods, wares, and merchandize, of the growth ,

produce, or manufacture, of Great Britain

( except such goods, wares, and merchandize,

which by any special provision in this act are

exempt from the duty hereby imposed) exported to any part of Europe, or to any port

or place within the streights of Gibraltar, for

every hundred pounds of the true and real

value thereof- -

Ο ΟΙ Ο

Goods, wares, and merchandize, of the growth,

produce, or manufacture, of Great Britain

( except such goods, wares, and merchandize,

which by any special provision in this act are

exempt from the duty hereby imposed) exported to any port or place whatever, not

being in Europe, or within the streights of

Gibraltar, or within the limits of the charters

granted to the united company ofmerchants

of England trading to the East Indies, for

every hundred pounds of the true and real

value thereof-

TABLE D.

ATABLE of

TABLE of tonnage duties payable on ships and vessels

in ballast), in any

port of Great Britain, to or from foreign parts.

TONNAGE DUTY.

DUTY.

L. so

d .

For every ton burthen of every ship or vessel entering

outwards or inwards (except in ballast), to or

from the islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Sark, Alderney,

and Man, the Greenland Seas, and the southern

whale fishery- -

-

For every ton burthen of every ship or vessel entering

outwards or inwards ( except in ballast ), to or from

any port or place within the streights of Gibraltar

。

6

0

For

526 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 44. [ 1802 .

Table D. continued.

DUTY.

TONNAGE DUTY.

L. 5.

d.

For every ton burthen of every thip or vefel entering

outwards or inwards ( except in ballast), to or from

any port or place inRuffia, or within the Baltic Sea

I 。

For every ton burthen of every ship or vessel entering

outwards or inwards ( except in ballast), to or from

any other port or place in Europe-

1

。

I

For every ton burthen of every ship or vessel entering

outwards or inwards (except in ballest) , to or from

any port or place within the limits of the charters

granted to the united company of merchants of

England trading to the East Indies

3

For every ton burthen of every ship or vessel entering

outwards or inwards ( except in ballast), to or from

the Cape ofGood Hope-

2

6

For every ton burthen of every ship or vessel entering

outwards or inwards ( except in ballast) , to or from

any port or place in Africa, not otherwise enume-

rated or described

For every ton burthen of every ship or vessel entering

outwards or inwards (except in ballast ), to or from

the island of Newfoundland, the islands of CapeBreton

and St. John, and the coast ofLabrador-

00

6

For every ton burthen of every ship or vessel entering

outwards or inwards (except in ballast) , to or from

any port or place in the united states ofAmerica,

any British island ,colony, or plantation in America,

or any other part of America not otherwise described o I

27Geo. 3 .

C. 13.

In all cafes in which any goods, wares, or merchandize, are

charged in any or either of the schedules, according to the

weight, tale, gauge , or measure , the duties granted by this act

shall be estimated and charged in proportion upon any greater

or less quantity than that specified .

CAP. XLIV.

An act for permitting French wines to be imported into Great

Britain in bottles or flasks, under certain restrictions. [May 7,

1802.]

WHEREAS by an at made in the twenty- seventh year of the

reign of hisprofent Majesty , intituled , An act for repealing

the several duties of customs and excise, and granting other du-

ties in licu thereof , and for applying the said duties, together

with the other daties composing the publick revenue ; for per-

mitting the importation of certain goods, wares, and merchandize , the produce or manufacture of the European dominions of

the French king, into this kingdom ; and for applying certain

unclaimed monies remaining in the exchequer , for the payment

of annuities on lives, to the reduction of the national debt, the importation

1802. ] Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III . C. 45. 527

importation of French wine into Great Britain was allowed for a

limital time, on payment of certain duties therein enumerated: and

whereas the said time bas expired , and it is expedient that French

wineshould be allowed to be imported under certain restrictions ; be

it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by

and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and tem-

poral, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and

bythe authority of the same , That , from and after the passing French wines

of this act , it shall be lawful for any person or persons what- in bottles or

ever to import or bring into Great Britain, as well for sale as flasks may be

impo : ted, on

for private use, directly from France any French wines in bottles payment of

or flasks, on payment of the several and respective duties in- the duties in-

ferted , described , and fet forth in the table and schedule annexed ferted in the

to the said recited act , marked C. and F., and all other duties schedule

annexed to

of customs orexcife now due and payable on the importation of recited act,

such wines by any other act or acts of parliament: provided markedC. and

always, That such wines shall be imported in British built ships F. , andall

duties

or vessels, owned, navigated, and registered according to law, imposed there

or in French built ships or vessels owned by and belonging on, and on

wholly to natives of France, and whereof the master and three- complying

fourths of the mariners at the least are natives of France, and with certain

in such manner, and under and according to such and the like conditions .

rules, regulations , conditions, and restrictions, and subject to

such and the like penalties and forfeitures, as are provided and

enacted in the said recited act, or any other act or acts of parliament relating to duties of customs and excise, so far as the

fame are applicable thereto.

१ .

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing But this act

contained in this act, or in an act passed in the thirty-ninth and nor 39 and 40

Geo. 3. c. 83 .

fortieth years of the reign of his present Majesty ,intituled , Anshall not per

alt for permitting French wines to be imported into this kingdom mit such

from the isles ofGuernsey, Jersey, or Alderney, in bottles orflasks, importation

shall extend , or be construed to extend, to permit the importa- packages of

than in

tion of any French wines in bottles or flasks, other than in fix dozen at

packages, each of which shall contain at the least fix dozen re- least of quart

puted quart bottles or flasks ; and in cafe any French wines in bottles or

bottles or flasks shall be imported in any other way, form , or flatks, on pain

offorfeiture .manner, or in any less quantity , the same shall and are hereby

declared to be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any

officer or officers of his Majesty's customs .

CAP. XLV.

An act to continue, until three months after any, restriction imposed

by any act of the present fession of parliament on the bank of England from issuing cash in paymentsshall cease , an at made in the

parliament of Ireland in the thirty- seventh year of the reign of his

present Majesty , for confirming and continuing the restrictions on

payments in cajh by the bank of Ireland - May 7, 1802. ]

HEREAS by Wan

act made in the parliament of Ireland in

the thirty- seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled ,

528 Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGIT III. C.46. [1802-

Irishact

tituled , An act for confirming and continuing , for a limited

37 Geo. 3 .

time, the restrictions contained in the minute of council of the

second day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-

seven , on payments in cash by the bank , it is amongst other

things enacted, that it shall not be lawful for the governor and company of the bank of Ireland to issue any cash in payment of any debt

or demand whatsoever, except according to the provisions therein contained; and that the said act shall be in force and have continuance

until three months after the restriction imposed by an act of the parliament of Great Britain on the governor and company of the bank

of England from issuing cash in payments shall cease , unless the lord

lieutenant or privy council of Ireland should by an order of council

direct that the said restriction on the governor and company of the

bank of Ireland should sooner cease: and whereas it is expedient to

continue for a further time the said act; may it therefore please your

Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the

King'smost excellent majesty, by and with the advice and con-

Recited act

sent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this

tohave continuance until

present parliament assembled , and by the authority of the same,

That the said recited act shall have continuance until three

three months

months after any restriction imposed or to be imposed by any

after the restriction on

act of the parliament of the united kingdom of Great Britain

the bank of

and Ireland made or to be made in this session of parliament, on

England shall cease,

the governor and company of the bank of England from illuing

unless anorder

cashin payments shall cease, unless the lord lieutenant and privy

incouncil

council of Ireland shall by an order ofcouncil direct that the said

shall direct

restriction on the governor and company of the bank of Ireland

otherwise .

shall sooner cease.

varied Act may be

II. And be it enacted, That this act may be repealed, altered,

repealed this or varied during the present session of parliament.

session.

CAP. XLVI .

An act to require overseers andguardians of the poor , to keep a re-

gifter of the several children who shall be bound or assigned by them

as apprentices ; and to extend the provisions of an act , passed in

the twentieth year of the reign of his present Majesty, to the bind-

ing of apprentices by houses of industry, or establishments for the

poor , which have been authorised so to do by subsequent acts.-

[ May 7, 1802. ]

43Eliz. c. 2.

WHEREASbyan alt , passed in the forty- third year of the

of Queen Elizabeth, intituled , An act for the relief

of the poor, the overseers of the poor of every parish are enabled to

bind out any poor children as apprentices, until every such poor male

childshall attain the age of twenty- four years, and until every such

female childshall attain the age of twenty- one years, or the time of

her marriage: and whereas it would tend to the benefit of the chil-

drenso bound as apprentices , if the overseers of the poor were required to keep a register of all children who shall be so bound: may

it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be

it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the

=

1802. ] Annoregni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 46 529

the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and

commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the fame, That the overseers of the poor of everyof thepoor

The overseers

parish , township, or place, appointed by virtue of the said re- shall, after

cited act , passed in the forty-third year of the reign of Queen June 1, keep a

Elizabeth , shall, from and after the first day of June, and they book for

are hereby required to provide and keep a book or books, at the entering the

expence of the said parish, township, or place, and to enter or na

name of every

cause to be entered therein, the name of every child who shall apprentice bound outby

be bound out by them respectively as an apprentice, together them, and each

with the several other particulars , in manner and form required entry shall be

by this act, according to the schedule hereunto annexed ; and signed by two

justices ac-

every such entry , when made in the said register, shall be pro- cording to the

duced and laid before the two justices of the peace who shall form in the

signify their afsent to the indenture of apprenticeship of every schedule.

such child , at the time when such indenture shall be laid before

such justices for their assent, as required by the said recited act ;

and each entry in the said register shall, if approved of by such

justices, be signed by them according to the form marked in the

schedule hereunto annexed.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any overseer or over- Penalty for

seers of the poor shall refuse or neglect to provide and keep such not providing such

book or books or to make such entry therein as before directed , neglecting to

or shall destroy, or permit, suffer , or cause to be destroyed, any make such

such book or books, or shall wilfully and knowingly obliterate , entries there-

deface, or alter any such entry, fo that the same shall not be a

in , &c.

true entry of the several particulars hereby required, or shall

wilfully and knowingly make a false entry therein, or shall fo

permit, suffer, or cause the same to be done , or shall not pro-

duce or lay such book or books before such justices as aforesaid

for their signatures, or shall not deliver or tender, or cause to be

delivered or tendered, such book or books to his, her, or their

successor or fuccessors in office, within fourteen days after the

appointment of such successor or fuccessors, or if any such fur-

cessor or fuccessors shall refuse or neglect to receive the same

when offered or tendered to him or them by his or their prede-

cessor or predecessors in office ,then and inevery such case, every

such person so offending shall, for every such offence , on being

convicted thereof before any two justices of the peace for the

county, city, or place where the offence shall be committed, on

the oath of any credible witness (which oath such justices are

hereby empowered and required to administer), or on the vo-

luntary confession of the party or parties, forfeit and pay a fum

not exceeding five pounds, to be recovered by distress and sale

of thegoods and chattels of the offender or offenders, by war-

rant under the hands and seals of the justices before whom the

offender or offenders thall be convicted, and the overplus ( if

any) of the money arising by such distress and sale, shall be re-

turned upondemand to the owner or owners of such goods and

chattels, after deducting the costs and charges of making, keep-

ing , and felling such distress; and such penalties and forfeitures

МмVOL, XLIII, shall

530 Annoregni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 46. [ 1802.

shall be applied for the use of the poor of the parish, township,

or place, for which such offender or offenders shall be overseer

or overseers ; and in case sufficient distress cannot be found, or

such penalties and forfeitures shall not be paid forthwith, it shall

and may be lawful to and for tuch justices, by warrant under

their hands and seals, and they are hereby required to commit

every such offender to the common goal or house of correction

of the county, city , or place where the offence shall be committed, there to remain without bail or mainprize, for any time

not exceeding one calendar month, unless such penalties and

forfeitures shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

Books maybe III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be law-

inspected , and ful for any person or persons, at all seasonable hours, to inspect

deemed evi-

such book or books in the hands of the said overseer or over-

dence.

seers, and to take a copy of such entry in such book or books,

upon payment of the sum of sixpence , except in case of any

of his Majesty'sjustices of the peace acting in and for the said

county, who shall be entitled at all such times to inspect such

book gratis; and every such book shall be and be deemed to be

sufficient evidence in all courts of law whatsoever, in proof of

the existence of such indentures, and also of the several parti-

culars specified in the said register respecting such indentures,

in case it shall be proved to the satisfaction of such court that the

said indentures are loft or have been destroyed.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the justices of the peace

before whom any person shall be convicted by virtue of this act,

shall and may cause the conviction to be drawn up in the follow-

ing form ; ( videlicet) ,

Form of

conviction .

BEit remembered, That on the in the year of our Lord

day of

A. B. is convicted before us, two of his Majesty's justices of

the peace for the [ Specifying the offence , and

the time and place when and where committed , as the cafe may be ]

contrary to an act made in the forty- second year of the reign of

King George the Third, intituled, [berefet forth the title of this

alt. ] Given under our hands and seals the day and year above

mentioned.

When assign- V. And be it further enacted, That whenever any such ap-

ment of apprentice shall be assigned or bound over to any other master or

prentices shall mistress by virtue of an act, passed in the thirty- second year of

take place, an

entry thereof the reign of his present Majesty , intituled, An altfor the further

thall be made regulation of parish apprentices , then and in every such cafe, the

infuch book overseer or overseers, party or parties to the assignment of

inmanner

herein

such apprentice , shall insert the name and residence of the master

directed.

or mistress to whom such apprentice shall be assigned or bound

over as aforesaid, together with the other particulars in the

book or books herein directed to be provided and kept by such

overseer or overseers ; and for non-performance thereof , every

such overseer or overseers shall be liable to the pains, penal

ties ,

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c . 46. 531

ties , and forfeitures incurred by this act , in like manner as

if such apprentice had been originally bound to such master or

mistress .

VI. And whereas by different acts of parliament the like powers

are given to certain persons therein named , for binding out parish ap-

prentices as are given to the overseers of the poor; be it therefore Personshaving

enacted , That such several persons shall be subject to the like like powers

pains, penalties, and forfeitures for non-compliance with the as overseers of

thepoor to

several provisions, and directions in this act contained for re- bind out ap-

giftering any parish apprentice bound out or assigned by them prentices shall

respectively, to which overseers of the poor are subject and liable complywith

the directions

by virtue of this act, for non-compliance with such provisions of his act.

and directions.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any person or per- Appeal may

fons shall think himself , herself, or themselves aggrieved by any

bemade to

thingdone in pursuance of this act, it shall and maybe lawful quarter

to and for such person or persons to appeal to the justices at the

first general quarter sessions of the peace to be holden for the

county or place where the cause of appeal shall arise, within

four calendar months next after the cause of appeal shall have

arisen, on giving to the person or persons appealed against ten

days notice of such appeal , and of the matter thereof ; and the

justices at such sessions are hereby authorised and required to

hear and determine the matter of such appeal in a summary way,

and to grant such costs and expences to either party as to them

shall seem reasonable .

VIII. And whereas by an act , passed in the twentieth year of his

present Majesty, the powers which were given by several preceding

acts of parliament to bind poor children apprentices are, by the said

all of the twentiethyear of his Majesty, extended as to the power of

compellingpersons to receive and provide for such poor children as

should be appointed to be bound apprentices to them in pursuance of the

Jaidprior acts : and whereasfince that time several acts have passed

by which houses of industry, or establishments for the poor, have been

authorised to bind apprentices ; and doubts bave arisen whether the

powers andprovisions in the said act of the twentieth of his Majesty , will extend to the case of apprentices so bound out under the

authority of such subsequent acts ; be it therefore enacted by the Thepowers of

authority aforesaid, That the several powers and provisions in 20Geo. 3.

c. 36. shall ex-

the said recited act of the twentieth of his Majesty contained ,tendtopoor

shall extend and are hereby extended, and shall have full effect , children

to poor children bound apprentices under the authority of any bound ap-

acts passed since the said recited act , in the same manner as ifprentices

under the au

such acts had passed prior to the said recited act of the twen- thority of any

tieth of his Majesty .

subsequent

act.

MM2 FORM

CAP.

FORM OF THE REGISTER .

Name of Per-

Date of Name ber . ture . appren-

tice .

Num- Inden of the Sex Age .

His or her Their Re-

Parents

sidence .

Names

signed , as the

Case may be .

ment .

Termof the Overseers

sons to whom His or her His or her Appren- Apprentice Parties to Magistrates

bound or as- Trade . Resi- ticeship or or Assign- the Inden-

assenting .

dence . Assign- ment Fee . ture or As-

signment .

( to be signed by themselves . )532 Annoregni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 46. [1802.

1

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 47. 533:

CAP. XLVII.

Anall to continue , until the twentieth day of May one thousand

eight hundred and three, and amend an act made in the last fefssion

of parliament relating to certain duties on sugar and coffee exported; for permitting British plantation sugar to be warehoused,

and for regulating and allowing drawbacks on sugar exported.-

[ May 10, 1802.]

WHEREAS an act was made in the last session of parliament,

intituled , An act for reviving, continuing ,until the twen- 41 Geo. 3 .

tieth day of May one thousand eight hundred and two, and c. 44 .

amending an act made in the thirty-ninth and fortieth years of

the reign of his present Majesty , intituled, ' An act to repeal

the duties on sugar and coffee exported, granted by an act passed

in the thirty - ninth year of his present Majesty's reign, for allow-

ing British plantation sugar to be warehoused ; for reviving fo

much of an act made in the thirty -second year of the reign of his

present Majesty, as relates to the ascertaining the average price

of sugar, and regulating the allowance of drawback on the exportation thereof; and for allowing certain drawbacks on sugar

exported, until the tenth day of May one thousand eight hundred and one:' and whereas the said alt has by experience been

found useful and beneficial, and it is expedient that the same should be

continued with amendments ; be it therefore enacted by the King's

most excellent majesty , by and with the advice and consent of

the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present Recited act

parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That continuedtill

the said act shall be continued until the tenth day of May one may May 10, 1803,

for London,

thousand eight hundred and three, for the port of London , and and May 20,

until the twentieth day of May one thousand eight hundred and 1803 , for

three, for other parts of Great Britain.

otherparts.

II . And be it further enacted, That if on the tenth day ofIf on certain

May, or on the tenth day of August, or on the ninth day ofdays it shall

appearby

November one thousand eight hundred and two respectively, or notice in the

any or either of the said days, it shall appear by notice in the LondonGa-

London Gazette , in manner directed in an act made in the thirty- zette, that the

second year of the reign of his present Majesty , intituled , An average

act for regulating the allowance of the drawback and payment of the prices of

or

bounty on the exportation offugar ; and for permitting the importa- Muscovado

tion of sugar and coffee into the Bahama and Bermuda islands in sugar for the

or

foreign ships , that the average prices of brown

Muscovado

six weeks

preceding ,

sugar , taken in manner directed by the said act for the six weeks thall not have

preceding, shall not have exceeded seventy thillings for an hun- exceeded 70s .

dred weight, exclusive of the duties of customs paid or payable percwt. the

drawback

thereon on the importation into Great Britain, then and in every bounty mend

such cafe the drawback and bounty in the schedule to the said tioned in the

act annexed, mentioned as corresponding to or with the price of schedule

which such notice in the London Gazette shall have been given herein refer-

as aforesaid, shall be paid and allowed, until notice of any other red to, shall be

paid accord-

average price shall be given in the London Gazette on the Satur- ing to certain

мм 3

day rules;

534 Annoregni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. c.47. [1802 .

day immediately preceding any other of such subsequent days ;

and such drawback and bounty shall be paid and allowed in like

manner in every respect, and subject to and under and according

to the like rules andregulations, restrictions , penalties, and for-

feitures, as any drawbacks and bounties were paid or allowed

before the passing of the said act of the thirty- ninth year of his

present Majesty, by any act or acts of parliament, (except as

and the

any such rules or regulations are altered by this act ) ; and the

drawback of whole of the duty granted by an act passed in the forty-first year

the whole

of the duty

of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An attfor granting

granted by

to his Majesty certain duties of customs on timber, sugar, raisins,

41 Geo. 3 .

and pepper, imported into, and on lead exported from, Great Bri-

c. 28. on fu-

tain, upon sugar imported into Great Britain by the united

gar imported

by the East

company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies,

India com-

and warehoused according to law, and fold at the sales of the

pany, shall be

said company, after the passing of his act, shall, upon the deli-

allowed .

very thereof out of the warehouses for exportation, during the

time of any drawbacks or bounties being paid or allowed under

this act, in respect of British plantation sugar, be wholly drawn

back under such rules, regulations , restrictions, penalties, and

forfeitures, as any former drawbacks are paid or allowed ; any

thing in the said act passed in the thirty-ninth year of the

reign of his present Majesty contained to the contrary not-

withstanding.

Bonds for the

III. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the

duties on fu-

gar imported passing of this act, and until the tenth day of May one thou-

after May 10, fand eight hundred and three, all bonds to his Majesty from the

1802, shall be importer or importers, proprietor or proprietors , consignee or

payable with consignees of any British plantation sugar, for the payment of

51. per cent.

interest, with the duties chargeable upon any such sugar imported into any

infix months. port in Great Britain, at any time after the tenth day of May

one thousand eight hundred and two, and warehoused, shall be

made payable, together with interest at and after the rate of

five pounds per centum per annum, upon the amount of such du-

ties, within six months from the date thereof; and if the im-

porter or importers, proprietor or proprietors, consignee or

consignees of such sugar, shall omit, neglect, or refuse to pay

and satisfy all the duties due and payable in respect of such sugar,

within six months from the date of any bond given under this

act for the payment of the duties upon such sugar as aforesaid,

unless further time shall be given by the said commissioners of

customs pursuant to the provisions of this act, it shall he lawful

for the commissioners of the customs in England and Scotland

respectively, at the expiration of such periods as aforesaid , to

cause such sugar to be publickly fold to the best bidder, at such

places as the said commissioners of the customs in England and

Scotland respectively shall think proper , and out of the proceeds

of such sale to satisfy such duties, together with the interest due

thereon ; and all such expences as shall have arisen relating to

any such sugar, and the overplus ( if any be) shall be paid to the

importer or importers, proprietor or proprietors, consignee or consignees

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 47. 535

consignees of such sugar, or such other person or persons as shall

be authorised to receive the fame.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall Commissioners of the

be lawful for the commissioners of his Majesty's customs inEng - customs may

land and Scotland respectively, and they are hereby authorised, extend the

upon application made for that purpose, and on proof to the time ofpay-

satisfaction of the said commissioners, that the sugars in respect ment of such

whereof the application is made, remain unfold, to give three bonds three months,

months further time for the payment of the duties payable on

any such sugars, or upon any part of such fugars, in case the

person making application shall be desirous of paying the duties

in part of such fugárs ; and in any such case it shall be lawful for

the said commissioners to take any new bond or bonds, and to

permit the sugars in respect whereof any such bond shall be

given , to remain in any warehouse , under the provisions of this

act , for such further period of three months, and if at the expi-

ration of any such further period of three months, the duties on

such sugars, together with the interest thereon, at the rate

aforesaid , on such duties, shall not be paid, it shall be lawful

for the said commissioners to fell such sugar for payment of the

duties and interest due thereon, and costs and charges aforesaid ,

in like manner as is herein-before directed .

V. Provided also, and be it enacted, That it shall and may The stamp

be lawful to deduct and retain out of the principal and interest duty only

be al-

that may become due on any bond that shall have been or shall lowed on such

be taken in pursuance of the said act passed in the thirty-ninth bonds.

and fortieth years of the reign of his present Majesty , or of the

last session of parliament , or of this act, the stamp duties only

that shall have been paid on such bond ; any thing in the said

act of the last session of parliament to the contrary thereof not-

withstanding .

VI. And whereas doubts have arisen as to the drawbacks and

allowances to be allowed and given in respect of sugar and coffee exported from Great Britain to Ireland, since the passing of the said

act of the last fession of parliament , and it is expedient that such

doubts should be removed ; be it therefore enacted, That all the Drawback of

duties that shall have been or shall be paid, or that shall have or duties on fu-

shall become payable on the importation of sugar and coffee into gar and coffee exported to

Great Britain, shall be drawn back upon and in respect of all Ireland, shall

sugar and coffee that shall have been since the patling of the said be allowed.

act of the last session of parliament, or that shall be exported from

Great Britain to Ireland ; any thing in the act of the last session

of parliament, or any other act or acts of parliament, to the

contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted, That this act may be altered, Act may be

varied, or repealed, by any act to be passed in this present seffion altered or

of parliament. repealedthis

session .

!

MM4

CAP.

536 Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. c. 48. [1802 .

CAP. XLVIII.

An alt for enabling his Majesty to settle an annuity of twelve thou-

fond pounds on his royal highness the duke of Sussex, anda like

annuity of twelve thousand pounds on his royal highness the duke of

Cambridge, during his Majesty's pleasure.- [May 24, 1802.]

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE , your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the

commons of the united kingdom of Great Britain and

Ireland in parliament assembled, having taken into considera-

tion your Majesty's most gracious message, wherein your Majesty has been pleased to express your desire ofmaking compe-

tent provision for the honourable support and maintenance of

your dearly-beloved sons the duke of Sussex and the duke of

Cambridge, which the monies applicable to the purposes of your

Majesty's civil government would be insufficient to defray; do

most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and

be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and

with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and tem-

poral, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and

His Majesty by the authority of the same, That it shall and may be law-

maygrant to ful to and for the King's most excellent majesty, by any warrant

of

Sussex and the or warrants under his royal sign manual , to give and grantunto

dukeofCam- their royal highnesses the duke of Sussex and the duke of Cam-

bridge, anaui- bridge respectively, his Majesty's sixth and feventh fons, for and

ties of12,000l. during his Majesty's royal will and pleasure, two several annui-

each, from

Jan. 5, 1802, ties, not exceeding to each of them twelve thousand pounds of

payable quar- lawful money of Great Britain, which may severally commence

teily out of and take effect from the fifth day of January one thousand eight

the consoli.

dated fund.

hundred and two, and shall be respectively paid quarterly, at

the four usual days of payment in the year ; that is to say, the

fifth day of April , the fifth day of July, the tenth day of October,

A

and the fifth day of January, in every year ; and that the said

respective annuities shall and may, by such warrant or warrants,

be directed to be issued and payable out of , and charged and

chargeable upon, the consolidated fund of Great Britain, (after

paying , or reserving sufficient to pay, all such sum and fums of

money as hath or have been directed to be paid out of the fame

by any former act or acts of parliament, but with preference to

all other payments which shall or mayhereafter be charged upon

and payable out of the said fund).

The annuities

II. And be it further enacted, That the said respective an-

tobe paid at nuities of twelve thousand pounds each shall, during his Ma-

the exchequer without fees ;

jesty's royal will and pleasure, be

paid and payable at the receipt

and tobe

of his Majesty's exchequer, out of the said fund; and the audi-

free from all tor of the said receipt shall, and he is hereby required by virtue

taxes.

of such warrant or warrants, to make forth and pass debentures,

from time to time , for paying the said respective annuities, as

the same shall become due and payable , without any fees or charges

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. c. 54. 537

charges to be demanded or taken for paying the same, or any

part thereof; and the respective acquittance or acquittances,

receipt or receipts, of their said royal highnesses, or of such

other person or persons as shall be by them respectively authorifed and appointed to receive such respective annuities, or any

part thereof , shall be a good and sufficient discharge for the payment thereof; and the said debentures to be made forth and

passed upon the said warrant or warrants shall be a sufficient

authority to the several and respective officers of the receipt of

the exchequer now and for the time being , for the payment of

the said respective annuities to their said royal highnesses, during

the continuance of the fame , without any further or other war-

rant to be sued for , had, or obtained , in that behalf; and that

the said respective annuities so to be given and granted shall be

free and clear from all taxes, rates, and assessments, and all other

charges whatsoever.

CAP. XLIX.

An act for defraying the charge of the pay of the militia in England, for

theyear one thousand eight hundred andtwo.- [May 24 , 1802.]

CAP. L.

An act for continuing an act, made in this session of parliament, intituled, An act for punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better

payment of the army and their quarters, within the united kingdom,

and the islands of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark and Man.-

[ May 24, 1802.]

CAP. LI.

An act for continuing, until the twenty- fifth day of June one thousand

eight hundred and two, an act made in this session of parliament, for

the regulation of his Majesty's marine forces while onshore.-[May

24 , 1802.]

CAP. LII .

An act for further continuing, until the first day of February one thou-

fand eight hundred and six, an act , made in the twenty-seventh year

of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act to enable the lord

high treasurer , or commissioners of the treasury, for the time being,

to let to farm the duties granted by an act, made in the twenty- fifth

year of hispresent Majesty's reign , on horses let to hire for travelling

post , andbytime , to such persons as should be willing to contract for

the fame.-- [May 24 , 1802. ]

CAP. LIII .

An act to indemnify persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for

offices or employments in Ireland according to law . -[May 24, 1802.]

CAP. LIV.

An act for granting to his Majesty a certain fum of money, to be raised

by lotteries.-[May 28, 1802. ]

1,455,000l. to be raised by three lotteries to consist of 100,000 tickets,

at 141. 118. each. All persons who have made deposits of Il. Ios. for each

538 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 54. [ 1802 .

each ticket pursuant to the resolution of the house of commons are required to pay the remainder of the subscription for the tickets in the

three lotteries at the times following ; (viz .) for 24,000tickets in the first

lottery 41. on May 28, 1802; 41. on June 30; and sl. 18. on July 23 .

And for the tickets in the second lottery 41. on September 3, 4l. on

October 1, and 5l. Is. on November 12. And for the tickets in the

third lottery 41. on January 14, 1803, 41. on February 1, and sl. Is. on

March 24 ; and the contributors for every 141. IIS. advanced shall be en-

titled to such share upon each fortunate ticket as is herein mentioned ;

and those that pay the whole contribution money towards the first lottery

before June 29, 1802 ; or those who pay the whole money towards the

second lottery before Sept. 30, 1802 ; or those who pay the whole money

towards the third lottery before February 10, 1803, to be allowed dif-

count at 41. per cent, per annum, from theday on which such payments

shall have been actually made to July 23, 1802, in respect of the first

lottery, to November 12, 1802, for the second lottery, and March 24,

1803, for the third lottery, and to have tickets delivered at 141. 118.

Cashier togive security to the satisfaction of the commissioners of the

treasury ; and to pay all monies received into the exchequer. Commif-

fioners of the treasury empowered to apply the money paid in by the

cashier. 300, oool. to be retained by the treasury towards payment of

the fortunate tickets, and 185,000l, may be applied to the services of

Ireland. 900, oool. to be divided into prizes and paid out of the fup.

plies granted this session. Managers and directors of the lotteries shall

be appointed by the treasury. Method of the lottery books . Mana-

gers to examine the books, with the tickets, and deliver them to the

cashiers of the bank, taking a receipt for the fame. Cashier to return

thebooks, with the undisposed tickets, and account of money received

and paid in. Undisposed tickets to be delivered into the exchequer.

Tickets of the middle columns to be rolled up, and fastened with thread

or silk ; and cut off indentwife into a box marked with the letter( A)

andput into another box to be locked up and fealed. Books for the first

lottery to be prepared with two columns, on each of which 24,000 tickets

are to be printed. The number and value of the fortunate tickets.

Four prizes of 1,000l. eight of 500l. twenty of Iool. forty-one of 501.

seven thousand and fifty of 191. -5,000l. to the owner of the fuft drawn

ticket on the first day; 2,0ool . to the owner of the first drawn ticket on

the second day ; 10,000l. to the owner of the first drawn ticket on the

third day; 20,000l. to the owner of the first drawn ticket on the fourth

day; 5,000l. to the owner of the first drawn ticket on the fifth day;

2,000l. to the owner of the first drawn ticket on the sixth day ; 20,000l.

to the owner of the first drawn ticket on the seventh day; and 10,000l.

to the owner of the first drawn ticket on the eighth day. Tickets in the

outermost column of the last mentioned books to be rolled up and tied ,

and cut off into a box marked with the letter ( B) , &c . Publick notice

to be given of putting the tickets into boxes . First lottery to begin

drawing on August 2, 1802. Method to be observed in drawing, &c .

Number of the fortunate tickets and the sums to be printed. Disputes

to be adjusted by the managers. Forging tickets, &c. felony. Offen-

ders( not inprifon ) discovering persons guilty, to receive a pardon , and

50l. reward. Managers to be sworn. Cashier may receive the sums

subscribed, giving a note for the fame ; which shall entitle the bearer to

a ticket for every 141. 11s. paid. After May 28, 1802, the cashier may

deliver tickets not exceeding in value half of the fum actually fub-

scribed ; and shall give receipts for the residue of such sums, after value

of the tickets so delivered. Contributors not making good their payments within the times limited, forfeit their depoûts, and the tickets to

be returned to the managers, &c. Commissioners of the treasury may

reward the managers, &c. as they shall think fit. The 900,000l. for

the payment of the fortunate tickets to be charged on any supplies

granted this session, and shall be paid to the proprietors, without any

deduction, within two months after the conclusion of the drawing, &c.

Managers to give notice of the time for exchanging tickets for certi-.

ficates.

! 1802. ] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 54. 539

ficares . Certificates to be numbered, &c. and signed, &c. Treasury

empowered to defray the incidental expences attending the execution of

this act. No fee to be taken for receiving or paying contribution monies,

for receipts, &c. on penalty of 20l. No person to take down the num-

bers of the tickets at the time of drawing, unless employed as a clerk

bythe managers, or licensed so to do. Persons so licensed to receive

from the stamp office numerical books, which shall be stamped on every

leaf . Commissioners to grant such licences only on account of licensed

lottery offices. Five pounds penalty on unlicensed persons taking down

or publishing the numbers of tickets drawn, &c. On complaint, the

magistrates of London may grant warrants for apprehending offenders .

Persons in the actual commission of such offence may be apprehendedby

anyperson, and carried before a magistrate, who may commit the of-

fender if the penalty be not paid. Fifty pounds penalry on persons tum-

moned as winesses not appearing, &c. 22Geo. 3. C. 47. and to much

of two Irish acts, 33 and 35 Geo. 3. as relates to the granting of licences

to lottery office keepers repealed. Licences for lottery offices to cease

onpaffing of this act. Persons before dealing in lottery tickets thall

take out a licence. Commissioners for stamps in England and Ireland

shall grant licences for lottery offices on payment of the duty mentioned

in this act. Commissioners for stamps in England shall allow an abatement for the time former licences have to run. Licence to continue in

forceuntil May 5, 1803. No licence to be granted for any lottery of-

fice within the universities of Oxford and Cambridge. Licensed persons

shalldepofit and divide into shares 30 tickets in each of the three lotteries,

or licence shall be void, &c. Licented persons not having the words

Licensed to deal in Lottery Tickets , on the front of their shop, hall forfeit

20l . each day. 201. penalty on unlicensed persons, &c. having such

words thereon. Períons keeping an office contrary to licence shall for-

feit 100l. Persons to whom licences are granted to give security by

bond. Commissioners of stamps thall not be required to grant a licence

for dealing in lottery tickets, unless it shall appear that the party is able

to answer the penalty required bylaw , and in England unless he thall

have deposited 30 tickets, &c. Executors, &c. may be authorised to

carryonbusiness for the residue of the term of licences. Persons convicted ofoffences against this act thall forfeit their licence. Persons

counterfeiting licences , or using such as are counterfeited shall forfeit

sool. Time for transacting business in lottery offices from eight in the

morning to eight in the evening, and persons acting otherways shall for-

feit sol. No chances of any tickets for any lets time than the whole

time of drawing shall be fold, or insurance made for or against the

drawing of any ticket; nor shall any person publish any proposal for

such purpose , onpenalty of sol. &c. No tickets to be divided into any

other shares than halves, quarters, eighths, and sixteenths, on penalty

of sol . Application and recovery of penalties. Persons counterfeiting

shares, &c. guilty of felony. Commissioners of stamps shall establish an

office in London or Westminster for the deposit of tickets intended to be

fold in shares, &c. Receiver general to give a receipt for the fame, which

thall notbetransferrable. Books shall be kept by the receiver for re-

giftering such tickets, which may be inspected on paying two-pence.

Receiver general shall be paid two-pence for every share into which the

ticketdepofited shall be divided. Persons felling shares, otherwise than

onftampedpaper , &c. thall forfeit sol. Tickets so deposited in Great

Britain or Ireland, for the purpose ofbe being told in shares, shall continue

in possession of the receiver general for certain periods. Application of

the fees received at the stamp office in Great Britain . Account shall be

kept in the auditor's office separate from other monies. Application of

the money received on account of licences to keep lottery offices in Ireland. Persons preparing or having in their custody any register or lift

of tickets, but as particularized in this act, or keeping any place for examining tickets, by any other than such lifts, &c. shall forfeit sol .

Managers and directors of the lottery may appoint, with the approba-

tion of the treasury , the number of tickets in the second and third lotteries ,

540 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 55. [ 1802.

lotteries, and the number and value of the fortunate tickets, &c. also

thetimeand place of drawing, and give notice thereof in the London

Gazette. Each of the said lotteries shall be drawn in eight days, with

such intervals as shall be appointed. Regulations directed tobe observed

in the first lottery shall apply to the others . On complaint on oath of

offences against 27Geo. 3. c. 1. whereby the parties may be liable to

punishment as rogues, justices may authorise persons to break open

houses, &c. Persons discovered in such houses concerned in carrying on

illegal transactions, to be punished as rogues, and maybe arrested, &c.

Penalty on persons obstructing officers. Persons employing or aiding

others to carry on such illegal transactions, to be deemed rogues and

vagabonds. Manner in which actions for penalties shall be commenced .

Where the amount of penalties sued for is not inserted inwrits, the de-

fendant to be served with acopy of the process, &c. Offenders adjudged

rogues and vagabonds may be committed. Proceedings not removeable

by certiorari . General issue. Treble costs .

CAP. LV.

An act for making allowances in certain cases tofubaltern officers of the

militia during peace. -[May 28, 1802.] .

W THEREAS it is expedient to makesome addition to thepay of

certainfubaltern officers of the militia forces in England

during peace, under certain regulations ; may it therefore please

your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the

King'smost excellent majesty, by and with the advice and con-

sent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this

present parliament assembled , and by the authority of the same,

From the paf .

That , from and after the passing of this act, certain annual al-

fingof the

lowances, over and above the pay to which during peace they

act, the fubal

terns of the

are now by law entitled, shall for the future be allowed and paid

militia to

to fubaltern officers of the militia, of the descriptions, to the

havecertain amount, under the restrictions, and in the manner herein- after

annual allow- expressed; (that is to say ), to every fubaltern officer of the

ances over the militia, who having , at any time previous to the expiration of

paythey may four months from the passing of an act of the last session ofpar-

entitled

during peace, liament, intituled , An act for making allowances in certain cafes to

Subaltern officers of the militia in time ofpeace , been appointed to

acommissionin the militia, is now serving and shall have continued faithfully to serve in the fame corps, until the disem-

bodying thereof , the following annual allowances, over and

above the pay to which they may be by law entitled during peace,

shall be allowed and paid without any deductions of any kind,

or for any purpose whatsoever; ( that is to say), to a lieutenant

twenty-five pounds per annum, and to an ensign twenty pounds

per annum, in the manner herein- after mentioned: provided al-

ways, That all such officers of the militia who shall hold the

rank of captain-lieutenant, shall be deemed to be lieutenants for

the purposes of this act .

Exceptions.

II . Provided always, and be it further enacted , That no per-

fon who is or shall at any time hereafter become poffefsed of

such an estate or income, as would by law qualify him to hold

acaptain's commission in the militia, or who is or shall at any

time

1802.) Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 55. 541

timehereafter be appointed adjutant or battalion clerk in any

regiment or corps of militia, nor any person deriving in any

way whatsoever, otherwise than as a subaltern officer of the

militia , any income, stipend, or allowance whatever from the

publick , nor any officer on the full or half pay of the navy,

army , or marines, who shall also hold a subaltern's commission,

and have served as aforesaid in the militia , shall have or be in

anywise entitled to the said annual allowances, or any part or

share thereof ; any thing herein contained to the contrary there-

ofin anywise notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted , That the fubaltern officers of Subalterns to

the militia , who shall claim under the authority of this act to lowing

take thefol-

receive either of the said annual allowances, shall, previous to

receiving the fame , and in order to entitle themselves thereto,

annually take and subscribe an oath before some one of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the county, riding, or place, to

which the regiment or corps in which they serve shall belong,

in the words or to the effect following; ( videlicet),

' IA. B. do swear, That I am now serving as a [captain- Oath.

lieutenant, lieutenant, or ensign, as the cafe may be] in the

regiment [or corps] of militia, and that I am

not in my own right, or in theright of my wife, nor have been

since the disembodying of the said regiment [or corps, ] in the

actual possession and enjoyment or receipt of the rents and profits

of lands, tenements, or hereditaments of such an annual value

above reprizes, as would qualify me to hold a captain's commission in the militia; that I am not, nor have been, since the

disembodying of the said regiment [or corps] an adjutant or bat-

talion clerk in any regiment [or corps] of militia ; that I do

not hold or enjoy, nor have I held or enjoyed, nor does or has any

person for me hold or enjoy, or held or enjoyed, since the disem-

bodying the said regiment [or corps] , any office or income whatso-

ever from the publick ; and that I am not entitled either to the full

or half pay of the navy, army, or marines, nor have been since

the disembodying of the said regiment [or corps] .

So help me GOD. '

Whichoath ,so taken and subscribed , shall be by the saidjustice Justices to

transmit oaths

forthwith certified and transmitted, and he is hereby required to to the receiver

certify and transmit the same to the receiver general of the land general of the

tax of the county, riding, or place, to which the regiment or land tax for

corps of militia in which such subaltern officer shall be then the county.

serving shall belong, to be by him filed and preserved for the

purposes herein-after mentioned.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every subaltern officer Subalterns to

of the militia who shall be entitled, or claim to be entitled to attend the

annual exer-

the benefits of this act , shall regularly attend the annual exer- cife, on pain

cife and training of the regiment or corps to which he belongs, of forfeiting

during the whole of the time by law appointed for that purpose, the allowance

and thall , during the said time , punctually do and perform his and their pay.

duty as a subaltern officer of such regiment or corps, on pain of

542 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGIIIII.c.55. [1802.

of forfeiting the said annual allowance, as well as the rest of his

pay, and every part thereof which may be due for the current

Certificates of year, in which he shall neglect or refuse to attend, and certifi-

suchattend-

cates of his having so attended and performed his duty, signed

ance to be

transmitted

by the commanding officer of the regiment or corps to which

bythe commanding offi-

he may belong, shall be transmitted by the said commanding

officer to the lieutenant and receiver general of the land tax of

cer to the

the county, riding, or place to which the said regiment or corps

lieutenant and of militia in which such subaltern officer shall be then serving

receiver

general of the shall belong , to be by the said receiver general received previous

land taxfor

to any such fubaltern officer being entitled to demand or receive

the county.

the said annual allowance, or any part thereof ; and in case any

Incafe of

leave of ab-

such fubaltern officer, claiming to be entitled to such annual

fence , the

allowance, thall by his commanding officer be permitted or fuf-

reason for

fered, for any special cause or unavoidable necessity , to be ab-

granting it to

sent during the whole or any part of such annual exercise, ( in

beinferted in

the certifi-

which case it shall be lawful for such commanding officer to

cate, which

grant such leave of absence, and for such subaltern officer who

must also be

may be so permitted to be absent, to demand and receive the

sent to the

said annual allowance, and every part thereof , in like manner

secretary of

as if he had attended during the whole of the said annual exer-

state.

cife, ) the reasons for such absence, as well as the duration

thereof , shall be carefully and truly specified in the certificates

before mentioned, signed by the commanding officer, to be

transmitted as soon as conveniently may be to the lieutenant of

the county , riding, or place , to which the regiment or corps

shall belong, to the receiver general of the land tax for the fame

county , riding, or place, and to one of his Majesty's principal

secretaries of state.

If militia be

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, that in cafe

not called out

to annual

any regiment or corps of militia, after the disembodying there-

exercise, the of , at any time shall not be called out for the annual exercise

subalterns still and training thereof , every subaltern officer belonging to any

tobe entitled such regiment or corps, and coming within the descriptions of

to theallow this act , who shall have taken and subscribed the oath herein-

ance.

before mentioned, before any such justice of the peace as afore

said, shall be entitled to the said annual allowance, as if such

fubaltern officer had regularly attended the annual exercise and

training of such regiment or corps , during the whole of the time

by law appointed for that purpose, and a certificate of such

attendance, signed by the commanding officer of the said regiment or corps, had been transmitted to the lieutenant and re-

ceiver general of the land tax for the county , riding, or place

to which such regiment or corps belong , according to the directions of this act; any thing contained in this act to the contrary

hereof notwithstanding.

Allowances to

bepaidwith-

cutdeduc-

tion .

VI. And be it further enacted , That upon such certificates

as aforesaid of such justice of the peace and commanding officer

as aforesaid, or (where any regiment or corps of militia hall

not have been called out to their annual exercise as aforesaid,)

upon a certificate of any such justice of the peace only being

produced

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III . C. 55. 543

produced to or received by the respective receivers general of

the land tax, it shall and maybe lawful for such receivers general, and they are hereby authorised and required to pay to the

said fubaltern officers, according to their respective commissions

of lieutenant or ensign, the annual allowance above mentioned,

in addition to their pay, without any deduction whatsoever, out

of any publick monies in their hands , and to charge the same

in their respective annual accounts of money disbursed for the

use of the publick; the certificates before mentioned to be by

them preserved and produced among the vouchers for the payments from time to time made by them in pursuance of this

act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the subaltern officers Subalterns

of the militia, entitled or claiming to be entitled to the benefits not attending

of this act, shall at all times be liable to serve in the respective whencalled

upon to for-

regiments or corps to which they belong , whenever the same feit their

shall be embodied , and called out upon actual service ; and in claims.

case of neglect or refusal to attend when called upon, or in cafe

any such subaltern officer shall a second time neglect or refuse to

attend , and perform his duty at the annual exercise as before

directed, each and every such subaltern officer shall forfeit his

and their claim to the said annual allowance, and every part

thereof , in all time to come , and shall also be considered as

having resigned and vacated his and their commission and commissions to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That Surgeons who

every surgeon of militia, who at the time of passing this act hold commif-

fions as lieute-

shall be entitled to the benefit thereof , by reason of his holding nants and

a commission of lieutenant or ensign in the militia of the date ensigns, to

required by this act, may and shall continue to receive the like receive such

allowance and under the like regulations as is herein-before di- allowances .

rected, in regard to the lieutenants and ensigns of militia respectively, so long as he shall do the duty offurgeon in the

regiment , battalion, or corps to which he now belongs, not-

withstanding he may hereafter cease to hold such subaltern's

commission as aforesaid .

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said several annual Allowances to

allowances shall be paid to the persons respectively entitledbe paid by

receivers

thereto , bythe receivers general of the land tax, upon the pro- general on

duction of the before-mentioned several certificates, as soon production of

after the times of the annual exercise and training as may be certificate.

convenient and practicable: provided always, That nothing in Subalterns

this act contained shall extend , or be construed to extend, to may receive

prevent any fubaltern officer entitled to the benefit of it, from payfor attend-

ing annual

receiving the pay allowed by law for his attendance at such an- exercise,

nual exercise as before-mentioned, over and above the said

annual allowance: provided also, That nothing in this act con- but not en-

titled to the

tained shall extend, or be construed to extend , to entitle anyallowance

subaltern officer as aforesaid to the said annual allowance, or any while the

part thereof , during the time the regiment or corps to which militia is em-

hebelongs shall be embodied or called out on actual service: bodied.

provided

544 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III . c. 55. [ 1802 .

Allowance to provided also, That this act, and the benefits and allowances

extend only therein contained, shall not extend, or be construed to extend ,

to a certain

number. to more than ten lieutenants in any regiment consisting of more

thanten companies; to more than nine lieutenants in any regiment consisting of more than eight and less than eleven companies ; to more than eight lieutenants in any regiment consist-

ing of more than fix and less than nine companies ; to more

than five lieutenants in any regiment , battalion, or corps, con-

fifting of fix or of a less number of companies.

Senior lieute- X. And be it further enacted, That in cafe in any regiment,

nants to have battalion, or corps of the militia, at the time of disembodying

the preference, thereof , there shall happen to be a greater number of lieute-

and junior

to succeedon nants, coming within the descriptions of this act , than can be

vacancies, entitled toclaim the benefits thereof , within the true intent and

meaning of the foregoing proviso, the senior lieutenants of such

number shall always be preferred, and shall be alone entitled to

demand and receive the above- mentioned allowances, and that

the junior lieutenants shall succeed to such allowances in rota-

tion as vacancies may happen among the said senior lieutenants

from time to time.

26Geo. 3 .

C. 107.

XI. And whereas by an act of parliament, passed in the twenty-

sixthyear of the reign of his present Majesty , intituled , An act for

amending, and reducing into one act of parliament, the laws

relating to the militia in that part of Great Britain called England , it is enacted , that the lieutenant of any county, riding, or place ,

together with any three or more deputy lieutenants, and on the death

or removal , or in the absence of any such lieutenant, any five or more

deputy lieutenants, mayat the end of every five years, at their annual

meetings to be holden as in the said act mentioned , in case the militia

of such county, riding, or place , shall not be then embodied, discharge a

certain number of officers for the purposes and in the manner in the

Powers of

Said act mentioned: and whereas it is not expedient that the powers

recited act

for discharg.

so given by the said recited act should extend to fubaltern officers coming

ingofficers

within the description , and entitled to the benefits of this act; be it

atthe end of

therefore enacted and declared, That nothing in the said recited

every five

act contained shall extend or be construed to extend, to empower

years, not to

extendto fubalterns en

the lieutenant, or deputy lieutenants of any county, riding, or

place , to discharge any such subaltern officers as are or may be

titled to

entitled to the benefits of his act , according to the true intent

allowances .

and meaning thereof , or any of them .

Continuance

XII. And be it further enacted, That this act shall continue

of his act.

in force until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight

hundred and three, and no longer.

CAP. LVI.

Anatt to repealan aft , passed in the twenty- fifth year of the reign

of his present Majesty, for grantingstamp duties on certain medi-

cines, and for charging other duties in lieu thereof ; and for

1

making effectual provision for the better collection of the said duties.

- [June 3, 1802. ]

WHEREAS

1802. ] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 56. 545

WH THEREAS an alt was made

in the twenty-fifth year of the

reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for repealing 25Geo. 3 .

anact made in the twenty-third year of the reign of his present c. 79.

Majesty , intituled, An act for granting to his Majesty a stamp

duty on licences, to be taken out by certain persons uttering or

vending medicines; and certain stamp duties onall medicines fold

under such licences, or under the authority of his Majesty's

letters patent,' and for granting other duties in lieu thereof:

and whereas the duties granted by the said act are much evaded , and

it will be for the advantage of the publick to repeal all the rates and

duties granted by the said oft , and to grant to your Majesty the several

new rates and duties herein-after mentioned , and to make effectual

provisions for the collecting thereof, we therefore your Majesty's most

dutiful and loyal subjects , the commons of the united kingdom of Great

Britain and Ireland in parliament assembled , do most humbly beseech

your Majesty that it may be enalted ; and be it enacted by the

King'smost excellent majesty, by and with the advice and con-

fent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this

present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same,

That, from and after the first day of September one thousand From Sept. 1,

eight hundred and two, all the several rates and duties imposed 1802 , the

duties im-

bythe said act of the twenty -fifth year of the reign of his pre- posed by the

sent Majesty shall cease , determine, and be no longer paid or recited act

payable, and that then and from thenceforth all the powers and shall cease,

incurred be-

authorities given and granted by the said act, or by any fuble- except arrears

quent act relating to the said rates and duties for the levying, fore that day,

raising, or accounting for the same, and all penalties and for-

feitures relating thereto, shall also cease, determine, and be no

- longer put in execution, save and except always as to any ar-

rears of the said several rates and duties, or either of them,

which may, on the first day of September one thousand eight

hundred and two, remain unpaid, or to any fine, penalty, or

forfeiture , fines, penalties, or forfeitures relating thereto, which

shall have been incurred at any time before or on the first day

of September one thousand eight hundred and two, and the

several powers, provisions, and remedies for recovering the fame

respectively.

II. And be it further enacted , That , from and after the said and instead

first day of Semptember one thousand eight hundred and two, following thereof , the

there shall be raised, levied, and paid throughout Great Britain duties shall be

untoand to the use of his Majesty, his heirs, and successors , the paid, viz .

several rates and duties following; that is to say , for and upon For every

every packet, box, bottle, pot, phial, or other inclosure , con- packet, &c.

ofmedicines

taining any drugs, herbs, pills, waters, essences, tinctures, pow- not exceeding

ders, or other preparation or composition whatsoever, used or is. in value

applied, or to be used or applied externally or internally as id. 29.:

medicines or medicaments for the prevention, cure, or relief of

anydisorder or complaint incident to or in anywise affecting the

human body, which shall be uttered or vended in Great Britain,

there shall be charged a stamp duty according to the rates fol-

NNVOL, XLIII. lowing;

546 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 56. [1802.

lowing; ( that is to say , ) where such packet, box , bottle, pot,

phial, or other inclosure as aforesaid, with its contents, shall

not exceed the price or value of one ( hilling, there shall be

Above Is . and charged a stamp duty of one penny halfpenny; and where such

not above

packet, box, bottle, pot, phial, or other inclosure as aforesaid ,

28. 6d. -3d .: with its contents, shall exceed the price or value of one shilling,

and not exceed the price or value of two shillings and sixpence,

Above 2s . 6d. there shall be charged a stamp duty of three-pence; and where

4s . -6d.: and not above such packet, box, bottle, pot, phial, or other inclosure, as aforesaid, with its contents, shall be above the price or value of two

shillings and sixpence, and not exceed the price or value of four

Above4s. and Millings, there shall be charged a stamp duty of sixpence; and

not above 10s . where any such packet, box, bottle, pot , phial , or other inclo-

-IS.:

fure, with the contents, shall be above the price or value of

four shillings, and not exceed the price or value of ten shil-

Above 108.

lings, there shall be charged a stamp duty of one shilling; and

and not above where any such packet, box, bottle, pot, phial, or other inclo-

208. - 28 .:

fure , with its contents, shall be above the price or value of ten

shillings, and not exceed the price or value of twenty shillings,

Above 20s.

and not above

308.-38 .:

there shall be charged a stamp duty of two shillings; and where

any such packet, box, bottle, pot , phial, or other inclosure aforesaid, with its contents, shall be above the price or value of

twenty shillings, and not exceed the price or value of thirty

shillings, there shall be charged a stamp duty of three shillings;

Above 308 .

and where any such packet, box, bottle , pot , phial, or other in-

and not above closure aforesaid, with its contents, shall be above the price or

508. -108 .:

value of thirty shillings, and not exceed the price or value of

fifty shillings, there shall be charged a stamp duty of ten shil-

And above

508. -205 .

lings; and where any such packet , box , bottle, pot, phial , on

other inclosure as aforesaid , with its contents, shall be above the

price or value offifty shillings, there shall be paid a stamp duty

Duties to be

of twenty shillings.

III. And be it further enacted, That the rates and duties by

paid bythe

owners of

this act granted, shall be payable and paid by the owners and

suchdrugs be-

proprietors, or makers and compounders, or original and first

fore exposed

vendors of such drugs, herbs, oils, waters, essences, tinctures,

to sale , &c.

powders , or other preparations or compositions aforesaid, and

shall be charged upon and payable and paid in respect of the

fame , and of every packet, box, bottle, pot, phial, or other in-

closure aforesaid, with any such contents as aforesaid, before the

same shall be first sold by or delivered out of the custody or pof-

session of the owners, proprietors, makers, compounders or ori-

ginal and first vendors thereof , for sale, either wholesale or

retail, either for foreign or home consumption or otherwise , and

before the same shall in any way be uttered or vended either for

foreign or home consumption, or exposed to sale, or offered or

kept ready for sale, and not in bulk, in any shop, house, or

other place , by any such owner, proprietor , maker, compounder ,

or original and first vendor aforesaid, or any person or persons,

onhis or behalf.

IV . Provided

1802.] Annoregni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. c. 56. 547

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted , That nothing Duties not to

herein - before contained shall extend, or be construed to extend , extend to ar-

ticles men-

to charge with the rates or duties hereby imposed , any drug or tioned in two

drugs named or contained in either of the books of rates (that books of

is tofay), the book of rates subscribed with the name of fir rates referred

Harbottle Grimstone baronet, and mentioned and referred to by to by12 Car.

the act of tonage and poundage, made in the twelfth year of the 14 and

reign ofKing Charles the Second , or in the other book of rates, c . 7.8

Geo. 1 .

intituled, An additional book of rates of goods and merchandises usually

imported , and not particularly rated in the book of rates referred to

in the act of tonnage and poundage , made in the twelfth year of the

reign of King Charles the Second , with rules, orders, and regulations signed by the right honourable Spencer Compton, speaker of

the honourable house of commons, and mentioned and referred to

by an act made and passed in the eleventh year of the reign of

his majesty King George the First; nor to any medicinal drug nor to un

or drugs whatsoever, which shall beso uttered or vended entire mixed drugs

fold by a

without any mixture or composition with any other drug or in- regular fur-

gredient whatsoever, by any surgeon, apothecary, chymist, or geon, &c:

druggist who hath served a regular apprenticeship, or by any person who hath served as a surgeon in the navy or army, under

any commission or appointment, which shall have been duly

entered at the war office or navy office, or by any other person

whatsoever, licensed in pursuance of this act; but that all such

drugs shall and may be uttered and vended by all such surgeons,

apothecaries, chymists, and druggitts as aforesaid, freed and dif-

charged from the rates and duties by this act imposed on drugs,

in such manner as they respectively before the passing of this act

and the faidherein recited act might have done.

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in Nor to mix.

this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to tures, &c.

charge with the like rates or duties any mixtures, compositions, preparedby

regular fur-

or preparations whatsoever, mixed or compounded with or pre - geons, &c.

pared from medicinal drugs, medicated or chymicalpreparations not claiming

or compositions, or other ingredients bearing different deno- the secret of ,

minations, or having different properties, qualities , virtues, or or exclusive right to , the

efficacies , which shall be uttered or vended by any such surgeon, preparing the

apothecary, chymist, or druggist as aforesaid , or by any such fame :

person who hath served as a surgeon in the navy or armyunder any

such commission or appointment as aforesaid, the differentdeno-

minations, properties, qualities, virtues, and efficacies of which

mixtures, compositions, and preparations as aforesaid, are known,

admitted, and approved of in the prevention, cure, or relief of

any disorder, malady, ailment, or complaint, incident to or in

anywise affecting the human body, and wherein the person mix-

ing, compounding , preparing, uttering , or vending the fame,

hath not nor claims to have any occult secret or unknown art

for the mixing, compounding, or preparing the fame, nor hath

nor claims to have any exclusive right or title , the mixing , compounding, or preparing, or to the vending of the fame , and

which mixtures, compositions, or preparations have not been,

are not, nor hereafter shall be prepared , uttered, vended, or exposed

NN2

548 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 56. [1802 .

and not fold exposed to sale , under the authority of any letters patent under

under letters the great seal, nor at any time heretofore have been, now are,

patent , or

advertised as or hereafter shall be by any publick notice , advertisement, or by

nostrums, &c . written or printed papers or hand bills, or by any labels or words

written or printed, and affixed to or delivered with any such

packet, box, bottle, pot, phial, or other inclosure aforesaid,

held out or recommended to the publick by the owners, pro-

prietors , makers, compounders, original or first vendors thereof ,

as nostrums or proprietory medicines, or as specificks, or as

beneficial for the prevention, cure, or relief of any such diftem-

per, malady, ailment, or complaint as aforesaid.

Persons vend- VI. And be it further enacted, That every owner, proprietor,

ingprepara- maker, and compounder of , and every person in Great Britain,

tions liable to

duties to take uttering, vending, or exposing to sale, or keeping ready for sale,

out an annual any such drugs, herbs, pills, waters, essences, tinctures, pow-

licence .

ders , or other preparations or compositions whatsoever, used or

applied or to be used or applied externally or internally as medi-

cines or medicaments, for the prevention, cure, or relief of any

disorder or complaint incident to or in anywise affecting the

human body, or any packets, boxes , bottles, pots, phials, or

other inclosures aforesaid, with any such contents as aforesaid,

subject to the duties herein - before granted, shall annually take

Rates ofdu- out a licence ; and that for and upon every licence so taken out

ties on li-

by any such person who shall reside within the cities of London

cences .

or Westminster, the borough of Southwark, or within the limits

of the two- penny post, or within the city of Edinburgh, there

shall be charged a stamp duty of forty shillings ; and for and

upon every licence so taken out by any other such person who

shall reside in any city, borough, or town corporate, or in the

towns of Manchester, Birmingham, or Sheffield , there shall be

charged a stamp duty of ten shillings ; and for and upon every

licence so taken out by any other such person residing in any

other part of Great Britain , there shall be charged a stamp duty

offive shillings .

Duties shall

VII. And be it further enacted, That, for the better and

be under the

commissioners

more effectual levying and collecting all the said duties herein-

for stamps.

before granted, the fame shall be under the government, care,

and management of the commissioners for the time being , appointed to manage the duties charged on stamped vellum, parch-

ment, and paper, who, or the major part of them, are hereby

required and empowered to appoint and employ such officers

under them for that purpose, and to allow such salaries and inci-

dental charges as may be necessary, and to provide and use such

stamps to denote the said several duties as shall be requisite in

that behalf , and to do all other things necessary to be done for

putting this act in execution, with relation to the said rates and

duties herein- before granted, in the like and in as full and ample

a manner as they or the major part of them are or is authorised

to put in execution any former law concerning stamped vellum,

parchment, and paper. 1

VIII. And

1802. ] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 56. 549

VIII. And be it further enacted, That , from and after the From Sept. 1 ,

first day of September one thousand eight hundred and two, any millioners

1802, com-

two or more of his Majesty's commissioners appointed for ma- for stamps

naging the duties arising by stamps on vellum, parchment , and to grant li-

paper , or some person duly authorised by them, shall grant licen- cences, which

ces to all such persons as are required to take out any licences shall continue

under this act; and the said licences shall continue in forceuntil Sept. 1 ,

in force till

the first day of September in each year, to commence from the yearly.

day of the date of every such licence, and every owner, pro-

prietor, maker, compounder, or person who shall utter, vend,

or expose to sale, or keep ready for sale any such drugs, herbs,

medicines, medicaments, or other preparations or compositions

aforesaid, packets, boxes, bottles, pots, phials, or other inclo-

fures aforesaid, with any such contents as aforesaid, shall in like

manner renew such licence from year to year, paying down the

respective sums due for the stamps on such licences as aforesaid.

IX. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said Persons fell-

first day of September one thousand eight hundred and two, no ing medicines

liable to du-

person whatsoever thall in any manner take or receive any profit, ties without a

advantage, or emolument, as the owner or proprietor of , or licence, shall

make or compound, or utter, vend, or expose to sale , or keep forfeit 201.

ready for sale, any drugs, herbs, medicines, medicaments, or

other preparations or compositions aforesaid, or any packets,

boxes, bottles, pots, phials, or other inclosures aforesaid, with

any such contents as aforesaid, which shall be subject to the

duties granted by this act, unless he or she shall have first obtained a licence in such manner as is herein-before directed, upon

pain to forfeit for every such offence the fum of twenty pounds,

to be recovered and applied as herein- before is directed.

X. And , in order to secure the duties hereby imposed, be it

further enacted, That every person and persons making, com- Persons vend-

pounding, preparing, uttering, vending , or exposing to sale , ing such me-

dicines shall

or keeping ready for sale, any such drugs, herbs, medicines, apply to the

medicaments, or other preparations or coinpositions aforesaid , commissioners

or any packers , boxes, bottles, pots , phials, or other inclosures of stamps

aforesaid, with any such contents as aforesaid, which are subject for covers or

labels, and

to the duties hereby granted, shall from time to time apply to deliver in a

the said commissioners of stamps, or to the officers appointed for note contain-

the purpose, for paper covers, wrappers, or labels, to be pasted, ing their name

stuck, fastened, or affixed to such packets, boxes, bottles, pots, andplace of

abode,

phials , or other inclosures, with any such contents as aforesaid ;

and every such person at the time of making such application ,

shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the officer of stamps, to

whom such application shall be made, a note inwriting containing his name and place of abode, and the place where the

drug, herb, medicine, medicament, preparation, or composition,

in respect whereof such application shall be made, is first sold,

and every such note in writing shall be filed by the officer of

stamps to whom the same shall be delivered.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said commissioners, Such covers

or labels shall

or the major part of them as aforesaid shall , and they are hereby be impressed

NN3directed with the re-

550 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 56. [1802 .

spective du directed and required to print or impress, or cause to be printed

ties , and shall

be affixed to

or impressed on the said papers, covers, wrappers, or labels,

themedicines some mark, devise, or some particular word or words to denote

before ex-

the said duties, and the rate thereof , and the said commissioners

posed to sale , are hereby also required to deliver, or cause to be delivered, from

insuch man- time to time to every such licensed owner, proprietor, maker,

ner as the commissioners shalldi-

compounder, or vendor , as occasion shall require, sufficient

covers, wrappers, or labels, for the purpose aforesaid, on pay-

rect, and re-

ment of the respective fums due for the stamps thereon ; and all

gulations for

and every the packets, boxes, bottles, pots, phials, and other

that purpose shall bedeli-

inclosures aforesaid, with any such contents as aforesaid, when

vered to the

and as soon as the same shall be made ready for sale, and shall

vendor on

be kept ready for sale , and before the same are uttered , vended,

taking out

or exposed to sale by any person or persons whatsoever, to any

his licence.

person or persons whatsoever, either wholesale or retail, shall

have well and sufficiently pasted, stuck, fastened, or affixed

thereto, such covers, wrappers, or labels , stamped, marked,

impressed, or distinguished as aforesaid, in such manner as the

said commissioners shall direct; and the said commissioners shall

from time to time devise and direct the manner in which such

covers, wrappers , or labels, thall be pasted or affixed to the said

7

wares or other article, or articles aforesaid, or to the papers,

thread , or other thing inclosing, or which shall be directed by

the said commissioners to inclose the faime, and to make such

rules and regulations in that behalf , as they shall think fit and

necessary to prevent any such covers , wrappers, or labels aforesaid, from being made use of again, after they shall have been

fold and disposed of; which rules , regulations, and directions,

shall be delivered to all and every owner, proprietor, maker,

compounder, and vendor aforesaid , at the time of his, her , or

their taking out his or her first licence, directed to be taken out

by this act, and so from time to time with every future licence

which shall be granted, if any variation or alteration shall have

been made in such rules, regulations, or directions.

Persons vend-

ingmedicines XII. And be it further enacted , That no person or persons

not having the shall utter, vend, or expose to sale, or offer or keep ready for

label so affix- sale , whether for foreign or home consumption, or buy or re-

edthereto,

shall forfeit

ceive , or keep for the purpose ofselling by retail, either on his,

her , or their own account and behalf , or on the behalf of any

packet ,&c.

o for every other person or persons whatever, any packet, box, bottle, pot ,

or phial, or any other inclosure, containing any drug, herb,

medicine, medicament, or other preparation or compositionn

aforesaid , subject to the stamp duties hereby imposed, unless the

cover, wrapper, or label hereby directed to be pasted, stuck ,

fastened, or affixed to the fame , shall be well and sufficiently

pasted , stuck, fastened, or affixed thereto , in such manner as

the said commissioners shall from time to time direct , and marked

and tamped as by this act is directed, previous to such sale, ex-

posing to sale, or offering for sale as aforesaid, or keeping ready

for sale, or that shall have any cover, wrapper, or label, pasted,

stuck, fastened, or affixed thereto marked or stamped with a mark

1802.] Annoregni quadragesimo fecundoGEORGII III. c. 56. 551

mark or stamp of less denomination or value than by this act is

directed, under pain that all and every such person and persons

so offending thall forfeit and pay for every packet, box, bottle,

pot, or phial, or other inclosure containing any such drug, herb,

medicine, medicament, or other preparation or composition

aforesaid, so uttered, vended, or exposed to sale, or kept ready

for sale , the sum of ten pounds, to be recovered and applied as

herein-after is directed .

XIII. And, to prevent the cover, wrapper, or label, and the mark

or flamp thereon hereby directed to be pasted , fluck , fastened , or af-

fixed to every packet, box, bottle, pot, phial , or other inclosure , containing any drug, herb, medicine, medicament, or other preparation

or composition aforesaid , from being made use ofagain after they have

beenfold and disposed of , to be affixed to other packets, boxes, bottles,

pots , phials , or other inclosures, containing any drugs, herbs, medi-

cines , medicaments, or other preparations or compositions aforesaid , by

which practices his Majesty's revenue might be lessened or diminished ,

be it therefore enacted, That if any person or persons shall, from Persons frau .

and after the first day of September one thousand eight hundred dulently tak-

and two, fraudulently cut, tear, or take off any mark or stamp ing off labels

after the me-

in respect whereof or whereby any duties are hereby payable or dicines are

denoted to be paid or payable to his Majesty on any packet, box , fold, or using

bottle, pot, or phial, or other inclosure, containing any drug, such labels a

second time,

herb, medicine, medicament, or other preparation or compofi- &c .thall for

tion aforesaid, subject to the duties hereby imposed after the feit 201.

same shall have been sold or disposed of as aforesaid, or shall

fraudulently paste, stick, fasten, or affix to any such packet, box,

bottle, pot , or phial, any cover, wrapper, or label, so marked

and stamped as aforesaid, the same having once been made use

of for the purpose aforesaid, or shall utter , vend, or expose to

sale any packet, box, bottle, pot, phial, or other inclosure containing any drug, herb, medicine, medicament, or other pre-

paration or composition aforesaid, with such cover, wrapper, or

label, fo fraudulently cut, torn, or taken off as aforesaid, and

pasted, stuck, fastened, or affixed thereto, all and every person

and persons so offending, in any of the particulars before- mentioned , shall for every such offence forfeit and pay the fum of

twenty pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein- after is

directed.

XIV. And, to prevent persons from fraudulently felling or buying

any covers, wrappers, or labels, which have been before made use of

for denoting any of the duties by this act imposed , of any packets,

boxes, bottles, pots, phials, or other inclosures, wherein any drugs,

herbs, medicines, medicaments, or other preparations or compositions

aforesaid , shall have been contained, andfold, and disposed of with

such covers , wrappers, or labels, pasted , stuck, fastened, or affixed

thereto , be it further enacted, That if any person or persons thall, Personsfell-

from and after the first day of September one thousand eight hun- ing or buying

labels for thedred and two, fell or buy any such cover, wrapper, or label, purpose of

which hath before been made use of for the inclosing any packet, being used a

box , bottle , pot, or phial, or other inclosure, of any drug, second time,

NN4

herb, or felling any

552 Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. C. 56. [1802.

packetwith herb, medicine, medicament, or other preparation or compofi-

such a label,

shall forfeit

tion liable to the duty hereby imposed, in order to be again made

201.

use of for the like purpose, or shall fell any packet, box, bottle ,

pot, phial, or other inclosure, with such cover, wrapper, or

label, which hath before been made use of as aforesaid , pasted,

stuck. fastened , or affixed thereto, every such person so offend-

ing shall for every such offence forfeit and pay the sum of twenty

Either buyer

pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein- after is directed.

orfellermay XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if

inform against either the buyer or feller of any such drug , herb, medicine,

the other, and medicament, or other preparation or compasition, or of any

behimself in- such cover, wrapper, or label, or any such packet, box , bottle,

demnified.

pot, phial, or other inclosure, shall inform against the other

party concerned in buying or selling such drug, herb, medicine,

medicament, or other preparation or composition, or cover ,

wrapper, or label, or such packet, box , bottle, pot , phial, or

other inclosure, the party so informing shall be admitted to give

evidence against the party informed against, and shall be indem-

nified from the penalties by him or her incurred, and shall receive

the fame benefit and advantage as any other informer shall be

intitled to by virtue of this act for such information.

Allowances

forprompt

payment of

duties.

XVI. And be it further enacted , That the said commissioners

for the time being, appointed to manage the duties upon stamped

vellum, parchment and paper, shall allow and pay to every person that shall be supplied with paper covers or wrappers or

labels as aforesaid, in pursuance of this act, the duty whereof

hereby imposed shall amount to the fum of five pounds or up-

wards, after the rate of five pounds in the hundred pounds per

annum ; and if such duty shall amount to the fum of fifty pounds

or upwards, after the rate of ten pounds in the hundred pounds

per annum; and if such duty shall amount to the fum of one

hundred pounds or upwards, after the rate of twelve pounds ten

shillings in the hundred pounds per annum, upon present payment of the said duty upon the said paper covers, wrappers, or

labels so by them brought.

XVII. And whereas the posting on and affixing the said covers,

wrappers, or labels, in the manner and under the several rules, regulations, and directions to be made by the said commissioners , will

tend greatly to secure the said duries by this act granted; be it there-

Notice shall

be given to

the commif-

fioners for

stamps of

theplaceof

making or

vending me.

dicines, on

penaltyof

10l.

fore enacted, That, from and after the said first day of September

one thousand eight hundred and two, every person and persons

who shall make, prepare, or compound, or keep ready for sale , or

utter , vend, or expose to sale anyfuch drugs, herbs, medicines, me-

dicaments, preparations, or compositions aforesaid, or any packets ,

boxes, bottles , pots, phials, or other inclosure aforesaid, with

any such contents as aforesaid, liable to any of the duties granted

by this act, shall , before they respectively obtain a licence in

pursuance of his act, give or send notice in writing of the usual

shop, house, or place, thops, houses, or places, where they

respectively thall make , prepare , compound, keep ready for sale,

utter or vend, or expose to sale the fame , or intend so to do; which

i

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 56. 553

which notice shall be given or fent to the commissioners for the

time being , for managing the duties on stamped vellum, parch-

ment, and paper, or to their officers next adjacent to the place

or places respectively where the same are made, prepared, compounded, kept ready for sale , uttered, vended, or exposed to

sale , or intended so to be; and the like notice thall be given or

fentby every such person or persons as often as they respectively

shall change any such place; which notice shall contain the

particular shop or house wherein the same are so made, prepared,

compounded , kept ready for sale, vended or exposed to sale, or

intended fo to be , upon pain that every person making default,

in giving notice as aforesaid, or giving any falte notice, shall

forteit and pay the sum often pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein- after is directed.

XVIII . Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in Covers or la-

bels defaced in

cafe any covers, wrappers, or labels, shall be damaged , defaced, affixing them

or spoiled, in affixing the fame upon such wares or other articles on the arti.

as aforesaid, or otherwise, so as to be rendered unfit for use, it cles maybe

shall and may ay be lawful for any person or persons, licensed in returned to

the commif-

pursuance of this act, to bring such covers, wrappers, or labels fioners for

so marked and stamped as aforesaid, together with the wares or stamps, who,

other articles to which the same shall have been affixed , to the on oath being

commissioners for managing the stamp duties, or to the head made that the

fame have not

officer appointed by them; and on oath (or solemn affirmation been fraudu-

incase such licensed person shall be one of the people called Qua- lently used ,

kers), thereof made by such licensed person to the satisfaction of&c. thallde-

liver others of

the said commissioners or head officer so appointed, (who are the like value.

hereby authorised to administer such oath or solemn affirmation,

and to examine into all circumstances relating to the damaging,

defacing, or spoiling the fame ), that such covers, wrappers , or

labels so defared or spoiled, or rendered unfit for the purpose

intended, have not been used for any other purpose, or in any

other manner whatsoever, and that none of them have been

fraudently re- bought or returned, after the fame have been fold

or disposed of; and that no money or other consideration hath

been paid or given for the fame, save and except the money first

paid for such covers, wrappers, or labels at the stamp office, or

other places appointed by the commissioners for the distribution

thereof; then and in such case the said commissioners are hereby

required and directed, after destroying such defaced covers,

wrappers, or labels, to deliver to such licensed person other

covers, wrappers, or labels of the fame denomination or value

instead of the covers, wrappers or labels so damaged, defaced,

or spoiled, or rendered unfit for use as aforesaid, without de-

manding or taking, directly or indirectly, for the fame any fum

ofmoney or other consideration whatsoever.

XIX. And, in order to obviate any doubts which may arise in the

construction of this att for want of aparticular Specification, deno-

mination, and enumeration of the different drugs, herbs, oils, waters,

effences, tinctures, powders, or preparations, or compositions which

are charged with or subject to the rates or duties by this all imposed ,

or

554 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III . C. 56. [1802.

or to which the fameshall extend, be it declared and further enacted,

Act to extend That the rates and duties hereby imposed on drugs, herbs, oils,

sche- tohannesed, waters, effences, tinctures, powders, and other preparations , or

and to all ar- compositions, used or applied, or to be used or applied as medi-

ticles of the cines or medicaments for the prevention, cure , or relief of any

like qualities ; distemper, malady, ailment or disorder incident to or in anywise

affecting the human body, and upon persons uttering or vending

the fame, and all the powers, provisions, articles, clauses, dif-

tributions of penalties and forfeitures, and all other matters and

things prescribed or appointed by this act , for the raising , levy-

ing, collecting, and securing the said rates and duties, shall extend , and be deemed and adjudged to extend , to charge with

the said rates and duties all and every the article and articles

mentioned, named, enumerated, or specified in the schedule

hereunto annexed by the respective names therein mentioned,

or by whatsoever other name or names the fame have hereto-

fore been, now are, or hereafter shall be, oalled, known, or dif-

and when a

tinguished; and also all pills, powders, lozenges, tinctures,

secret art or potions, cordials, electuaries, plaisters , unguents, falves , oint-

exclusive right

is claimed, or ments, drops, lotions, oils, spirits, medicated herbs and waters ,

the medicines chemical and officinal preparations whatsoever of the fame or the

are advertised like properties, qualities, virtues, and efficacies with those ar-

asnostrums, ticles so mentioned , named, enumerated , or specified therein,

&c . or any of them, made, prepared, uttered , vended, or exposed to

sale, by any person or persons whatsoever, wherein the person

making, preparing, uttering, vending, or exposing to sale the

fame, hath, or claims to have any occult secret or unknown

art for the making or preparing the fame, or hath, or claims to

have, any exclusive right or title to the making or preparing

the fame, or which at any time heretofore have been, now are,

or hereafter shall be prepared, uttered , vended, or exposed to

sale under the authority of any letters patent under the great

seal , or which at any time heretofore have been, now are, or

hereafter thall be, by any publick notice or advertisement, or by

written or printed papers or hand bills, or by any labels or

words written, printed, or affixed to, or delivered with any

such packet, box, bottle, phial, or other inclosure aforesaid, held

out or recommended to the publick , by the makers, vendors, or

proprietors thereof , as noftrums or proprietary medicines, or as

specificks, or as beneficial for the prevention, cure, or relief of

any such distemper, malady , ailment, or complaint as aforesaid ;

and shall also extend, and be deemed and adjudged to extend,

to charge with the rates and duties imposed on licences all and

every person and persons respectively who shall utter , vend, or

expose to sale, any such preparations or compositions as aforesaid, in such manner as aforesaid .

Persons coun-

terfeiting marks, &c.

guiltyof

felony.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any person or per-

fons shall counterfeit or forge, or procure to be counterfeited or

forged, any seal, stamp, or mark, directed or allowed to be used

or provided, made or used in pursuance of this act, for the purpose of denoting the duties by this act granted , or shall coun

terfeit

1802. ] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 56. 555

terfeit or resemble the impression of the fame upon any vellum,

parchment, or paper, with an intent to defraud his Majesty, his

heirs or successors, of any of the said duties, or shall utter,

vend , or fell any vellum, parchment, or paper directed to be

marked or stamped with any mark or stamp provided and used

in pursuance of this or any other act or acts of parliament for

denoting the duties thereby granted, with a counterfeit mark or

stamp thereupon, knowing such mark or stamp to be counter-

feit, or if any person shall privately and fraudulently use any seal,

stamp, or mark, directed or allowed to be used by this act, with

intent to defraud his Majesty , his heirs or successors, of any of

the said duties, then every such person so offending , and being

thereof convicted, shall be adjudged a felon, and shall suffer

death as in cafes of felony without benefit of clergy.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That all powers, provi- Powers of

sions, articles, clauses, and all other matters and things pre- former acts

relative to

scribed or appointed by any former act or acts of parliament, stamp duties

relating to the stamp duties on vellum, parchment, and paper, extended to

shall be of full force and effect with relation to the rates and this act.

duties hereby imposed; and shall be applied and put in execution, for raising, leying, collecting, and securing the said new

rates and duties hereby imposed, according to the true intent

and meaning of this act, as fully to all intents and purposes as

if the fame had severally and respectively been hereby enacted,

with relation to the said new rates and duties hereby imposed.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That all pecuniary penal- Howpenalties

ties, hereby imposed shall be divided and distributed, (if sued are to be ap-

for within the space of six calendar months from the time ofplied.

any such penalty being incurred ,) in manner following ; one

moiety thereof to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the

other moiety thereof , with full costs of suit, to the person or

persons who shall inform and sue for the fame.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That all pecuniary penal- Where to be

ties imposed on any person or persons for offences committed fued for.

against this act, shall and may be sued for and recovered in any

of his Majesty's courts at Westminster, for offences committed

in that part of Great Britain called England, the dominion of

Wales, or the town of Berwick- upon-Tweed , and in his Majesty's

court of sessions, court of justiciary , or court of exchequer in

Scotland , for offences committed in that part of Great Britain

called Scotland, by action of debt , bill, plaint, or information,

wherein no essoign, protection, privilege, wager of law, or more

than one imparlance shall be allowed.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That Indefault of

such division or distribution of the penalties as

aforesaid shall be, prosecution in

time limited ,

and is hereby confined and restricted to the prosecuting for the the whole

fame within the time herein before for that purpose limited; and penalties be-

thatindefault of such prosecution within the time aforesaid, no long to his

informer or informers shall have or be entitled to any part or Majesty.

share of such penalties, but that the whole thereof shall belong

to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and shall be recoverable in

556 Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. C. 56. [1802.

in manner aforesaid; anything hereincontained to the contrary

notwithstanding.

Justicesmay determine

XXV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That it

shall and may be lawful to and for anyjustice of the peace

re-

matters rela-

fiding near the place where the offence shall be committed,

tive toany pecuniary penalties.

to hear and determine any offence against this act , which

subjects the offender to any pecuniary penalty at any time

within six months after the offence committed , or to be committed, against this act ; and any justice of the peace residing

near the place where any offence shall be committed under this

act, is hereby authorised and required , upon any information

exhibited, or complaint made in that behalf , to summon the

party accused, and also the witnesses on either fide , and shall

examine into the matter of fact ; and, upon due proof made

thereof , either by the voluntary confession of the party , or by

the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, to give

judgement or sentence for the penalty or forfeiture, according as

in and by this act is directed, and to award and issue out his

warrant under his hand and seal, for the levying any pecuniary

penaltics or forfeitures so adjudged on the goods of the offender,

and to cause sale to be made thereof in cafe they shall not be

redeemed within six days , rendering to the party the overplus,

if any, and where the goods of the offender cannot be found

sufficient to answer the penalty , to commit such offender to

prison , there to remain for the space of three months, unless

Appeal may bemade to

quarter sessions.

such pecuniary penalty shall be sooner paid and satisfied; and if

any person or persons shall find himself or themselves aggrieved

by the judgement of any suchjustice , thenhe or they thall , and

mayupon giving security to the amount or value of such penalty

and forfeiture, together with such costs as thall be awarded in

case such judgement shall be affirmed, appeal to the justices of

the peace at the next general quarter tessions for the county,

riding, shire, stewartry, or place, who are hereby empowered

to summon and examine witnesses upon oath, and finally to

hear and determine the same; and incafethe judgement thall

be affirmed, it shall be lawful for such justices to award the

person or persons to pay such costs , occasioned by such appeal,

as to them shall seem meet.

Witnesses

neglecting to

attend shall

forfeit406.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That if any person or persons

shall be summoned as a witness or witnesses to give evidence

before such justice or justices of the peace touching any of the

matters relative to this act, either on the part of the prosecutor ,

or of the person or persons accused, and shall neglect or refuse

to appear at the time and place to be for that purpose appointed, without a reasonable excuse for such his, her, or their

neglect or refusal, to be allowed of by such justice or justices of

the peace, before whom the prosecution shall be depending , that

then every such person shall forfeit , for every such offence , the

fum of forty shillings, to be levied and paid in such manner-

and by such means as herein-before directed as to other pe-

nalties.

XXVII. And

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimosecundo GEORGII III. c. 56. 557

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the justice or juf-

tices of the peace before whom any offender shall be convicted

as aforesaid , shall cause the said conviction to be made out in

the manner and form following, or in any other form of words

to the same effect, mutatis mutandis, that is to say:

BE it remembered, That on the

day of

Din the year of our Lord

Form of conviction .

in the county of

A. B. of was convicted before me C. D. one of his Majesty'sjustices of the peace

for the said county , residing near the place where the offence

was committed, for that the said A. B. on the

day

of

now last past, did contrary to the form of the

statute in that cafe made and provided, here state the offence

against the act ] and I do declare and adjudge that the said A. B.

hath forfeited the fum of

of lawful money of Great

Britain , for the offence aforesaid, to be distributed as the law

directs. Given under my hand and seal the

day

of . '

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That Penalties may

it shall and may be lawful to and for the said justice, where he be mitigated.

shall see cause, to mitigate and lessen any such penalties as he

shall think fit , reasonable costs and charges of the officers and

informers, as well in making the discovery as in prosecuting,

the fame being always allowed over and above such mitigation,

and so as such mitigation do not reduce the penalties to less

than one moiety of the penalties incurred over and above the

said costs and charges, any thing contained in this or any other

act of parliament to the contrary notwithstanding; and no such

conviction shall be removed by certiorari, into any other court

whatsoever.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the several duties Duties shall be

herein-before granted , shall be paid from time to time, into the paid into the

hands of the receiver general for the time being, of the duties exchequer,

andkept sepa-

on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, who shall keep a rate from

separate and distinct account of the several rates and duties, and other duties .

pay the same ( the necessary charges of raising, paying, and accounting for the same being deducted), into the receipt of the

exchequer, at such time and in such manner as the duties now

charged on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper, are directed

to be paid; and that in the office of the auditor of the said re-

ceipt shall be provided and kept a book or books in which all

the monies arising from the said several rates and duties, and

paid into the said receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate

and apart from all other monies paid or payable to his Majesty ,

his heirs or fuccessors upon any account whatsoever ; and the

said money so paid into the said receipt of the exchequer aforesaid, shall be carried to , and made part of the consolidated fund

of Great Britain .

XXX. And

558 Anno regni quadragesimo fecundoGEORGII III. c. 56. [1802.

General issue

XXX. And be it further enacted, That ifany person or per-

maybe

sons shall at any time or times be sued , molested, or prosecuted

pleaded .

for any thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of

this act , or of any clause, matter , or thing herein contained ,

such person or persons shall or mayplead the general issue , and

give the special matter in evidence for his or their defence, and

if upon the trial a verdict shall pass for the defendant or de-

fendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs become nonsuited , then

Treble costs. such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to

him or them against such plaintiff or plaintiffs .

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers .

All Foreign Medicines except Drugs .

A

SIATIC bilious pills

Arquebusade water

Ætherial essence of camphire

Anodyne opodeldoc

Anodyne necklaces

Aromatic cordial

Arabian balsam

Antiacid lozenges

Anifeed lozenges

Aufstin's chalybeate pills

Aromatic steel lozenges, or lozenges ofsteel

Adams's solvent

Arnold's pills Atkinson's plaisters

Aromatic spirits of vinegar

Ætherial anodyne spirit

Amboyna mouth powder

Do. -lotion

Aromatic nervine tea

Appleby's tea

Astmaticcandy

Asperient antibilious pills

Anti hysteric pills

Arnold's drops Acidulated balsamic pastils

Addison's reanimating European

balsam

Anodyne essence

Asiatic tonic tincture

Anima of quassia

Arrow root

American alterative pills

Anodinus, or pectoral pills, for fup-

pression ofbile

Angiband's lozenges of Blois

Analeptic pills

Ague and fever drops

Anderson's Scots' pills

Andalusia water

Antipetussus

Anterticumatic drops

Balsam of liquorice

Bolton's tincture astmatica

Blair's cephalic fluid

Barclay's astmatic candy

Benzoin lozenges.

Bott's corn salve

British oil

Berry's British pills

Barclay's antibilious pills

Baleman's drops

Bott's tooth powder

Brodum's botanical syrup

Bowden's plaisters

Botanic pills

Beaume de vie

Bostock's cordial

Bourne's ætherial essence

Blistering ointment

Browne's rheumatic powders

Do. -British pills Bathing

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 56. 559

Bathing spirits Barton's alterative pomade

Chinner's pills

Collier's ointment

Brazil falts

Do. -assistant pills

Balsam of Ireland liverwort

Chemical wash balls

Black currant lozenges

Curtis's syrup

Bennett's worm powders

Cornwall's oriental cordial

Bayley's British tooth powder

Barton's vital wine

Camomile pearls Compound tincture of Columba

British corn salve

Chalybeate female pills

British pills Bell's restorative pills

Cephalic effence

Clinton's snuff

Bateman's golden and plain spirits of Do. -oil for deafness

scurvygrafs Bolderson's worm cakes

Chymical essence oftar

Carminative tincture

Balsam ofhoney

Cordial balm ofGilead

Beiker's tincture

Betton's original British oil

Cox's tincture Dixon's antibilious pills

Birt's martial balsam

Dicey and Co's. Daffy's elixir

Bostock's grand elixir

De Velno's syrup, by Swainson

Barlow's specific medicine

Deering's drops

Chinner's rheumatic pills

Denovan's American vegetable syrup

Cornwell'sopodeldoc

De Velno's pills

Clyde's balsam

Delescot's myrtle opiate

Collier's resolvent and healing

Dutch drops

plaifter Culpepper's hebbordial

Dickinson's red drops for convul-

fions

Castor oil medicine

Dalmahoy's tasteless salts

Church's cough drops

Do. -pectoral pills

Dropsy powders Discutient liquid for cutaneouserup-

Clerval's syrup

Coltsfoot lozenges

tions, &c.

Dicey and Co's. bathing spirits

Cachou de rose lozenges

Doranstoff's opodeldoc

Camomile lozenges

Dawson's Bath lozenges of honey

Cinnamon pearls

Dentrifice of all forts

Ching's worm lozenges

Daffy's elixir

Church's anodyne eflence

Do. -volatile tincture

Dalby's carminative Dickenson's cephalic drops

Coral lip salve Chalybeate pills

Effence of coltsfoot

Do. of horehound

Collier's remedy

Do. of penny royal

Cephalic snuff Camphorated eye water

Edward's globular herbal nipple

cafes

Church's eye falve

Earl's remedy for the hooping cough .

Do. -chilblain ointment

Eau de luce

Chapman's chilblain water

Edinburgh ointment

Do. -cerate

Do. -water

Cundell's balsam of honey

Effence for the head ach

Cornwell's fruit lozenges

Effence of mustard, or essence of

Candied horehound

mustard pills

Cornwell's oriental cordial

Do. of Benzoin

Complin's specific

Do. of Kayon ponti oil Effence

560 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 56. [1802.

Effence of peppermint Godfrey's cordial

Elixir for hooping cough Grant'sdrops

Ellis's asperient pills Hill's bardana drops

Elixir of longevity , or Swedish pre- Do. -gout effence

servative Hugh Smyth's drops

Frith's antibilious elixir Hallam's antibilious pills

Falck's cerate Hadfield's tincture

Fothergill's pectoral pills Hill's tincture of centaury

Fraunce's elixir

Horehound lozenges

Fry's worm pills

Fothergill's restorative

Honey lozenges Hayward's stomachic lozenges

Freake's tincture of bark

Hærlem drops

Freeman's eye water

Hayman's drops

Do. -bathing spirits

Henry's magnesia (calcined in

Friend to man

Falck's universal pills

bottles) Hamilton's tincture

Fryars' balsam

Hemet's essence of pearl and pearl

Findon's drops

dentrifice

Gout effence

Hodfon's Persian restorative

Gardener's pills

Hunter's restorative pills, or balsamic

Do. -ointment

pills

Guest's lotion

Hill's Canada balsam

Do. -pills Goulard's extract

Huxham's tincture of bark

Hallam's quassia pills

Green's oil, or Green's infallible oil

Hypodrops

Garaveni's styptic

Hanna's wash

Ginger lozenges Godbold's balsam

Hamilton's corn salve

Henry's aromatic spirits of vinegar

Griffin's astmatic tincture

Hæmorrhoidal powders for the piles

Gowland's celebrated lotion

Hæmorrhoidal cerate

Glafle's magnesia Gamble's aromatic snuff

Healing falve peculiarly useful in

ulceration of the legs , &c.

Greenough's tincture

Healing falve for scrophulous ulce-

Grey's tooth ach lozenges

Guest's tooth powder

ration Healing falve for burns and scalds

Grant's Lisbon tonic pills

Howell's powders

German corn salve

Hill'stincture of valerian-

Greenough's Tolu lozenges

Hewitt's arralambarric pills

Godfrey's rose lozenges

Hill's bardanaP

German corn plaifter

Hallam's antibilious pills

Grey'slozenges

Hodfon'sfyrup

Golden spirits of scurvy grafs

Hickman's pills

Gowland's lotion

Hill's pectoral balsam of honey

Ginger candy

Harvey's antivenereal pills, and grand

Grey's tooth powder

restorative drops

Ginger pearls Godfrey's finelling falts

Hill's balsam of honey

Hadley's convulsive powders

Guest's welcome guest and powder

Hewitt's analambanic pills

Grubb's fryars' drops

Hill's tincture of sage

Grand specific, or infallible antidote

Do. -effence of water dock

to consumptions

Do. -tincture of centaury

Hamilton's

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 56. 561

Hamilton's cinnamon drops

Lozenges of all forts

Do-astmatic effluvia

Lipfalves of all forts

Do. -vegetable balsamic tincture

Lozenges of Blois

Hooper's female pills

Do. of Tolu

Holdsworth's lozenges

Do. stomachic

Hunter's elixir

Do. -specific

Do. - restorative

Do. for the heart burn

Heartburn lozenges

Le Cour's imperial oil

Imperial oil

Monsey's rheumatic powders

Inglith's true Scot's pills

Ipecacuana lozenges

Modena foffil Marshall's cerate

Improved tincture of bark

Magnefia lozenges

Infallible restorative

Matthew's celebrated remedies for

Indian arrow root

curing without cutting, or pain

Jesuit drops

packages for fistula or piles

Jones's rheumatic tincture

Marthall's wort dissolvent

Jackson's tincture

Mayersbach's restorative powders

Juniper's essence of peppermint

Do. -mixture

James's medicine

Do. -balsamic pills

Jackson's famous ointment

Mustard pills

Do. corn salve

Medley's aromatic herb fouff

Jebb'selixir

Matthew's alterative medicines and

Do. -pills James's analeptic pills

his chymical tincture

Magnesia tablets

Do. -fever powder

Metallic tractors

Kennedy's corn falve

Nitre drops

Knight's pills

Newton's restorative tooth powder

Kibe ointment

Norris's tonic essence

Keyser'spills

Do.-- chalybeate pills

Lemon lozenges

Noulor's corn ointment

Lavender do.

Lygnum's antiscorbutic drops and

Nitre lozenges Norton's Maredant's drops

lotion

Norman's syrup

Lowther's diuretic drops

Nephritic elixir

Lamert's balsam

Neurotica and peptices tincture

Liquid sweat

Nervous deobftruent pills .

Leathe's celebrated lotion

Norris's drops

Lourie's eyewater Lowther's nervous powders

Nervous cordial

Norton's Maredant's antifcorbutic

Do. -drops

drops

Leake's chilblain water

Oriental vegetable cordial

Lord's corn salve

Ormskirk medicine for the bite of a

Lygnum's pills

mad dog

Lorraine's consumptive pills

Opthalmic lotion

Lee'slozenges

Orris root lozenges

Lockyer's pills

Oliverian ointment for the piles

Liquid thell for the stone and gravel

Optholmic Collyrium

Lewis's specific pills

Pidding's balsam of liquorice ,

Laxativepills

Pomade divine

Leake's pills

Prickett's styptic

Leake's purifying drops

Pullin's purging pills

VOL. XLIII.

00 Peppermin

462 Annoregni quadragesimo fecundoGEORGII III. C. 56. [ 1802.

Peppermint lozenges

Paterofo do.

Specific lozenges Solomon's anti impetigenes

Pontefract cakes

Smellome's eve salve

Peppermint candy

Singleton's golden ointment and eye

Perkins's metallic tractors

falve

Poppy lozenges Peppermint pearls

Solomon's balm of Gilead

Sedative Collyrium

Pullen's antifcorbutic pills

Strengthening do.

Paraguay tooth powder

Samaritan restorative

Do. -lotion

Solander's tea

Pike's ointment

Scott's gout pills

Pyrmont tablets

Steers ' nitre drops

Paste for the piles or fiftula

Do. convulsion oil

Powell's eye falve

Do. -camomile drops

Prussian lip salve

Sanative tea

Pectoral lozenges ofhoney

Do. -falve

Pafchall's teething remedy

Samaritan water

Plain spirits of scurvygrafs

Spermaceti lozenges

Pectoral effence of coltsfoot

Swinfon's anti acid

Price's breast falve

Do. - electuary

Peter's tincture

Do. -worm sugar cakes

Do. -pills Pectoral pills for suppreffion of bile

Do. -ointment

Sibley's folar tincture

Quatlia pills Rymer's pectoral medicine

Do. -lunar tincture

Stoughton's bitters

Robberd's cough drops

Refined liquorice Richardfon's British corn salve

Spilsbury's compound effence

Smith'spurifying pills

Specific convulsion drops

Royal pomade Rufpini's styptic

Salts of vinegar

Sal poignant

Rigabalfam Relfe's nipple ointment

Simfon's infallible etherial tinture

Stringer's effence of myrrh, and myrrh

Do. -fuckling assistant

dentrifice

Rymer's cardiac and nervous tincture

Smith's antihectic balsam

Do-detergent , antibilious, and an-

Story's worm cakes

tiscorbuticpills

Schnid's liquid dentrifice

Roche's embrocation

Swiss balsam

Ruspini's tooth powder

Sea weed dentrifice

Do. -tincture

Spa elixir, or restorative drops

Do. tincture for the tooth ach

Syrup ofTolu

Radcliffe's rheumatic tincture

Spanish juice

Rogers' antibilious elixir

Specific tincture

Rook's balsam

Smith's antibilious pills

Radcliffe's purging elixir

Steers' paregoric,

Rofe lozenges

Stomachic tablets

Rose tablets

Specific for the yellow fever

Roseated liquorice lozenges

Steers' opodeldoc

Rogers's antifcorbutic pills

Sir Hans Sloane's pills

Royal tooth powder

Sulphur lozenges

Red pills

Sir Richard Jebb's antibilious elixir

Roe's English coffee

and pills

Sharp's

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 56. 563

Sharp's hepatic pills

Tuberoga vitæ, or chilblain water

Stomachic tincture, or gout drops

Turlington's balsam

Spencer's dentrifice

Velno's vegetable ( yrup

Squirrell's tonic powders and tonic

Vinegar of four thieves

drops

Vegetable embrocation

Sedative Collyrium for inflamed eyes

Van Swieten's gout cordial

Strengthening do. for weak eyes

Volatile spirits of lavender

Saley's effence of squills

Vandour's nervous pills

Smart's tincture of Cafcarrilla bark

Vital balm

Sack drop, (an emetic)

Walker's Jesuit drops and specific

Sweating powders for the rheumatiim

Sandwell's plaifters

remedy Wiliams's asperient pills

Smyth's drops

Whitehead's effence of mustard

Specific remedy, (by Weffels )

Williams's eifence of benzoin , or

Sterne's balsamic ether

1

pulmanic drops

Spilsbury's antifcorbutic drops

Willis's astmatic pills

Speedman's stomach pills

Winchs's cough drops

Spirits of fcurvy grafs

Walfh's ginger feeds

Stomachic lozenges

Do. -pills

Stoughton's elixir

Waik's worm nuts

Squire's do

Wheatley's ointment and fluid

Steer's oil

Ward'sdropsy pills

Steer's purging elixir

Warren's British tooth powder

Swedish preservative, or elixir of lon-

Ward's fack emetic

gevity Turkey rhubarb lozenges

/

Walih's coltfoot lozenges

Welch's female pills

Tooth ach pills

Tasteless ague drops

Walkey's tooth powder

Walker's stomachial wine

Tooley'scordial

Webster's English diet drink

Trotter's Asiatic tooth powder

Warren's analeptic pills

Traumatic spirits

Walford's panacratic powders

Tonicpills

Waller's incomparable ointment

Tamarind lozenges

Ware's astmatic drops

Thomas's Tolu effence

Ward's white drops

Tincture of Angustura bark

Do. -effence for the head ach

Tickett's æther

Do. -liquid sweat

Trowbridge, or golden pills

Do. -red pills

Tooth ach fluid

Do. -fack drops

Troches of tamarinds

Do. -sweating powders

Thompson's ague tincture

Turkey rhubarb, (tincture ofdo )

Do. -paste Worm cakes, Storey's

Tincture of coral, and coral dentrifice

Worm sugar plumbs

Tooth powder of all forts

Wray's ague pills

Tinctures of all forts for the teeth and

Wash balls , chemical

gums Troches of all forts

Zimmerman'sstimulating fluid.

002 CAP.

1

1

564 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III . C. 57. [1802.

1

CAP. LVII.

An act to amend so much of an act , made in the parliament ofIre-

land, in the thirty - seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty,

intituled , An act for vesting a certain fund in commissioners at

the end of every quarter of a year, ar, to be by them applied to

the reduction of the national debt; and to direct the appli-

cation of additional funds, in case of future loans to the like

purpose , as relates to the commissioners for carrying the fame into

execution.-[June 3, 1802. ]

WHEREAS by an

alt made in the parliament of Ireland , in

Irish act,

37Gco. 3.

the thirty - seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, in.

tituled , An act for vesting a certain fund in commifsfioners at the

end of every quarter of a year, to be by them applied to the

reduction of the national debt; and to direct the application of

additional funds in case of future loans to the like purpose, it is

enacted, that the right honourable thespeaker of the house of commons

of Ireland, the right honourable the chancellor of the exchequer of

Ireland, the chiefSecretary to the lord lieutenant of Ireland, the accountant general of the revenue of Ireland, and the governor of the

bank of Ireland, shall be commissioners for carrying into execution the

purposes of the said act, and that all powers and authorities which

the said commissioners are , or may be enabled or required to exercise by

the said or anyfuture act or acts of parliamentshall and may be ex-

ercised by any number not less than four of the said commissioners :

and whereas in consequence of the union of Great Britain and Ireland, it is necessary to appoint additional commissioners to act under

the said recited act ; be it therefore enacted by the King's most

' excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the

lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present par-

Thefund

liament assembled, andby the authority of the same, That the

establishedby master of the rolls in Ireland , the under secretary in the civil

the recited act branch of the office of the chief secretary of the lord lieutenant

for the re-

duction of the of Ireland , for the time being , be, and are hereby added to the

national debt commissioners for carrying into execution the purposes of the

of Ireland

said act; and that the fund by the said act vested in the com-

vested in the

commissioners missioners therein described, shall be, and the same is hereby

herein

vested in the said chancellor of the exchequer of Ireland, the

mentioned.chief secretary to the lord lieutenant of Ireland , the under secre-

tary in the civil branch of the office of the said chief secretary,

the master of the rolls in Ireland , the accountant general of the

revenue of Ireland , and the governor of the bank of Ireland ,

all for the time being , and that the said chancellor of the exchequer of Ireland , the chief secretary to the lord lieutenant of

Ireland , the under secretary in the civil branch of the office of

the said chief secretary, the master of the rolls in Ireland , the

accountant general of the revenue of Ireland , the governor of

the bank of Ireland , all for the time being, or any tour of

them, thall be, and are hereby authorised, empowered, and required to execute and perforin all such matters and things as

the commissioners in the said recited act described, are thereby

enabled or required to execute or perform. CAP.

1

!

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 58. 565

CAP. LVIII .

Anatt for raising a certain sum ofmoney by way of annuities on

debentures, for thefervice of Ireland . -[June 3, 1802. ]

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects , the

commons of the united kingdom of Great Britain and

Ireland in parliament assembled, being desirous to raise the necef-

sary supplies which we have cheerfully granted to your Majesty

in this session of parliament, have resolved that the sum of one

million six hundred twenty- five thousand pounds, Irish cur-

rency , being one million five hundred thousand pounds sterling ,

be raised in Ireland , in manner herein-after mentioned ; and do

thereby most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be

enacted ; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty , by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual

and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflem-

bled , and by the authority of the same, That every contributor Contributors

towards raising the said fum of one million six hundred and for every gil.

158. 11d. Irish

twenty -five thousand pounds Irish currency, his heirs, executors, currency shall

administrators, and assigns, shall for every fum of ninety - one be entitled to

pounds fifteen shillings and eleven-pence, Irish currency, con- theprincipal

fum of tool .

tributed and paid, be entitled to the principal fum of one hun- in annuities,

dred pounds in annuities, after the rate of three pounds ten at 31. 10s. per

suillings per centum per annum, transferrable at the bank of Ire- cent. transfer-

land , and the interest to commence from the twenty-fifth day of rable at the

December one thousand eight hundred and one, and to be pay - land , &c.

bank of Ire-

able at the said bank half -yearly on the twenty-fourth day of

Juneand the twenty-fifth day of December in , every year, or at

his option be entitled to have and receive a debenture or deben- or, at their

tures from the treasury of Ireland , for the principal fum of one titled to de

option, be en-

hundred pounds, Irish currency, bearing an interest of three bentures from

pounds ten thillings per centum per annum, to commence from the Irish trea,

the said twenty- fifth day of December one thousand eight hun furyfor tool.

dred and one, and to be payable at the receipt of his Majesty's bearing in-

exchequer in Ireland half - yearly on the twenty-fourth day ofrate.

at a like

June and twenty- fifth day of December in every year.

II. And whereas pursuant to and upon the terms and conditions expressed in the said resolution, several persons have subscribed together

the whole of the said fum of one millionfix hundred and twenty- five

thousand pounds, to be raised by annuities or debentures, and have

made deposits of ten pounds per centum on the respective fums by

them jojubscribed to the said fum of one million six hundred and Contributors

twenty- five thousand pounds, be it therefore enacted, That it shall annuities in respect of

and may be lawful for such contributors who have made such thall pay in

deposit for the purchase of such annuities, to advance and pay their subscrip-

unto the cashier or cashiers of the governor and company of the tions in the

bank of Ireland ( which cashier or cashiers is and are hereby ap- and within the proportions

pointedthe receiver and receivers of such contributions without periods herein

003anymentioned .

566 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III . C. 58. [ 1802 .

any other warrant to be had in that behalf ,) the several remainders

of the fums by them respectively subscribed towards the said

fum of one million six hundred and twenty- five thousand

pounds, at or before the respective days and times , and in the

proportions herein-after limited and appointed in that behalf;

that is to lay, the further fum of ten pounds per centum on or

before the eighteenth day of June one thousand eight hundred

and two, the further fum of ten pounds per centum on or before

the twentieth day of July then next following, the further fum

of fifteen pounds per centum on or before the twentieth day of

August then next following, the further fam of fifteen pounds

per centum on or before the twenty-feventh day of September then

next following, the further fum often pounds per centum on or

berore the twenty-third day of October then next following, the

further fum of fifteen pounds per centum on or before the twenty-

1

feventh day of November then next following, and the remain-

ing fum of fifteen pounds per centum on or before the thirtieth

day of December then next following.

Contributors

III. And be it further enacted , That it shall and may be

fordeben-

lawful for such contributors who have made such deposit for the

in theirfub-

tures thall pay purchase of debentures, to advance and pay to the teller and

scriptions in thelike manner.

cashier of his Majesty's exchequer in Dublin (which teller and

cashier is hereby appointed the receiver of such contributions

without any other warrant to be had in that behalf ,) the several

remainders of the fums by them respectively subscribed towards

the said fum of one million six hundred and twenty- five thou-

fand pounds, at or before the like days and times, and in the

like proportions, at or in which the contributors to the sums

subscribed for the purchase of annuities are herein - before required to pay the same.

Discountof

IV. And be it enacted, That every contributor who shall

51. per cent to make any of the payments aforesaid , before the times they are

be allowed on

payments

respectively payable, shall be allowed on every such payment an

made in

interest, by way of discount, after the rate of five pounds per

advance .

centum per annum for the sumso advanced, to be computed from

the day of paying in the same to the time the fame is payable

as aforesaid ; which allowance is to be paid by the said cashier or

cashiers, or the said teller and cashier, out of the monies to be

contributed in pursuance of this act, as soon as such respective

contributors, their executors, administrators, and aligus shall

have completed such payments.

Annuities and

V. And be it enacted, That the several subscribers or con-

interest shall

bepaid half-

tributors, their executors , administrators , or affigos, in respect

yearlyon

of the said fum of one million six hundred and twenty-five

June 24 and

thousand pounds, shall be entitled to an annuity after the rate

Dec. 25, &c.

of three pounds ten shillings for centum for every ninety-one

pounds fifteen shillings and eleven-pence by him, her, or them

respectively advanced and paid, to commence from the twenty-

fitth day of December one thousand eight hundred and one, or

to a debenture from the treasury of Ireland for the principal tum

of one hundred pounds , bearing an interest of three pounds ten shillings

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 58. 567

shillings per centum per annum, to commence from the said

twenty -fifth day of December one thousand eight hundred and

one ; and the said annuity of three pounds ten shillings per cen-

tum shall be payable and paid half - yearly at the bank of Ireland ,

by even and equal portions, on the twenty-fourth day of June

and twenty-fifth day of December in every year; the first payment thereon to be due on the twenty -fourth day of Jure one

thousand eight hundred and two; and the interest on the said

debentures thall be payable and paid at the exchequer of Ireland,

by even and equal portions, on the twenty-fourth day of June

and the twenty -fifth day of December in every year, the first

payment thereon to be due on the twenty-fourth day of June

one thousand eight hundred and two; but the said annuities

hall not be payable until the respective subscribers ' or contri-

butors, their executors , administrators , or assigns, shall have

completed the whole of the sums by them subscribed for the purchase of the said annuities .

VI. And be it enacted, That as soon as any contributors who As soon as

shall have subscribed for any principal fum in annuities, trans- subscriptions in respect of

ferrable at the bank of Ireland , their executors, administrators, annuities are

or assigns shall have completed their payments of such part of completed

the whole fum payable by them respectively towards the said they maybe

sum ofone million six hundred andtwenty five thousand pounds, transferred.

as shall be payable in respect of the said annuities of three

pounds tenshillings per centum, the principal sum or fums in the

said annuities shall forthwith be in the books of the bank of

Ireland , placed to the credit of the respective contributors, their

executors, administrators, and assigns, completing their payments respectively; and the persons to whose credit such prin-

cipal sums shall be so placed, their respective executors, admi-

nistrators , or affsigns, shall have power to assign and transfer the

fame, or any part, share, or proportion thereof , to any person

or persons; and the said governor and company of the bank of

Ireland are hereby required, as soon as conveniently may be, to

prepare proper books for the purpose of entering the names of

all such contributors, and placing to their credit the principal

sums so paid by them respectively, and that such of the said

contributors, their executors , administrators , or assigns , who shall

complete their payments of such part of the whole fum payable

by them respectively towards the said fum ofone million fix hundred and twenty-five thousand pounds, as shall be payable in

respect of the said annuities, at any time before the governor and

company of the bank of Ireland shall have prepared their re-

ceipts, according to the directions of this act , shall be entitled

to have the sums so paid forthwith placed to their credit in the

books of the bank of Ireland; and the said governor and company are hereby required to cause such sums to be forthwith

placed to the credit of the persons entitled to the annuities in respect thereof in the books of the bank of Ireland, and such erf-

tries in the said books shall be in lieu of the receipts hereby

directed to be given for all sums paid in manner aforesaid; and such

004

568 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C.58 . [1802 .

such fums shall carry annuities after the rate of three pounds

ten shillings per centum per annum redeemable by parliament ;

and shall be taken and deemed to be stock transferrable accord-

ing to the true intent and meaning of this act until redemption

thereof .

Contributors

VII. And be it further enacted, That every contributor who

in respect of debentures shall on mak-

shall have subscribed for the purchase of debentures, his execu-

tors, administrators, or assigns, and who shall have made pay-

ing payment thereon re-

ment of any instalment thereon, shall be entitled to receive from

ceive deben-

the proper officers of his Majesty's treasury in Ireland , deben-

tures for the

tures for the sum he, she, or they shall be entitled to in respect

fums to which thereof; and shall also on payment of the instalments , payable

they shall be on the said thirtieth day of December one thousand eight hun-

entitled ; but dred and two, be entitled to receive debentures in respect of the

no fum to be fum deposited by him, her, or them, as aforesaid : provided al-

expressed therein tobe

ways, That no fum to be expressed in any debenture shall be

other than

other than one hundred pounds or fifty pounds; and in cafe

zool. or sol.

there thall be any fractional part of the sum of fifty pounds, to

which any subscriber thall be entitled in respect of the sum contributed and paid by hun, such fractional part thall be placed to

the credit of such contributor in the books of the bank of Ireland , in manner as if such contributor had subscribed to the

fame in annuities .

Debentures

VIII. And be it enacted, That a debenture at the rate of

shall be given

in the usual

one hundred pounds, for every fum of ninety-one pounds fif-

manner on

teen shillings and eleven-pence to be subscribed and paid at the

loans in Ire- receipt of his Majesty's exchequer in Dublin, bearing such in-

land.

terest as aforesaid , shall be given by the proper officers of his

Majesty's treasury inDubin, in like manner as hath been usually

done in cases where principal fums have been heretofore bor-

rowed in Ireland on loan by debentures; and the debentures so

to be given shall be numbered in numerical order , beginning with

number one until the whole shall be numbered.

Interest on

IX. And be it enacted, That upon every such debenture there

debentures

shall be paid, at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer in Dublin,

shall be paid withouttee,

to the person who shall become entitled to the fame , his, her, or

until princi-

their executors, administrators, or assigns, such interest as afore-

palpaid off

or converted

said without any fee or charge, until such time as they thall be

intoannuities, respectively paid the principal money therein , at one intire payment, unless the fame shall be converted into annuities payable

and transferrable at the bank of Ireland , in pursuance of an act

passed in Ireland in the thirty-feventh year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled, An act to enable the proprietors ofdebentures

issued by government to convert them into flock transferrable at the

bank of Ireland.

In default of

X. And be it enacted, That the fum of ten pounds per cen-

payment of

the whole

tum, deposited by every subscriber towards the said fum ofone

subscription,

million six hundred and twenty- five thousand pounds shall remain

deposits shall

as a security for the due payment of the remainder of the fum

be forfeited. subscribed by him; and that in cafe any subscriber, his execu-

tors , administrators , or assigns, shall not pay the residue of the fum

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III.C 58. 569

fum or fums so subscribed at the times and in manner before-

mentioned, then and in every foch cafe the said deposit shall be

forfeited for the benefit of the publick, and all right and title to

the annuities, or to the said debentures depending thereon , shall

be extinguished; any thing herein contained to the contrary

thereof notwithstanding.

XI. And be it enacted, That the cashier or cashiers of the Cashier shall

governor and company of the bank of Ireland who hath or have give receipts

for subscrip-

received, or shall receive any part of the said contributions to- tions, which

wards the said sum of one million six hundred and twenty -five may be

thousand pounds, shall give a receipt or receipts in writing to assigned.

every such contributor for all such sums; and that the receipts

fo to be given shall be assignable by indorsement thereon, and

shall from time to time pay all such monies as soon as he or

they shall receive the same or any part thereof , or within five

days afterwards at the furthest , into, and shall account for the

fame in the exchequer of Ireland according to the due course

thereof , deducting thereout such fums as shall have been paid

byhim or them in pursuance of his act; for which sum so paid,

allowance thall be made in his or their accounts .

XII. And be it enacted, That , in the office of the accountant Abook shall

general of the governor and company of the bank of Ireland , abekept in the

accountant

book or books shall be provided and kept , in which the names general's of-

of the contributors shall be fairly entered, which book or books fice for enter.

every contributor, his executors, administrators, and assigns, ing contribu-

may from time to time, and at all seasonable times, resort to tors' names , a

duplicate of

and inspect without fee or reward ; and the said accountant which shall be

general shall, on or before the twenty-fourth day of June one transmitted to

thousand eight hundred and three , transmit an attested dupli- the auditor

cate fairly written on paper of such book or books into the of the exche-

office of the auditor of his Majesty's exchequer of Ireland, there quer.

to remain for ever .

XIII. And be it enacted, That all persons who shall be en- Annuities

titled to any of the annuities hereby granted in respect of the shall be deemed per

said fum of one million six hundred and twenty- five thousand fonal estate.

pounds, and all persons lawfully claiming under them, shall be

possessed thereof as of a personal estate which shall not be de-

scendible to heirs.

XIV . And be it enacted, That all the annuities aforesaid Annuities

shall be added to, and made one joint stock with the present shall be one

annuities of three pounds ten shillings per centum now subsisting joint stock thepre-

in Ireland , and shall be payable and transferrable at the bank of fent annuities

Ireland at the same time and in the same manner as the said present of 31. ros . in

annuities of three pounds ten thillings per centum are payable and Ireland.

transferrable , and that the said annuities shall be free from all

taxes, charges, and impositions whatsoever.

XV. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for Treasury of

three or more of the commissioners of the treasury in Ireland , Ireland may

or the high treasurer of Ireland for the time being, to issue and

apply the moneyto such

apply from time to time all such fums of money as shall be so services as shall

paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer of Ireland , by

have been

the votedbypar-

liament.

570 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 58. [ 1802.

the said cashier or cashiers, to such services as shall have been

voted by the commons of the united kingdom of Great Britain

and Ireland in this present session of parliament.

Moneyshall

be carried to

the consoli-

datedfund ,

XVI. And be it enacted, That all the monies received by

the said cashier or cashiers of the bank of Ireland , shall be paid

into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer at Dublin, and , to-

gether with such monies as shall be received for debentures as

herein- before mentioned, shall be carried to , and form part of ,,

the consolidated fund of Ireland.

and the an-

nuities and

interest thall

be payable

thereout.

XVII. And be it enacted, That all the said annuities and

interests which shall become payable in respect of the saidfum

of one million six hundred and twenty-five thousand pounds,

shall be charged and chargeable upon, and are hereby charged

upon and made payable out of the consolidated fund of fre-

land .

Moneyshall XVIII. And be it enacted, That so much money shall from

be fet apartat time to time be fet apart at the receipt of the exchequer in Ire-

the exchequer land , out of the consolidated fund of Ireland , to the governor

for that pur- and company of the bank of Ireland , as shall be fuficient to

pose . satisfy and pay all such annuities as shall be created by virtue of

Accountant

this act, together with the charges attending the fame.

XIX. And be it further enacted , That books shall be con-

general shall

keep books

stantly kept by the said accountant general for the time being,

for entering

wherein all assignments or transfers ofallsums advanced or con-

transfers ,

tributed towards the said fum of one million six hundred and

twenty-five thousand pounds, shall be entered and registered;

which entry shall be conceived in proper words for that purpose, and shall be signed by the parties making such assignments

or transfers, or if such parties be absent , by their respective

attorney or attornies thereunto lawfully authorised by writing

under his or their hand and seal, or hands and seals , to be at-

tested by two or more credible witnesses, and that the several

persons to whom such transfers shall be made, shall respectively

underwrite their acceptance thereof ; and that no other method

of assigning and transferring the said annuities, or any part

thereof , or any interest therein , shall be good and available in

law , and that no stamp duties whatsoever shall be charged on

Persons coun- any of the said transfers .

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any person or per-

terfeiting sons shall forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged

receipts for contributions ,

or counterfeited, or shall willingly act or assist in the forging or

orforging counterfeiting any receipt or receipts for the whole of , or any

debentures, part or parts of the said contributions towards the said sum of

guiltyof

one million six hundred and twenty - five thousand pounds, either

telony.

with or without the name or names of any person or persons

being inserted therein, as the contributor or contributors thereto,

or payer or payers thereof , or of any part or parts thereof , or

shall alter any number, figure, or word therein, or utter or pub-

lish as true any such false, forged, counterfeited, or altered re-

ceipt or receipts, with intent to defraud the governor and company of the bank of Ireland, or any body politick or corporate,

ог

!

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 59. 571

or any person or persons whatsoever, or shall forge or counter-

feit any debenture or debentures, or alter any number, figure,

or word therein , or utter or publish as true any such false , forged,

counterfeited, or altered debenture, with intent to defraud his

Majesty , his heirs or successors, or any person or persons, every

such person or persons so forging or counterfeiting, or causing

or procuring to be forged or counterfeited, or willingly acting

or assisting in the forging or counterfeiting, or altering, uttering,

or publishing as aforesaid , being thereof convicted in due form of

law, shall be adjudged guilty offelony , and shall suffer death as

a felon without benefit of clergy.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That no fee, reward , or No fee to be

gratuity whatsoever shall be demanded or taken of any of his taken for

Majesty's subjects for' receiving and paying the said subscription receiving contributions, or .

or contribution monies , or any of them, or for any receipt or paying or

debenture concerning the same, or for paying the said annui- transferring

ties, or any of them, or for any transfer of any fum, great or annuities on

small, to be made in pursuance of this act , upon pain that any penalty of201.

officer or person offending , by taking or demanding any such

fee, reward, or gratuity, shall , for every such offence, forleit the

fum of twenty pounds to the party aggrieved, with full costs of

suit, to be recovered by action of debt , bill , plaint , or informa-

tion inanyof his Majesty's courts of record at Dublin, wherein

no essoign, protection, privilege , wager of law , injunction , or

order of restraint, or any more than one imparlance shall be

granted or allowed.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if anyperson or per- Persons sued

fons shall be fued, molested, or prosecuted for any thing done by may plead the

virtue or in pursuance of this act, such person or persons shall general illue.

and mayplead the general issue, and give this act and the special

matter in evidence in his, her, or their defence or defences, and

if afterwards a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants ,

or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall discontinue his , her , or their

action or prosecution, or be nonsuited, or judgement shall be

given against him, her, or them upon demurrer or otherwise,

then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded

to him, her, or them against any such plaintiff or plaintiffs .

XXIII . And be it further enacted, That this act may be Act may be

varied, altered, or repealed, by any act to be passed in this fef . altered or

fion of parliament.

repealed this

session.

CAP. LIX.

An altfor allowing, until the twentieth day of May one thousand

eight hundred and three, additional bounties on refined jugar exported , and discontinuing the duty thereon granted by an act of this

session , of parliament -[June 3, 1802. ]

WHEREASan act was

made in this present session ofparlia-

ment, intituled , An act to continue, until the twentieth c. 47.

day of May one thousand eight hundred and three, and amend

an act, made in the last session of parliament, relating to certain duties

572 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 59. [1802.

duties on sugar and coffee exported; for permitting British plantation sugar to be warehoused, and for regulating and allowing

drawbacks on sugar exported: and whereas it is expedient that

further bounties should be granted, for a limited time, on refined

sugar exportedfrom this kingdom; be it therefore enacted by the

King's most excellent majesty , by and with the advice and con-

fent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons , in this

present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same,

Ifon May 10, That if , on the tenth day of May, or on the tenth day of

Aug. 10, or Nov. 9, 1802 ,

August, or on the ninth day of November one thousand eight hun.

itshallappear dred and two respectively,

or any or either of the said days , it

bynotice shall have appeared or shall appear , by notice in the London

in the London Gazette, in manner directed in an act made in the thirty- second

Gazette that. year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled , An alt for

the average

priceofbrown regulating the allowance of the drawback, and payment of the bounty

orMuscovado on the exportation of sugar ; and for permitting the importation of

sugar for the sugar and coffee into the Bahama and Bermuda islands inforeign

six weeks pre- hips, that the average price of brown or Muscovado sugar , taken

ceding thall

bebelow458.

in manner directed by the said act for the six weeks preceding,

shall be below forty- five shillings for an hundred weight , exclu-

per cwt . an additional

five of the duties of customs paid or payable thereon on the

bounty of is .

importation into Great Britain, then and in such case an addi-

thall be paid

oneverycwt.

tional bounty of one shilling shall be payable and paid on the

of refined

exportation from Great Britain , of every one hundred weight of

sugar ex-

refined sugar in loaf , complete and whole, or lump duly refined ;

ported; and

it below 408 .

and if the average price of brown or Muscovado sugar so taken as

an additional

aforesaid, shall be below forty shillings for an hundred weight,

bounty of 2s.

exclusive of the duty of customs paid or payable thereon on the

shall be paid.

importation into Great Britain, then and in such cafe an additional bounty of two shillings shall be payable and paid on the

exportation from Great Britain, of every one hundred weight of

such refined sugar as aforesaid; and such respective bounties, as

the cafe may be, shall be paid and allowed in like manner in

every respect , and subject to and under, and according to the

like rules and regulations, restrictions, penalties, and forfeitures

as any bounties are payable or paid by virtue of the said recited

act of this session of parliament, or any other act or acts of parliament in force at the time of passing this act.

11. And whereas another act was made in this presentfeffion of

C.43.

parliament, intituled, An act for granting to his Majesty certain

duties on goods imported into and exported from Great Britain,

and on the tonnage of ships and vessels entering outwards or

inwards in any port of Great Britain, to or from foreign parts :

and whereas it is expedient that the duty granted by the said act on

The addi-

refinedsugar exportedfrom Great Britain, should be discontinue for

tionalduty

a limited time; be it therefore enacted, That the new and addi-

grantedby

tional duties of customs granted by the said act, on the exportation

recited act on

from Great Britain of certain goods therein enumerated and de-

sugar herein described shall

scribed, shall , from and after the passing of this act, so far as

be disconti-

the fame relates to refined sugar, or loaf complete and whole,

nued.

or lump duly refined, and all refined sugar called Bastard , and

ground

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 60. 573

ground or powdered sugar, and refined loaf segar broke in

pieces, and all sugar called Candy, and melasses, which shall be

made from sugar of the British plantations, be, and the fame

are hereby discontinued.

III. And be it further enacted, That this act shall continue Continuance

in force until the tenth day of May one thousand eight hundred of act .

and three, for the port of London, and until the twentieth day of

May one thousand eight hundred and three, for other parts of

Great Britain.

CAP. LX.

An act to continue, until the thirtieth day of May one thousand eight

hundred and three, and amend an act , made in the last session of

parliament , for regulating and allowing drawbacks on sugar exportedfrom Ireland ; and for allowing British plantationfugar to

be warehoused in Ireland ; and for granting an additional drawback

on the exportation of refinedsugar.-[June 3, 1802. ]

W

HEREAS an act was made in

the lastfession of parliament ,

intituled , An act for regulating, until the twenty-fifth day 41 Geo. 3 .

of May one thousand eight hundred and two, the allowance of c. 74,

drawback on the exportation from Ireland of British plantation

sugar ; and for allowing certain drawbacks on sugar exported

from Ireland; and for allowing British plantation sugar to be

warehoused in Ireland: and whereas it is expedient that the said att

should be continued with amendments ; be it therefore enacted by

the King's most excellent majesty , by and with the advice and

consent of the lords spiritual and temporal , and commons, in

this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the continued

same, That the said act shall be , and the same is hereby con- until May 20,

tinueduntil the twentieth day of May one thousand eight hun- 1803, for

dred and three for the port of Dublin, and until the thirtieth day May

Dublin, and

30 for the

of May one thousand eight hundred and three for the other ports other ports of

of Ireland.

Ireland.

II. And be it enacted, That if , in the first publication of the If it appears

Dublin Gazette pursuant to the said recited act , after the arrival by the Dublin

in Dublin of the London Gazette published next after the tenth Gazette puh.

lished at cer-

day of Alay , or the tenth day of August , or on the ninth day oftain periods,

November one thousand eight hundred and two respectively , it that the aver-

shall appear that the average prices of brown or Muscovado age prices of

sugar, taken in manner by the said recited act described, forbrown or

Muscovado

the six weeks preceding, shall not have exceeded seventy shil - sugar for the

lings British currency for an hundred weight, exclusive of the six weeks

duties payable thereon on the importation thereof ; then and in preceding

every such case, the drawback in the schedule to the said act shall not have

annexed , mentioned as corresponding to or with the price of British, per

exceeded 708 .

which such notice in the Dublin Gazette shall have been given cwt. the

pursuant to the said recited act , shall be paid and allowed, ex- drawback

cept on exportation to Great Britain , until notice of any other hereinmen .

average price, published in the London Gazette on Saturday im- paid, &c.

tioned shail be

mediately preceding any other of such subsequent days, shall be

given

574 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 60. [ 1802 .

given in the Dublin Gazette ; and such drawback shall be paid

and allowed in like manner in every respect, and subject to and

under the like rules , regulations, restrictions, penalties, and for-

fe tures as any drawbacks were paid or allowed before the passing

of this act.

When the averageprice

III. And be it enacted , That whenever the average price of

of raw or

raw or Mufavado sugar, taken according to the directions of the

Muscovado sugar shall be

said recited act, shall be below forty- five shillings sterling per

hundred weight, there shall, over and above the drawback in

below45s.

the said schedule mentioned, to be allowed on the exportation

Iterlingper

cwt . there

from Ireland , except to Great Britain, of all refined sugar in

shall be

loaf , complete and whole, or lump duly refined , be paid to the

allowed on

exporter or exporters of such refined sugar , on exportation

exportation ( except to

thereof from Ireland, except to Great Britain, an additional

Great Bri

bounty of one shilling for every one hundred weight thereof,

tain , )ofre-

finedfugar an

and that whenever the average price of such raw or Muscovado

sugar taken as aforesaid, thall be below forty shillings sterling

additional

per hundred weight , there shall, over and above the drawback

bounty of is.

in the said schedule, be paid on exportation from Ireland, ex-

percwt. , and

28. when

cept to Great Britain, of all such refined sugar as aforesaid, an

below40s.

additional bounty of two shillings for every one hundred weight

thereof .

Until May 20,

IV. And be it enacted , That, from and after the passing of

1803. bonds

for duties on

this act, and until the twentieth day of May one thousand eight

British planta .

hundred and three, every bond

to his Majesty for payment of

tionfugar imported into

the duties chargeable on any British plantation sugar imported

into any port in Ireland and warehoused, shall be made payable,

Ireland shall

be payable in

fixmonths,

together with interest at and after the rate of six pounds per cen-

tum per annum, upon the amount of such duties, within fix

and if duties

months from the date thereof; and if all duties due and payable

benot paid ,

in respect of such sugar shall not be paid and satisfied within fix

withfix per

cent . interest ,

months from the date of the bond, unless further time shall be

within that

given by the said commissioners pursuant to the provisions of

period the

this act, it shall be lawful for the commissioners at the expira-

fugars maybe tion of the said six months to cause such sugar to be publickly

fold.

fold to the best bidder, at such places as the said commissioners

shall think proper, and out of the proceeds of such sale to satisfy

such duties, together with the interest due thereon , and all such

legal charges and expences as shall have arisen or may be due

relating to such sugar; and the overplus (if any be), shall be

paid to the respective importers thereof , or to such other person

or persons as shall be authorised to receive the fame.

The commif- V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall be law-

fioners of the ful for the said commissioners , and they are hereby authorised,

customs, if

fugarsremain upon proof to their satisfaction that such fugars, or any part

unfold , may

thereof , remain unfold, to give three months further time for

renew such

the payment of the duties on such fugars, or upon any part of

bonds for

such fugars, in cafe the person refusing such further time shall

threemonths. be desirous of paying the duties in part of such sugars ; and in

any such cafe it shall be lawful for the said commissioners to

take any new bond or bonds, and to permit the sugar in respect whereof

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 61. 575

whereof any such bond shall be given to remain in any ware-

house under the provisions of this act for such further period of

three months, and if at the expiration of any such further period

of three months, the duties on such sugars, together with the

interest thereon at the rate aforesaid, shall not have been paid, it

shall be lawful for the said commissioners to fell such sugar for

payment of the duties and interest due thereon, and costs and

charges aforesaid, in like manner as is herein-before directed.

VI. Provided also , and be it enacted, That it shall and may Stamp duties

be lawful to deduct and retain out of the principal and interest maybede-

ducted from

that may become due on any bond taken or to be taken in pur- themoneydue

suance of the said recited act or of this act , the stamp duties on bonds.

only that have been or shall have been paid on such bond; any

thing in the said recited act to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII . And be it further enacted, That this act may be altered, Act maybe

or

varied , or repealed by any act to be passed in this session of par- alpealed this

liament .

session .

CAP. LXI.

An actfor the further encouragement of Irish mariners, and for other

purposes relating thereto. [June 3, 1802. ]

HEREAS W it is expedient to establish in Ireland certain regulations tending to promote the training up and employment of

mariners, subjects of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and for that purpose that all ships and vessels of the united

kingdom should be navigated in the same manner as British ships and

vessels are by the laws of Great Britain required to be navigated ; be

it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by FromNov. 1,

and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and tem- 1802, no

poral, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, andgoods shall be

by the authority of the same, That, from and after the first day imported into

of November one thousand eight hundred and two, no goods, Ireland in a

British orIrish

wares, or merchandize whatever shall be imported or brought ship, unless

into any port or place in Ireland , on board any thip or vessel, the matter

which is or shall be registered, or which is or shall be required and three

by law to be registered as a British or Irish ship or vessel, unless fourths of the

such ship or vessel shall be navigated by a master and three jects of the

crew are fub-

fourths atleast of the mariners, subjects of the united kingdom united king-

of Great Britain and Ireland.

dom ;

II. And be it enacted, That , from and after the said first day nor exported

of November, no goods, wares, or merchandize whatever shall from thence

unlessfo

be exported , or shipped for the purpose of exportation, from any navigated.

port or place in Ireland in any such ship or vessel as aforesaid,

unless such ship or vessel shall be navigated by a master and three

fourths at least of the mariners, subjects of the united kingdom

of Great Britain and Ireland.

III. And be it enacted, That, from and after the said first day No ship re-

gisteredas an

of November, no ship or vessel which is or shall be registered, or Irish ship shall

shall be required to be registered, as an Irish thip or vessel, shall be navigated,

benavigated but by a master and three fourths at least of the unless so

mariners, manned.

墓

1

576 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III . c. 61. [ 1802 .

Nogoods

mariners , subjects of the united kingdom of Great Britain and

Ireland , except as is herein-after provided.

shall be car-

IV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the

ried inany

such ship ,nor

said first day of November, no goods, wares, or merchandize

anyship be

-

whatever thall be carried from any one port, member, creck,

permitted to

or place of Ireland, to any other port, member, creek, or place

fail in ballait

fromone

of the fame, or of Great Britain, or of the islands of Guernsey ,

portor creek Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, in any such ship or vessel as

toany other in aforesaid , nor thall any ship or vessel be permitted to fail in

Ireland , orin ballast from any port or creek in Ireland to any port or. creek

Great Britain , of the fame or of Great Britain, or of the islands of Guernsey,

Guernsey, &c- ;

nor any British Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man; nor shall any British or Irish

or Irith ship be thip or vessel be permitted to fail from any port on the coast of

permitted to Ireland , to be employed in fishing on the said coast , or the coast

fail from Tre- of Great Britain , or the coasts of the islands of Guernsey, Ferjey,

land to fith on

that coast , or Alderney , Sark, or Man, unless such ship or vessel shall respec-

of Great Bri- tively be wholly and solely manned with and navigated by a

tain ,&c. un- master and mariners all subjects of the united kingdom of Great

lesswholly navigatedby

Britain and Ireland: provided always, that it shall and may be

subjects of the lawful for three or more of the commissioners of his Majesty's

unitedking- customs in Ireland, by licence under their hands (for which no

dom; but fee shall be taken, ) to authorise any such ship or vessel employed

commissioners in fishing on the coasts of Ireland or Great Britain, or of the

of the customs

may license a islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, to have on

proportion of board any mariner or mariners for the purpose of instructing

foreign

mariners to be

the mariners of the united kingdom in such ship or vessel in the

taken on

art of fishing, or taking, or curing fish, such foreign mariner or

board such

mariners not exceeding one fourth of the number of mariners

fithing vessels, on board such ship or vessel.

Subjects of

theunited V. And be it enacted , That where it is required by this act ,

or by any other act in force in Ireland, that the master and the

kingdom to whole or any proportion of the mariners of any ship or vessel

continuethe shall be British or Irish subjects, or subjects of the said united

wholevoyage,

unless in cafes kingdom, the true intent and meaning is , that the master and

of fickners,

the whole, or such proportions, thall be subjects of the united

&c. which

kingdom during the whole voyage, unless in case of sickness ,

shall be speci-

death, desertion , or of the whole or part of the crew being taken

fied in the commander's prisoners in the voyage; and in such cafe the master or other

report . person having the charge or command of such ship or vessel,

thall specify the fame in his report.

Act not to al- VI. Provided also, That nothing in this act contained shall

ter anyspecial extend, or be construed to extend , to alter or in anywise affect

provisions in

force respect . any regulation for navigating or manning of ships employed in

ing ships em-

any of the fisheries carried on from Ireland , or any part of

ployedin the

his Majesty's dominions, for which any special provision has

fisheries car-

been made by any act or acts in force before the commencement

riedonfrom

of this act.

Ireland . VII. And, to prevent all doubts respecting the various terms made

use of in thefeveral laws of navigation , with respect to who are to

be deemed and taken to be qualified to be masters of British or Irith

hips, or to be British or Irith sailors, seamen, or mariners, be it

declared

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 61. 577

declared and enacted, That no person shall from , henceforth beWho shall be

deemed and taken to be qualified to be the master of aBritish deemed quali-

fied to be maf-

or Irish ship, or to be a British or Irish failor, seaman, or mari- ters of British

ner , or to be a failor, seaman, or mariner of the said united or Irish ships,

kingdom, within the intent and meaning of this act, or of any or mariners

other act now in force, except the natural born subjects of his of the united kingdom.

Majesty, his heirs and successors, or persons naturalized by or by

virtue of any act of parliament, or made denizens by letters of

denization, or except persons who have become his Majesty's

subjects by virtue of conquest or ceffion of some newly acquired

country , and who shall have taken the oath ofallegiance to his

Majesty, or the oath of fidelity required by the treaty of capi-

tulation by which such newly acquired country came into his

Majesty's possession, except as is herein- after provided .

VIII. And whereas it is expedient thatforeigners who haveferved ,

or shall servefaithfully, on board his Majesty's ships of war in the

late or anyfuture war, for the time and in the manner herein- after

mentioned, should be declared to befailors, seamen, or mariners of the

united kingdom, within the intent and meaning of the laws ofnavi-

gation under certain regulations ; be it further enacted, That every Foreign

mariners who

foreign failor, seaman, or mariner, who shall have served or who have faithfully

shall serve on board any of his Majesty's ships or vessels of war served on

in time of war , for and during the space of three years, either board ships of

inone and the same ship or vessel, or in different ships or vessels, war during

and who shall have obtained a certificate or certificates from the three years

in timeof

captain or commander, captains or commanders, of such ships war, and who

or vessels on board of which he shall have so served, or in case shall obtain a

of the death of such captain or commander, then upon the certificate of

certificate of the officer then living, who shall have been next such service ,

and shall take

in rank to such captain or commander, testifying that he has so the oath of

served , and testifying his faithful service and good behaviour allegiance,

-

during the time of such service, and who shall also have taken may be

the oath of allegiance to his Majesty before some justice of the employed as

masters orpeace , or principal magistrate of some city or town in his Ma- mariners in

jesty's dominions, or before the principal officer of his Majesty's Irish ships.

customs in any port of his Majesty's dominions ( which oath

they are respectively hereby authorised to administer, ) and who

shall obtain a certificate from such justice of the peace, prin-

cipal magistrate , or chief officer , of his having taken such

oath ( which certificate they are hereby authorised and required

togive upon the payment ofno greater fee than that of one thil-

ling ,) shall be entitled to be employed as a master of an Irish

ship or vessel, or as a failor, seamah , or mariner of the said

united kingdom, on board any Irish ship or vessel, within the

intent and meaning of this act, or any of the laws now in

force : provided always, That no such foreigner shall be entitled

to become the master of any Irish ship or vessel, or to be employed as a failor , seaman, or mariner of the said united king-

dom, unless he shall have delivered the before- mentioned certificate or certificates of the time he shall have served, and of his

VOL, XLIII. PP faithful

573 Annoregni quadragesimo fecundoGEORGII III. C. 61. [1802.

Certificates tofaithful service and good behaviour, and the before- mentioned

be delivered certificate of his so having taken the oath of allegiance to the

to the officers

of thecustoms collector , or other chief officer of his Majesty's customs in the

atDublin, port of Dublin , or in the ports of Cork, Galway, or Londonderrys

Cork, Gal- tobe filed by such collector or other chief officer of the customs,

way, orLon- who are hereby required to deliver to such foreign failor, sea-

donderry . man, or mariner, an attested copy thereof , upon paying the fee

ofone shilling, and no more.

Personstaking IX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no person

the oath of who is or shall become qualified to be the master of an Irish

allegiance to

anyforeign ship or vessel, or to be a failor, seaman, or mariner of the said

state , except united hingdom, by birth, naturalization, denization, conquest,

under terms or service, in manner herein- before mentioned, and who has

ofcapitula- taken or shall take any oath of allegiance to any foreign sove-

tion , not tobe

deemed quali. reign or state whatsoever , for any purpose whatsoever, except

fied to be

under the terms of some capitulation upon the conquest of any

masters or

of the dominions of his Majesty , his heirs or successors, by any

mariners on

board Irish

enemy or enemies, and for the purpose of obtaining the benefit

ships, unless

of such capitulation only, shall be deemed and taken to be qua-

takenbefore

lified to be the master of an Irish ship or vessel , or a failor, fea-

be.oming qualified .

man, or mariner of the said united kingdom, within the intent

and meaning of any of the laws of navigation, unless such person shall have taken such oath of allegiance before he became

Penalty on so qualified ; and any person who small, after having becomedif-

persons sodif- qualifiedby taking such oath of allegiance as aforesaid, take the

qualified who charge or command of any Irish ship or vessel as master or commander thereof , shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the

fum of one hundred pounds; and every person who shall , after

having become so disqualified as aforesaid, engage to serve as a

failor, feaman, or mariner of the said united kingdom, onboard

any such ship or vessel, shall forfeit and pay for every such of

fence the sum of ten pounds; such forfeitures respectively to be

recovered upon conviction before ajustice of the peace , if such

offence shall be committed in Great Britain or Ireland , and be-

fore any member of the supreme court of justice, or anyjustice

of the peace, if such offence shall be committed in the islands

ofGuernsey , Jersey, or Man, or in any colony , plantation, island,

or territory to his Majesty belonging in America : provided also,

Noship on

boardof

That no ship or vessel, on board whereof any person who is so

which such

disqualified shall be employed as master or commander, shall be

disqualified forfeited by reason thereof , if the owner or owners of such ship

persons shall or vessel shall shew that such disqualification of such master or

act , shall be

forfeited , if commanderwas unknown to such owner or owners respectively ,

proofbemadeor to his, her, or their agent or agents , and that such disqua-

by the owner lification of such failor , seaman, or mariner, was unknown to

that suchdif- such owner or owners respectively, or to his agent or agents,

qualification and to the master or commander of such ship or vessel, at the

wasunknown. time of engaging such person, so disqualified, to serve on board

Negroes or

lascars may such ship or vessel: provided always, That in the navigation on

be employed the seas ofAmerica and the West Indies , from any port of

in certain feas. America

!

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 61. 579

Americaand the West Indies to any port of America and the West

Indies , anynegroes belonging to any person or persons being or

havingbecome his Majesty's subjects in manner aforesaid, and

with the qualifications aforesaid; and in the seas to the eastward

of the cape ofGood Hope , from any port to the eastward of the

cape of Good Hope, to any other port to the eastward of the

cape of Good Hope , lascars, and other natives of any of the

countries to the eastward of the cape ofGood Hope , may be employed as sailors, seamen, or mariners of the said united king-

dom , in manner heretofore practised.

X. And , for the better carrying on any war in which bis Majesty

may be engaged, and the trade of the united kingdom during the continuance thereof , be it enacted, That , during the continuance ofDuring war

such war, and no longer (except in respect to such merchant three -fourths

ships, and other trading ships or vessels and privateers, which of the crew

maybe

shall be on their voyage before the determination of the war, foreigners on

who shall be, and are hereby, allowed the liberty and benefit of board Irish

returning home to the united kingdom, navigated in the man- merchant

ner as herein - after is provided , ) it shall and maybe lawful for ships or

any Irish merchant ship, or other Irish trading ship or vessel, or

privateers.

privateer to be navigated by foreign seamen or mariners, not

being natives of the united kingdom, or any of the colonies or

plantations thereto belonging, or his Majesty's natural or na-

turalized subjects, so as the number of such foreign seamen or

mariners do not exceed three fourths of the mariners at any

one time employed to navigate such merchant ship or other

trading ship or vessel, or privateer, and that one fourth at least

of the mariners or seamen fo employed be at all times natives,

or his Majesty's naturalized subjects of the united kingdom

( suddendeath and the hazard and casualties of war and the seas

faved and excepted,) an act of parliament made in the twelfth

year of the reign of his late majesty King Charles the Second ,

intituled, An altfor the encouraging and increasing ofshipping and

navigation ; or any other statute or law to the contrary notwith-

standing.

XI . Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby further enacted No person

and declared, That no person who shall be naturalized by virtue naturalizedby

this act shall

of his act shall thereby be enabled to be of his Majesty's privy be enabled to

council in Ireland , or a member of the parliament of the unitedbe of the privy

kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or to take any office or council, or to

place of trust, either civil or military in Ireland , or to have any fit inparlia-

grant of lands, tenements, or hereditaments, from the crown in ment, &c.

Ireland , to himself , or any other person or persons in trust for

him ; any thing hereincontained to the contrary thereof in any-

wise notwithstanding.

XII. And be it further enacted , That it shall and may be His Majesty

lawful for his Majesty , his heirs and successors , at all times may permit

Irish trading

when it shall be found necessary to declare war against any veffelsand

foreign power, to publish a royal proclamation, if he or they privateers to

shall judge it equitable, to permit all Irish merchant ships, and be manned

other Irish trading vessels and privateers, to be manned with with foreign

PP2 mariners

foreign duringwar.

1

580 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 61. [1802.

foreign mariners and seamen during such war, in manner hereby

provided , and that upon the publishing of such proclamation

the provisions of this act , so far as the same relate to the time of

war, shall be deemed to be of full force and virtue, and have

continuance for and during the time of such war, and no longer,

except in respect to such Irish merchant ships, or other Irish

trading hips or vessels , and privateers, which shall be on their

voyage before the determination of such war, who shall be and

are hereby allowed the liberty and benefit of returning home to

the said united kingdom , navigated in the manner as herein-

before is provided.

Goods imported, ex-

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any goods , wares,

ported , or or merchandize whatever shall be imported or brought, ex-

carriedcoaft- ported or carried coastwise, contrary to the provisions of this

wife , or ships

act , or any of them, all such goods, wares, and merchandize,

failing inbal-

last , or to fish

and also the ship or vessel in which the same shall be so im-

on the coast

ported or brought, exported or carried coastwise, with all her

contraryto

guns, furniture , ammunition , tackle, and apparel, shall be for-

this act , shall

feited; and also if any ship or vessel shall fail in ballast , or shall

beforfeited.

fail to be employed in fishing on the coast, in manner herein-

before mentioned, or being required to be manned and navigated in manner herein-before directed, shall not be manned

and navigated according to the provisions of this act , such ship

or vessel, with all her guns, furniture, ammunition, tackle, and

apparel, and all the goods, wares, and merchandize on board the

same , shall be forfeited.

Bywhom goods and

XIV. And be it further enacted. That all goods, wares, or

ships forfeited merchandize, and all ships and vessels forfeited by this act, may

shall beseized , and shall be seized by the commander of any of his Majesty's

andhow for- ships of war, or by any commissioned, warrant, or petty officer,

feitures re- especially appointed by him or by any officer of his Majesty's

coveredand customs of Great Britain or Ireland ; and that every such for-

applied .

feiture incurred by this act, except on the seas or coast of Ireland , or within the same, shall be sued for, prosecuted, and re-

covered, in such courts, andby such and the like ways, means,

and methods, and the produce thereof disposed of and applied

in such and the like manner, and to such uses and purposes, as

any forfeiture incurred by an act made in the parliament of

Great Britain, in the thirty-fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty , intituled, An act for the further encouragement of

British mariners, and for other purposes therein mentioned , may be

sued for, prosecuted, or recovered , disposed of , and applied;

and that all forfeitures incurred by this act on the feas, or on

the coast of Ireland , or within the same, shall and may be sued

for, recovered, disposed of , and applied by such ways , means,

and methods, and in such manner and form , and with such

powers and authorities as are prescribed, directed, and appointed

in andby an act made in the parliament of Ireland in the four-

teenth and fifteenth years of the reign of his late Majesty Charles

the Second, intituled, An act for the fettling of the excise or new

impost, upon his Majesty, bis heirs andfuccessors, according to the book

-

1802. ] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 61. 581

book ofrates therein inserted, or by any other act or acts in force in

Ireland , relative to his Majesty's revenue of excise, concerning

the several forfeitures thereby created, with like remedy of appeal

as in and by the said acts is provided.C

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in cafe If any Irish

any Irish ship or vessel shall be found at sea, having on board a ship be found

greater number of foreign mariners than is allowed by this act, at fea with

more than the

or any law now in force or hereafter to be made, and the master legal number

of such ship or vessel shall produce a certificate of the actual of foreigners

*necessity of engaging such foreign mariners in some foreign port , on board, and

themaiter

by occasion of the sickness, death, or desertion of the like num- shall produce

ber of Irish mariners, or of the fame having been taken prisoners the requisite

during his voyage, and that Irish mariners could notbe engaged certificate of

atfuch foreign port to supply theirroom, and that for the fafe navi- the necessity

gation of such ship or vessel, it became necessary to engage andof employing them, certain

employsuch foreign mariners, under the hand of his Majesty's con- particulars

ful, at the foreign port where the said foreign mariners were fo en shall be indors-

gaged; or if there is not any such consul there, under the hands ed thereon by

oftwo known British merchants at such foreign port, it shall the persons authorised to

notbe lawful for any of the persons authorised by this act, to make make seizure

seizures of ships or vessels navigated contrary to the directions of for the confi-

this act, to stop or detain anyfuch ship or vessel so found at fea, deration of the

commissioners

or to hinder her from proceeding in her voyage, butfuch persons of thecustoms .

shall, and are hereby required , to indorse the certificate so pro-

duced, testifying the production thereof , and when and where

met with at sea, and that the number of foreign mariners corre-

spond with the certificate of such British consul, or such known

British merchants , for the consideration and investigation of the

commissioners of his Majesty's customs in England , Scotland , and

Ireland respectively.

Act of27Geo.

XVI. And whereas, by an act passed in the parliament of Ireland 3. of the par-

in the twenty- seventh year of his Majesty's reign, intituled , An act liament of Ire-

for the further increase and encouragement of shipping and na- land recited,

vigation, it is amongst other things enacted , that when andso often &c.

as the property in any ship or vessel belonging to any of his Majesty's

subjects, shall be transferred to any other or others of his Majesty'sfub-

jects in whole or in part, the certificate of the registry of suchship or

veffelshall be truly and accurately recited in words at length, in the bill

or other instrument of sale thereof , and that otherwisefuch bill shall be

utterly null and void to all intents and purposes ; in order therefore ta

prevent any doubts whether by the said provision every transfer of

property in anyship or vessel is required to be made bysome bill or

other instrument in writing, and whether contracts or agreements for No transfer of

the transfer of such property may not be made without any infirument property in

any thip after

in writing, be it enacted, That no transfer, contract or agree- Jan. 1803,

1,

ment for transfer of property in any ship or vessel made or in- shall be valid

tended to be made after the first day of January one thousand unless made in

eight hundred and three, shall be valid or effectual for any pur- writing,

con-taining such

pose whatsoever, either in law or in equity, unless such transfer recital as

or contract, or agreement for transfer ofproperty in such ship or therein pre-

vessel , scribed.

PP3

582 Anno regni quadragesimo fecundoGEORGII III. c.61. [1802 .

vessel, shall be made by bill of sale , or instrument in writing,

containing such recital as prescribed by the said recited act.

From Jan. 1, XVII. And whereas, by the laws now inforce upon any alteration

1803 , in- dorfementup of property in any ship or vessel in the fame port to whichfuchship or

on thecerti vessel belongs, an indorsement upon the certificate ofregistry is required

ficate of regis . to be made, be it enacted, That such indorsement shall, from and

tryupon any after the first day of January one thousand eight hundred and

alteration in three, be made in the manner and form herein-after expressed,

the property and shall be signed by the person or persons transferring the pro-

any

the port to perty of the said ship or vessel by sale or contract, or agreement

which thebe- for sale thereof , or by some person legally authorised for that

made asherein purpose by him, her, or them; and a copy of such indorsement

shall

expressed, and shall be delivered to the person or persons authorised to make

acopydeliver- registry, and grant certificates of registry , otherwise such sale or

edtotheper- contract, or agreement for sale thereof , shall be utterly null and

fon authorised void to all intents and purposes whatsoever; and such person or

to register,

who shall make entry thereofupon

persons so authorised to make registry and grant certificates of

registry, are hereby required to cause an entry thereof to be in-

dorsed on the oath, or affidavit , upon which the original certifi-

the original affidavit ,and

cate of registry of such ship or vessel was obtained , and shall also

give notice to

make a memorandum of the fame in the book of registry , and

the commissi

shall forthwith give notice thereof to the commissioners of his

oners of the

Majesty's customs in Ireland .

customs in

Ireland.

FORM of Indorsement on Change ofProperty.

Form of in-

dorsement on

B

E it remembered, That I [or, we] [ names , residence , and

change

occupation of the personsfelling] have this day fold and trans-

perty.

of pro- ferred all [ my

or our ] right, share, or interest

in and to the ship

or vessel, name of theship or vessel ,] mentioned in the within certificate of registry unto [names, residence, and occupation of the

purchasers] witness my (or our ) hand (or hands,] this [ date in

words at full length] .

Signed in the presence of [two witnesses]. '

Thechangeof XVIII. Provided always, That if any ship or vessel shall b

rtyin

propertyin at fea, or absent from the port to which the belongs, at the time

i

any ship atfea, when such alteration in the property thereof shall be made as

orabfent from

theport to aforesaid, fo that an indorsement or certificate cannot be imme-

which the be- diately made, the sale or contract, or agreement for the sale

1

longs, shall be thereof , shall, notwithstanding be made by abill offale or other

made bybill of instrument in writing as before directed; and a copy

sale, &c. and copyoffuchbill

on her arrival of sale or other instrument in writing shall be delivered, and an

at the port an entry thereof thall be indorsed on the oath or affidavit, and a

indorsement memorandum thereof shall be made in the book of registers, and

shall bemade notice of the fame shall be given to the commissioners of the

&c.customs in Ireland , in the manner herein-before directed, and

within tendays after such ship or vessel shall return to the port to

which the belongs, an indorsement shall be made and signed by

the owner or owners, or some person legally authorised for that

purpose by him, her or them, and acopy thereofshall be delivered in

!

1802.] Annoregni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 61. 583

in manner herein- before mentioned, otherwise such bill of sale,

or contract or agreement, for sale thereof , small be utterly null

and voidto all intents and purposes whatsoever, and entry there-

of shall be indorsed, and a memorandum thereof made in the

manner herein-before directed.

XIX. Provided also, and be it enacted, That in all cases Regulations for transfer of

where the owner or owners of any ship or vessel shall reside inproperty

anycountry not under the dominion of his Majesty , his heirs and where owners

successors, as member or members of some British factory , or reside out of

thedominions

agent or agents for a partner or partners in any house or of his Majesty.

copartnership, actually carrying on trade in Great Britain or

Ireland , at the time when he, she , or they shall transfer such

property in any ship or vessel, so that an indorsement cannot be

made immediately, nor a copy of such bill of sale or other instru-

ment in writing be delivered, nor an entry thereof indorsed on

the oath or affidavit, nor a memorandum thereof made in the

book of registers, nor notice of the same given to the commif-

sioners of the customs in Ireland , in the manner before mentioned,

the same may be done at anytime within six months after such

transfer shall have been made, and that within twenty days after

such owner or owners, or some person legally authorised for that

purposeby him, her, or them, shall arrive in the united kingdom,

ifsuch ship or vessel shall then be in any port of Ireland , and if

not, then within twenty days after such ship or vessel shall fo

arrive, an indorsement shall be made by the owner or owners, or

some person legally authorised for that purpose by him, her, or

them, and a copy thereof shall be delivered in manner herein-

before mentioned, otherwise such bill of sale, or contract or

agreement for sale thereof , shall be utterly null and void to all in-

tents and purposes whatsoever, an entry thereof shall be indorsed,

and a memorandum thereof made in the manner herein-before

directed.

XX. And , in order to prevent masters ofships or vessels of the

united kingdomfrom detaining and refusing to deliver up certificates of

the registry of ships and vessels , to the prejudice of the respective own-

ers thereof , be it enacted. That in cafe the master of any ship or Mode ofpro-

vessel of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland , who ceeding where

shall have received the certificate of the registry thereof , whether masters refuse

to deliverup

such master shall be a part owner or not, shall wilfully detain and certificates of

refuse to deliver up the same to the proper officers empowered to registry.

make registry, and grant a certificate thereof to the owner or

owners, or the major part of the owners of such ship or vessel, if

such master has not any property therein, or on the other owner

or owners, or the major part of the other owners of such ship or

vessel, if such master hath any share or property therein, requir-

ing him so to do, it shall and may be lawful for the owner or

owners, or the major part of the owners of such ship or vessel, the

certificate of the registry of which shall be detained and refused

to be delivered up as aforesaid, to make complaint on oath

against the master of the ship orveffel, who shall so detain and refuse

PP4

584 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 61. [1802.

refuse to deliver up the same as aforesaid , of such detainer and

refusal to anyjustice of the peace residing near to the place where

such detainer and refusal shall be in the united kingdom of

Great Britain and Ireland , or to any member of the supreme

court ofjustice, or anyjustice of the peace in the islands offer-

Sey , Guernsey, or Man, or in any colony , plantation, island, or

territory to his Majesty belonging in America or the West Indies,

where such detainer and refusal shall be in any of the places last

mentioned; and on such complaint the said justice or other ma-

gistrate shall and is hereby required, by warrant under his hand

and seal, to cause such master to be brought before him to be ex-

Penaltyfor detaining cer-

amined, touching such detainer and refusal ; and if it shall appear

!

tificates.

to the said justice or other magistrate, on examination of the

master or otherwise, that the said certificate of registry is not loft

or mislaid, but is wilfully detained bythe said master, such master

shall be thereof convicted, and shall forfeit and pay the fum of

one hundred pounds, and on failure of payment thereof , he shall

be committed to the common goal, there to remain, without bail

or mainprize, for such time as the said justice or other magistrate

shall, in his discretion, deem proper, not being less than six months

nor more than twelve months .

Magistrates to XXI. And be it further enacted, That the said justice, or

certify thede- other magistrate , shall and he is hereby required to certify the

tainer of such

certificates to aforesaid detainer, refusal, and conviction, to the person or per-

the persons sons who granted such certificate of registry for such ship or vessel,

whogranted who shall, on the terms and conditions of law being complied

them , and

with, make registry of such ship or vessel de novo, and grant a

they shall makeregistry

certificate thereof conformably to law , notifying on the back of

denovo.

such certificate the ground upon which the ship or vessel was fo

registered de novo.

XXII. And whereas it is expedient that the officers empowered to

make registry ofships and vessels, and to grant certificates thereof , in

cafeany suchship or vessel is required to be registered de novo, should

be authorised to require the production of every bill or other instrument

of sale by which the property in anyship or vessel is transferred; be it

Wherepro- therefore enacted, That when and so oftenas the property in any

perty is tranf-

ferred, no ship or vessel belonging to any of his Majesty's subjects, shall ,

vessel shall be

by sale, be transferred, in whole or in part , to any other or

registered de

novo unless

others of his Majesty's subjects, and such ship or vessel shall be

thebill of sale

required to be registered de novo , it shall and maybe lawful to

isproduced ,

and for all and every the officer and officers in Ireland , empower-

butthe com-

ed to make registry of ships and vessels, and togrant certificates

missioners of

thereof , to require, and he and they are hereby authorised and

the customs,

directed to require the bill or other instrument of sale thereof to

&c . mayin particularca-

be produced to him or them; and in cafe such bill or other in-

sesdirectstrument of sale shall be so required to be produced , and the same

registry to be shall not be produced to such officer or officers, the said officer

madewithout. or officers thall not make registry, nor grant a certificate of re-

gistry de novo, for any such ship or vessel : provided always, that

it shall and may be lawful for the commissioners of his Majesty's

customs

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 61. 585

customs in Ireland , or any three or more of them, if application

shall bemadeto the commissioners of the customs in Ireland , and for

the governor, lieutenant governor, or commander in chief for the

time being, of the islands ofGuernsey or Jersey, or of any colony,

plantation, island, or territory to his Majesty belonging, if such

application shall be made to any of them respectively, upon due

consideration of the particular circumstances of the cafe, to give

1

direction for registering such ship or vessel de novo , and granting

acertificate of such registry, notwithstanding such bill or other

instrument of sale shall not have been produced as aforesaid, and

such registry shall be made, and such certificate thereof shall be

granted accordingly : provided always, that all the other regulations required by the laws in force concerning the registry de novo

ofships and vessels, be complied with.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That in case there shall be any On alteration

alteration ofproperty in the same port by the sale of one or more of property in

shares in any ship or vessel, after registering thereof , and the sameport,

vessels in the

owners or proprietors of such ship or vessel who were owners they may be

or proprietors thereof at the time such ship or vessel was registered de

last registered, or whose property therein has not been so tranf- novo.

ferred , shall be desirous of having the ship or vessel registered de

novo , it shall and may be lawful for the proper officers empowered

to register ships and vessels in Ireland , and to grant certificates

thereof; and such officers are hereby authorised and required to

register every such ship or vessel de novo , provided all the rules,

regulations, and conditions of the before recited act, passed in the

twenty- seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, and of

allother laws in force concerning the registry ofships and vessels

de novo, be complied with.

XXIV. And whereas Irish ships or wessels the property of which is

inwhole or inpart transferred to persons not beingsubjects of his Majesty , are not entitled to the privileges of British or Irish ships and

vessels ; and to preventfrauds in the employment of suchships or vessels ,

as British or Irish ships or vessels , contrary to the intention of the

laws ofnavigation, they are now by law required, in certain cafes to

beregisteredde novo, for which purpose it is necessary that suchship

or vessel should proceed with all due diligence to the port to which he

belongs, or to any other port to which she may be legally registered by

virtue of the said act passed in Ireland, in the twenty- seventh year of

-bis present Majesty's reign, in order to be registered de novo; be it

enacted, That, from and after the first day of November one Regulations

for the con-

thousand eight hundred and two, as often as any such transfer ofduct ofmaf-

property in any ship or vessel shall be made, while such thip or ters where

vessel is upon the fea on a voyage to a foreign port or ports , in property is

case the master of such ship or vessel is privy to such transfer, or transferred in

a vessel whileincafe he is not fo privy, as soon as he shall become acquainted onavoyage to

therewith, such ship or vessel shall proceed directly to the port or a foreign port,

ports for which the cargo then on board is destined, and shall fail or therein, or

from such port or ports to which the cargo then on board is while on a

fishing voyage,

destined , to the port of his Majesty's dominions to which she be- and on failure

longs, or to any other port to which the may be legally registered of compliance

by

586 Annoregniquadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. C. 61. [1802.

the vessel shall by virtue of the said act; and such ship or vessel may take on

notbe entitledboard in the port or ports for which her original cargo was

to theprivi- leges of a

destined , or in any other port or ports being in the course ofher

British or Irish voyage to the port of his Majesty's dominions, in which she may

vessel, unless be so registered de novo, such cargo, and no other as shall be def-

inparticular tined , and may be legally carried to such port of his Majesty's

the

Cales , thoners dominions, where the may be so registered de novo; and if such

of thecuf- transfer of property shall be made while such ship or vessel is in

toms, &c.may any foreign port, and the master of such ship or vessel is privy to

order her to such transfer, or in case he is not so privy , as soon as he shall be-

be againregif- come acquainted therewith, such ship or vessel, after having de-

tered .

livered the cargo then on board such ship or vessel at the port or

ports for which it is destined, shall fail from such port or ports to

the port of his Majesty's dominions to which she belongs, or

to any other such port in which she may be legally registered

by virtue of the said act , and may take on board at the port or

ports for which her original cargo was so destined, or at any

other port, being in the course of her voyage to the port of his

Majesty'sdominions in which she maybe so registered de novo ,

such cargo and no other , as shall be destined, and may be legally

carriedto such port of his Majesty's dominions where the may be

so registered de novo ; and if such transfer of property shall be

made while such ship or vessel is on a fishing voyage , and the

master of such ship or vessel is privy to such transfer, or in case

he is not so privy, as soon as he shall become acquainted there-

with, such ship or vessel after having finishedsuch fishing voyage,

without touching at any foreign port or ports, except for the

purpose of repairs or refreshments, or for delivering any part of

the cargo the may have on board , destined for such foreign port

or ports, thall fail to the port of his Majesty's dominions to

which the belongs, or to any other such port where she may be

legally registered by virtue of the said act, and maytake on board

at the foreign port or ports last described, or at any other port or

ports , being in the course of her voyage to the port of his

Majesty's dominions, where the maybe so registered de novo,

such cargo, and no other, as shall be destined, and may be legally

carried to such port of his Majesty's dominions ; and every such

ship or vessel as aforesaid, shall be registered de novo as soon as she

returns to the port of his Majesty's dominions to which the be-

Jongs, or to any other such port in which she may be legally

registered by virtue of the said act, on failure whereof such ship

or vessel shall, to all intents and purposes, be from henceforth

considered, and deemed and taken to be, a foreign ship or vessel,

and shall not again be registered, and be entitled to the privileges

of a British or Irish ship or vessel, unless such special representation of the circumstances of the cafe to four or more of the commissioners of his Majesty's customs in England , or to three or

more of the commitsioners of his Majesty's customs in Scotland

or Ireland, or to the governor, lieutenantgovernor, or commander

in chief for the time being of the islands ofGuernsey or Jersey, or

of any colony , plantation, island, or territory to his Majesty belonginga

i

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. c. 62. 587

belonging , as the cafe may be, the said commissioners, governor,

lieutenant governor, or commander in chief , shall respectively,

onconsideration of the special circumstances of the cafe, think

fit to order; and in such case they are hereby authorised to order

that the said ship or vessel shall be registered , and be thereby

again entitled to the privileges of a British or Irish ship or vessel ;

and such registry shall be made , and such certificate thereof shall

be granted accordingly: provided always, that all the regulations required by the laws in force concerning the first registry

of ships and vessels, shall in every such case be complied with :

provided nevertheless, That in no case of the transfer of pro- On transfer

perty inwhole or in part , of any ship or vessel , in the manner of property

no vessels

herein -before mentioned, the ship or vessel of which the pro- shall be regif-

perty is so transferred shall be registered de novo, or be entitled tereddenovo ,

to the privileges of a British or Irish ship or vessel, unless such but within

ship or vessel shall return to the port of his Majesty's dominions certain

towhich the belongs, or to such other port in which she mayperiods .

be registered de novo, within the period of twelve months after

the date of such transfer of property , if such ship or vessel shall

not be on a voyage to the east of the Cape ofGood Hope, or to

the westof Cape Horn, or within two years if the ship or vessel

is on a voyage to the east of the Cape of Good Hope, or to the

west of CapeHorn, at the time such transfer of property shall

take place, except by the order of the said commissioners, gover-

nor, lieutenant governor, or commander inchief respectively ,

upon special representation of the circumstances of the cafe in

manner herein-before authorised.

XXV. And be it enacted, That this act may be repealed,

Act maybe

altered , or varied during the present session of parliament.

repealed or

altered this

session.

CAP. LXII.

An altfor extending the provisions of an act , made in the thirty-

fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty , intituled , An act

for directing the appointment of commissioners to administer

certain oaths and declarations, required by law to be taken

and made by persons offering to vote at the election of mem-

bers to serve in parliament, to alloaths now required by law to

be taken by voters at elections for members toserve in parliament.-

[ June 3, 1802.]

WHEREASbyan

act , passed in the thirty- fourth year of the

his present Majesty, intituled , An act for directing34Geo. 3 .

the appointment of commissioners to administer certain oaths c. 73 .

and declarations, required by law to be taken and made by persons offering to vote at the election of members to serve in parliament , it was (amongst other things) enacted , that when apoll

should be demanded at any election of a member or members to serve

in parliamentfor any county , city , borough, or other place in England or Wales, or for the town ofBerwick -upon -Tweed, the re-

turning officer or officers at every such election , after such pollshould be

588. Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. c. 62. [1802.

be demanded, should, at the instance and request in writing of any of

the candidates, under his or their band or hands, immediately after

such request, and before he or they should proceedfurther in taking

the poll , retain, nominate, and appoint two or more persons to admi-

nifter the oaths of allegiance, fupremacy, the declaration offidelity,

the oath ofabjuration, and the declaration or affirmation of the effect

thereof , required by law to be taken, made, orfubscribed by voters at

elections of members toserve in parliament : and whereas there are

other oaths besides those enumerated in the said act , which voters at

elections ofmembers to serve in parliament may be by law required to

take , the present mode of administering whereof is attended with

delay and inconvenience, and the delay and inconvenience intended by

the said act to have been prevented, are thereby only in part re-

medied; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent

majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiri-

tual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament af-

When apoll sembled , and by the authority of the same, That, from and after

shallbe de-

manded at

the passing of this act, when a poll shall be demanded at any

any election

election of a member or members to serve in parliament for any

for anyplace

county, city, borough, or other place in England or Wales, or

in England ,

for the town of Berwick-upon- Tweed , the returning officer or

&c. the re-

officers at every such election, after such poli shall be demanded,

turning offi-

cer shall ap-

shall, at the instance and request in writing of any candidate or

point twoor

candidates at such election, under his or their hand or hands,

more persons

immediately after such request , and before he or they shall pro-

to administer the oaths, &c .

ceed further in taking the poll , retain, nominate, and appoint

required by

two or more persons (as the cafe may require, ) severally and at

law .

differentplaces, separate and apart from the place where the poll

shall be taken, to administer all the oaths, and take the decla-

rations and attirmations, now required by law to be taken and

made by voters at elections of members to serve in parliament,

and to certify the names of the several and respective electors

who shall take such oaths and make such declarations and affirma-

tions respectively, in the manner prescribed by the said recited

act ; and the persons to be appointed as aforesaid shall respectively

have full power , and each and every of them is hereby authorifed and required, to administer all and every such several and

respective oaths to, and take such declarations and affirmations

from, every such elector who shall desire or be required to take

the fame oaths, or make the same declarations or affirmations,

or any of them, previously to his voting at any such election ;

and every such person so appointed as aforesaid shall , imme-

Personsfo appointed to diately after such appointment, and before he shall take upon

take the

him to act under such appointment, take the following oath ;

following

( that is to fay , )

: Oath.

Do swear, that I will faithfully and impartially administer

the oaths, and take the declarations and affirmations, now

required by law to be taken or made by voters at elections for

members to serve in parliament, to and from such persons as

shall lawfully apply to me in that behalf , in order to qualify themselves

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III . C. 63. 589

themselves to vote at this election; and that I will, on being

thereunto requested, fairly and truly give to every such person,

or any of them, who shall take such oaths, or make such de-

clarations or affirmations respectively, or any of them, before

me, a certificate thereof; and that I will not give such certificate to any person before he shall have taken such oath or oaths,

or make such declaration or declarations, affirmation or affirma-

tions respectively, as shall be mentioned in such certificate, be-

fore me and in my presence.'

Which oath to be taken by the several persons respectively so to

be appointed, the returning officer or officers at every such elec-

tion, and his or their deputy or deputies, or any of them, is

and are hereby authorised and required to administer .

II. And be it further enacted, That all and every the clauses, Powers of

powers, directions , provisions, penalties, and forfeitures, men - 34Geo. 3 .

C. 73-

tionedand contained in the said recited act of the thirty-fourth extended to

year of the reign of his present Majesty, shall be extended to this act.

this act, and be applied for the purposes thereof , in the fame

manner as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in the body

of this present act ; any thing herein contained to the contrary

thereof in anywise notwithstanding .

CAP. LXIII .

An act to authorise thefending and receiving of letters and packets,

votes, proceedings in parliament, and printed newspapers by the

post ,free from the duty of postage , by the members of the two

houses of parliament of the united kingdom , andby certain publick

officers therein named; and for reducing the postage onfuch votes,

proceedings, and newspapers when sent by any other persons.-

[ June 22, 1802.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the members of the two houses

of parliament of the united kingdom of Great Britain, and

Ireland should send and receive letters and packets by the post free

from theduty ofpostage, within the said united kingdom, under certain regulations and restrictions : may it therefore please your Majesty that it maybe enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most

excellent majesty , by and with the advice and consent of the

lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present par- Members of

liament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That, parliament

from and after the passing of this act, so long as the revenue may fend

arising in the general letter office or post office, or office of post- daily by post

within the

master general, shall continue to be carried to and made part of united king-

the consolidated fund of Great Britain, it shall and may be law- dom ro letters

ful to and for each and every member of the two houses of par andreceive 15,

liament of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland to not exceeding

sendbythe post to places within the said kingdom, free from the one ounce each, free

duty of poftage , during the fitting of any session of parliament, from the duty

or within forty days before or forty days after any summons or of postage, on

prorogation of the fame, any number of letters and packets not complying

with certain

exceeding regulations .

590 Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. c.63. [1802.

exceeding ten letters or packets in any one day, so as none of

such letters or packets shall exceed the weight of one ounce,

and so as each of them be superscribed or directed in manner

herein-after mentioned; and also that it shall and may be lawful

to and for each and every member ofboth houses of parliament

of the said united kingdom, during the fitting of any session of

parliament, or within forty days before or forty days after any

summons or prorogation of the same, to receive by the post ,

from places within the said united kingdom, any number of

letters and packets not exceeding fifteen letters or packets in any

one day, so as each such letter and packet do not exceed the

weight of one ounce, and be directed to the member at the

place where he shall actually be at the time of the delivery

thereof , or at his usual place of residence in London, or at the

house of parliament , or the lobby of the house of parliament of

which he shall be a member.

Superscrip- tionofletters

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no

sent shall be

letter or packet whatsoever, directed by any member of either

of the hand

of the two houses of parliament of the said united kingdom ,

writingof the shall be exempted from the payment ofpostage, unless the whole

member, with

the name of

superscription upon every such letter or packetso sent shall be

of the hand writing of the member directing the same, and

thepost town, and

shall have endorsed thereon the name of such member, together

date , &c.

with the name of the post town from which the same is intended

to be sent, and the day , month, and year when the same shall

be to be put into the post office; the day of the month to be in

words at length, and the whole to be of the hand writing of

the member; and also unless every such letter or packet shall be

putinto the general post office , or other post office , or into any

receiving house or place appointed by his Majesty's postmaster

general for the receipt of letters and packets, to be forwarded

by the post on the day of the date put upon such letter or

packet, and unless the member whose name shall be endorsed

thereon shall actually be in the post town into the post office of

which every such letter or packet shall be put, or within twenty

miles of such post town, on the day , or on the day before

the day, on which such letter or packet thall be put into the

post office.

Thesurplus letters above

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when-

ever the number of letters or packets, not weighing more than

the number permitted to one ounce, each sent or received by any member of either of

passfree , shall the two houses of parliament of the said united kingdom, in

be charged any one day, shall exceed the number herein - before permitted

with thepost- topass free from the duty of postage, and the rates of postage on

age inmanner herein the said letters or packets respectively, or any of them, shall

directed.

differ, then such of the said letters or packets as would be

chargeable with an higher rate of postage than the remainder,

shall be included in the number so exempted in preference to

any which would be chargeable with a lower rate of postage;

and the remainder of such letters or packets shall be chargeable

with the several rates of postage respectivelyto which such letters

or

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 63. 591

or packets would by law be chargeable , and fent or received by

any persons not entitled to send or receive letters or packets free

from the duty ofpostage.

IV . And be it further enacted , That it shall be lawful for the The treasury

lord high treasurer or commissioners of the treasury , the secreta - and admi- ralty, secreta-

ries to the treasury , the lord high admiral or commissioners ofries of state ,

the admiralty, the secretaries of the admiralty, his Majesty's clerks of

principal secretaries of state , their under secretaries , the clerks privycouncil,

of his Majesty's most honourable privy council, his Majesty's secretary at

war ,&c. may

secretary at war, the deputy secretary at war , his Majesty's post- send and re-

master general , the secretary to such postmaster general, the ceive within

deputyof the postmaster general for Scotland , his secretary , the the united

surveyors of the post office , the paymaster general of the forces , kingdom,

and

the commander in chief , the secretary to the commander in packets free

chief , the adjutant general of the forces, the comptroller of army from postage;

accounts, all within Great Britain ; his Majesty's lieutenant

general or other chief governor or governors of Ireland , and

his or their chief secretary, his or their secretary for the provin-

ces of Ulster and Munster in Ireland , his or their secretary

residing in Great Britain , the under secretary for the law

department of the chief secretaries office , the under secretary

and first clerk for the military department of the chief secretaries

office , the lord high treasurer or commissioners of the treasury,

the secretary to the treasury, his Majesty's postmaster general,

all within Ireland , and for the time being, to send and receive

letters and packets by the post, free from the duty ofpostage

in the united kingdom, in the same manner and under such

restrictions as persons heretofore or now authorised to send or

receive letters free from the duty of postage , either in Great

Britain or Ireland respectively , do now send and receive letters

free from theduty of postage.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the And the clerk ofpar-

clerk of the parliaments, the clerk assistant, and the reading liaments, and

clerk of the house of peers of the said united kingdom, and the certain clerks

clerk of the house of commons, the deputy to the clerk of the of the house

house of commons, the two clerks afsistant of the house of com- ofpeers and

commons

mons, and the chief clerk without doors of the house ofcom- may send and

mons of the said united kingdom (who receives the fees, and receive let-

pays them to the officers of the said house), to fend and receiveters and

letters and packets within the said united kingdom, free from packets in

the duty ofpostage, in the same manner and under such restrictame manner ;

tions as the clerk of the parliaments and the clerk of the house

of commons are now authorised to send and receive the same

within Great Britain.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it small and may be law- asmayalsothe

ful to and for the treasurer or paymaster of the navy, and treasurer and

inspector of seamen's wills, appointed under an act of parliament paymaster of

thenavyand

made in the twenty -sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty inspector of

for the time being , to send and receive letters within the said seamen'swills.

united kingdom, free from the duty of postage , in the same

manner and under such restrictions as they were by law authorifed ,

1

!

1

!

592 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 63. [ 1802.

rised, previous to the passing of an act made in the thirty- fifth

year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An att for

further regulating thefending and receiving lettersfreefrom the duty

ofpoftage , for allowing non- commissioned officers, seamen, and private

men, in the army and navy, whilst on service, to send and receive

letters at a low rate ofpostage , and for permitting patterns andfam-

ples ofgoods to be transmitted by the post at an easier rate than is now

allowed by law.

Lord chan-

VII. And be it further enacted , That it shall be lawful for

cellor, and certainpub-

the lord high chancellor , the lord high treasurer or commissioners

lick officersin

of the treasury, the secretary to the treasurer, the quarter master

Ireland, may general, the chief commissioner of the barrack board, the assistant

also fendand under secretary for the law department of the chief secretaries

receive letters

andpacketsby

office, the first clerk of the civil department in the said office,

thepost in

the treasurer or receiver general of the post office , the comp-

Ireland, free

troller of the forting office in the post office, and the surveyors of the

from postage.

post office, all within Ireland , for thetime being , to send and receive

letters and packets by the post in Ireland , free from the duty of

postage, in the same manner and under such restrictions, as certain

officers in Ireland have been accustomed in respect of their offices ,

to send and receive letters and packets, under and by virtue of an

act of parliament made in the fortieth year of his present Majesty's

reign, for granting certain duties and rates upon the postage and

conveyance of letters and packets in Ireland.

Postmasterge-

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for

neral of Ireland may au-

his Majesty's postmaster general of Ireland for the time being to

thorise two

authorise under his hand and seal, any persons, not exceeding

persons to

two in number at one time, to fend by the post letters and

fend letters

packets which shall concern the business of the post office only,

andpackets concerning the

free from the duty of postage so as such persons, so to be autho-

post office ,

rifed, do make and subscribe an indorsement upon each letter or

free from the

packet, signifying that such letter or packet is upon his Ma-

dutyofpost-

jesty's service, and to seal the same with the seal of office ; which

age , &c .

persons are hereby strictly forbid so to indorse and seal any letter

or packet whatsoever, unless such only concerning which they

shall receive the special direction of their superior officer, or

which they shall themselves know to concern the business of

their respective offices ; and if any such person, so to be authorised, shall knowingly make and subscribe such indorsement, or

procure the same to be made, upon any letter or packet which

does not really concern the business of the office, in respect of

which he is authorised to make the same, he shall for the first

offence forfeit and pay the sum of five pounds, to be recovered,

and applied in such manner as by the act of the ninth year of

the reign of Queen Anne, for establishing a general post office is

directed with respect to penalties inflicted by the said act, and

for the second offence shall be dismissed from his office .

Persons enti-

tled to send

letters, &c.

free from the

cuty of post

age, may, in

IX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case any

person entitled to send any letters or packets free from the duty

of postage, being, by bodily infirmity, disabled from writing

the whole superscription of such letters or packets, shall chuse

to

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 63. 593

to authorise and appoint some one person on his behalf , and cafe of bodily

inhis tead, to sign his name upon, and write the superfcription infirmiry, authorise aper-

of such letters and packets, and thall cause notice thereof in fon to write

writing under his hand and seal, or under the hand and seal of their name

any person authorised by him so to notify the fame, such autho- and super-

rity being to be certified and attested bythe signature of any fcription, and

the postmaster

witnesses who shall have been present whenfuch authority was general thall

given , and who shall subscribe such notice, to be tranfinitted to permit such

his Majesty's postmaster general, all such letters and packets fo letters, on

signed and superscribed by the person so authorised and ap- such appoint-

ment being

pointed , shall be allowed to pass free of the duty of poftage, attested and

and shall in all respects be proceeded with as if the whole super- transmitted to

scription had been of the hand writing of the person by whom him, to go

such authority was given as aforesaid.

free.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Members of

every member of both houses of parliament of the united king. Parliament and clerks of

dom, and the said respective clerks of the two houses of par - bothhouses

liament herein-before mentioned, to fend by the post, within before men-

the said united kingdom, any printed votes, proceedings in par- tioned may

liament , printed newspapers, free from the

or dutyof postage, proceedings

fend

so as the fame be sent without covers, or in covers open at in parliament ,

the fides, which shall be 6gned on the outside thereof by the and newspa-

hand of any member of parliament, or either of the said respec- pers, free from

tive clerks, in such manner as hath been heretofore practised ; the dutyof

and also that it shall and may be lawful to and for each and poftage , if

fent without

every member of both the said two houses of parliament, and covers or in

for each and every of the said respective clerks, to authorise covers open

printed votes, proceedings in parliament, and printed news- at the fides,

and may au-

papers, to be sent by the post , free from the duty of poftage , thorite others

addressed to him at such place and places within the said united to fend the

kingdom as he thall have previously given notice in writing, to fame.

the postmaster general, either at London, or Dublin.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the several persons who, Persons au-

by virtue of any act or acts of parliament passed in the parlia- thorised to

ment of Great Britain, or in the parliament of Ireland , and now fend votes,

& c. under any

in force, are authorised in respect of their offices to fend votes, former act

proceedings in parliament, and printed newspapers, free from empowered to

the duty of postage, shall and may fend the fame within the do fo in any

united kingdom, infuch and the like manner as they have here- part of the

tofore been accustomed to do. unitedking-

dom.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Packets fo

his Majesty's postmaster general in England and Ireland respec- fent to be in-

tively , or any of the officers employed under him or them spected atthe

respectively, to examine and search any packet fent without a post office,

and if found

cover, or in a cover open at the fides , in order to discover to conceal any

whether any other paper or thing whatsoever be inclosed or con- thing, &c.

cealed in or with such printed paper , as is hereby permitted to they shall be

be sent free of poftage without a cover , or in a cover open at charged treble

poftage , &c.

the fides, and in order to discover whether such printed news-

papers shall have been duly stamped ; and in cafe any such

other paper or thing whatsoever shall be found to be inclosed

VOL. XLIII. Re or

594 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 63. [ 1802 .

or concealed in or with such printed paper as aforesaid, or in

cafe there shall be any writing other than the superscription

upon such printed paper, or upon the cover containing the

fame, the whole of such packet shall be charged with treble the

duty of postage; and in cafe any such newspaper shall appear

not to have been duly stamped, every such officer is hereby required to stop the fame, and send it to the commissioners of the

stamp duties, either at London or Dublin, as the cafe may be.

Anyperson

XIII . Provided always , and be it further enacted, That it

mayfend

shall be lawful for any person whatsoever to send any printed

votes, proceedings in ,

votes, proceedings in parliament , and printed newspapers, by

parliament,

the post to Ireland, at the rate of one penny only for the carriage

and newipa- pers by the

of each printed vote and proceeding in parliament, and each

post to Ireland printed newspaper, and also for any person whatsoever to send

at the rate of any printed newspaper by the post from Ireland to England and

Id. for each ; Scotland , at the rate of one penny only for the carriage of each

and newspa- printed newspaper ; such printed votes, proceedings, and printed

pers from Ire.

pand to Eng- newspapers when so sent to be open at both ends ; the said fum

landandScot- of one penny to be paid when the said printed votes, proceed-

land at the

ings in parliament , and printed newspapers shall be put into the

likerate of

post office; which printed votes, proceedings in parliament, and

ifleft

open atboth printed newspapers shall, on such payment as aforesaid , be

marked post paid, and the money received thereon in Great

ends.

Britain shall be carried to the revenue of the post office of Great

Britain, and the money received thereon in Ireland shall be car-

ried to the revenue of the post office of Ireland.

Forging the XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any person whatso-

handwriting ever shall, from and after the first day of July one thousand

of any person , eight hundred and two, forge or counterfeit the hand writing of

in the super-

fcription of

any person whatsoever in the superscription of any letter

or

any letter or

packet to befent bythe post , in order to avoid the payment of the

packet, or al-

duty of postage , or shall forge , counterfeit, or after, or shall

tering the

date thereof,

procure to be forged, counterfeited , or altered, the date upon

to avoid the

the superfcription of any such letter or packet, or shall write and

payment of

send by the post , or cause to be written and sent by the post ,

postage , &c.

any letter or packet, the superfcription or cover whereof shall be

deemed fe-

1

lony .

forged or counterfeited, or the date upon such superscription or

cover altered, in order to avoid the payment of the duty of

postage , knowing the same to be forged, counterfeited, or

altered, every person fo offending, and being thereof convicted

in due form of law, shall be deemed guilty of felony, and shall

be transported for seven years .

Act maybe

altered or repealed this

session .

XV. And be it further enacted , That this act may be altered,

varied, or repealed by any act or acts to be made in this present

session of parliament.

CAP.

i 1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III . c . 64. 595

CAP. LXIV .

An act to revive and further continue, until the twenty- fifth day of

March one thousand eight hundred and three, and amend so much

of an att made in the thirty- ninth and fortieth years of the reign

of his present Majesty, as grants certain alowances to adjutants

andferjeant-majors of militia , disembodied under an act of the

Same Session of parliament. -[June 22, 1802. ]

WHEREAS it is expedient that an act passed in the thirty-ninth

and fortieth years of the reign ofbis present Majesty, intituled,

An act for granting , until the twenty - fifth day of March one 39 & 40 Geo.

thousand eight hundred and one, certain allowances to adjutants, 3. C. 44 .

serjeant-majors, and serjeants of militia , disembodied under an

act of this seffion of parliament, intituled, ' An act for enabling

his Majesty to accept the services of an additional number of

volunteers from the militia, under certain restrictions ; which

was revived by an act made in the forty - first year of the reign of his

present Majesty, and continued until the twenty- fifth day of March

one thousand eight hundred and two, should be again revived andfur-

ther continued , so far as the fame relates to adjutants andferjeant-

majors; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent

majesty , by and with the advice and consent of the lords

spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament

assembled, and by the authority of the same , That the said re- Recited act

cited act, and the allowances therein granted and mentioned to revived from

adjutants and serjeant-majors, and all the provisions relating Mar. 25, 1802 ,

and continued

thereto , shall be revived from the said twenty-fifth day of March till Mar. 25,

one thousand eight hundred and two, and continued until the 1803, as far as

twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and three, relates to allowances

so far as the same relates to adjutants and serjeant-majors, and made to adju-

that all such and the like allowances as would have been pay- tants and fer-

able and paid unto any adjutants and serjeant-majors if the faidjeant- majors .

act and allowances had been continued by any act of parliament before the said twenty-fifth day of March one thousand

eight hundred and two, shall be payable and paid, and all

arrears thereof fully satisfied , in like manner in every respect as

if this act had passed before the said twenty- fifth day of March

one thousand eight hundred and two .

II . And be it further enacted, That every reduced adjutant Reduced ad-

entitled to any allowance under this act may receive and takejutants en-

such allowance, together with the pay of any such other commif - titled to any

allowance un-

mission, or any such other allowance or emolument, as is der this act

allowed to be held or received by any adjutant of any militia may receive

in that part of Great Britain called England, together with any the fame, with

pay or allowance to which he may be entitled as such adjutant : such pay or

emoluments

provided always, that no such reduced adjutant shall be entitled as are allowed

to receive any allowance under this act during the time he shall to be received

hold any office of profit, civil or military, under his Majesty , by adjutants

of the militia.other than such as aforesaid .

९९२ CAP.

596 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III.C.65 . [1802.

CAP. LXV.

An act for making allowances, until the twenty-fifth day of March

one thousand eight hundred and three, in certain cafes, to subaltern

officers of the militia of Ireland , during peace.-[June 22,

1802.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to make some addition to the pay of

certain fubaltern officers of the militia forces of Ireland who

have served during the present war, after the disembodying of thesaid

forces, and during peace, under certain regulations ; may it there-

fore please your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it

enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the

advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the autho-

From the dif- rity of the fame, That, from and after the disembodying of the

embodying of militia forces of Ireland, certain annual allowances, over and

the militia in

Ireland, the above the pay to which during peace they are now en-

fubalternsshall titled , shall for the future be allowed and paid to fubaltern

have certain

officers of the militia, of the descriptions, to the amount, un-

annual allow der the restrictions , and in the manner herein- after expressed ;

ances over the

paythey may ( that is to say ) , to every fubaltern of militia, who now bears

be entitled to a commission , is serving, and shall continue faithfully to

during peace. serve in the fame corps, or who, previous to the expiration of

four months from the passing of this act, shall be appointed to a

commission, and shall continue faithfully to serve in the em-

bodied militia, and in the fame corps, until the disembodying

thereof , the following annual allowances, over and above the

pay to which they may be by law entitled during peace, shall be

allowed and paid, over and above any deduction of any kind, or

for any purpose whatsoever ; (that is to fay ) , to a lieutenant

twenty- five pounds per annum, and to an ensign twenty pounds

per annum, in the manner herein-after mentioned.

Exceptions.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no per-

fon who is or shall at any time hereafter become poffefsed of

such an estate or income, as would by law entitle him to hold

a captain's commission in the militia of a county at large, or

who is or shall be at any time hereafter appointed adjutant or

battalion clerk in any regiment or battalion of militia, nor any

person deriving in any way whatsoever, otherwise than as a

fubaltern of militia, any income, stipend, or allowance whatso-

ever from the publick, nor any officer on the full or half pay of

the navy , army, or marines, who shall also hold a fubaltern's

commission in the militia, shall have or be in anywise entitled to

the said annual allowance, or any part or share thereof ; any thing

herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wife notwith-

standing.

Subalterns to

takethe

following

III. And be it further enacted, That the fubaltern officers of

militia, who shail claim under the authority of this act to re-

ceive either of the said annual allowances, shall, previous to

receiving the fame, and in order to entitle themselves thereto,

annually take and subscribe an oath before some one of his Majesty's

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 65. 597

Majesty'sjustices of the peace for the county, or county of a

city , or county of a town, to which such regiment or battalion

1 ,

in which they serve thall belong, in the words or to the effect

following; ( videlicet),

the ἹA. B. do swear, That I am serving as a fubaltern officer in Oath.

regiment or battalion of militia, and that

Iam not in my own right, or in right of my wife, nor have

been since the disembodying of the said regiment or battalion in

the actual possession and enjoyment or receipt of the rents and

profits of lands, tenements, or hereditaments of such an annual

value above reprizes, as would qualify me to hold a captain's

commission in the militia of a county at large; that I am not,

nor have been, since the disembodying of the said regiment or

battalion , an adjutant or battalion clerk in any regiment or bat-

talion of militia ; that I do not hold or enjoy , nor have held

orenjoyed, nor does nor has any person for me hold or enjoy,

or held or enjoyed, since the disembodying the said regiment or

battalion, any office or income whatsoever from the publick ;

and that I am not entitled either to the full or half pay of the

navy, army , or marines, nor have been since the disembodying

of the said regiment or battalion . So help me GOD. '

Which oath so taken and subscribed , shall be by the said justice

forthwith certified and transmitted, and he is hereby required to

Justices shall transmit oaths

certify and transmit the same to the collector of excise of the

to the collec-

tor ofexcife of

district in which the county, county of a city , or county of a

the district.

town, to which such regiment or battalion of militia in which

such subaltern officer shall be then serving shall be situate, to

be by him filed and preserved for the purposes herein-after mentioned .

IV. And be it further enacted, That every fubaltern officer Subalterns

of the militia who shall be entitled, or claim to be entitled to shall attend

the annual

the benefits of this act, shall regularly attend the annual exer- exercise, on

cife and training of the regiment or battalion towhich he be- pain of fer-

longs, during the whole of the twenty-eight days by law re- feiting the

quired for that purpose, and shall , during that time, punctually allowance and

do and perform his duty as a fubaltern officer of such regiment their pay.

or battalion, on pain of forfeiting the said annual allowance, as

well as the rest of his pay, and every part thereof which may

be due for the current year, in which he shall neglect or refute

to attend; and certificates of his having so attended and per- Certificate of

formed his duty, signed by the commanding officer of the re- such attend-

giment or battalion to which he may belong, shall be tranfinitted ance thall be transmitted by

by the said commanding officer to the collector of excise of the the command-

district in which the county , county of a city, or county of a ing officer to

town, to which such regiment or battalion in which such fubal-

the collector

of the excise

tern officer is then serving shall belong, is situate, to be by the of the district ,

said collector received previous to any such fubaltern officer &c.

being

९९३

1

598 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 65. [ 1802 .

being entitled to demand or receive the said annual allowance ,

or any part thereof ; and in case any such subaltern officer,

claiming to be entitled to such annual allowance, shall be by his

commanding officer permitted or suffered, for any special cause

or unavoidable meceffity, to be absent during the whole or any

part of such annual exercise , in which cafe it shall be lawful for

such commanding officer to grant such leave of absence, and for

such fubaltern officer who may be so permitted to be absent , to

demand and receive the said annual allowance, and every part

thereof , in like manner as if he had attended during the whole

of the annual exercise , the reasons for such absence, as well as

the duration thereof , shall be carefully and truly specified in the

certificates before mentioned, signed bythe commanding officer,

to be by him transmitted as soon as conveniently may be to the

collector of excise for the district in which such county, county

of a city, or county of a town, to which such regiment or bat-

talion thall belong, is situate, and to the chief secretary of his

excellency the lord lieutenant.

If militiabe

V. Provided always , and be it further enacted, That in cafe

not called out any regiment or battalion of militia, after the disembodying

to annual

exercise, the thereof , at any time shall not be called out for the annual exer-

fubalternsstill cife and training thereof , every fubaltern officer belonging to

to be entitled any such regiment or battalion, and coming within the descrip-

to the allow- tions of this act, who shall have taken the oath herein-before

ance. mentioned, before any such justice of the peace as aforesaid,

shall be entitled to the said annual allowance, as if such subal-

tern officer had regularly attended the annual exercise and train-

ing of such regiment or battalion, during the whole of the

twenty-eight days by law required for that purpose, and a certificate of such attendance , signed by the commanding officer of

such regiment or battalion, had been transmitted to the collector

of excise for the district in which such county , county ofa city ,

or county of a town, to which such regiment or battalion shall

belong, is situate, according to the directions of this act; any

thing contained in this act to the contrary notwithstanding.

Allowances

shall be paid without de-

duction .

VI. And be it further enacted, That upon such certificate as

aforesaid of such justices of the peace and commanding officer as

aforesaid, or where any regiment or battalion shall not have

been called to their annual exercise as aforesaid, upon certificate

of any such justice of peace only being produced to or received

by the respective collectors , it shall and may be lawful for such

collectors , and they are hereby authorised and required to pay

to the said fubaltern officers , according to their respective commissions of licutenant or ensign, the annual allowance above

mentioned, in addition to their pay, without any deduction

whatsoever, out of any publick monies in their hands, all which

monies so paid by such collectors shall be allowed them in their

accounts ; the certificates before mentioned to be by them pre-

served and produced as vouchers for the payments from time to

time made by them in pursuance of this act.

VII. And

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 65. 599

VII . And be it further enacted , That the fubaltern officers ofSubalterns

the militia , entitled or claiming to be entitled to the benefits ofnot attending

when called

this act , shall at all times be liable to serve in the respective re- upon shall

giments or battalions to which they belong, whenever the fame forfeit their

shall be embodied or called out upon actual service ; and in cafe claims .

of neglect or refusal to attend when called upon, or in cafe any

such fubaltern officer shall a second time neglect or refuse to

attend, and perform his duty at the annual exercise as before

directed, each and every such subaltern officer shall forfeit his

and their claim to the said annual allowance, and every part

thereof , in all time to come, and shall also be considered as hav-

ing resigned and vacated his and their commission and commif-

fions to all intents and purposes whatever.

VIII. And be it further enacted , That the said several annual Allowances

allowances shall be paid to the persons respectively entitled thallbe paid

by collectors

thereto, by the collectors , upon the production of the before- onproduction

mentioned several certificates, as soon after the times of the of certificates .

annual exercise and training as may be convenient or practi-

cable: provided always, that nothing in this act contained shall Subalterns

extend, or be construed to extend , to prevent any fubaltern may receive

payfor

officer entitled to the benefit of it, from receiving the pay al- attending an-

lowed bylaw for his attendance at such annual exercise as before- nual exercise,

but not en-

mentioned, over and above the said annual allowance: provided titled to the

also, that nothing in this act contained shall extend, or be con- allowance

strued to extend , to entitle any fubaltern officer as aforesaid to while the

the said annual allowance, or any part thereof , during the time militia is

the regiment or battalion to which he belongs shall be embodied embodied.

orcalled out on actual service : provided also, that this act, and Allowance to

the benefits and allowances therein contained, shall not extend, extend only

to a certain

or be construed to extend, to more than ten lieutenants in any number .

regiment containing more than ten companies ; to more than

nine lieutenants in any regiment containing more than eight and

less than eleven companies ; to more than eight lieutenants in

any regiment or battalion containing more than fix and less than

nine companies; to more than five lieutenants in any regiment

or battalion, consisting of fix or of a less number of companies .

IX. And be it further enacted, That in cafe in any regiment Senior lieute-

or battalion of militia, at the time of disembodying thereof , nants thall

have thepre-

there shall happen to be a greater number of lieutenants, coming ference, and

within the description of this act, than can be entitled to claim the junior

the benefits thereof , within the true intent and meaning of the shall succeed

foregoing proviso, the senior lieutenants of such number shall on vacancies.

always be preferred, and shall be alone entitled to demand and

receive the above-mentioned allowances , and that the junior

lieutenants shall succeed to such allowances in rotation as vacan-

cies may happen among the said senior lieutenants from time to

time.

X. And be it further enacted, That this act shall continue in Continuance

force until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight of his act.

hundred and three, and no longer.

९९t CAP.

6co Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 66. [1802.

CAP. LXVI.

An act to enable his Majesty to avail himself of the offers of certain

yeomanry and volunteer corps to continue their services. -[June

22, 1802.]

WRA HEREAS it is expedient

to enable bis Majesty to avail him-

continue their services : and whereas it would tend to encourage the

continuance of such corps ofyeomanry and volunteers, ifpersons enrolled

andferving therein were to be exempted from serving personally, or

providing fubflitutes , for the militia , under certain regulations ; be

it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and

with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal,

and commons, in this present parliament assembled, andby the au-

His Majesty mayaccept

thority of the fame, Thatit shall be lawful for his Majesty to accept

the service of the offers of service of any corps of yeomanry or volunteers al-

any corps of ready formed, or that have served during the late war, and that

yeomanry or may be willing to continue to serve, and also to accept the offers

volunteers on of service of any corps of yeomanry or volunteers that may at

such conditi-

ons as he may any time hereafter be formed, upon such terms and conditions

think proper respectively, as may to his Majesty seem fit and proper .

Persons inrol- II. And be it further enacted, That every person inrolled or

ledinfuch

to be inrolled and serving in any corps ofyeomanry or volunteers

corps, and re- in Great Britain, which shall hereafter be continued or formed in

turnedin the Great Britain, with the approbation of his Majesty, under officers

muster roll required by this having commissions from his Majesty, or lieutenants of counties,

act, and certi- or others who may be specially authorised by his Majesty for that

fied tohaveat-purpose, who shall have attended the exercise of his corps on a

tended the ex- certain number of days of muster and exercise, and who shall be

ercife of their

corps, shall be returned in the muster rolls required by this act, and certified to

exemptedto

have attended the respective number of days therein mentioned,

serve in the

militia.

unless prevented in manner therein mentioned, shall be exempt

from being liable to serve personally or to provide a substitute in

the militia of Great Britain .

Exemption

nottobe

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no such

exemption thail be claimed or allowed in the present or any fu-

allowed unless

mufter rolls in ture year respectively , unless muster rolls in the form in the

the form an- schedule to this act annexed, marked ( A. ), shall, within three

nexed, mark- months after the passing of this act for the present year, and on

ed( A.) shall or before the twenty- first day of September for any future year, in

be transmittedwhich such exemption may be claimed, be transmitted to the

to thelieute-

nant of the lieutenant of the county , riding, or place within which such

county , &c . corps of yeomanry or volunteers thall be continued or formed ,

*and the com or to some person duly authorised by him to receive the fame,

manding offi- which muster rolls shall be by him fent to the clerk of the gene-

cershall annex

a certificate in ral meetings of the said county, riding, or place, on or before the

the form an- first day of October next following , who thall thereupon transmit

nexed, markedextracts therefrom, containing the names of the said persons in

( B. )that he each subdivision, to the clerks of the subdivision meetings, who

has not insert-

ed the name are hereby required forthwith to enter such exemption on the

of any person rolls of such militia ; and the commanding officer so transmitting

the

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III.C. 66. 601

the same shall annex thereto a certificate, in the form in the sche who has not

dule to this act annexed, marked (B.), signed by himself , certi- attendedexer

fying that he has not , to the best of his knowledge and belief , &c.

cife fivedays,

inserted in the said muster roll the name of any person who has

not attended properly armed and equipped, at the muster and

exercise of the corps to which he shall belong , five days at the

least in the course of the year preceding such certificate, unless preventedby actual sickness, such sickness tobe certified bysome medi-

cal practitioner to such commanding officer as aforesaid; and no

person shall at any time be entitled to claim such exemptions as

aforesaid, unless his name shall be found on the last muster rolls

which shall have been transmitted and certified pursuant to this act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in the said muster rolls Personsresign-

there shall be inserted the name of every person inrolled in any ing ordif-

such corps as aforesaid, who shall, since the date of the last mufter chargedfrom

such corps

roll, have notified to the commanding officer thereof his intention shall lofe the

of discontinuing his service therein, or have been discharged from benefit ofex-

such corps, on account of non-attendance, or otherwise ; and emption from

that ifany such person, during the period of his having been en- militia .

serving in the

rolled in such corps , shall have been drawn for the militia, and

shall have been exempted from service therein, on account of his

enrolment and service in such yeomanry and volunteer corps, he

shall, on such resignation or discharge as aforesaid, be liable to

serve for the district in which he was drawn, in the same manner

as if he had not been exempted; and ifthere shall be at that time

no vacancy for the district for which he was drawn, he or his

substitute shall be accounted a supernumerary for the fame , until

a vacancy thall arise .

V. And be it further enacted, That no person shall be entitled Exemption

to claim such exemption as aforesaid, by reason of his enrolment not to be allowed, unless

and service in any corps ofyeomanry or volunteers, or by reason the command-

ofbeing returned in anyfuch muster rolls as aforesaid, unless the ing officer cer-

commanding officer thereof shall at the times oftransmitting the tify on the

mufter rolls of such corps in manner directed by this act, certify mufter roll

that the corps

at the foot thereof , that such corps has been inspected at least has been in-

once in the space of the preceding year, by some general or field spected once

officer of his Majesty's regular forces, or if such inspection shall at least in the

not have taken place , that such corps is ready and willing to be preceding

so inspected, at its usual place or places and times of meeting ; year.

copies of which certificates shall be certified by such lieutenant

to the clerk of the general meeting, and by him to the subdivision

meetings, together with the muster rolls.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the clerks of the general Clerks of the

meetings of the several counties and places in Great Britain, shall county gene-

ralmeetings

once in every year transmit to one of his Majesty's principal se shall transmit

cretaries of state, abstracts, in the form in the schedule to this act to the secreta-

annexed, marked ( C. ), of the several muster rolls so sent to them ry of state ab-

respectively within the year ; which abstracts shall express the stracts of

the mufter

names of the several corps, the number of persons enrolled and rolls in the

serving therein, and the number in every such corps exempted form annexed,

from serving in the militia respectively.

marked (C.)

VII. And

602 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 66. [ 1802 .

Person's re-

VII. And be it further enacted, That every person enrolled

turned in any aud serving in any corps ofyeomanry or volunteer cavalry, after

mufter roll as

having used

the passing of this act, who shall be returned in any such mufter

anyhorse for

roll as aforesaid, as having used any horse, mare, or gelding for

the service

such service during such days of muster and exercise as aforesaid,

shall be ex-

empted from

shall be exempt from the payment of the duties granted by and

the duty

consolidated in an act, passed in the forty -second year of the

granted by 42 reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An alt for granting to his

Geo . 3. c. 37. Majesty certain additional duties on servants, carriages, horses, mules,

inrespect of and dogs, and for consolidating the fame with the present duties there-

suchhorse,

andalfo from on, in respect of such horse, mare, or gelding; and also from the

the duties duties granted by an act, passed in the forty-first year of the reign

grantedby41 of his present Majesty , intituled , An act for transferring the

Geo. 3. c. 69. receipt and management of certain duties on certificates for wearing

bair powder, or using armorial bearings, from the commissioners of

1

tamps to the commissioners for the affairs of taxes ; and also for making

further provisions in respect to the said dutiesso transferred in respect

of such persons using hair powder; and every person enrolled and

serving in any corps of volunteer infantry after the passing of this

act, who shall bereturned in any such muster roll as aforesaid, shall

be exempt from the payment of the said last mentioned duties, in

respect of such person, such exemption to be returned and claimed

in the manner in which exemptions are directed to be returned

and claimed by the said last mentioned acts respectively : provided

Claim of such always, that every claim of either of such last mentioned ex-

exemption emptions , shall be proved by the certificate under the hand of the

shall beproved officer commanding the corps in which such person shall be en-

bythecertifi-

cateof the rolled, in the form in the schedule to this act annexed, marked

commanding (D.) ; which certificate shall, between the fifth day of April and

officer.

the first day of May in every year, be delivered to the surveyor or

inspector of the district where such corps shall be enrolled ; and

every person claiming to be exempt from the said duties, or either

of them, shall be charged and chargeable thereto, unless such cer-

Persons who

tificate as aforesaid shall have been delivered pursuant to the

have served in provisions of this act ; any thing in any act to the contrary thereof

any cisbanded notwithstanding .

corps entitled VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every

to be exempt- person who shall have been en.olled, and thall have served in

ed from the

duties on hor- any such yeomanry or volunteer corps which shall have been or shall

fes, or for be disbanded, so as to entitle such person to be exempted from

using hair powderbefore

the said last mentioned duties on horses, orfor using hair powder,

thepaffing of by the laws in force, at and immediately before the passing of his

this act, may act , for the year commencing from the fifth day of April one

claim such ex- thousand eight hundred and two , shall , in respect of such service,

emption for have and claim the like exemption from the said last mentioned-

theyear commencing from duties for the said year, as if this act had not passed, to be

April 5. 1802. claimed and proved in like manner as is directed ' by the said

Persons pro- laws nowin force : provided always, that every person who shall

viding hortes have provided between the fifth day of April one thousand eight

between April hundred and one and the fifth day of

5,1801, and April one thousand eight

April 5, 1802, hundred and two, any horse, mare, or gelding, for any person

for others

1

serving

i

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 66. 603

serving in any corps of yeomanry or volunteer cavalry, or who serving in any

shall have at his or her expence furnished an horse, mare, or corps shall be

exempted

gelding, shall be exempted from the said last mentioned duties from the duty

on horses, for and in respect of every horse, mare, or gelding fo thereon.

by him provided and furnished as aforesaid.

IX . And be it further enacted, That no toll shall be de- Horses going

manded or taken at any turnpike gate or bar, for any horse , to or return-

mare, or gelding, furnished by or for any persons belonging to ing from the

place of exer-

any corps of yeomanry or volunteer cavalry, and rode by them cife of any

in going to or returning from the place appointed for and on the corpsex-

days of exercise; any thing contained in any act or acts to the empted from

contrary notwithstanding : provided always, that such persons toll, &c.

shall be dressed in the uniform of their respective corps , and have

their arms, furniture, and accoutrements, according to the regulations provided for such corps respectively, at the time of

claiming such exemption as aforesaid.

X. And be it further enacted, That every corps of yeomanry Corps who

or volunteers which shall hereafter be continued or formed in shall , onbeing

called on,

any counties or towns in Great Britain with the approbation of voluntarily

his Majesty, under officers having commission from his Majesty, march out of

of from the lieutenants of counties, or others who may be the counties,

specially authorised by his Majesty for that purpose , and who &c . oraf-

femble there-

shall at any time, on being called upon by special direction of in to repel

his Majesty, in case of actual invafion, or appearance of inva- invafion, or

fion, voluntarily march out of their respective counties or towns, to suppress

or shall voluntarily assemble within the same to repel such inva- riots, thall be

entitled to

fion, or who shall voluntarily march, on being called upon in receive pay as

pursuance of any order from his Majesty, or from the lieutenant the regulars,

or sheriff of the county, to act within the county, or the adja- and shall then

cent counties, for the suppreffion of riots or tumults, shall, in be subject to

such cafes, be entitled to receive pay , in such manner and at cipline: militarydif-

such rates as the officers and soldiers of his Majesty's regular

forces, and shall, during the time of their being continued in

such service , and so receiving pay as above, be subject to mili-

tary discipline, and be entitled to be quartered and billetted, as

the rest of his Majesty's regular and militia troops: provided

always, that no officer or soldier of any yeomanry or volunteer but courts

corps shall be liable to be tried or punished by any court mar- martial shall

becomposed

tial at any time, unless such court martial be composed entirely ofofficers

of officers serving in yeomanry or volunteer corps formed as serving in

aforesaid, such court martial to be assembled by warrant under yeomanry or

his Majesty's sign manual, or by warrant from some general or volunteer

other officer duly authorised to hold courts martial. corps .

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Magistrates,

all mayors, bailiffs, constables, tythingmen, headboroughs, and &c. shall

other chief magistrates and officers of cities, towns, parishes, quarter fer-

jeants, &c.

tythings, and places in England , and (in their default or ab- of such corps,

fence), for any one justice of the peace inhabiting within or and their

near any such city, town, parish, tything, or place (but for no

hortes inothers), and they or he are or is hereby required to quarter and inns, &c. on application

billet the serjeants, corporals, and drummers of such corps as for that pur

aforesaid, pose .

604 Annoregni quadragesimo fecundoGEORGII III. c. 66. [1802.

aforesaid, and their horses in inns, livery stables, alehouses, vic-

tualling houses, and all houses of persons felling brandy, strong

waters, cyder, wine, or metheglin, by retail , upon application

made to any such mayors , bailiffs, constables, tythingmen , head-

boroughs, or other chief magistrates or officers , by his Majesty's

lieutenant, or by the officers commanding the said corps; and

that it shall be lawful in Scotland for all justices of the peace and

magistrates of cities, towns, and places, and they and each of

them are and is hereby required to quarter and billet such

serjeants, corporals, and drummers aforesaid, in the fame way

and manner as the serjeants, corporals, and drummers of his

Majesty's regular forces are at present quartered and billetted in

Scotland .

Persons refuf- XII. And be it further enacted, That every person who shall

ing to deliver have received or shall hereafter receive arms or accoutrements,

up arms, &c.

providedat

or cloathing, from the publick stores or at the publick expence ,

the publick or at the expence or charge of any subscription for providing

expence , shall such articles, and who upon quitting any such corps , or being

forfeit 10l .

discharged therefrom, or upon the disbanding of any such corps ,

mall refuse or neglect, on being lawfully required, to deliver up

any such arms, accoutrements, or cloathing, shall, on being convicted thereof before any justice of the peace of the county

within which such corps or company shall have been formed,

forfeit and pay the fum of ten pounds, to be levied by distress

and sale of the offender's goods and chattels, by warrant under

the hand and seal of such justice, rendering the overplus ( if

any), on demand, after deducting the charges of such distress

and sale, to the person whose goods and chattels shall have been

fo distrained and fold; and for want of such sufficient distress,

such justice is hereby required to commit such offender to the

common gaol of the county , riding, or place, where the offence

shall have been committed, for any time not exceeding two

months, and the monies arising by such penalty shall be paid to

the treasurer of the county, riding, or place, where such offence

Officers dif . shall have been committed, to be applied as part of the flock of

abled in

such county, riding, or place.

actual service

entitled to

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all commissioned of-

half pay, and ficers of the said corps, who shall be disabled in actual service ,

non - commif shall be entitled to half pay, and all non- commissioned officers

fioned officers and soldiers so disabled, to the benefit of Chelsea hospital, and

and soldiers

to Chelsea

the widows of commissioned officers killed in the service, to a

hospital, &c. pension for life .

The forms of

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the muster roils, re-

mufter rolls, turns, and certificates respectively, made up, returned, and cer-

&c. hereto tified according to the several forms thereof , ( A.), ( B. ), (C.),

annexed, or of and (D.) annexed to this act, shall be deemed to be sufficient

afimilar

importdeemed and valid for the purposes of the same; but that if , from any

vand .

variation of circumstances , or other reason, these forms should

not be strictly adhered to, instruments of a similar import shall,

nevertheless, be deemed sufficient for the purposes aforesaid.

FORMS

i

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 66. 605

FORMS referred to in the above Act.

( A.)

FORM ofMuster Roll, and Certificates, to be transmitted by the

Commanding Officers of Yeomanry and Volunteer Corps, to the

Lieutenant of the county or place, on or before the

day of

successiveyear. and on or before the

in every

To A. B. his Majesty's lieutenant for the

of

in the

by

MUSTER ROLL of the persons enrolled and serving

of commanded

When

No. Parish . Name. enrolled. No. Parish . Name.

When

enrolled.

I. A. A. B.

2. C. D.

3. E. F.

45678

G. H.

1

9. B. LM.

10. Ν. Ο.

11 . P.2 .

12.

13.

N. B. Discharged or quitted since the date of the last

muster roll :

A. B.

C. D. &c.

Total number in the corps exempt from serving in the

militia 500

Do. not exempt from serving in the militia- 250

...

Total number of men enrolled in the corps- 750

Signed, A. B.

C. D. Commanding officer .

Adjutant , or Serjeant major.

606 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 66. [1802.

( B.)

CERTIFICATE.

K. L.

I hereby coming officer of the do

onour , in pursuance of an act of

parliament, passed in the forty-second year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled, An act [here insert the title of the aft

that I have not, to the best of my knowledge and belief , inserted,

or caused to be inserted, in the above muster roll , containing

[ berespecify the number] names, the name of.

any person who has not duly attended, properly armed and

equipped, at the muster and exercise of the said corps,

days at the least in the course of the year next preceding the

date hereof , or being prevented by actual sickness , certified to

me by a medical practitioner ; and I do further certify , that the

said corps hath, in the course of the year preceding the date

hereof , been inspected by A. B. general or field officer in his

Majesty's service [or, hath been ready and willing to be so in-

spected] as in the said act is provided .

Signed, K. L. Commanding Officer.

Dated the

(C. )

ABSTRACT of Muster Rolls to be yearly transmitted by the lieu-

tenants of counties, &c. to one of his Majesty's principalfecretaries

of state .

To M. N. one of his Majesty's principal secretaries of state.

ABSTRACT of muster rolls of yeomanry and volunteer corps

within the of

received by me O. P.

his Majesty's lieutenant for the fame, since the

day of in the year

Number of

persons en. Number of

When inspected, or if

No Names and descrip- rolled and persons ex-

willing to be fo, as

tions of corps . serving emptfrom

required by the act

therein. militia.

39Geo. 3 .

1. Yeomanry- 600 200

Inspected Oct. 25,

1801.

2. Volunteer cavalry 700 100

3. Infantry- 1000 600

Not inspected, but

willing to be so.

4. Do.- - 700 400 do.

&c. &c.

- &c. &c . &c.

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 67. 607

( D.)

FORM of CERTIFICATE.

commanding officer of the do

I hereby certify , om purange of anat palled in the forty

second year of the reign of his present Majesty , intituled, An

act [ here insert the title of the act, ] that the several persons herein

named and described are severally enrolled and serving in the said

corps, and have duly attended at the muster and exercise of the

said corps for five days at the least in course of the year next

preceding the date hereof , which muster rolls have beenduly

returned, testifying the fame pursuant to the said act .

Signed, Commanding Officer.

Datedthe day of

CAP. LXVII.

An act to extend the provisions of an act, made in the thirteenth year

of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for repeal-

ing so much of an act, made in the twenty-third year of his

late majesty King George the Second, as relates to the preventing the stealing or destroying of turnips, and for the

more effectually preventing the stealing or destroying of tur-

nips, potatoes, cabbages, parsnips, pease , and carrots, to certain other field crops, and to orchards ; and for amending the said

att .-[June 22, 1802.]

WHEREAS

EAS an alt was passed in the thirteenth year of the 13 Geo. 3.

reign of

bis present Majesty , for the more effectually prevent- C. 32 .

ing the stealing or destroying of turnips, potatoes, cabbages, parsnips,

pease , and carrots, growing or being in any garden, lands , or grounds

open or inclosed ; whereby certain penalties are inflicted upon persons

offending against the said act : and whereas it is expedient that the

provisions of the said act should be extended and amended ; may it

therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and

be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and

with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal ,

and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the

Ifanyperfou

shall steal , &c .

authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this or destroy ang

act, if any person shall steal, take away, wilfully or maliciously turnips, &c.

pull up, injure, or destroy any turnips, potatoes, cabbages, growing in

parsnips, beans, pease, or carrots, growing or being in any gar- anygrounds

openor in-

den, orchard, lands, or grounds , open or inclosed, and shall be closed, andbe

thereof convicted before any justice orjustices of the peace for convicted be-

the county or place where the offence shall be committed, in fore ajustice

in manner

the manner directed by the said recited act, every such person fo directed by

offending , and being convicted as aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay, recited act, he

upon such conviction, such sum or fums of money, not exceed- thall forteit

ing the fum of twenty shillings over and above the value of the not exceeding

goods stolen, taken away, wilfully of maliciously pulled up, in- 208. besides

the value of

jured, the goods, &c .

608 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c.68. [1802 .

jured , or destroyed, as to suchjustice orjustices shall seem meet;

which penalties and forfeitures shall be recovered and applied

in the same manner and upon the fame evidence as the penalties

and forfeitures imposed by the said recited act are thereby dia

rected to be recovered and applied; and in default of payment

of the said penalty, such justice orjustices shall commit the of-

fender to the house of correction, there to be kept to hard

labour for any time not exceeding two months, unless such

penalty shall be sooner paid or satisfied.

CAP. LXVIII.

An act to enable his Majesty to accept andcontinue theservices of certain

troops or companies ofyeomanry'in Ireland. -[June 22, 1802.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that his Majesty should be enabled to

accept and continue thefervices of such troops or companies of

his Majesty's loyal subjects in Ireland, as have voluntarily associated

and enrolled themselves under and by virtue of an act passed in the

parliament of Ireland in the thirty - seventh year of bis Majesty's

Irish actof

37Geo. 3 .

reign, intituled , An act for encouraging and disciplining such

corps of men as shall voluntarily enrol themselves under officers

to be commissioned by his Majesty , for the defence of this

kingdom during the present war, or as shall hereafter voluntarily

associate and enrol themselves, or be continued orformed in manner

herein -after mentioned ; and that his Majesty or chief governor or

governors of Ireland for the time being, should also be empowered,

according to his and their discretion , fully to discharge and dismiss the

said troops or companies , or any of them, and to call in and receive

the arms, accoutrements, and clothing of such troops or companies as

shall beso discharged er dismissed ; be it therefore enacted by the

King's most excellent majesty , by and with the advice and con-

fent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this

present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same,

Troops or companies of

That if any of his Majesty's loyal subjects in Ireland shall have

voluntarily associated and enrolled themselves, or shall hereafter

volunteers under officers having com-

be associated and enrolled, or formed or continued in troops or

companies under officers having commissions from his Majesty,

missions from or from the chief governor or governors of Ireland for the

his Majesty,

or from the time being, duly authorised thereto by his Majesty, for the pro-

chiefgover- tection of property , and preservation of the peace , within the

norof Ireland , barony , city or town wherein the place of first assembling shall

shall receive

be appointed in such commission, and within every barony,

cloathing ,

arms, &c. and city, or town immediately adjoining thereto, every serjeant,

trumpeter, drummer, and private therein, shall be entitled to

such pay as

shallbe ap-

receive such clothing, arms, and accoutrements, or allowances

in lieu thereof , and also such pay , in such manner and at such

pointedwhile

called out on

rate as his Majesty, or such chief governor or governors of

exercise, not

Ireland , thall appoint, for every day not exceeding two days in

exceeding twodays in

each month, that he shall actually assemble and attend by order

of his commanding officer , acting under the direction of such

each month.

chief

1802.] Annoregni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III . c . 68. 609

chief governor or governors, for the purpose of being disciplined

and exercised. One serjeant

II. And be it further enacted, That one serjeant, and one and one

trumpeter or drummer in every such troop or company, shall be trumpeter or

entitled to receive permanent or daily pay , to be appointed in drummer in

like manner during the continuance of such troop or company. every troop,

&c. thallbe

III. And be it further enacted, That neither such inrolment, entitled to

nor the receiving of pay or allowances as aforesaid, shall subject daily pay :

any person so enrolled or receiving pay to military discipline or but not to be

duty , or to the provisions of any act for punishing mutiny and subject to

desertion. militarydif-

cipline .

IV. And be it further enacted, That if it shall be the When orders

pleasure of his Majesty, or the chief governor or governors ofshall be given

Ireland for the time being, to discontinue the services of any to discontinue

troop or company which shall have been embodied or enrolled any troop or

under the provisions of the said recited act of the thirty- seventh company, the

year of his Majesty's reign, or which shall be embodied and en- commanding

rolled, or formed or continued ,by virtue of the powers in this officer shall

act contained, on such the pleasure of his said Majesty , or such communicate the fame, and

chief governor or governors of Ireland , being signified to the require them

commanding officer of the said troop or company, he shall to deliver up

forthwith, on or before the next usual exercise day of the said their arms,

troop or company, communicate to the several persons en-

&c.

rolled in the said troop or company, the said order for discon-

tinuing their service as aforesaid, and shall then require the said

several persons to deliver up any arms, accoutrements, or clothing

which shall have been entrusted to their custody respectively,

which arms, accoutrements , and clothing shall be forthwith

delivered up by the said persons accordingly ; and such arms,

sool. penalty

accoutrements, and clothing so to be delivered up as aforesaid oncommand- ing officer

to the said commanding officer, shall be conveyed and deposited neglecting for

by such commanding officer in such place or places, and at such one month

time or times, and given up by the said commanding officer to deliver up

to such person or persons as his Majesty, or such chief governor &c.

such arms,

or governors of Ireland , shall be pleased to appoint ; and if any

such commanding officer shall refuse or neglect to call in and

deliver up such arms, accoutrements, and clothing, for and

during the space of one calendar month from the day of the date

of the order of his Majesty, or such chiefgovernor or governors

of Ireland , to that effect , such commanding officer so refusing

or neglecting shall , upon due conviction thereof in any court of

record, be fined for such neglect or refusal the fum of five hundred pounds, one half thereof to be paid to the informer, and

the other half to the treasurer of the infirmary of the county,

town, or city in which his troop or company thall have been

appointed to assemble, for the use of such infirmary.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any person who shallPerfonspro-

have received or being entrusted with, or wh shall hereafter vided with

arms, &c . at

receive or be entrusted with any arms, accoutrements, or the publick

clothing from the publick stores, or at the publick expence, expence

shall , upon the disbanding or discontinuing of the services ofthall , on his

VOL. XLIII. anycorps being

RE

610 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 68. [ 1802 .

disbanded , or any such troop or company in manner aforesaid, or upon his

onhis refig- quitting or withdrawing from any such troop or company or

nation or dif- being discharged therefrom, refuse or neglect (on being thereto

charge, deliver them up, lawfully required), to deliver up any such arms, accoutrements,

onpenalty of or clothing, every person so refusing or neglecting shall, on

101.

being convicted thereof before any justice of the peace of the

county within which such troop or company shall have been

formed, forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds to be levied by

distress and sale of the offender's goods and chattels, by war-

rant under the hand and seal of such justice, rendering the

overplus (if any) , on demand , after deducting the charges of

such distress and sale, to the person whose goods and chattels

shall have been so distrained and fold, and for want of such

sufficient distress, such justice is hereby required to commit such

offender to the common gaol of the county, city, or place

where the offence shall have been committed, for any time not

Application exceeding six months ; and the monies arising by such penalty

ofpenalty. shall be applied by the commanding officer to replace such

arms , accoutrements, or clothing , and the overplus (if any),

to form a stock purse for the use of such troop or company, if

such troop or company shall remain embodied , or if the said

troop or company shall be disembodied or disbanded, then the

whole of the said penalties shall be paid to the treasurer of the

infirmary of the county , town, or city , in which such troop or

company shall have been appointed to assemble for the use of such

infirmary.

Where troops

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any such troop or

or companies,

cafes ofin

company shall , in case of invasion, rebellion, or insurrection, or

vafion or re-

the apprehension thereof , voluntarily offer to act as a military

bellion,&c. of-

corps, and to do duty as such, or to march wherever it shall

fer to act as

be ordered within Ireland , during the continuance of such inva-

military

fion, insurrection, or rebellion, or the apprehension thereof,

corps, the officers shall

every person therein who shall testify such his offer by putting

be entitled to

his name thereto shall, upon such offer being accepted by his

pay as regu-

Majesty, or the chief governor or governors of Ireland for the

lars, andpri-

vates hall re .

time being, be entitled, if a commissioned officer, to receive the

ceive such

same pay as officers of like rank receive in his Majesty's regu-

payas they lar forces, and if a serjeant, trumpeter, drummer, or private,

are allowed on the fame pay daily as on the days of exercise, and shall be subje&,

thedays of

exercite.

while he shall be so entitled, and at no other time nor on any

other ground or pretence, to the like military discipline as his

Majesty's regular and militia forces , during the time he shall

have fo offered for and no longer.

Courts mar-

tial tobe com-

posedonly of

officers ferv-

inginthe

corps.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no officer

or soldier of any such corps shall be liable to be tried by any

court martial, unless such court martial be composed entirely of

officers serving in corps formed as aforesaid, such courts mar-

tial to be assembled by warrant from the chief governor or governors of Ireland for the time being, or by warrant from some

general or other officer duly authorised to order courts martial

to be holden.

VIII. And

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 68., 611

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all commissioned offi- Officers dif-

cers of such troops or companies who shall be disabled in actual abled in actual

service enti-

service , shall be entitled to half pay, and all non-commissioned tledtohalf

officers, privates, trumpeters, and drummers, to the benefit ofpay, and pri-

the royal hospital at Kilmainham , and the widows of commif- vates to the

fioned officers killed in the service, to such pension for life, as hospital at

benefit of the

is usually given to the widows of officers of like rank in his Kilmainham,

Majesty's regular forces .

&c .

IX. And be it further enacted, That no person who shall be Persons while

enrolled or continued in any such troop or company as afore- fervingrin

said, shall , during the time he is serving in such corps, be liable

such corps

not liable to

to serve personally, or to provide a substitute to serve in the serve in the

militia, provided he shall produce a certificate, signed by his militia.

commanding officer , that he has for the space ofthree months

immediately preceding the day on which he shall have been

ballotted to serve in such militia, punctually attended at all such

times and places as may have been appointed for the exercise

of the troop or company to which he shall belong, unless prevented therefrom by sickness, which sickness thall be stated in

such certificate, and verified by oath .

X. And be it further enacted , That every person who shall Persons in-

rolling -them-

hereafter enrol himself in any such troop or company shall , at selves thall

the time he shall enrol himself , take and subscribe the following subscribe the

oath or affirmation of allegiance. following

do sincerely promise and swear [or affirm] , Oath .

Ithat I will be faithful, and bear true allegiance to his

1

majesty King George the Third, and that I will faithfully support

and maintain the laws and constitution of his kingdom, and the

succession to the throne in his Majesty's illustrious house.

So help me GOD. '

Which oath any magistrate is hereby empowered to administer,

and the commanding officer shall transmit the same to his Majesty's war office in Ireland without delay , to be enrolled from

thence in his Majesty's court ofchancery at Dublin .

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any officer shall Officers ad-

admit or retain in his troop or company any person who shall mitting per-

before

neglect to take and subscribe the said oath, or who, upon being subscribing

required thereto by him, shall refuse to take and subscribe the the oath, or

fame, he shall, upon due conviction thereof in any court ofpersons refuf-

record, be fined for every such offence in the sum of five hundred ing to takeit ,

shall forfeit

pounds, one half thereof to be paid to the informer, and the sool.

other half to the treasurer of the infirmary of the county , town ,

or city in which his troop or company shall be appointed to

assemble, for the use of such infirmary.

XII. And be it further enacted, That no constable or peace

No constable

officer appointed or paid in pursuance of an act passed by the appointed in

pursuance of

parliament of Ireland , in the twenty-feventh year of his present act 27 Geo 3 .

Majesty's reign, intituled, An actfor the better execution of the law shall bead-

RR2

andcorpsbeing

----

612 Annoregni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 69. [ 1802.

missible into and preservation of the peace within counties at large , shall be ad-

thecorps.

mifsible into any such troop or company.

Act maybe

XIII. And be it further enacted, That this act may be varied,

varied or repealedthis

altered, or repealed by any act to be passed in this seffion of

session .

parliament.

CAP. LXIX.

Analt to enablefuch officers, mariners, andfoldiers as have been in

the land orfeafervice, or in the marines, or in the militia , or any

corps offencibles men , since the twenty- fourth year of his present

Majesty's reign, to exercise trades.-[June 22, 1802. ]

there have been and WHEREASare

divers officers, mariners,

Soldiers , and marines who haveferved his Majesty in the

latewars by fea and land, some ofwhom are men that used trades,

others that were apprentices to trades who have notferved out their

times, and others who, by their own industry, have made themselves

apt and fitfor trades ; many of whom, the wars being now ended ,

would willingly employ themselves in those trades which they were

formerly accustomed to , or which they are apt or able to follow and

make use offor getting their living by their own labour, but are or

may be binderedfrom exercising those trades in certain cities, and corporations, and other places within this kingdom, because of certain bye

laws and customs of those places, and of the statute made in the

5Eliz. c . 4.

fifth year of Queen Elizabeth prohibiting the use of certain trades by

any person who has notferved as an apprentice tofuch tradefor the

space ofseven years : for remedy whereof be it enacted by the

Officers , mari- King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and

ners, soldiers, consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in

and marines, this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the

who have been fame , That all such officers, mariners, soldiers, and marines as

employed in

the King'sfer- have been at any time employed in the service of his Majesty

vicesince July since the sixteenth day of July one thousand seven hundred and

16 , 1784, and eighty-four , and have not since deserted the said service, and

have not since also the wives and children of such officers , mariners, soldiers,

deserted, and

also the wives, and marines, may fet up and exercise such trades as they are

and children apt and able for in any town or place within this kingdom,

of such , may without any let, suit , or molestation of any person or persons

fetup -and

exercise

whatsoever, for or by reason of the using of such trade , nor shall

trades inany

such officers, mariners, soldiers, or marines, or their wives or

partofthis kingdom, and

children, during the time they shall exercise such trades, be re-

shall not be

moveable from such respective place or places, to his, her, or

liable to be their last legal place ofsettlement by virtue of any law now in

removed from being relative to the settlement of the poor, until such person

thence to their or persons shall become actually chargeable to such parish or

last legal place place; and if any such officer or officers, mariner or mariners ,

ofsettlement , soldier

until theybe- or soldiers , marine or marines, or the wife or any child

come actually of any such officer, mariner, soldier , or marine shall be sued,

chargeable to impleaded, or indicted in any court whatsoever within this king-

the parish ; dom for using or exercising any such trades as aforesaid, then

the

-

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 69. 613

the said officer or officers, mariner or mariners , soldier or foldi-

ers, marine or marines, or the wife or any child of any such

officer, mariner, soldier, or marine, making it appear to the

fame court where they are so sued , impleaded, or indicted, that

they have served his Majesty as aforesaid, or that he , she, or

they is or are the wife or wives, child or children of such officer

or officers, mariner or mariners, soldier or soldiers, marine or

marines who shall have so served his Majesty, shall, upon the

general issue pleaded, be found not guilty in any plaint, bill , in-

formation, or indictment exhibited against them ; and such and if sued,

person or persons who, notwithstanding this act , shall prosecute the general

uponpleading

the said suit by bill, plaint, information, or indictment , and shall issue , they

have a verdict pass against him or them, or become nonsuit shall be ac-

therein, or discontinue his or their said suit , such person or per- quitted ,andbe

paid double

sons shall pay unto such officer or officers, mariner or mariners, costs offuit.

soldier or soldiers, marine or marines, or the wife or child of

such officer, mariner, soldier, or marine respectively, double

costs of suit, to be recovered as any other costs at common law

may be recovered; and all judges and jurors before whom any

such suit, information, or indictment shall be brought, and all

other persons whatsoever are to take notice of this present act, Whenany

and shall conform themselves thereto ; any statute, law, ordi- twojustices

nance, custom, or provision to the contrary in anywise notwith-

for the county

or placewhere

standing.

such officers,

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be law - mariners, 101-

diers , or ma-

ful for any two or more justices of the peace for the county, rines shall fo

town, or place where any such officer , mariner, soldier, or ma- fet up , shall

rine shall let up and exercise any trade as aforesaid, to cause such summon them

mariner, soldier, or marine to be summoned before them in the to give evi-

town or place where such officer, mariner, soldier, or marine denceas to the

placeof their

shall set up and exercise such trade as aforesaid, in order to make last legal fet-

oath of the place of his last legal settlement (which oath the said tlement, they

justices are hereby empowered to administer), and such officer, shall make

mariner, soldier, or marine are hereby directed to obey such oath accord- ingly; an

summons, and to make oath accordingly ; and such justices are attested copy

A

hereby required to give an attested copy of such affidavit so whereof shall

made before them to the person making the fame, in order that be giventhem.

he may produce it when required ; which attested copy shall at

which shall be

admitted as

any time be admitted as evidence as to such last legal settlement evidence at

before any of his Majesty's justices of the peace at any general the quarter

or quarter sessions of the peace:provided always, that in cafe any sessions ;

such officer, mariner, soldier, or marine shall again be fum , and if fum-

moned again,

moned to make oath as aforesaid , then on such attested copy of they shall not

the oath by him formerly taken being produced by him, or bybe obliged to

any other person on his behalf , such officer, mariner, soldier, or take a fresh

marine shall not be obliged to take any other or further path oath , butpro-

duce the for-

with regard to his legal settlement , but shall leave a copy ofmer, or leave

such attested copy of his examination, if required.

acopythere-

III. And be it further enacted, That this act, and every part of.

thereof , shall extend to all officers and soldiers who have per- This act shall

sonally served in the militia, or any of the fencible regiments, from extend to

RR3 militiamen

theandfencibles

F

1

614 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III . C. 70. [ 1802 .

who have

served five

years .

Privileges of

thetwo

universities

reserved.

the said sixteenth day of July one thousand seven hundred and

eighty -four , for the term of five years, and have been honour-

ably discharged.

IV. Provided always, That this act shall not in anywise be

prejudicial to the privileges of the universities of Cambridge and

Oxford , or either of them, or extend to give liberty to any per-

fon to fet up the trade of a vintner, or to fell any wine or other

liquors within the said universities without licence first had and

obtained from the vice- chancellor of the fame respectively.

CAP. LXX.

An act for directing certain publick accounts to be laid annually

before parliament, and for discontinuing certain other forms of

account now in use. -[June 22, 1802. ]

THEREAS by Wan

act of parliament of Great Britain, passed

in the twenty- seventh year of the reign ofbis present Majesty ,

27Geo. 3 .

C. 13.

intituled , An act for repealing the several duties of customs and

excite, and granting other duties in lieu thereof; and for apply-

ing the said duties together with the other duties composing the

publick revenue ; for permitting the importation of certain

goods, wares, and merchandize, the produce or manufacture of

the European dominions of the French king, into this kingdom ;

and for applying certain unclaimed monies remaining in the

exchequer, for the payment of annuities on lives, to the reduc-

tion of the national debt, it is amongst other things enacted, that the

commissioners of the treasury shall cause to be prepared, and shall lay

before both houses of parliament, withinfourteen days after the commencement of every session, an account of the total produce of the duties of

customs, excise ,stamps, and incidents respectively, in the manner in the

said recited actspecified : and whereas the accounts kept injeveral of the

publick offices are often required, for the purpose of being laid before

the houses of parliament, at other periods of the year : and whereas

such accounts, if required to be made up to periods differentfrom those

which are usual in the respective offices, occasion great delay and in-

convenience to the publick service, and unless made up in a cor-

responding manner and to corresponding periods in successive years, do

not distinelly and conveniently shew the comparative amount and total

annual produce of the said duties and incidents : and whereas it is

expedient that accounts should be made up stating the total annual

income of Great Britain, including the aforesaid duties of customs,

excise, stamps, and incidents, and all other its ordinary revenues and

extraordinary resources, and that the fame, together with certain

So much of

the recited

actas requires

thetreafury

tolay an account of the

produce of

The duties of

customs, ex-

cife , stamps,

other publick accounts , should be annually laid before parliament :

may it therefore please your Majesty , that it may be enacted ;

and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and

with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal,

and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the

authority of the same, That so much of the said recited act as

requires the commissioners of the treasury to lay an account of

the total produce of the duties of customs, excise, stamps, and incidents,

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 70. 615

incidents, before both houses of parliament within fourteen and incidents,

days after the commencement of every fession of parliament , beforepailia .

shall be , and the fame is hereby repcaled. ment , shall be

repealed .

II. And whereas the publick accounts of the receipts and issues of

his Majesty's exchequer of Great Britain now are, and for a long

time past have been, made up to certain quarterly periods ; videlicet,

the fifth day of January, the fifth day of April, the fifth day of July ,

and the tenth day of October, whereby the declarations of the said

receipts and issues , which now are and hitherto have been made up The declara.

at the terms of Easter and Michaelmas, are become entirely useless tions of re-

ceipts and

and cause much unnecessary labour and expence in the office of the au- iffles atthe

ditor and clerk of the pells in the said exchequer; be it enacted, exchequer

That, from and after the passing of this act, the usage ofmaking madeat

upfuch declarations be, and the fame is hereby discontinued and Easter and

Michaelmas ;

utterlyabolished.

III. And whereas the making ingressed copies of the daily records and the ufige

of the receipts and issues ofbis Majesty's receipt of exchequer in the ofmaking in-

office of the clerk of the pells is not only laborious and very expen - grossed copies

of thedaily

five , but it is no longer found to be conducive to the publick service; records of

be it therefore enacted, That the said usage of making in - such receipts

grossed copies of the daily records of the receipts and issues of and issues,

the exchequer be , and the fame is hereby discontinued and shall be

utterly abolished . abolished.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the fifth After Jan. 5,

1803, the

day of January one thousand eight hundred and three, the lords treasury shall

commissioners for executing the office of lord high treasurer for annually cause

the time being shall annually cause an account of the total in- an account

come of Great Britain (including the aforesaid duties ofcuf- of the reve.

toms, excise, stamps, and incidents, and all other its ordinary Britain, and

nues of Great

revenues and extraordinary resources, ) to be prepared and made otheraccounts

out for one year ending on the fifth day of January in each hereinmen-

year, together with an account of the income of the consoli- tioned , to be

made up to

dated fund of Great Britain for every such year, and also of the Jan. 5, and

actual payments thereout within the said year, and of the future laid before

annual charge upon the said fund as the fame stood on that day, parliament on

and also an account of the net produce of all the permanent or before the

taxes of Great Britain within the said year, and also an account yearly .

5th of March

of the arrears and balances due from all publick accountants on

the said fifth day of January in each year, and also an account

of the exports and imports of Great Britain, and of the shipping

registered in or belonging to the several ports of his Majesty's

dominions within the said year, and also an account of the publick expenditure of Great Britain within the said year, and also

anaccount of the publick funded debt of Great Britain, and the

reduction thereof , and also an account of the unfunded debt and

outstanding of Great Britain, as the fame stood respectively on

the fifth day of January in each year, and also an account shew-

ing how the monies given for the service of Great Britain for

the year preceding the said fifth day of January, have been dif-

posed of ; and that the said lords cominissioners shall , in each

RR4year

616 Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. c. 71. [1802.

year cause such accounts to be laid before both houses of parliament on or before the twenty-fifth day of March in each

year , if parliament shall be then sitting, or if parliament shall

not then be fitting, within fourteen days after the next fitting of

parliament.

CAP. LXXI.

An alt to amend and render more effectual two als passed in the

twenty -sixth and thirty- second years of the reign of hispresent Majesty , for the reduction of the national debt. -[June 22, 1802.]

THEREAS it has been found by experience , that the provisions

of the reign of his present Majesty, have been attended with the most

beneficial consequences to the publick credit of Great Britain: and

whereas the publick burthens may at this period be greatly alleviated ,

and the reduction of the national debt d at the same time accelerated , by

consolidating the publick debt, and the whole of the said debt will

thereby be redeemed withinforty- five years, and also consolidating the

severalfunds applicable under the said acts to the reduction thereof:

and whereas it is therefore expedient that certain parts of the said

actsshould be repealed, and that effectual provision should be made

for carrying into execution the purposes aforesaid : may it therefore

So much of 26 please your Majesty that it maybe enacted ; andbe it enacted by

Geo. 3. C. 31. the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and

as directs that consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this

when the fum present parliament assembled , and by the authority of the same ,

annually re-

ceivableby

That, from and after the passing of this act, so much of an act

the commif-

passed in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty ,

fioners thall amount to intituled, An attfor vesting certainfums in commissioners, at the end

of every quarter of a year, to be by them applied to the reduction of

four millions, the national debt, as enacts, that whenever the whole fum an-

the dividends

on the stock

nually receivable by the said commissioners, including as well the

as shallthence- quarterly sum of two hundred andfifty thousand pounds therein

forthbe paid directed to be issued from the exchequer, as the several annuities

off, &c. shall and dividends of stock, to be placed to the account of the said

no longer be

issued ;and fo commissioners in the books of the governor and company of the

much of32 bank of England by virtue of the said act, shall amount in the

Geo. 3. c. 55. whole to four millions annually, the dividends due on such parts

as directs that of the principal or capital stock as shall thenceforth be paid off

whenever cer.

tainmonies by the said commissioners, and the monies payable on such an-

shall amount nuities for lives or years as may afterwards cease or determine ,

tothree mil- thall no longer be issued at the receipt of the exchequer, but

dividends on

lions , &c. the shall be considered as redeemed by parliament , and remain to be

the stock as disposed of as parliament shall direct; and also so much of an

thall thence- act, passed in the thirty-second year of the reign of his present

forth be paid Majesty, intituled, An act to render more effectual an act , made in

no longer be

off , &c. should the twenty- sixth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled, ' An

issued, thall be attfor vesting certainfums in commissioners at the end of every quar-

repealed. ter of a year, to be by them applied to the reduction of the national

debt ;

1802. ] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 71. 617

debt; and to direct the application of an additionalfum to the re-

duction of the said debt , in case of future loans; as enacts, that

whenever the monies to be placed to the account of the said

commissioners, consisting of the dividends of stock which shall

have been redeemed or purchased by virtue of the said act of

the twenty- sixth year aforesaid, or of the said last recited act

( other than and except such capital stock as should be redeemed

or purchased by the application of such monies as are therein-

after directed tobe placed to a separate account in consequence

of new loans,) or of any other act or acts of parliament, and of

any annuities, the terms whereof may expire, and of any sums

which might be annually issued in consequence of any favings

arising from the reduction of the rate of any existing annuities,

shall amount in the whole to the sum of three millions, exclu-

five of the quarterly sums of two hundred and fifty thousand

pounds directed to be issued from the exchequer by the said act ,

or of any additional annual or quarterly sums which might be

directed to be issued from the exchequer, and placed to the account of the said commissioners by any future act or acts of

parliament, the dividends due on such part of the principal or

capital stock as shall thenceforth be paid off or purchased by the

said commissioners, other than and except such capital stock as

shall be paid off or purchased by the application of monies

therein-after directed to be placed to a separate account in consequence of any new loans, and the monies payable for such

annuities for lives or years as may afterwards cease and deter-

mine, shall no longer be issued at the receipt of his Majesty's

exchequer, but shall be considered as redeemed by parliament ,

and shall remain to be disposed of as parliament shall direct ,

So much of 26

shall be and the same are hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said re- Geo. 3. С. 31.

as enacts that

cited act of the twenty- sixth year aforesaid, as enacts that when- whenever any

ever any of the publick annuities in the said recited act particu- of the annui-

larly specified and set forth , shall cease and determine by the ties therein

expiration of the terms for which they were respectively granted, specifiedshall

that from and after the determination of such annuities, the cease, the moneypayable

monies then payable thereon shall be issued from time to time thereonthall

to the governor and company of the bank of England , and shall be placed to

be placed to the account of the said commitsioners, shall be and the account

the same is hereby repealed, and as to all such annuities as shall

of the commissioners of

remain at the passing of this act, and shall not have ceased and the national

determined by the expiration of the terms for which they were debt, shall be

respectively granted before the passing of this act. repealed, &c.

III. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said so much of32

recited act of the thirty-second year aforesaid, as enacts that Geo. 3. C. 55.

as enacts that

whenever the amount of the annuities payable in respect of any whenever the

redeemable capital stock then existing shall be reduced, or any amount of

such capital stock shall be paid off by means of any fuins ofannuities shall

money to be raised for that purpose , for which a new capital bereduced, the

annual intereststock should be created, bearing alower rate of interest than favedshould be

the stock so to be paid off , an additional annual sum, equal in placed to the

amountaccount of the

618 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 71. [1802.

commissioners, shall be

repealed.

amount to the annual interest so faved, should be thenceforth

issued and paid by quarterly payments out of the consolidated

fund to the governor and company of the bank of England, and

should by them be placed to the account of the said commif-

From Jan. 5,

fioners, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

1803, the an-

IV. And whereas an additional annualfum of two hundred thou-

naat fun of

fand pounds bath, by virtue and in pursuance of divers acts ofpar-

whichhasbeen liamentfor divers years last past, been issuedfrom the exchequer, and

issued in pur placed to the account of the said commissioners, over and above the said

fuance ofdi- quarterly fum of two hundred and fifty thousand pounds in the said

vers acts shall recited act of the twenty- sixth year aforesaid mentioned: and whereas

Leaperina- it is expedient that the fameshould be made a permanent charge ; be

nent charge,

and paid out it therefore enacted, That, from and after the fifth day ofJanu-

of the contoli- dry one thousand eight hundred and three , the said fum of two

dated fund by hundred thousand pounds thall be itlued from the exchequer,

quarteriypay and paid out of the consolidated fund of Great Britain, by

uents, and

placedto the quarterly payments of fifty thousand pounds at the end of every

account of

quarter, to the governor and company of the bank of England ,

the commif-

fioners.

and shall by them be placed to the account of the said commissioners .

Themoney V. And be it further enacted, That all monies whatever

placed to the

account of the which shall be placed from time to time to the account of the

commissioners said commissioners, by virtue of either of the said recited acts

by virtue of

( except so far as the same are hereby repealed) , or by virtue of

the recked

this act, shall and are hereby appropriated to, and shall accu-

acts (except

whenhereby mulate in manner directed by the said acts , for the reduction of

repealed), thall the national debt of Great Britain , and shall be from time to

accumulate in time applied by the said comuniffioners, pursuant to the directions

manner there- and under and according to the restrictions and provisions of

bydirected ,

aud shall be the said recited acts, either in payment for the redemption, or

applied in the in the purchase of the several redeemable publick annuities of

redemption Great Britain, until the whole of the perpetual redeemable annui-

orpurchase of ties, now charged upon the publick funds of Great Britain , in-

publickannui-

ties until the cluding such charge as has arisen or may arise on any loan made

whole thall be in Great Britain, before the passing of this act, and also such charge

paidoff . as thall arise by any annuities, interests, and dividends payable in

consequence of any loans made chargeable on the consolidated fund

by an act passed in this feffios of parliament, intituled, An actfor

repcaling the duties or income ; for the effectual collection ofarrears of

the said duties, and accounting for the fame, and for charging the an-

nuities specifically charged thereon, upon the consolidated fund of

Great Britain, shall have been completely redeemed or pur-

chafed, so as that the whole of the several redeemable publick

annuities now charged upon the publick funds of Great Britain,

including such respective charges as aforesaid, shall be paid off

within forty-five years from the respective periods of the crea-

tion of such respective charges and publick annuities as aforesaid.

VI. And whereas thesum of twenty- five millions was raised by an

act passed in this presentfeffion of parliament, intituled , An act for

raising the fum of twenty-five millions by way of annuities :

and whereas provision is made by this actfor paying offwithin forty- five

!

!

802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 71. 619

five years the whole of the capital stock created by such loan, and by

reason thereof no additional fum will be issued at the receipt of the

exchequer of England, or placed to the account of the commissioners

for the reduction of the national debt of Great Britain, in respect of

the said capital stock : and whereas part of the said fum of twenty-

five millions, not exceeding two mil'ions, was raised for the service of

Ireland, and it is therefore necessary and expedient that provision

should be made for the redemption and purchase ofso much of the

annuities created by the said loan, as shall have arisen by the said fum of

two millions ; be it therefore enacted, That the commissioners of The treasury

his Majesty's treasury in Ireland shall and they are hereby required of Ireland

to cause to be issued at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer in shall issue such

fums as thall

Ireland , and paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer in be necessary

England , such fum and sums of money as shall be sufficient and for the pur-

necessary, according to the provisions and regulations of the chase of such

said recited act of the thirty-second year aforesaid, for the pur- proportion of

the annuities

chafe and redemption of such proportion of the annuities created createdby the

by the said loan, as shall have arisen for the said fum of two loan act of

millions; and all such fums shall be issued at the receipt of the this session,

exchequer in England , paid to the governor and company of the C. 33. as shall

have arisen for

bank of England , and carried to the account of the commif- two millions,

fioners for the reduction of the national debt in England, and to beplaced to

by them applied and accounted for in like manner as any other

the account of

the commif-

sums of money remitted from the exchequer of Ireland are

fioners.

by them applied and accounted for in the reduction of any like

debt.

VII. And whereas by an act passed in the thirty- seventh year of

the reign of his present Majesty, and by several acts paffedfince the

thirty- seventh year aforesaid ,bis Majesty, and the lord high treasurer,

or commissioners of the treasuryfor the time being, have been enabled

and empowered to remit, and have remitted to Ireland, for his Majesty's service in in Ireland, diversfums of money out of loans raised in

Great Britain : and whereas provision has been made by divers alts

passed in the parliament of Ireland, for defraying the interest and

charges of such loans to thefeveral amountsso remitted : and whereas

thefums required for the payment of interest and charges arising on

the loansso remitted, havefrom time to time been remittedfrom Ireland, and paid into the receipt of the exchequer in England, and

issued to the commissioners for the reduction of the national debt, but

bave not been carried to ajeparate account : and whereas it is necef-

Sary that the amount of all such fums, and the application thereof , Separate ac-

should be ascertained, and aseparate account taken thereof , and that counts of the

a be been re-

Separate account infuture bekept ; it therefore enacted, That money which

such separate account as aforesaid of all such fums of money, fo mitted to and

respectively remitted, issued, paid, and carried to account, and from Irelandin

of the application thereof , and of the annuities redeemed or consequenceof

loans raised in

purchased thereby, shall be made out under the direction of the Great Britain,

lords commissioners of the treasury in England and Ireland re- and of the

spectively, the commissioners for the reduction of the national application

debt in England , and the respective auditors of thereceipts of thereof , shall

be made outhis Majesty's exchequers in England and Ireland respectively, andlaid before

and parliament.

620 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 72. [1802.

and the governor and company of the bank of England , and shall

be laid before both houses of parliament, within six weeks after

the meeting of the next session of parliament.

Separateac- from

VIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the

1

counts Great passing of this act, a separate account shall be kept at the re-

Britain shall be ceipt of his Majesty's exchequer in England of all monies paid

kept of all

into such receipt in respect of any loan raised in Great Britain

monies paid

for the service of Ireland, or of the proportion of any loan raised

into the ex-

in Great Britain which shall have been or shall be for the fer-

chequer in respect of any

vice of Ireland , and also of all other monies paid into such

loan for the

receipt for the interest and charges incurred or payable on any

serviceofIre-

annuities created by any such loan or proportion of any such

Jand , andof

the monies

loan , and of all fums of money issued from the said exchequer

to the commissioners for the reduction of the national debt in

issued to the

commissioners Great Britain in relation thereto as aforesaid; and acomputa-

for the reduc- tion shall be formed, by and under the direction of the said

tion of the commissioners, of all annuities redeemed or purchased by such

nationaldebt,

as also an ac- fums of money so issued as aforesaid , and that in the several account of the counts required by the said recited acts of the twenty- sixth and

stock redeem- thirty-second years aforesaid respectively to be made up by the

ed and interest

accruing,&c.

governor and company of the bank of England and commif-

onbehalfof

fioners for the reduction of the national debt respectively , and

Breland .

to be laid before parliament and the commissioners for auditing

publick accounts, all fums of money paid on behalf of Ireland

on any such loans so raised in Great Britain as aforesaid, to the

said governor and company, and carried in their books to the

account of the said commissioners for the reduction of the national debt, and also all fums of principal or capital stock of

publick annuities which, in pursuance of this or any other act,

Thall have been purchased, redeemed, or paid off by the said

commissioners within the year comprehended in such account,

together with the interest accruing thereon by the application of

any monies islued from the receipt of the exchequer of Great

Britain , and carried to such account as aforesaid on behalf of

Ireland , shall be entered, computed, made up, and kept separate

and distinct from the like particulars relating to Great Britain .

CAP. LXXII.

An act for repealing an act, made in the thirty-eighth year of the

reign of his present Majesty, intituled , An act for raising a body

of miners in the counties of Cornwall and Devon, for the de-

fence of the kingdom during the present war ; and for the more

effectually raising and regulating a body of miners for the defence of

Great Britain.- [June 22, 1802. ]

WHEREAS by the laws now inforce for regulating the militia

of England, it is provided that nothing therein contained

Should extend to the miners in the counties of Devon and Cornwall ,

but that the warden of thestannaries, in pursuance of his Majesty's

commission in that behalf , and such as he should commissionate and

authorise under him, should have and use the like powers, and array , affefs ,

!

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III . c. 72. 621

assess, arm , muster , and exercise the said miners within the said

counties , or either of them, as hath been theretofore used , andaccord-

ing to the ancient privileges and customs of the saidstannaries, and

the like provision had been make by divers former alts of parliament

concerning the militia : and whereas by reason of the length of time

which elapsedfince any commission bath issued to the warden of the

Stannaries aforesaid to array , assess, arm , muster, and exercise the

said miners, great difficulties might occur in the execution of

such commission : and whereas an act was made in the thirty-eighth

year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled , An act for raising 38 Geo. 3.

abody of miners in the counties of Cornwall and Devon for the C. 74.

defence of the kingdom during the present war : and whereas it

is expedient that the said aftshould be repealed , and that further and

more effectual provision should be made for raising and regulating a

body of miners , within the counties of Cornwall and Devon, for

the defence of Great Britain ; be it therefore enacted by the

King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and con-

sent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this

present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same,

That, from and after the passing of this act , the said re- Recited act

cited act , passed in the thirty- eighth year of the reign ofrepealed .

his present Majesty, shall be repealed; and that his Majesty His Majesty

may from time to time, as occasion shall require , issue his com- mayauthorise

midion to the warden of the stannaries of the counties ofDevon the warden of

the stannaries

and Cornwall for the time being, giving him power and autho- to call out and

rity during his Majesty's pleasure, and such warden is hereby , exercise the

according to such commifsion, authorised and required tocall miners.

together, arm, array, and cause to be trained and exercised,

such miners once in every year , in such numbers and in such

manner as herein-after is directed ; and the said warden shall

constitute and appoint , from time to time, such persons as he

shall think fit, being qualified as herein-after mentioned, to be

his deputy wardens for the special purposes of this act, the

nanies of such persons having been first presented to and ap-

proved by his Majesty ; and the said warden shall also appoint Warden shall

such field officers, and other officers as herein- after directed, appoint his

qualified as herein-after mentioned, to train, discipline, and deputies and

officers, &c .

command the miners so to be armed and arrayed, according to

the rules , orders, and directions after mentioned, and shall certify to his Majesty the names and ranks of all such officers fo

to be appointed; and if his Majesty shall, within fourteen days

after such certificate shall have been laid before him, signify his

disapprobation of any of the persons so to be appointed , it shall

not be lawful for the said warden to grant a commission to any

person so disapproved, but commissions shall be granted by the

said warden to all such persons so to be appointed as shall not be

disapproved by his Majesty ; and the officers so appointed shall Rank of

officers .rank with the militia officers of this kingdom, according to the

dates of their respective commissions, and with all officers of

his Majesty's regular forces, in the same manner as the said militia

622 Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. C. 72. [ 1802.

Commissions militia officers are entitled to rank; and the commissions so to be

notvacatedby granted by the said warden shall not be vacated by reason of the

the revocation

or expiration revocation, expiration, or discontinuance of his Majesty's com-

of thewarden's mission to the said warden : provided always, that if any warden

commission. of the said stannaries to whom his Majesty shall have issued his

commission as aforesaid shall be removed from or resign his office

of warden of the said stannaries, and cease to be warden of the

said stannaries, the said commission, issued to the said warden for

the purposes aforesaid, and all and every the powers and authorities vested in such warden by virtue of such commission, and of

this act, shall cease and determine : provided also, that on every

such removal or resignation his Majesty mayissue his commission

to any warden of the stannaries, appointed to succeed on any

vacancy , to exercise the powers hereby given to the warden of the

stannaries for the time being , and such warden shall thereupon

have full power and authority to exercise all the powers vested

in such warden by the said commission, and by this act.

Warden shall II. And be it further enacted , That the said warden shall

appoint 12 at

constitute and appoint twelve special deputy wardens, at the least ,

least special deputywar- for the purposes of this act, if fo many persons can be found

dens qualified qualified as herein-after directed ; that is to say, every such per-

as herein son so to be appointed a special deputy warden shall be qualified

directed, &c. in the same manner as deputy lieutenants are required to be

qualified in the said counties of Cornwall and Devon, by the laws

in force relating to the militia of England (or by any act to be

passed in this session of parliament , or by any former act or acts ) ;

and every person so to be appointed a special deputy warden shall

take and subscribe the oaths, and make, repeat, and subscribe the

declaration required to be taken, made, repeated, and subscribed

by such deputy lieutenants, by virtue of any such act, changing

onlywhat ought to be changed.

Warden shall

III. And be it further enacted , That his Majesty, his heirs

displace depu- and successors, may, from time to time, as he and they shall think

tiesorofficers, fit, signify his and their pleasure to the warden of the stannaries

onhisMajef-

ty's pleasure to displace all or any deputy wardens or offices aforesaid, and

being signified thereupon the said warden shall forthwith displace such deputy

for that pur- wardens or officers , and appoint others within the same county,

pose . with the like qualifications, and under and subject to the like pro.

visions and restrictions , to serve in their stead.

Justices with

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any

deputywar-

densmawat , justice or justices of the peace of the said counties respectively , toge-

ther with one or more special deputy warden or deputy wardens to

do all matters and things in the execution of this act which might

be done by a like number ofspecial deputy wardens, in the same

manner as justices of the peace are authorised to act with deputy

lieutenants in executing the laws concerning the militia.

Warden shall

appoint a

clrk of the

general meet-

ings, and the

deputy war-

dens a clerk

V. And be it further enacted, That the said warden shall,

from time to time, appoint a clerk of the general meetings, to be

holden as herein- after directed, and may displace such clerk, if he

shall think fit, and appoint another in his room; and the special

deputy wardens within their respective subdivisions, or the major

part

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 72. 623

part of those present at any subdivision meeting, shall also, from for their fub-

time to time, appoint a clerk for their subdivifions, and may dif . divisions .

place such clerk, as they or the major part of them shall think

fit , and appoint another in his room ; and such clerk of such Allowance to

general meeting shall be paid five guineas for every general meet-

clerks.

ing; and such clerks of subdivision meetings hall be paid one

guinea for every subdivision meeting; such fees to be paid by the

receiver general of the land tax in the counties of Cornwall and

Devon respectively; and such clerks shall receive no other fee or

reward whatsoever.

VI. And be it further enacted, That general meetings of the General meet-

said warden and special deputy wardens shall be holden at the ings thall be

bolden annu-

most convenient towns of the counties of Cornwall and Devon ally, of which

respectively ; and such meetings shall contist of the warden and 14 days notice

two special deputy wardens at the least , or on the death, removal, shall be given.

or absence of the warden, ofthree special deputy wardens at the

least ; and one such general meeting shall be holden within each

of the said counties, annually, upon the last Tuesday which shall

happen before the tenth day of October in every year ; and the

said warden and two deputy wardens (or on the death, removal,

or absence of the warden ) , any three deputy wardens, when they

shall find it necessary for carrying the purposes of this act into

execution, may summon, or cause to be summoned, other general meetings, on any days to be fixed by such summons ; and

notice of such meetings shall be given fourteen days at the least

before the day of any such meeting, in some newspaper or news-

papers, usually circulated in the laid counties of Cornwall and

Devon respectively; and such general meeting shall and may

summon other meetings, and be adjourned in the same manner

as general meetings of lieutenancy may be summoned and ad-

journedby virtue of the laws then in force , concerning the mi-

litia forces in England.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said warden and First general

special deputy wardens, or such of them as shall be present at the meeting thall

first general meeting appoint fub-

to

beheld in pursuance of this act, in each division meet-

of the said counties of Cornwall and Devon, shall appoint the fe- ings, &c.

veral subdivision meetings, which shall be held within the four

stannaries of Blackmore, Foymore, Tywarnbaite, Penwith, and

Kerrier respectively, for the county of Cornwall , and within the

four stannaries of Chagford, Ashburton, Plymton, and Tavistock,

for the county of Devon , which subdivision meetings shall con-

fift of two special deputy wardens, or one special deputy warden

and one justice of the peace for the county within which such

subdivision meetings shall be holden; and such subdivision meet-

ings shall have the like powers and authorities , for the purposes .

of his act, as the subdivision meetings of lieutenancy have for the

purposes of the several general acts concerning the militia forces

of England. Annual mect-

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said warden and ings thall fue

special deputy wardens respectively present at every annual meet- orders to the

ing in each of the said counties, shall issue their orders to the chief confta-

bles, &c. to ,

chief return to the

624 Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. c. 72. [ 1802.

special deputy chief constables, and where there is no chief constable , to some

wardens lifts other officer of the hundred or other division within the said

of miners be-

tween18 and counties respectively where miners do dwell, requiring every such

45 years.

chief constable, or other officer, to issue an order under his hand

to all constables, tythingmen, and other officers of every parish,

tything, or place within the said hundreds or other divisions respectively where miners do dwell, to return to the special deputy

wardens within their respective subdivisions, at the places and at

the times to be appointed for that purpose, full and true lifts in

writing ofall and everythe miners dwelling within their respective

parishes and places, between the ages of eighteen and forty-five

years, distinguishing their respective occupations as miners, and

where the true names and descriptions of such miners cannot

be procured, their common appellations shall be sufficient,

and distinguishing which of such persons so returned labour

under any infirmity likely to incapacitate them from serving in

pursuance of his act, or claim to be exempt from serving in the

militia, together with the ground of such claim ofexemption, under any act or acts which may be in force relating to the militia

Copies oflifts of England; and having first affixed a true copy of the lift in-

shall be affixed tended to be so returned , on the door of the church or chapel be-

on the church longing to every such parish or place, or if any such parish or

door.

place shall have no church or chapel belonging thereto, then on

thedoor of the church or chapel ofsome parish or place adjoining,

on some Sunday morning before such return shall be made, which

shall be three days at the least before the meeting appointed for

receiving such return ; and having also written at the bottom of

such copy, so affixed on the door of such church or chapel, no-

Appealswhentice of the day and place of such meeting; and that all persons

to be made.

who shall think themselves aggrieved may then appeal , and that

no appeal will afterwards be received ; and at the days and places

so to be appointed for the returns of such lifts, the constables,

tythingmen, and other officers respectively shall attend , and verify

Subdivisions mayhear ap-

the same upon oath; and the said special deputy wardens, or

peals , &c.

any two or more of them, or any special deputy warden and one

or morejustice or justices of the peace assembled in their respec-

tive subdivisions, shall proceed to hear appeals, and amend such

lifts, and cause duplicates of such amended lists to be made, and

otherwise to act therein in the same manner as deputy lieutenants

and justices are authorised to proceed in the like cases, and with

the like regard to exemptions claimed as in respect to the returns

ofmen to be ballotted for the militia in England.

Noperson IX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no person shall

above 18 tobe be struck off the said lifts upon appeal on pretence that such per-

struck of the fon is not a privileged miner, ifsuch person , being above the age

lift as not be-

ing a privileg- ofeighteen years , was left out of the lift last returned under the

edminer, if laws concerning the militia forces of England for the parish or

left out of theplace where he resided as a privileged miner, and unless such per-

lifts last re-

turned as one. son shall, upon oath, or affirmation (if a quaker) , declare that he

was not left out of such lift by reason of his being a privileged

miner , butby mistake or neglect, or for some other cause. X.And

i

i

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III . C. 72. 625

X. And be it further enacted, That if any constable, tything- Penaltyof20l

man , or other officer, shall wilfully omit or neglect to insert in for omitting names in lifts ,

any such lift, the name of any person which ought to be inserted

therein , every such constable, tythingman, or other officer shall

forfeit and lose, for every such offence, the sum oftwenty pounds.

XI. And be it further enacted, That in order to enable the Special war-

said special deputy wardens to correct and amend the said lifts, dens mayre-

and discover whether all the names have been inserted which quire chief captainsof

ought to have been inserted therein, the said special deputy mines, or

wardens shall , if they shall think fit, issue their precept to the agents of

chief captain of any mine, or to the agent of any blowing blowing houf .

house or finelting house within any subdivision, requiring such es, to return

lifts of the mi-

chief captain or agent to return, to such special deputy wardens, ners employ-

at any subdivision meeting as they shall see fit , a true lift of all ed, &c.

the working miners employed in or about the business of

such mine, blowing house , or smelting house , and describing

their occupations as miners, and where they respectively dwell ;

and if any such captain or agent fall wilfully omit or

neglect Penalty for omitting

ofsol .

to insert in such lift the name of any person which ought to be names in such

inserted therein, such captain or agent shall forfeit and lose the lifts .

fum offifty pounds .

XII. And be it further enacted, That after such return thall After lifts are

have been made, and such lifts amended and made compleat as completed ,

aforesaid, the said special deputy wardens, within their respective specialdeputy

wardens

subdivifions, shall, at subdivision meetings to be holden for that appoint the

purpose, appoint what number of men shall serve for each subdi- number of

vision, and shall direct what number of men so to be appointed tomento serve

for each fub-

serve for such subdivision shall serve for each parish and place division, and

within such subdivision, in proportion to the numbers appointed for eachplace

to serve for such subdivision, and shall appoint another meeting to therein, and

be holden within the same subdivision asfoon as conveniently appoint ano-

thermeeting

may be, and within three weeks from the day of the prior meet- for chusing

ing , and shall issue an order to the chief constables, or other offi- the menby

cers of the respective hundreds and places within such subdivision, ballot, &c .

requiring them to give notice to the constable, tythingman, or

other officer of every parish or place within their respective hundreds and places, of the time and place of the next subdivision

meeting; and the said special deputy wardens, or any two of

them, at such subdivision meeting , shall cause the number of men

appointed to serve as aforesaid to be chosen by ballot out of the

duplicate of the lift returned for every parish and place, and

amended as aforesaid , in the same manner as men are or shall be

chosen by ballot to serve in the militia in England , and shall appoint another meeting to be holden in the same subdivision as soon

as conveniently may be, and within three weeks after such prior

meeting, and shall issue an order to the chief constables , or other

officers of the several hundreds or places within such subdivision,

to direct the constable, or other officer of every parish or place,

togive notice to each man so chosen to serve as aforesaid to appear at such meeting so to be appointed, which notice shall be

given to him, or left at his place of abode, at least seven days be-

fore such meeting; and such constable or other officer shall attend

VOL, XLIII. Ss such

626 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 72. [1802.

such meeting, and make a return on oath of the service of such

Persons chosen notice, and every person so chosen by ballot shall upon such no-

shall take the tice appear at such meeting , and there take the following oath ;

following

that is to say,

Oath;

ἹA. B. do sincerely promise and swear, That I will be faith-

ful, and bear ear true allegiance to his majesty King George;

and I do swear, that I will faithfully serve in the regiment of

miners of the counties of Cornwall and Devon, within Great Britain , for the defence of the same , during the time of five years,

for which I am inrolled, unless I shall be sooner discharged.

andbe inrol- And every such person shall be inrolled (in a roll to be then and

led .

there prepared for that purpose) to serve in the said regiment for

the space of five years.

Persons bal-

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That anyper-

lottedmay producefub-

son so chosen by ballot may produce a substitute, who shall be

examined, approved , enrolled , and sworn in the same manner,

stitutes, who

maybe inrol-

under the like regulations, for the fame term, and with the like

led .

limitation of service as substitutes may be sworn and enrolled under any acts which now are or maybe in force for regulating the

militia in England.

Ifthefull

number of

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if , through any neglect

menfor any subdivision

or mistake, or from any other cause, the full number of men ap-

shall notbe

pointed for any subdivision should not be duly enrolled at the

meeting appointed for that purpose , then the said special de-

inrolled, a

fresh ballot

puty wardens or any two or more of them, at their said meeting

mallbe taken, or at some subsequent meeting , are hereby required immediately

to proceed to a fresh ballot, and to adjourn their meeting, and

appoint other meetings and amendthe lifts, and repeat the amend-

ing of lists as may be necessary and expedient for carrying the

purposes of this act duly and fully into execution , in the fame

manner as deputy lieutenants maydo for the like purposes by the

laws in force concerning the militia.

Adeputy warden or

XV. And be it further enacted, that it shall be lawful for any

one special deputy warden orjustice of the peace to administer the

justice may administer oaths, and di-

oath herein-before required to be taken, either to any person bal-

lotted, or to any person who thall offer to serve as a substitute,

red the clerk

and such special deputy warden or justice of the peace is hereby

to inrollthe

authorised to direct and require the clerk of the subdivision, for

persons

iworn.

which every such person is to serve, to enroll on the roll of such

subdivision the name of such person, together with the day on

which the said oath was so administered to such person.

If persons XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any person chosen

chosenbybal- byballot as aforesaid thall refuse or neglect to appear and take

lot donot ap the oath aforesaid, and serve in the faidregiment, or provide a

perorprovide substitute who shall be examined, approved, sworn, and enrolled

funstitutes,

they thall for- according to the provisions herein contained; every such person

feitigl. andbe fo refusing or neglecting shall forfeit and pay the sum of fifteen

liable toferve

onnewbal pounds, and he liable, at the expiration of five years, to serve in

lot; and if the said regiment or provide a substitute; and in default of pay-

penaltybeatment of such penalty as aforesaid , or for want of sufficient effects

whereon

1802. ] Annoregni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III.C.72. 627

whereonto levy the same, the name of such person shall be en- paid, shall be

tered on the roll , and such person shall be delivered over to the compellableto

1 serve.

proper officer of the regiment, and shall be compelled to serve in

the said regiment , for such term, to be computed from the time

of his being apprehended , as any other person then ballotted for

would be liable to serve, and hall be subject to the same punish-

ment for afterwards absconding or deserting as he would have

been subject to in case he had appeared and been duly sworn

and inrolled: provided always, That if any person, so ballottedQuakersbal-

to serve in the said regiment , shall be one of the people called lotted tobe

Quakers , the fame proceedings shall be had with respect to such proceeded

as

person as may be had with respect to a Quaker ballotted to quakers in

serve in the militia in England; and all and every the provisions the militia

with respect to the people called Quakers in the several acts forces .

concerning the militia forces of England shall be carried into

execution in the levying of men to be raised by virtue of this

act, in the same manner and as fully and amply as if the same

had been repeated and enacted in the body of this act.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any two or more Subdivision

deputy wardens or justices of the peace shall, at any of their meetingsmay

order persons

subdivision meetings, receive information, or shall suspect that to serve who

any person, whose name shall be inserted in any list to be re- have fraudu-

turned in pursuance of this act, shall wilfully quit or leave hislently

placeor residence for the purpose of avoiding the service required changed their

by this act, it shall be lawful for them to make enquiry thereof ,

residence.

and to summon such persons as they shall think necessary to appear before them, at such time and place as they shall appoint,

and to examine such persons upon oath ( which oath any one of

them is hereby authorised to administer) ; and in cafe it shall

appear that such change of résidence was fraudulent, in order to

avoid serving in the said miners regiment , it shall be lawful for

such deputy wardens, or justices of the peace, or any two of

them, to appoint such person so fraudulently changing his refi-

dence , to serve as a private man in the said regiment, for the

parish, tything, or place for which such list shall have been re-

turned, if there shall be a vacancy ; and if there shall be no

vacancy at that time, then upon the first vacancy that shall hap-

pen; and if any such person shall neglect or refuse to serve in Penalty ofrol.

the said regiment pursuant to such order , he shall, for every such for refusing to

offence , forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds. serve.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Lists of two

the said special deputy wardens, or any two or more of them, places may be

within their respective subdivisions, to add together the lists ofadded toge-

ther.

two or more parishes or places within such subdivision, and pro-

ceed upon such lifts, added together, in the same manner as if

such lifts had been originally returned for one parish or place, fo

as to make the choice of men by ballot within every parish and

place ineach subdivision, as equal as possible .

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if the list of any Iflifts be loft ,

parish or place shall be lost or destroyed , it shall be lawful for thedeputy wardens may

the said specialdeputy wardens, or any two or more of them, to cause newlifte

SS2cause

628 Annoregni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. С.72. [1802 .

tobemade

out.

cause a new lift of such parish or place to be made and returned

to thent at their next or any subsequent subdivision meeting, and

to enforce the return thereof , and to proceed thereupon in the

same manner as they might have done upon the list so loft or

destroyed , ifthe same had not been lost or destroyed.

Establishment

of the regiment,

XX. And be it further enacted, That the number of private

men to be raised , in the first instance by virtue of this act, thall

be in the proportion ofone in fourteen of all such miners within

the said counties of Devon and Cornwall , as are liable to serve

under the provisions of this act; and that from and after the

twenty-fifth day of June one thousand eight hundred and five,

the number ofprivate men as aforesaid shall be raised in proportion

to the number of private men to be then furnished by the

county of Cornwall for the militia of the same county under any

act or acts which may be then in force concerning the militia

forces of England; and the said private men to be raised by

virtue of this act shall form a regiment of four companies, to

each of which there shall be one captain, one lieutenant , and

one ensign, and the field officers of the said regiment shall be

one lieutenant colonel commandant and one major: provided

always, that no field officer of the said regiment shall be captain

of acompany: provided always, that the said lieutenant colonel

commandant may be appointed, with the approbation of his

Majesty , to serve with the rank ofcolonel, in case he thall have

served as an officer for five years in his Majesty's regular forces,

or in the embodied militia : provided always, that in case of any

augmentation being made to the said regiment as herein-after

mentioned, no new companies shall be added thereto, unless the

number of private men shall be then sufficientto form more than

four companies of sixty private men at the least .

Thewarden

may be the

lieutenant

colonel.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for

the said warden , if he thall think fit , with the approbation of

his Majesty , to be the lieutenant colonel commandant of the

said regiment , instead ofappointing another person to be lieute-

nantcolonel commandant thereof .

Wardento

calloutthe

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be

regiment yearly for 21

lawful to and for the said warden, and he is hereby required,

once in every year , to call out the said regiment, or any part or

days, to be

trainedand

proportion thereof , not being less than two companies, for the

extrcited ,

purpose of being trained and exercised together for the space of

and the re-

twenty-one days, at such time or times, and place or places, as

gulations of

he shall appoint , with the approbation of his Majesty ; and in

the militia

Thall extend

cafe the whole of such regiment shall not be called out in order

thereto.

to be trained and exercised at the same time, the respective

parts thereof thall be trained and exercised successively, until the

whole of the men serving in such regiment shall have been

trained and exercised for the space of twenty - one days in every

year ; and all the rules, regulations, powers , directions, and

provisions contained in any act relating to the militia of England , not repugnant to the provisions of this act, shall extend

and be construed to extend to the said regiment , or any part thereof ,

-

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 728 629

thereof , when so called out as aforesaid, as fully and effectually

to all intents and purposes, as if the said rules, regulations,

powers, directions, and provisions were repeated and re- enacted

in the body of this act.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the lieutenant colonel Officers shall

have certain

commandant , and other officers of thesaid regiment , shall be per- qualifications .

fons having the like qualifications as are or shall be by law required

for officers of the fame rank, serving in the militia for the

counties of Cornwall and Devon.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That his Majesty mayHis Majesty

and shall appoint one proper person, who shall have served, or may appoint

an adjutant.

shall, at the time of such appointment actually serve in some of

his Majesty's other forces, or in any body of militia that has

been drawn out and embodied for the space offive years, to be

the adjutant of the said regiment of miners ; and such adjutant

shall and may have the like privileges, benefits , and advantages,

and no other, as any adjutant appointed to any body of militia

is entitled to by the laws in force concerning the militia.

XXV. And be it enacted, That the said warden shall and The warden

may, with the approbation of his Majesty, appoint one fit and

shall appoint

afurgeon ,

proper person who shall have passed his examination at surgeons

hall, and received his certificate accordingly, to be surgeon of

the said regiment; and such surgeon thall be entitled to the

fame pay and emoluments, and be subject to the same rules and

regulations as surgeons serving in the militia .

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the lieutenant and the lieu-

colonel commandant of the said regiment shall appoint a regi tenant colonel

mental clerk, who shall execute the office of paymaster, in the commandant aregimental

same manner, and with the like benefits as persons appointed to clerk .

the like offices by the colonels or commanding officers of re-

giments or battalions of militia.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That serjeants, corpo- Serjeants, cor-

rals, and drummers shall be appointed to the said regiment , in porals, and

the same manner, and in the fame proportion as serjeants, cor- drummers,

shall be ap-

porals, and drummers, are appointed to militia regiments inpointed in the

England; and such serjeants, corporals, and drummers, shall fame propor-

take the fame oath to serve faithfully in the said regiment oftion as to mi-

miners, as serjeants , corporals, and drummers of militia are re litia regi-

quired to take to serve in the militia, changing only what ought ments.

to be changed.

XXVIII . And whereas it may be expedient, in cafe his Majesty

Should order any increase to be made to the militia forces of England ,

that a proportionate augmentation should be made to the said regiment ;

be it therefore enacted, That whenever his Majesty shall , by his When his

royal proclamation, and by virtue of any act or acts which may Majesty shall

be in force concerning the militia of England, order and direct, augment the

militia , the

that the number ofmen serving for the several counties, ridings , warden shall

and places in England , shall be increased, the said warden and augment in

deputy wardens shall immediately , on the issuing of any such a like pro.

proclamation, assemble and forthwith proceed to pportion the portion the

: $$ 3 regiment ofnumber miners.

630 Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. c.72. [1802.

number of men necessary to be raised for augmenting the said

regiment, in the same proportion as may be directed by the said

proclamation for augmenting the militia of the county of Corn-

wall , among the hundreds or other divisions of the said counties

where miners dwell, and shall afterwards proceed to raise and

enrol such men at such time or times as shall be specified in

such proclamation ; and all the powers, provisions, regulations,

rules, penalties, forfeitures, bounties , allowances, clauses, mat-

ters, and things in this act contained, shall be applied, practised,

and put in execution, for raising, training, exercising, embody-

ing , and calling out into actualservice, the supplementary miners

bythis clause directed to be raised and enrolled, in as full and

ample a manner in every respect, as far as the same are applica-

ble, as if the said number of them so added to the said regiment

had been included in the number of men required and directed

to be raised by virtue of this act .

Theprovi- XXIX. And be it further enacted, That all and every the

fions of any

act, concern- provisions contained in any act made or to be made concerning

ing the mi- the militia forces of England, for holding the several general and

litia forces of subdivision meetings of lieutenancy of the several counties and

England, for hoangfert places therein mentioned, and appointing new or other meet-

ings, &c. shall ings, and for procuring and compelling returns and proceedings

extend to this thereon, and for ballotting men to serve in the said militia, and

act, so far as all and every the powers, provisions, rules, regulations, penalties

applicable ,

and forfeitures , bounties, allowances , clauses , matters, and things

contained in any such act, relative to the raising , training, em-

bodying, and calling out the said militia, or providing for the

families of militia men called out, or respecting the paying,

clothing, or subsisting the militia, or touching the billetting the

said militia, or in any manner relating to or concerning such

militia, or any officers or men serving therein, shall be applied,

practised, and put in execution with respect to the regiment

hereby directed to be raised, and the officers or men serving

therein , in as full and ample manner as if all and every such

powers, provisions, rules, regulations, penalties, forfeitures,

bounties and allowances, clauses , matters, and things had been

again repeated and enacted in this act, so far as the same retpec-

tively are applicable to the provisions of this act, and are not re

Regiment not

pugnant to or altered thereby.

to go out of

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nei-

Great Britain ,

ther the whole, nor any part of the said regiment, shall , on any

account, be carried or ordered to go out of Great Britain.

Provisions of

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the provisions of an

24Geo. 2.

act, passed in the twenty-fourth year of the reign of his late

24. shall Extendto the

majesty King George the Second, intituled An act for the render-

warden and

ingjustices of the peace more safe in the execution of their office , and

his deputies.

for indemnifying constables and others acting in obedience to their

warrants , shall extend to the said warden and deputy wardens

while acting in the execution of this act, in like manner and

as fully and effectually as the fame extend to justices of the

peace , acting in the execution of their office. XXXII. And

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III . C. 72. 631

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the acceptance ofAcceptance of

a commission in the said regiment shall not vacate the feat ofa commission

not to vacate

anymember returned to serve in parliament, and that no per- the feat of any

fon , being an officer of the said regiment, shall be compelled tomember of

serve the office of sheriff . parliament.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That all fines , penalties, Penalties how

and forfeitures by this act imposed , which shall exceed the sum to be reco-

of twenty pounds , thall be recovered by action of debt, bill, vered.

plaint , or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record

at Westminster, or in any of the stannary courts in the counties

of Cornwall and Devon, wherein no essoign, privilege, protection,

wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed ;

and that all fines , penalties, and forfeitures by this act imposed,

which shall not exceed the sum of twenty pounds, shall, on

proofupon oath of the offence before anyjustice of the peace

of the county , riding, or place where the offence shall be committed, be levied by distress and sale of the offender's goods and

chattels , by warrant under the hand and seal of such justice,

rendering the overplus (if any) ondemand, after deducting the

: charges of such distress and sale to the person whose goods and

: chattels shall have been fo distrained and fold; and for want of

sufficient distress, such justice is hereby required , in all cafes

where no particular time of commitment is herein before di-

rected , to commit such offender to the common gaol of the

county , riding, or place where the offence shall have been committed, for any time not exceeding three months ; and the

money arising by all such fines, penalties, and forfeitures , the

application whereof is not otherwise particularly directed by

this act, shall be paid to the clerk of the said regiment, and shall

be made part of the publick stock of such regiment.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That no order ofcon- No order of

viction made by the said warden or two special deputy wardens, conviction to

be removed

or by one special deputy warden, together with any onejustice by certiorari ,

of the peace, or by anyjustice or justices of the peace, by virtue &c.

of this act, shall be removed by certiorari out of the county ,

riding, division, city, town, or place wherein such order or conviction shall have been made, into any court whatsoever ; and

that no writ of certiorari shall supersede execution or other proceedings upon any such order or conviction fo made in pursuance

of this act, but that execution and other proceedings shall be

had and made thereupon ; any such writ or writs, or allowance

thereof , notwithstanding.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any action or Limitation of

suit shall be brought against any person or persons for any thing

actions .

done in pursuance of this act, such action or suit shall be commenced within six months next after the fact committed, and

not afterwards , and shall be laid in the county, riding, or place

where the cause of complaint did arise, and not elsewhere ,and

the defendant or defendants in every such action or suit, may

plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter General issue.

in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon ; and if the jury Thall

S $4

P

i

1

H

!

632 Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III.c.73 . [1802.

shall find for the defendant or defendants in any such action or

1

suit, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall be nonsuit, or discontinue

his or their action or suit after the defendant or defendants shall

have appeared, or if upon demurrer judgement shall be given

against the plaintiff or plaintiffs , the defendant or defendants

Treble costs. hall have treble costs, and have the like remedy for the same as

any defendant hath in other cases to recover costs by law.

CAP. LXXIII.

An ast for thepreservation of the health and morals of apprentices

and others, employed in cotton and other mills, and cotton and other

fattories .-[June 22, 1802.]

WHEREAS it hath of late become a practice in cotton and

woollen mills , and in cotton and woollenfactories, to employ a

great number of male andfemale apprentices, and other persons, in

the same building ; in consequence of which certain regulations are

become necessary to preserve the health and morals of such apprentices

and other persons ; be it therefore enacted by the King's most

excellent majesty , by and with the advice and consent of the

From Dec. 2 ,

lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present par-

1802, mills

liament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That

and factories employing a

from and after the second day of December one thousand eight hundred and two, all such mills and factories within Great Britain and

certain num-

Ireland , wherein three or more apprentices, or twenty or more

ber ofpersons other persons, shall at any time be employed, shall be subject to

subject to the regulations of the several rules and regulations contained in this act; and the

this act.

master or mistress of every such mill and factory is hereby strictly

enjoined and required to pay due attention to and act in strict

The rooms

shall be wash-

edwith quick

lime and

water twice

ayear, and

care shall be

taken to ad.

mit fresh air.

conformity to the said rules and regulations .

II. And be it enacted, That all and every the rooms and

apartments in or belonging to any such mill or factory shall,

twice at least in every year, be well and sufficiently washed

with quick lime and water over every part of the walls and

cieling thereof; and that due care and attention shall be paid

by the master and mistress of such mills or factories, to provide

a sufficient number of windows and openings in such rooms or

apartments, to insure a proper supply of fresh air in and through

the fame.

Apprentices shall be fup-

III . And be it further enacted, That every such master or

plied with two mistress shall constantly supply every very apprentice, during the

complete suits term of his or her apprenticeship, with two whole and com-

of cloathing , plete suits of cloathing , with suitable linen, stockings, hats , and

&c .andafuit

shall bedeli- shoes ; one new complete suit being delivered to such apprentice

veredyearly. once at least in every year.

Time ofwork-

IV. And be it further enacted, That no apprentice that now

ing not to

is or hereafter shall be bound to any such master or mistress,

exceed 12

hours.

shall be employed or compelled to work for more than twelve

hours in any one day , (reckoning from fix of the clock in the

morning to nine of the clock at night ), exclusive of the time

that maybe occupied by such apprentice in eating the necessary meals :

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 73. 633

meals : provided always, that, from and after the first day ofFrom June 1,

June one thousand eight hundred and three, no apprentice shall 1803, noap- prenticestobe

be employed or compelled to work upon any occasion whatever, compelledto

between the hours of nine of the clock at night and fix of the work between

clock in the morning. nine at night

V. And be it further enacted, That in any mill or factory ,

and fix in the

wherein not less than one thousand nor more than fifteen hun morning.

In mills or fac-

dred spindles are constantly used in the carrying on of the ma- tories wherein

nufacture, it shall and may be Jawful for the owner or owners a certain num-

of such mill to employ his apprentices in the night until the ber ofspindles

twenty-fifth day of December one thousand eight hundred and are used , ap-

three ; and in any mill or factory wherein more than fifteen prentices may

be employed

hundred spindles shall be employed, it shall and may be lawful in the night

for the owner of such mill to employ his apprentices in the till certain

night until the twenty - fifth day of June one thousand eight periods.

hundred and four ; any thing herein contained to the contrary

notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted, That every such apprentice Apprentices

shall be instructed, in some part of every working day , for the to be instruct-

first four years at least of his or her apprenticeship, which shall edeverywork-

ing dayfor the

next ensue from and after the second day of December one thou- firit four years

fand eight hundred and two, if he or she is an apprentice on the of his appren-

said second day of December one thousand eight hundred and ticeship in

reading , writ-

two , and for the first four years at least of his or her apprentice- ing andarith-

ship, if his or her apprenticeship commences at anytime after metick , &c.

the said second day of December one thousand eight and two,

in the usual hours of work, in reading, writing, and arithme-

tick, or either of them, according to the age and abilities of

such apprentice, by some discreet and proper person, to be provided and paid by the master or mistress of such apprentice, in

some room or place in such mill or factory to be set apart for

that purpose ; and that the time hereby directed to be allotted

for such instruction as aforesaid, shall be deemed and taken on

all occasions as part of the respective periods limited by this act

during which any such apprentice shall be employed or compelled to work.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the room or apartment Apartments of

male and fe-

in which any male apprentice shall sleep, shall be entirely sepa- male appren-

rate and distinct from the room or apartment in which any tices to be

female apprentice shall sleep ; and that not more than two ap- kept distinct,

prentices shall in any case sleep in the fame bed. and two only

VIII. And be it further enacted , That every apprentice, or

shall sleep in

one bed.

( in cafe the apprentices shall attend in classes), every such class

shall, for the space of one hour at least every Sunday, be in - Regulations

observed

structed and examined in the principles of the Christian religion, for the in-

by some proper person to be provided and paid by the master or struction of

mistress of such apprentice; and in England and Wales, in case apprentices

the parents of such apprentice shall be members of the church on Sundays .

of England , then such apprentice shall be taken, once at least in

every year during the term of his or her apprenticeship, to be

examined by the rector, vicar, or curate of the parish in which such

634 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III.C.73 . [1802.

such mill or factory shall be situate ; and shall also after such ap-

prentice shall have attained the age of fourteen years, andbefore

attaining the ageof eighteen years, be duly instructed and prepared

for confirmation, and be brought or fent to the bishop of the

diocese to be confirmed, in cafe any confirmation shall , during

such period, take place in or for the said parish; and in Scotland

where the parents of such apprentice shall be members of the

established church, such apprentice shall be taken, once at least

in every year, during the term of his or her apprenticeship, to

be examined by the minister of the parish; and shall after such

apprentice shall have attained the age of fourteen years, and be-

fore attaining the age of eighteen years, be carried to the parish

church to receive the sacrament of the Lord's supper, as the

fame is administered in churches in Scotland ; and such master

or mistress shall fend all his or her apprentices under the care of

some proper person, once in a month at least , to attend during

divine service in the church of the parish or place in which the

mill or factory shall be situated, or in some other convenient

church or chapel where service shall be performed according to

the rites of the church of England, or according to the established religion in Scotland , as the cafe may be , or in some

licensed place of divine worship; and in cafe the apprentices of

any such master or mistress cannot conveniently attend such

church or chapel every Sunday , the master or mistress , either by

themselves or some proper person, shall cause divine service to

be performed in some convenient room or place in or adjoining

to the mill or factory, once at least every Sunday that such ap-

prentices shall not be able to attend divine service at such church

or chapel; and such master or mistress is hereby strictly en-

joined and required to take due care that all his or her appren-

tices regularly attend divine service, according to the directions

of this act.

Justices at

IX. And be it further enacted, That the justices of the

their Midfum-

mer sessions

peace for every county, stewartry, riding, division, or place, in

yearly shall appoint twovisitors

which any such mill or factory shall be situated , shall , at the

Midsummerfeffions of the peace to be holden immediately after

the passing of this act for such county, stewartry, riding, division,

of such mills

or factories,

orplace, and afterwards yearly at their annualMidsummer sessions

who shall re.

of the peace, appoint two persons , not interested in, or in any way

port the con- connected with, any such mills or factories, to be visitors of

dition thereof such mills or factories in such county, stewartry, riding, division,

to the quarter or place; one of whom shall be a justice of peace for such

sessions, &c. county, stewartry, riding , division, or place, and the other shall

be a clergyman of the established church of England or Scotland ,

as the cafe may be, and in case it shall be found inconvenient

to appoint one suchjustice and one such clergyman as aforesaid,

it shall be lawful to and for such justices , and they are hereby

required to appoint two such justices or two such clergymen;

and the said visitors, or either of them, shall have full power

and authority from to time throughout the year, to enter into

and inspect any such mill or factory , at any time of the day , or during

i

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo fecundoGEORGII III. C. 73. 635

during the hours of employment, as they shall think fit; and

such visitors shall report from time to time in writing , to the

quarter sessions of the peace, the state and condition of such

mills and factories, and of the apprentices therein, and whether

the same are or are not conducted and regulated according to

the directions of this act, and the laws of the realm; and such

report thall be entered by the clerk of the peace among the re-

cords of the session in a book kept for that purpose : provided

always, that in case there shall be fix or more such mills or

factories within any one such county, riding, division, or place,

then it shall be lawful for such justices to divide such county,

riding , division or place, into two or more districts or parts ,

and to appoint two such visitors as aforesaid for each such dif-

tricts or parts.

X. And be it further enacted, That in case the said visitors Incase of infectious

or either of them shall find that anyinfectious disorder appears disorders pre-

to prevail in any mill or factory as aforesaid, it shall be lawful vailing, the

for them or either of them to require the master or mistress of visitors may

any such mill or factory to call in forthwith some physician, or require the

other competent medical person, for the purpose of ascertain- master to call

in medical af-

ing the nature and probable effects of such disorder , and for fiftance, &c.

applying such remedies and recommending such regulations as

the said physician, or other competent medical person, shall

think most proper for preventing the spreading of the infection

and for restoring the health of the sick; and that such physi-

cian, orother competent medical person, shall report to such

visitors, or either of them, as often as they shall be required so

to do, their opinion in writing of the nature, progress, and

present state of the disorder, together with its probable effects ;

and that any expences incurred in consequence of the provisions

aforesaid for medical assistance, shall be discharged by the master

or mistress of such mill or factory.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any person or persons Penalty for

shall oppose or molest any of the said visitors in the execution of obstructing

the powers intrusted to them by this act, every such person or

vititors.

persons shall for every such offence forfeit and pay any fum not

exceeding ten pounds nor less than five pounds .

XII. And be it further enacted, That the master or mistress Copies of

of every such mill or factory shall cause printed or writtencopies affixed in two

this act to be

of this act to be hung up and affixed in two or more conspicu- conspicuous

ous places in such mill or factory , and shall cause the same to be places of such

constantly kept and renewed, so that they may at all times be mills or facto-

legible and accessible to all persons employed therein . ries.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That every master or mif- Penalty on

masters of-

tress of any such mill or factory who shall wilfully act contrary fending against

to or offend against any of the provisions of this act, shall for this act.

such offence, (except where otherwise directed), forfeit and pay

any fum not exceeding five pounds nor less than forty shillings,

at the discretion of the justices before whom such offender shall

beconvicted as after mentioned; one half whereof shall be paid

to the informer , and the other half to the overseers of the poor in

636 Anno regni quadragesimo fecundoGEORGII III. c. 73. [1802.

in England and Ireland , and to the minister and elders in Scotland , of the parish or place where such offence shall be committed, to be by them applied in aid of the poor rate, in England

and Ireland, and for the benefit of the poor in Scotland , of such

parish or place : provided always, that all informations for of-

fences against this act, shall be laid within one calendar month

Mills or fac-

after the offence committed, and not afterwards .

tories employ- XIV. And be it further enacted, That every such master or

ingacertain number of mistress shall, at the Epiphany sessions in every year, make, or

persons tobe cause to be made, an entry in a book to be kept for that purpose

entered in a by the clerk of the peace of the county, riding, or division in

bookkept by which any mill or factory shall be situate , of every such mill or

the clerkof

thepeace,

factory occupied by him or her wherein three or more appren-

who shall re-

tices or twenty or more other persons, shall be employed; and

ceive as. for

the said clerk of the peace shall receive for every such entry the

each entry.

sum of two shillings and no more.

Penalties and

forfeitures

XV. And be it further enacted, That all offences for which

how to be

any penalty is imposed under this act , shall and may be heard

recovered.

before any two or morejustices of the peace, acting in or for

the place where the offence shall be committed; and all penal-

ties and forfeitures by this act imposed, and all costs and charges

attending the conviction of any such offender or offenders, shall

and maybe levied by distress and sale of the offenders goods and

chattels, by warrant under the hand and seal of any two or

more justices of the peace acting for the county, stewartry,

riding, division , or place where such offence shall be committed, rendering the overplus (if any) to the party or parties

offending ; and which warrant such justices are hereby empowered and required to grant , upon conviction of the offender ,

either by confession, or upon the oath of one or more credible

witness or witnesses (which oath such justices are hereby empowered to administer); and in case such distress cannot be

found, and such penalties, forfeitures, and costs shall not be

forthwith paid, it shall and may be lawful for such justices, and

they are hereby empowered and required, by warrant under

their hands and seals, to commit such offender or offenders to

the commongaol or house of correction of the county, stewartry,

riding, division, or place where the offence shall be committed,

for any time not exceeding two calendar months, unless the said

penalty, forfeiture, and costs, shall respectively be sooner paid

and satisfied : provided always, that no warrant of distress shall

be issued for levying any such penalty , forfeiture, or costs, until

six days after the offender shall have been convicted, and an

order made upon him or her for payment thereof; and no such

conviction shall be removeable by certiorari or bill of advocation

into any court whatsoever.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That every such conviction

before such justices may be made in the following form ; to wit,

viction. Form ofcon County of

E itremembered, That on the

towit.

} Ben in the year

A. B.

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 74. 637

A. B. was, upon the complaint of C. D., convicted before

of

of the justices of the peace for the said county

[ er , for of or in the said county

of

as the cafeshallhappen to be] , in pursuance of

an act, passed in the forty-second year of the reign of his Majesty King George the Third, for [or , as the cafe may be] . Given

under our hands and seals, the day and year above written. '

Which conviction shall be certified to the next general quarter

sessions, there to be filed amongst the records of the county,

riding , or division.

XVII. And be it enacted, That this act shall be deemed and Publick act .

taken tobe apublick act, and shall bejudicially taken notice of

as such , by all judges, justices, and others, without specially

pleading the fame,

CAP. LXΧιν.

An all to amend an act , made in the twenty- second year of the reign

of bis present Majesty, for the better relief and employment of the

poor , fofaras relates to the payment of the debts incurredfor build-

ing any poor house. -[June 22, 1802. ]

W

HEREAS by an act, made in the twenty- second year of the

reign of his present Majesty, intituled , An act for the better 22 Geo. 3 .

relief and employment of the poor, it was, among other things, C. 83 .

enacted , that in cafe any moneyshould be borrowed, under the powers .

of the said act, for the building any poor house or workhouse, or pur-

chafing any land necessary to be used for that purpose, the affefsments

for the relief of the poorshould continue at the same rate they were

whenfuch poor bouse or workhouse was first established , until the debts

So contratted , and the interest thereof , should be fully discharged : and

whereas the said provision has been found bigbly burthensome and op-

preffive tofuchparishes as have adopted the provisions of the said act , The guardi-

from the necessity there has been, on account of the late high price ofans of the

poorof any

provisions, to impose heavy rates for the relief of the poor during the parith whe

last two years; be it therefore enacted by the King's most ex- have erected

cellent majesty , by and with the advice and consent of the lords anywork-

spiritual and temporal , and commons, in this present parliament house under

the recited

assembled, and by the authority of the same , That the guar- act, shall ,

dians of the poor of any parish, who have erected any poor with the

house or workhouse under the powers of the said recited act, consent of the

shall, and they are hereby authorised and empowered, with the persons to

whom pay-

consent of the several persons to whom the same shall be due able, pay off

and payable, yearly and every year to pay off and discharge any yearly not less

partof the money borrowed under the powers of the said re- thanone

cited act , not being less than one twentieth part thereof , besides twentieth part

of the money

the interest which may be payable on the sum remaining undif- borrowed.

charged; and in case such sum so to be paid off thall not in any Money to

one year be sufficient to discharge any one of the notes for fifty remain in

pounds , issued pursuant to the directions of the said act for overseers"

securing the money borrowed under the authority thereof , the hands till it

amounts to

fame sol, to pay off

L

!

638 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 75. [ 1802.

the notes of same shall, from time to time, remain in the hands of the over-

that amount. seers of the poor of such parish, until it amounts to a sufficient

fum to pay off and discharge any of the said notes .; any thing

contained in the said recited act to the contrary hereof in any

wise notwithstanding.

CAP. LXXV.

An act to amend the laws for the better regulation of the linen manufacture in Ireland.- [June 22, 1802.]

WHEREAS thefeveral provisions heretofore made for preventing the importation and sale of . flaxfeed andhempfeedunfit

forfowing , and for securing the growers offlax seed and hempseed

from being imposed on by bad , mixed, or damnified flax seed or hemp

feed in Ireland, have proved insufficient : may it therefore please

your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it enacted by

the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and

consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in

this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the

Such parts of

the Irish acts

of3Geo. 3 .

fame, That every clause, provision, and direction, contained in

an act, made in Ireland in the third year of the reign of his

present Majesty, intituled, An act for the better regulation of the

linen or bempen manufacture, and every clause, provision, and

17 & 18 Geo. direction contained in one other act, made in the seventeenth

3. and and eighteenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act to explain and amend an act, passed in the third year

of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for the better

regulation of the linen and hempen manufacture, and every clause,

provision, and direction contained in one other act, made in

23&24Geo .3. the twenty-third and twenty-fourth years of the reign of his

as relate to the present Majesty, intituled, An att for further promoting the linen

importation,

&c. offlax or

and bempen manufactures, relating to or in any manner concern-

hemp feed

ing or affecting the importation, sale, or branding of flax seed

thallbe re-

or hemp feed, be , and the fame is and are hereby repealed,

pealed .

and declared to be null and void to all intents and purposes

whatsoever.

Bad or da- II. And be it further enacted, That all bad, mixed, or

maged flax or damnified flax feed or hemp feed , which shall be imported into

hemp feed imported into Ireland , shall be forfeited, together with the packages in which

Ireland, shall the same shall be contained, to the trustees of the linen and

be forfeited. hempen manufacture of Ireland, to be by them burned or fold

for the purpose of being exported or crushed into oil, as they

shall think proper .

III. And , in order to ascertain the quality and condition of all flax

feed and hemp feed which shall be imported there, be it further en-

Regulationsto acted, That all flax feed and hemp seed , which shall be imported

be observed in into Ireland , shall be detained in his Majesty's stores at the place

ascertaining of import, or in such stores as shall be provided for that pur-

quality

andcondition pose at the expence of the importer, of which stores the collector

offlax and shall keep the key; for which storage or detaining no fee what-

hemp feed imported .

foever shall be demanded or payable, there to remain until it shall

1802.] Anno regni quadragefinto secundoGEORGII III . C. 75. 639

shall be examined and inspected by an officer appointed by the

said trustees in manner herein-after mentioned; that is to say,

such officer shall immediately, on receiving notice in writing

from the importer thereof or his agent that such seed is landed,

repair forthwith to the custom house, and shall there open , in

the presence of the collector, or some officer of the port to be

byhim appointed for the purpose, every cask or package thereof ,

and examine the same; and small brand or mark every cask or

package which shall appear to him tocontain sound unmixed

seed fit for fowing, with the word Sound ; and shall also mark

thereon the month and year of such his examination, together

with his name or the initials thereof , and the name of the port ;

and he shall forthwith seize , for the use of the said trustees, all

such seed as shall appear to him to be bad, mixed, damnified, or

unfit for fowing, together with the cafks and packages containing the same: provided always, that if the importer of any feed ,Persons

which shall be so seized, shall think himself aggrieved by such aggrieved by

seizure of

seizure , it shall and may be lawful for him to apply to any such feed may

magistrate within whose jurisdiction the place of import shall be apply to a

situated; and every such magistrate is hereby authorised and re- magistrate .

quired to summon such officer to appear before him, and also to

summon any merchants, farmers, or other persons within his

jurisdiction, whom he shall conceive to be skilled in the nature

of such feed , and he shall swear not more than five nor less than

three of such merchants, farmers, or other persons, which oath

he is hereby empowered to administer, well and truly to exa-

mine the quality and condition of the feed contained in each

cask or package so seized , and true verdict to give, whether the

same is bad , mixed, or damnified, or whether it is found, un-

mixed, or fit for fowing ; and if the opinion or verdict of such

persons, or the majority of them given in writing and signed by

them, shall be, that the feed contained in any cask or package

is found , unmixed, and fit for fowing, such officer shall forth-

with brand or mark the said cask or package in manner aforesaid , and small also mark over or before the word Sound , the

word Sworn; and such cask or package so marked shall be forth-

with discharged from seizure : provided also, that if the importer Flax or hemp

or owner of any flax seed or hemp seed seized or detained in feed may be

delivered up ,manner aforesaid, for being bad, mixed, or damnified, or unfit after seizure,

for fowing, shall give notice in writing to the customer or col- for importa-

lector of the port , and to the officer who shall have seized the tion, or for

fame , that he means to export such seed detained in his Ma- crushing into

jesty's stores, it shall and may be lawful for him to export the oil, &c.

fame at any time within three months after the importation,

notwithstanding the seizure thereof ; or if the importer or

owner thereof thall give notice in writing to such officer that

he intends to crush the same into oil, or to fell the same for

being crushed into oil , and shall by himself , or together with

such manufacturer of linseed oil, as he shall fell or agree to fell

the fame for that purpose; or in case he shall not be himself a

manufacturer of linfeed oil, within one month after such seizure,

enter

640 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 75. [1802 .

enter into security before any inspector general of the said truf-

tees, or other officer of the said trustees , or before any two of

the said trustees, by bond to their secretary in a fum after the

rate of ten pounds for each hogshead or other package thereof ,

that the feed contained therein thall be crushed into oil before

the first day of December following, every such cask or package,

and the feed contained therein, shall remain in his Majesty's

stores until the first day of July following, and it shall then be

delivered notwithstanding such seizure to such merchant or

manufacturer of linseed oil as shall have given such security, on

his producing to the proper officer of the revenue a certificate

from the person or persons who shall have taken such security,

that the fame has been duly given as required by law ; and no

such security shall be vacated until due proof be given, to the

satisfaction of the said trustees, that such seed has been crushed

into oil.

Before any

IV. And be it further enacted, That, before any hogshead,

hogshead of

fax or hemp

cask, or package containing flax seed or hemp feed, which shall

feed shallbe delivered out

be fo branded or smashed by such officer appointed by the said

trustees , shall be delivered out of the aforesaid stores at the port

of store , the

into which the same shall be imported , the collector at such port

collector thall

brand thereon

hall likewise brand or mark thereon the name of the port and

the name of

the year; and that every collector shall and may demand and

theportof importation,

receive, and he is hereby required to demand and receive from

the importer and owner of ali flax seed or hemp feed, imported

and year:

collector to

and examined as aforesaid, the sum of sixpence for each and

receive 6d. for

every hogshead, cask , or package containing the fame, to be

each hogf .

disposed of in manner following; that is to say, every collector

head , &c.

shall and may, out of the sums arising therefrom, retain and

take to his own use a sum, after the rate of three- pence for

each hogshead, cask, or package, which he shall brand or mark,

pursuant to the provisions aforesaid, and he shall pay over the

remainder on demand , without any defalcation or abatement to

such officer appointed by the said trustees ; and he shall and may

detain, and he is hereby required to detain, every such hogshead,

cask, or package, until the said sum of sixpence be paid on aс-

count thereof.

No flax or

V. And be it further enacted, That no flax feed or hemp

hemp feed to

feed imported into Ireland shall be sent coastwife to any portin

befent coast-

wife without a

that country without a permit from the collector, or other pro-

permit, on

per officer of his Majesty's revenue, at the port from whence

pain offor-

the same shall be shipped, specifying the number and nature of

feiture.

packages containing the same, and the marks or brands there-

on, and the port for which the fame is to be shipped, together

with the name of the port from whence it came, and the ship

in which it was imported ; for every which permit the fum of

three -pence, and no more, shall be paid; and every such permit

shall be entered by the proper officer of the port, immediately

on the arrival of the feed , in a book to be open at all times

within custom house hours, for the inspection of any officer of

the said trustees, without fee or reward ; and such permit shall bo

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 75. 641

be then delivered to the person to whom the said feed shall be

consigned ; and if any flax feed or hemp feed shall be fent coast-

wifewithout such permit , it shall be forfeited to the use of the

person prosecuting for the fame, and shall may be seized by any

officer of his Majesty's revenue, or by any officer appointed by

the said trustees.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all flax seed or hemp Forfeited flax

feed, which shall be forfeited as aforesaid to the use of the said or hemp feed

to be burned

trustees, shall be delivered out of his Majesty's stores to the said or fold within

trustees, or any officer by them appointed to be burned or fold a month after

for the purpose and in manner before mentioned, at the expira- seizure, unless

tion of one month from the day of its seizure, unless such secu- securitybe

entered into

rity be entered into as aforesaid for its being crushed into oil , or for its being

unless such notice as before mentioned shall be given of the in- crushed into

tention to export the fame; in which latter case it shall be oil, &c.

delivered to be burned or fold for the purposes before mentioned at the end ofthree months from the day of its seizure,

if the person or persons, giving such notice of intention to export , shall have omitted or neglected to ship the fame for

export . VII. And be it enacted, That no flax feed orhemp feed shall No flax or

be fold or exposed to sale for fowing, except in the cask or hemp feed

shall be fold

package in which the same shall have been imported, and duly for fowing,

brandedwith the word Sound , and marked in manner as before except in the

mentioned ; and that every person who shall import any flax caskin which

feed or hemp feed, and fell or deliver to any one person, at any imported, and

onetime, one or more cask or cafks, package or packages of brandedwith

the word

such feed for fowing, or in order to be fown, thall, together sound .

with every such parcel, deliver a certificate in writing, if de-

manded, fubscribed by such person expressing truly the quantities

and price of feed so imported and fold, and the port from

whence the fame was imported, and the year of its growth;

and that every person not being the importer, who shall fell or Regulationsto

deliver , to any one buyer at one time, one peck or any larger be observed in

quantity of flax feed or hemp feed for fowing, or in order to be felling such

sown, shall, together with every such parcel, deliver to the

buyer a certificate signed by such person (ifdemanded) expref-

sing truly the quantity and price of the feed fo fold, that the

fame was fo fold by him for fowing , with the name and abode

of the person from whom he or the bought it , and the time

when, together with the name of the port from whence the

fame was imported , if it be foreign feed, and the year of its

growth as specified in the certificate given to him or her there-

with ; and that it is fold to such person out of the original cask

or package wherein he or she received it, without any mixture

of other feed, unless it be seed of Irish growth, in which cafe

he or the need not certify that it is fold out of the original cask

or package, but that it is feed of Irish growth, unmixed with

any other feed ; and if any person shall sell or expose to sale in

anycask or package so branded or marked, any other feed than

what was actually imported in the fame , or shall fell at any

VOL. XLIII.

Тт time ,

642 Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. c. 75. [ 1802.1

time , or in any manner, any bad, mixed, or damnified flax feed

or hemp feed for fowing, or any flax feed or hemp feed unfit

for fowing, or any feed not being of the growth of the country,

or the year he or the hath stated it so to be, or if any person

felling or exposing any flax feed or hemp feed to sale shall have

in his custody any mixed, bad, or damnified flax seed or hemp

feed , or any foreign flax feed or hemp feed, ex ept in the cask or

package wherein it was originally imported , branded with the

word Sound, and marked as herein provided, or shall neglect or

refuse to deliver such certificate as is herein- before required if

demanded, or if any thing contained in any such certificate

Penaltyfor

hall not be truth, every such person shall for every such offence

notcomplying forfeit all fach flax feed or hemp feed, together with the casks or

withsuch regulations.

packages containing the fame, or the price thereof if fold, and

also the fum of ten pounds ten shillings for every hogshead, cask,

or other package thereof , and so in proportion for any less

quantity than a hogshead to any person who shall fue for the

Officersneg-

fame; and if any officer or officers appointed by the said truf-

lecting their

tees thall neglect or refuse to inspect and examine any cask or

dury inin-

Specting caiks,

package containing flax feed or hemp feed imported, or shall on

& c . shall for. such examination omit to seize any cask or package containing

feit10l.

bad, mixed, or damnified seed, or shall brand or mark any cask

or package contrary to the provisions of this act; or if any

officer of his Majesty's customs shall permit any flax feed or

hemp seed to be taken from his Majesty's custom house or stores

contrary to the provisions hereof , every officer or officers so of-

fending shall , for each and every cask or other package in respect

to which such offence shall be committed, forfeit the sum of ten

Penalty on

pounds to any person who shall fue for the fame; and if any

persons coun- terfeiting

person or persons thall counterfeit or fraudulently alter any brand

marks on

or mark which shall be put on any cask or package, pursuant to

cafks.

the provisions of this act, and shall be dulyconvicted thereof by

indictment or information, every such person shall be adjudged

guilty of felony and suffer punishment accordingly, and may be

transported as a felon.

VIII. And whereas it hath been found that flax seed andhemp

Seed , branded as found, and not fown in the fameyear in which it

shall have been branded , may become unfound and unfit forfowing in

Marksput on the next year; be it therefore enacted, That such brands or

casks thall

onlybein marks as shall be put on any cask or package pursuant to this act,

force till July shall only be of force until the first of July in each year wherein

1 , of theyear the same shall have been made , so as to allow the feed therein

in which the

fame shall be

contained to be fold or exposed to sale ; and that every importer

branded, so as

of flax feed or hemp feed who shall have any such feed remain-

toallow the

ing unfold on the first day of July in each year, shall, within

feed therein

contained to

one month after the said first day of July in each year ; and

befold.

everyperson selling or dealing in flax feed or hemp feed, or who

Notice shall

shall mean to fell or deal therein, and who shall have in his or

be given to

her possession on the said first day of July , or who shall before

theinspector

the first day of February following buy or receive any flax seed

of the quan

or hemp feed , shall , within one month after such first day of

tityoffeedin : July ,

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. c. 75. 643

July , or after such person shall receive such seed, give notice in possession after

writing to the nearest inspector, or other officer of the said July 1, &c.

who shall

trustees, stating the quantity and number of packages of the again brand

feed in his or her possession, the substance of the certificate on the casks

given to him or her therewith, ifhe be not the importer, and the monthand

if he be the importer a certificate of the like import as year, and the

every word Sound

importer is hereby required togive to any person to whom he

fells feed ; and every such officer shall, at some time in the

months of January or February next following such notice, in-

spect and examine the fame; and on every cask or package

containing found feed fit for fowing he shall brand or mark the

month and the year, as near as conveniently may be to the

original brand or mark, and impose a second brand or mark of

the word Sound; and if it shall appear to him to contain feed but if the feed

bad or damnified, so as not to be fit for fowing, he shall mark proves to be

bad theword

thereon the word Unfit, together with the month and year of Unfit shall be

such his examination, andhe shall seize the fame, together with branded, and

the feed contained therein : provided always, that if the owner the cask and

thereof or the person giving him such notice shall , within one feed forfeited,

week after such second examination , give security by bond pay- be given by

unless security

able to the secretary of the said trustees, inasum after the rate theowner that

of ten pounds for each hogshead or package containing the it shall be ex-

fame , that such seed shall be exported or crushed into oil, such ported or

crushed into

officer who shall have seized the fame , shall keep it in his cuf - oil .

tody at the expence of the owner thereof until the first day of

July following , when he shall deliver it to the owner thereof;

and on failure of such security being then given, all such seed

shall be forfeited to the said trustees, to be disposed of by them

in like manner as any feed forfeited pursuant to the provisions

of his act : provided always, that the person or persons in whose

possession any such seed shall be so seized, may, if he, the, or

they think himself , herself , or themselves aggrieved, have like

remedy , by application to a magistrate, as is herein-before providedin case of an importer.

Such second

IX. And be it further enacted, That for every such second examination

examination, the officer appointed by the said trustees shall be shall entitle

entitled to the officer to

receive the sum of sixpence for each cask or package 6d. for each

which he shall examine, and no more.

cask.

X. And be it further enacted, That the produce arising from Application

all feed forfeited to the said trustees and fold for their use, and of forfeitures

from all fees payable by virtue of this act, except where it is and fees .

otherwise directed, shall be applied by them in rewarding officers

orother persons for their zeal and attention in carrying this act

into execution, or in otherwise encouraging and promoting the

growth of flax and hemp in Ireland. Officers not

XI. And be it further enacted, That no collector, revenue answerable

officer , or officer of the said trustees, shall be answerable for any for any da-

damage which any feed seized may sustain while it shall be under mage forfeited

seizure; and that all expences attending every seizure, and the feed mayfuf-

tain , or fordetaining of feed in custody, shall be paid by the person or per- anyexpence

fons whose property it shall have been when seized , before such attending the

TT2

feed seizure,

---

!

644 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III . C. 75. [1802 .

feed shall be returned to him, pursuant to the provisions of this

Officers tak- act; and that if any officer of his Majesty's revenue, or any

ing any other officer or other person appointed by the trustees of the linen

thanthe

allowed fees, manufacture, shall ask, take, or receive, directly or indirectly,

shall forfeit

any fee, gratuity, or reward, other than the fee or fees hereby

100l.

enacted, for any thing done or to be done by virtue of this act,

he shall forfeit the fum ofone hundred pounds to any person who

shall fue for the fame.

Penalties and

forfeitures

XII. And be it further enacted, That all penalties and for-

how to be

feitures imposed by this act shall and may be sued for and re-

recovered.

covered in manner as any other penalties respecting the linen

and hempen manufacture, may be sued for and recovered.

Buyers not

1

barredbring-

XIII. And be it further enacted , That if any person shall

ingactions against per- buy flax feed or hemp feed, with an intent to sow the fame,

and it shall prove to be unfound, mixed, bad , damnified, or unfit

fons who have for fowing, the penalties hereby inflicted on the person who shall

foldthem have fold the same, shall not be deemed a bar to his or her

damaged feed , notwith- bringing his or her action for damages, or suing for the fame

anding the by civil bill or otherwise, but that it shall and may be lawful for

penalties hereby in-

every person to sue for and recover the damages which he or

Aicted .

she shall sustain by such feed having been mixed, bad, damnified,

or unfit for fowing, or different from the feed which the certificate given, or which ought to have been given at the time of

sale, if demanded, imports, or would have imported.

XIV. And whereas, by an act passed in Ireland, in the twenty-

sixth year ofbis present Majesty, intituled , An act for granting the

fum of four thousand pounds to the trustees of the linen manufacture for the purposes therein mentioned; it was enalted , that

the said trustees should not make any grant of any kind whatsoever, for

the encouragement of the linen or hempen manufacture, or for any

purpose whatsoever, fave only for the buildings at the linen hall in

Dublin, and the necessary repairs thereof , or the expence of insti-

tuting or defending any suit at law, or adjudge or determine any

premium or bounties whatsoever, except in the three months ending the

Thetrustees

twenty - fifth day of March, or agree to offer or propose any premium

of the linen manufacture ,

or bounty except in the said three months, or in the month ending the

insteadof the twenty- fifth day of April ; provided always, that no premium or

periodspre- bountiesshall be offered or proposed in the month ending the twenty-

Icribed by 26 fifth day of Aprilfollowing, to a greater amount than thefavings on

Geo. 3. thall the determination or adjudication of premiums or bounties on the

makegrants

for the en- twenty - fifth day of March preceding: and whereasthesaid months are

couragement now become inconvenient for the purposes aforesaid , be it enacted,

of themanu- That the said recited clause shall be and ishereby repealed ; and

five months

factures in the that the said trustees shall not make any grant of any kind

ending Jan. 1 , whatsoever for the encouragement of the linen and hempen

only , except manufactures or for any purpose whatsoever, save only for the

for thebuild-

ingsatthe

buildings at the linen hall in Dublin, and the necessary repairs

linenhall in

thereof , or the expence of instituting or defending any suit at

Dublin , &c.law , except in the five months ending the first day of January.

XV. And whereas the said trustees of thelinen and bempen manufactures are seised of a piece ofground near Balls Bridge in the

county

1

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 75. 645

county of the city of Dublin, by virtue of a lease for lives, with a

covenant of perpetual renewal made by John Forde esquire, to

Brockhill Newburgh esquire, deceased , then clerk to the said trustees,

and in trustfor the said trustees and theirfuccessors ; and the said

Brockhill Newburgh, by order and direction of thesaid trustees and

for their use, did many years ago demise the same to Mary Dunkin

deceased , for a term of years, of which about seven years are yet un-

expired , at a rent considerably less than the rent payable by the said

trustees for the fame; whichsaid premises wereso demised to the said

Mary Dunkinfor the purpose of carrying on the business ofprinting

andstamping of linens and cottons therein : and whereassome doubts

may be entertained whether the said trustees are empowered , as the Onthe expi-

law now nowflands, to demise the fame; be it therefore enacted, ration or fur-

That it shall and may be lawful for the said trustees, upon the render of the

demise of

expiration or surrender of the said demise made to Mary Dunkin , premises near

to demise, grant, and let the said premises, or any part thereof , Balls Bridge

for such term of years, or for such number of lives, and with made toMary

such covenant for renewals, as they shall think proper, at such Dunkin, the

trusteesmay

rent and fines for renewal, not being less than the rent and fines let the fame,

for renewal which the said trustees are subject to: provided al- on condition

ways, that in every such grant or demise there be contained a that the lessee on some

sufficient covenant on the part of the lessee or lessees, his or branch of the

their heirs, executors, administrators , or assigns, to carry on, in linen or cotton

and upon the same , some branch of the linen or cotton manu- manufacture

facture at all times during the continuance of such demise. there.

XVI. And be it further enacted , That it shall be lawful for The secretary

the secretary or clerk of the said trustees, and his successor for of the trustees

shall execute

the time being, by their order and direction given at one of the demise of

their meetings to be holden on the first Tuesday in any month, such premises

signedby twelve of the said trustees at the least , present at such by their

meeting, to seal and execute any demise of the said premises order.

which they shall so direct to be made pursuant to this act; and

that in any and every such demise to be so made of the said

premises , they the said trustees, and their successors , shall have

all such remedies for recovery of the reserved rent and fines or

renewal, and for enforcing the performance of all covenants,

conditions, and agreements to be therein contained, by pro-

ceeding either at law or in equity, in the name of their secretary

or clerk, for the time being, as any other leffor may or can

have ; and that' no suit at law or in equity touching or concerning the same shall abate by the death, resignation, or other

removal of such secretary or clerk , but the same shall be car-

ried on in the name of the successor of every such secretary or

clerk.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That this act shall be Publick act.

deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick act, and shall be

judicially taken notice of as such by all judges, justices, and

other persons, without specially pleading the fame.

TT3 CAP.

646 Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. c. 76. [1802.

CAP. LXXVI .

An act for repealing two acts, made in the thirty- second and thirty-

sixthyears of the reign of bis present Majesty, for the more effectual

administration of the office of ajustice of the peace, infuch parts of

the counties of Middlesex and Surrey, as lie in and near the me-

tropolis, and for the more effectual prevention of felonies ; and for

making other provisions in lieu thereof, and for increasing the

salaries of the justices at the Thames police office ; until the first

day of June one thousand eight hundred andfeven, and from thence

to the end of the then next fession of parliament.-[ June 22, 1802.]

an act was made in the thirty- second year

32Geo. 3. c.

WHEREAS reign of his present Majesty, intituled , An act for the

53.

more effectual administration of the office of a justice of the

peace, in such parts of the counties of Middlesex and Surrey, as

lie in and near the metropolis, and for the more effectual prevention of felonies ; which was to continue inforce until the first

day of June one thousand seven hundred and ninety - five, and from

36Geo. 3. c. thence to the end of the then next session of parliament ; which, by

75. recited, another act made in the thirty - sixth year of the reign ofbis present

Majesty , was continued for the term offive years, and from thence to

the end of the then nextfeffion of parliament : and whereas it is expedient

that the said acts should be repealed , and more effectual provisions

made in lieu thereof: may it therefore please your Majesty that

it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords

spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament

and repealed. assembled, and by the authority of the same , That the said acts

shall, from and after the passing of this act, be , and the same are

hereby repealed.

The seven

II. And be it enacted, That the several publick offices now

publick of-

fices now esta-

established in the following places; namely , the parishes of

blished, and

Saint Margaret Westminster, Saint James Westminster, Saint James

the justices acting therein,

Clerkenwell , Saint Leonard Shoreditch, Saint Mary Whitechapel, and

Saint Paul Shadwell , in the county of Middlesex, and at or near Saint

tinued .

Margaret's Hill , in the borough of Southwark, in the county of

Surrey, thall be continued, and the several persons appointed by his

Majesty to execute the office of justice of the peace at each of

the said offices, by virtue of the said act, shall continue to execute the fame, together with such otherjustices of the peace for

the said counties respectively as may think proper to attend.

His Majesty III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be

may appoint justices to fill lawful for his Majesty, from time to time, upon any vacancy

up vacancies, in any of the said offices , by death or otherwise , to appoint

other fit and proper persons, being justices of the peace of the

said counties of Middlesex and Surrey respectively, to execute the

Justices shall duties of the said office in his place; and that one or more of

attend atcer- the said justices, so appointed as aforesaid , shall diligently attend

tainhours. at each of the said publick offices every day , from ten of the

clock in the morning until eight of the clock in the evening, and

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 76. 647

and at such other times and places as shall be found necessary ;

and that two of the said justices so to be appointed as aforesaid

shall in like manner attend together at each of the taid offices,

from twelve of the clock at noon until three in the afternoon ,

and from fix of the clock in the evening until eight of the

clock in the evening of every day: provided always , that the

attendance of one of the said justices may be supplied during the

hours at which the attendance , of two is required as aforesaid,

by any other justice of the peace for the said counties of Mid-

dlesex or Surrey respectively.

IV. And be it enacted, That no justice or justices of the Nojustice ,

peace for the county of Middlesex, county of Surrey, city and &c.thall take

fees butat

liberty of Westminster, or liberty of the tower of London, or his the publick

or their clerk or clerks, or any person for them, other than at offices on pe-

the said publick offices, shall directly or indirectly, upon any nalty of rool.;

pretence or under any colour whatever, take or receive any fee,

gratuity, reward, or recompence, for any act by him or them

done or to be done in the execution of his or their office or em-

ploy as justice orjustices of the peace, clerk or clerks as aforesaid, within the limits of the weekly bills of mortality, or within

the parishes of Saint Mary-le-bone, Paddington, Saint Pancras ,

Kensington, and Saint Luke at Chelsea, in the said county ofMid-

dlesex , upon pain of forfeiting the fum of one hundred pounds

for every such offence , to be recovered, one moiety thereof to

the receiver appointed in the manner herein-after mentioned,

to be applied to the purposes of this act, and the other moiety

thereof , with full costs of suit , to the person or persons who

shall fue for the fame in any of his Majesty's courts of record at

Westminster, by action of debt, plaint , or information, wherein

no essoign, privilege, wager of law , or more than one impar-

lance thall be allowed: provided always nevertheless, that nothing but shall not

in this act contained thall be construed to extend toany fees extendto fees

for licen ng

taken at any general or quarter sessions of the peace, or at any alehouses

mecting ofjustices for the purpose oflicensing alehouses, pursuant under 26Geo.

to anact, passed in the twenty-sixth year of his late majesty King 2. c 31. or

Georgethe Second , intituled, An actfor regulating the manner of licens . fees taken at

the publick

ing alehouses in that part of Great Britain called England, and for office in Bow-

the more easy convicting persons selling ale and other liquors without street, &c.

licence , or to any fees taken at a certain publick office within

the liberty of Westminster, known by the name of The Publick

Office in Bow- street, or to any fees taken by any vestry clerk, or

his assistant , as clerk to anyjustice orjustices of the peace acting

within the parish in which such justice orjustices reside, for the

purpose of enforcing the payment of any taxes or assesliments

arising within the fame parith, or for the purpose of hearing and

determining any offence cognizable before a justice orjustices

of the peace by virtue of any statute made and provided for the

special regulation or government of such parish.

V. And be it further enacted, That the justices so appointed Accounts of

to attend at the said seven publick offices as aforesaid , and they fees, &c.

taken at the clerks respectively, hall, in books to be provided for that purpose, seven offices

TT4

keepthallbedeli-

648 Anno regni quadragesimo fecundoGEORGIIIII. C. 76. [1802.

veredmonth- keep a full, true, andparticular account of all the fees taken andre-

ly to the re- ceived at each of the said offices, together with all penalties and

ceiver, and

the amount of forfeitures which shall have been recovered, levied, or received,

fees paidto

in pursuance of any adjudication, conviction, or order, had or

him ,&c.

made at any of the said seven publick offices, or any process or

warrant issuing from the same; to which said books and accounts

the receiver, to be appointed in manner herein-after mentioned ,

shall at all times have free access ; and the said justices shall

once in every month deliver unto such receiver, such account

verified upon oath by such justice or justices, their clerk or

clerks, and such other person or persons as shall be employed

in keeping such accounts respectively, or any part thereof, before

some justice of the peace for the said county of Middlesex or

county of Surrey , as the case may be ; which oath such justice

is hereby authorised and required to administer ; and shall pay

and cause to be paid the amount of all such fees unto such re-

ceiver, to be applied in manner herein-after mentioned, any law,

Allpenalties

statute , or custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.

( except to in-

VI. And be it further enacted, That all such penalties and

formers or

forfeitures, and shares ofpenalties and forfeitures, as are or thall

parties griev. be limited and made payable to his Majesty, his heirs and fuc-

ed) recovered cessors, or to any description of persons other than the informer

atthe publick or informers, who shall sue for the fame, or any party grieved,

offices shall

be paid to the

and which shall be recoverable in a summary way before a

receiver.

justice or justices of the peace, and which shall be reco-

vered or adjudged before anyjustice or justices of the peace at

either of the said seven publick offices, shall be accounted for

and paid into the hands of the receiver to be appointed in man-

ner herein-after mentioned by the justice, clerk , constable,

officer, or other person or persons, who shall levy or receive

the fame, to be applied by such receiver in manner herein- after

mentioned ; any law , statute , or custom , to the contrary not-

withstanding.

If fees , &c.

are not ac-

VII. And be it further enacted, That if the said justices ap-

counted for,

pointed as aforesaid, or any other person, having received any

the receiver

mayfue for

such fees at any of the said seven publick offices, shall neglect

the fame in

to account for and pay the same in manner aforesaid , or if any

any court of

justice, justice's clerk, constable, officer or other person, who

record at

shall levy or receive such penalties or forfeitures, or shares of

Westminster , penalties or forfeitures, shall neglect to pay the same into the

&c . hands of such receiver in manner aforesaid, or if any person,

having resigned such office of receiver, or having been removed

from the fame, shall neglect, within twenty-one days after no-

tice for that purpose, to account for and pay into the hands of

the succeeding receiver all such sums of money as shall remain

in his hands applicable to the purposes of this act , it shall be

lawful for such receiver for the time being , in his own proper

name only, or by his name and description of office , to fue

for and recover the fame, with double costs of suit, in any

of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, by action of

1802. ] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 76. 649

1

of debt or on the cafe , in which action it shall be fuffi-

cient for such receiver to declare as for money had and re-

ceived to the use of such receiver for the purposes of this

act ; and the defendant or defendants in such action may, at the

!

discretion of anyjudge of such court , be held to special bail in

such competent sum, as such judge shall order and direct ; and

inany such action against any such person so liable to account as

aforesaid, the said court in which such action thall be brought

may, if such court shall think proper, at the instance of either

of the parties, refer the account in dispute in a summary man-

ner to be audited by any officer of the said court , or other fit

person at their discretion, who may examine both plaintiff and

defendant upon oath (which oath the said person shall have

power to administer) ; and upon the report of such referee,

unless either of the parties shall shew good cause to the contrary ,

: such court may make such a rule or order either for the payment of such fum as upon such report shall appear to be due, or

for staying the proceedings in such cause , and upon such terms

and conditions as to the same court shall appear reasonable and

just ; or the said court may order judgement to be entered up

by confession for such fum as upon such report shall appear to

bedue.

VIII. Provided also , and be it further enacted , That in case Receiver may

of the death of any receiver continued or appointed by virtue of fue formoney

in the hands ,

this act , or of any person having resigned or being removed ofdeceased

from such office, or of any of the other persons whom the said receivers, &c.

receiver for the time being is authorised to sue as aforesaid, and recover

then and in such cafe the receiver for the time being mayin his from execu-

-

own proper name only , or by his name and description of tors, &c.

office , fue for and recover such sum ofmoney as shall have been

remaining in the hands of such deceased receiver or other person ,

applicable to the purposes of this act, or the executors or admi-

nistrators of such person deceased ; in which action it shall be

sufficient for the plaintiff in substance to state that the deceased

was indebted to the plaintiff for money had and received for

the purposes of this act , or, that the deceased died poffefsed of

money had and received for the purposes of this act , whereby an

action accrued to the plaintiff to demand and have the fame of

such executors or administrators , and the like action shall and

may be brought against any executors or administrators of

executors or administrators ; in all which actions the defendant

or defendants mayplead in like manner and avail themselves of

the like matters in their defence, as in any action founded upon

simple contracts of the original testator or intestate; and in all

actions to be brought by such receiver by virtue of this act,

proof of the plaintiff's acting in the execution of such office,

1

shall be sufficient evidence of his holding the same , unless the

contrary can be shewn in evidence by the defendant or defend-

ants in such action .

IX . And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be His Majesty

lawful for his Majesty , his heirs and successors, by and with in council

the mayorder

650 Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. c. 76. [1802.

salaries to the the advice of his or their privy council, to direct the salaries

justices,&c. herein-after mentioned to be paid to the justices so appointed to

attend each of the said seven publick offices, for their time

and trouble, and such further sums for the expences of the

said offices , and for the payment of clerks, peace officers, and

others therein employed , in such manner as to his Majesty , his

heirs and successors, by and with the advice of his or their

privy council, shallfeem meet : provided always, that the yearly

salary paid to each of the justices shall be five hundred pounds

clear of all taxes and deductions whatever : provided also, that

the whole charges attending the said offices (the said salaries

being included), thall not exceed the annual sum of eighteen

thousand pounds over and above the necessary disbursements for

hiring and repairing the houses or buildings wherein the said

seven publick offices shall be held.

Receiverto

be continued

inoffice , and by virtue of the act herein-before recited and repealed may be

X. And be it further enacted, That the receiver appointed

incateof

continued in his said office , it shall and may be lawful for his

death, &c.

Majesty , his heirs and fuccessors , by and with the advice of his

his Majesty

or their privy council, upon any vacancy in the said office of

may appoint another.

receiver by death or otherwise, to appoint any other proper person, not being one of the justices appointed to act at either of

the offices aforesaid, to be the receiver of the said seven publick

Dutyof re-

ceiver .

offices ; which said receiver, or the receiver now appointed under

and by virtue of the herein before recited act , shall keep an

exact and particular account of all such monies as shall be re-

ceived by him, by virtue of any provisions of this act, and thall

apply the fame quarterly in discharge of the salaries, expences,

and charges attending the said publick offices, and the carrying

this act into execution, and shall make all such contracts and

disbursements as shall be necessary for the hiring, fitting up,

and furnishing proper and sufficient houses or buildings, wherein

the said seven publick offices shall be held, in such manner as his

Majesty, his heirs and fuccessors, by and with the advice and

consent of his or their privy council, thall think proper to direct

and appoint ; of which said premises so to be hired, and the fix-

tures and furniture thereof , and of all other necessaries to be

purchased for the purposes of this act , the property or interest so

acquired therein shall be vested in the receiver for the time

being, who shall and may in like manner fell , assign, and dif-

pole of the some , or any part thereof , under the like directions

and appointment, as occasion shall require ; and such receiver

shall forthwith after his appointment prepare proper plans and

estimates of all such contracts and disbursements as shall be ne-

ceffary for the purposes aforesaid, and shall deliver the same to

his Majesty's principal secretary of state for the home depart-

ment; and such receiver shall further do and execute all such

other lawful matters and things towards the establishment of

the said seven publick offices, and towards the carrying this act

into execution, as his Majesty , his heirs and successors , by and

with theadvice of his or their privy council , thall from time to

time think proper to direct,

XI. And

1 1802.] Annoregni quadragesimofecundo GEORGII III. c. 76. 651

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That such Receiver to

receiver shall, every six months, and oftener if required, deliver render ac-

1

counts upon

to the lord high treasurer, or the lords commissioners of his oath to the

Majesty's treasury, for the time being, a full and particular ac- treasury.

1

countof all monies by him received and paid as aforesaid, with

vouchers for the fame, which account shall be verified upon

oath before anyjustice or baron of any of his Majesty's courts

of record at Westminster; and such receiver for his care and Allowance to

pains in the execution of such office, shall and may retain to

the receiver.

i

his own use, out of the monies so received byhim as aforesaid,

such sum not exceeding four hundred pounds in each year, as

his Majesty, his heirs and successors, by and with the advice of

his or their privy council, shall direct and appoint : provided

always, that if it shall appear that the monies herein- before Ifthe monies

directed to be applied by the said receiver, in discharge of the to be applied

!

salaries, expences, and charges attending the said seven publick offalaries indifcharge

offices, and the carrying this act into execution as aforesaid, shall thould be

not be sufficient to defray the fame, the deficiency shall be made insufficient ,

up and supplied out of the consolidated fund ; and if at the end deficiency shall be tup-

of any year there shall be any surplus in the hands of such re- plied out of

ceiver, he shall pay the amount of such surplus into the receipt the consoli-

of his Majesty's exchequer, and the same shall be carried to and dated fund .

made part of the said consolidated fund.

XII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it hall His Majesty

and may be lawful for his Majesty, his heirs and successors, by incouncil may alter the

and with the advice of his or their privy council, to make such situation of

alterations in the places where any of the said seven publick of the officers,

fices shall be situated, or to make such alterations in the hours &c.

of attendancetherein, and to make all such other regulations to

be observed in conducting the same, as he or they from time to Acts directed

time shall think proper. tobedoneby

XIII. And be it further enacted, Thatwhere by any law now the place

ajustice near

in being or hereafter to be made, any act is directed or autho- where an of-

rifed to be done by any justice or justices of the peace residing fence is com-

in, or near or next the parish or place where any offence or mittedmay

bedone bya

other matter cognizable before them shall be committed , or justice acting

shall arise, the same jurisdiction shall and may be exercised by a at the next

justice or justices acting in such of the said seven publick offices publick office.

asmaybe situated next or near such parish or place. Justices ap-

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted and declared, That pointed bythis

nojustices of the peace appointed as aforesaid, shall, during the act incapable ofneingelected

continuance in such appointment, be capable of being elected or members of

of fitting as members of the house of commons. parliament.

XV. And be it further enacted, That no justice, receiver, or No justice,

constable, nominated and appointed as aforesaid by virtue ofreceiver, or

this act, shall, during the time he or they shall continue in constable ,

under this at

their respective offices, or within six months after he or they shallgive his

shall have quitted the fame , be capable of giving his vote for vote for the

the election of a member to serve in parliament for the coun- election of a

member for

ties of Middlesex or Surrey , or for the city and liberty of West- Middlesex,

minster , or the borough of Southwark respectively , nor shall, by &c. onpenalty

word , of tool ,

652 Anno regni quadragesimo fecundoGEORGII III. c. 76. [1802.

word, message, writing, or in any other manner, endeavour to

persuade any elector to give, or to dissuade any elector from

giving his vote for his choice of any person to be a member to

serve in parliament for the said counties, or for the said city and

liberty of Westminster, or borough of Southwark ; and every such

justice, receiver, or constable as aforesaid, offending therein,

Thall forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds, one moiety thereof

to the informer, the other moiety thereof to the use of the poor

of the parish or place where such offence shall be committed,

to be recovered by any person that shall fue for the fame by action

ofdebt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts

of record at Westminster, in which no essoign, protection, privi-

lege , wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed; such action to be brought within the space of one year

Butnot to

after such offence so committed: provided nevertheless, that no-

extend to

thing in this act shall extend or be construed to extend tofub-

acts done at

ject any such justice, receiver, or constable as aforesaid, to any

elections in discharge of penalty or penalties for any act or acts done by him or them, at

duty . or concerning any of the said elections, in the discharge of his

or their duty or duties, in their said respective capacities.

Justicesmay

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the justices appointed

employa sufficient

as aforesaid shall in their respective offices retain and employ a

number of constables at

sufficient number of fit and able men, whom they are hereby

authorised and empowered to swear in, to act as constables for

their respec-

preserving the peace, and preventing robberies and other felo-

tive offices,

&c .;

nies, and apprehending offenders against the peace within the

said counties of Middlesex and Surrey respectively , as well by

night as by day; which said constables so appointed and sworn

as aforesaid, shall have all such powers and authorities, privi-

leges, and advantages, as any constable duly appointed now has

or hereafter may have, by virtue of any law or statute now

made or hereafter to be made, and shall obey all such lawful

commands as they shall from time to time receive from the said

justices for the apprehending offenders, or otherwise conduct-

ing themselves in the execution of their , said office or employ-

ment; and such justices, or any two of them, shall and may at

any time dismiss from his said employment every such constable

belonging to their respective offices whom they shall think re-

miss or negligent in the execution of his duty or otherwise unfit

for the fame, and appoint such others in their stead as to them

but not toex-

ceedeight at

each.

Power of

constable to

cease ondif-

mission.

shall seem meet: provided always, that no greater number than

eight shall at one and the same time be so retained as aforesaid

at any one of the said publick offices : provided also, that if any

person so appointed a constable as aforesaid shall be dismissed

from his said employment as aforesaid, all powers and authorities vested in him as a constable under and by virtue of this act

shall immediately cease and determine , to all intents and purposes whatever.

Receiver shall XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said receiver, out

paythe con- of the monies herein-before directed to be applied in discharge

ceeding168.stables not ex of the salaries, expences, and charges attending the said publick offices ,

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 76. 653

offices, shall and may pay to the constables so appointed as afore- per week, and

said , for their trouble and attendance as aforesaid, any fum notex- any extraor-

ceeding sixteen thillings per dinaryexpence

week, and any extraordinary expences incurred .

they shall appear to have been necessarily put to in apprehending

offenders and executing the orders of the justices acting under

and by virtue of this act; such extraordinary expences being

first examined and approved of by the justices attending the

office in which such constable shall have been respectively appointed . XVIII. And whereas divers ill - dispossed and suspected persons and

reputed thieves, frequent the avenues to places of publick resort, and

the streets and highways, with intent to commitfelony on the persons

andproperty of his Majesty'ssubjects there being; and although their

evil purposes aresufficiently manifest, the power of his Majesty's

justices of thepeace to demand of them sureties for their good beha-

viour , bath not been ofsufficient effect to prevent themfrom carrying

their evil purposes into execution; be it enacted, That, from and Constables,

after the passing of this act , it shall and may be lawful for any &c &c . mayap-

constable, headborough, patrole, or watchman, to apprehend prehend any suspicious

every such person, and convey him or them before anyjustice person, and

of the peace; and if it shall appear before the said justice, upon convey him

the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, that such before ajuf-

person or persons is or are a person or persons of evil fame and tice, and if it

shall appear

areputed thief orthieves , and such person or persons shall not upon oath

be able to give a satisfactory account of himself or themselves, that he is a

and of his or their way of living, and it shall also appear to the reputedthief ,

satisfaction of the said justice, that there is just ground to believe &c. he shall

be deemed a

that such person or persons was or were in such avenue, street, rogue, within

or highway as aforesaid , with such intent as aforesaid, every such 17Geo.3.c. 5 .

person shall be deemed a rogue and vagabond within the intent

and meaning of the statute made in the seventeenth year of his

late majesty King George the Second, intituled, An act to amend

andmake more effectual the laws relating to rogues, vagabonds, and

other idle and disorderly persons, and to houses of correction .

XIX. And be it further enacted, That every such conviction

shall be in the following form of words, as the cafe may happen,

or in any other form of words to the like effect.

BEit remembered, That on the

day of

Form of con-

in the year

A. B. was brought before viction .

me [as a person of evil fame, or reputed thief , as the cafe may

be], andwas not able to give a satisfactory account of himself or

of his way of living; and Ido , in pursuance of an act passed in

the forty-second year of his present Majesty, [here insert the title

of this att], adjudge him to be ( rogue and vagabond] . Given

under my hand and seal this day of

And that such conviction shall be good and effectual in law to

all intents and purposes, and shall not be quashed or set aside,

or adjudged void or insufficient for want of any form of words whatever,

654 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III . c. 76. [1802.

whatever, nor shall the fame be removed by certiorari into his

Majesty's court of' King's bench.

Persons think-

ing themselves XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if

any person shall think himself aggrieved by the judgement of

aggrieved may such justice as aforesaid, such person may appeal to the justices

appeal to

the quarter session .

of the peace at the next general or quarter sessions of the peace

to be held for the county or place whereinthe cause of complaint shall have arisen, such person at the time of his conviction, entering into a recognizance with two sufficient sureties ,

conditioned personally to appear at the said sessions to try such

Ifconviction appeal, and to abide the further judgement of the justices at

be affirmed , such sessions assembled; and in cafe such conviction shall be af-

the justices firmed at such sessions , the faidjustices may adjudge such person

may proceed to be a rogue and vagabond, and proceed against such person in

as might have the same manner as they might have done if such rogue and

been done if

the party had vagabondhad been committed to the house of correction until

been committed. such general or quarter sessions : provided always, that no per-

fon convicted under this act shall thereby become liable to any

Punishments other punishment than imprisonment to hard labour for a term

not to exceed

imprisonment not exceeding six months , taking into the computation any

to hard labour actual imprisonment such person shall have suffered by his com-

for fix

mitment until such session .

months .

XXI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing

Actnotto

deprive the

in this act contained thall extend, or be construed to extend , to

mayor, &c. deprive the mayor and commonalty and citizens of the city of

of London of London, of any rights, privileges, or jurisdictions, which they

jurisdiction in have heretofore lawfully claimed, exercised, or enjoyed, within

Southwark. the town and borough of Southwark and the liberties thereof ;

or to prevent the mayor of the city of London for the time

being, and such of the aldermen of the said city who have

borne the office of mayoralty, and the recorder of the said city

for the time being, from acting as justices of the peace within

the said town and borough of Southwark and the liberties there.

of , in such and the like manner as they could or might have

done in cafe this act had not been made.

Northe dean

XXII. Provided always , and be it enacted, That nothing in

orthehigh steward of

this act shall extend or be construed to extend to deprive the

Westminster

dean of the collegiate church of Saint Peter , Westminster, for

of theirpri. the time being, or the high steward of the city and liberty of

vileges . Westminster for the time being, or his lawful deputy, of any

rights, privileges, or jurisdictions, which they have heretofore

lawfully claimed, exercised, or enjoyed within the said city and

liberty, in such and the like manner as they could or might

have done in cafe this act had not been made.

39 and 40 XXIII, And whereas by an act , passed in the thirty -ninth and

Geo. 3. C. 87. fortieth years of bis Majesty's reign , intituled , An act for the more

effectual prevention of depredations on the river Thames, and in

its vicinity , and to amend an act, made in the second year of

the reign of his present Majesty, to prevent the committing of

thefts and frauds bypersons navigating bum boats and other boats

1802.) Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c . 73. 655

boats on the river Thames ; it is, amongst other things, provided,

that theyearly salary to be paid to each of the justices who shall be

appointed to attend the publick office established by that aft , shall be

fourhundredpounds, clear ofall taxes and deductions whatsoever ; be

it further enacted, That the yearly salary to be paid to each of Instead of

the said last mentioned justices shall , from and after the passing 400l.

toeach

of the Thames

of this act, be five hundred pounds clear of all taxes and de-police justices ,

ductions whatsoever : provided also , that the whole expences sool. thall be

attending the said last mentioned publick office , the last men - paid.

tioned salaries being included, shall not exceed the annual fum Expenceof

of eight thousand and three hundred pounds; any thing in the Thames

policeoffice

the above recited act of the thirty-ninth and fortieth years potto need

of his Majesty's reign to the contrary in anywise notwith- 8,300l .

standing . XXIV. And be it further enacted, That this act shall con- Continuance

tinue in force until the first day of June one thousand eight hun- ofact.

dred and seven, and from thence to the end of the then next

session of parliament, and no longer.

CAP. LXXVII.

An act to permit British - built ships to carry on the fisheries in the

Pacific Ocean, without licence from the East India company , or

the South Sea company.-[June 22, 1802.]

WHEREAS it may tendto increase the navigation andfisheries

of his Majesty's subjects if the restrictions nowfubfifting with

regard to ships and vessels navigating in the Pacific Ocean, between

- Cape Horn and one hundred and eighty degrees of west longitude

from London, should be removed; be it therefore enacted by the

King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and con-

sent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons , in this

present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, British-built

That , from and after the passing of this act , it shall and may ships maypafs

be lawful for any British-built ship or vessel, owned and navi- through the

streights of

gated according to law, to pass through the streights of Magellan Magellan, or

or round Cape Horn, and to carry on the fisheries in the Pacific round Cape

Ocean , from Cape Horn to one hundred and eighty degrees ofHorn, and

west longitude from London, and to trade within the fand limits, carry on the

fisheries in the

without having obtained any previous licence, permission, or Pacific Ocean,

authority for that purpose, from the court of directors of the &c. without

East India company , or from the governor and company of mer- licence from

chants of Great Britain trading to the South Seas ; any thing the East India

company oг

in any law, charter, usage, or custom to the contrary in anywise the South Sea

notwithstanding .

company.

CAP. LXXVIII.

An att to authorise the licensing an additional number ofbackney

coaches . [ June 22, 1802.]

WHERE to

HEREAS it is found expedient that a greater number of

by two several acts made in the

ninth

656 Annoregni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III.c.78. [ 1802.

ninth year of the reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and in the

eleventh year of the reign of his present Majesty respectively, should

be licensed to be employed within the cities of London and Westminster, and the suburbs thereof , and within all and every the

parishes and places comprized within the weekly bills ofmortality :

may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted;

and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and

with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal,

and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the

Commission.

Common authority of the same, That the commissioners for licensing and

an additional regulating hackneycoaches for the time being , or the major part

number of

of them , shall have power and authority, and are hereby autho-

hackney coaches, not

rised, empowered, and required under their hands and seals, or

under the hands and seals of the major part of them, over and

exceeding 100, above the number of one thousand hackney coaches authorised

for each of

which a

to be licensed by the said acts , to license in like manner at any

weekly sum

time or times from and after the passing of this act, and addi-

ofss. shall be

paid .

tional number of hackney coaches not exceeding one hundred ,

to be employed for hire within the cities and limits aforesaid, fo

that the number of all the said hackney coaches, licensed or to

be licensed by virtue of the said former acts and this present

act, shall not at any one time exceed one thousand and one

hundred, and that upon every one of the said licences tobe

granted in pursuance of this act, there shall be reserved and

made payable unto , his Majesty , his heirs and successors, the

like respective weekly sums of five thillings of lawful money of

Great Britain, as is now payable upon any licence granted be-

fore the palling of this act, to be paid from the commencement of every such licence during the continuance thereof respectively, in like manner and under like penalties, covenants,

conditions, and provisoes therein to be inserted, as in other

licences granted in pursuance of the several acts now in force

Persons

licensed to

relating to hackney coaches ; and that the same hackney coaches,

keep such ad-

and the persons to be licensed to drive or keep the fame, shall ,

ditional hack-

in respect thereof , have the fame rates and benefits and be fub-

ney coaches shall have the

ject and liable to all the fame orders, rules, regulations, bye

fame rates and

laws, pains, penalties, forfeitures, matters, and things, as are

benefits as

or were lawfully prescribed in relation to anypersons licensed to

persons heretofore

keep or drive hackney coaches, and the renters of such licences,

licensed.

and drivers of such coaches, before the passing of this present

act; and that all persons who shall presume to drive or let to

hire , by the hour or day or otherwise, any hackney coach or

coach horses, or to carry any person or persons for hire in any

hackney coach within the cities of London and Westminster, or

the suburbs of the fame, or within any of the parishes or places

comprized within the weekly bills of mortality, without such

leave or licence as aforesaid, shall be liable to all such forfeitures

and penalties as he, she, or they would have incurred for fo

Application of

doing if this act had not been made.

themoney

II. And it is hereby declared and enacted, That all the

arising byfuch monies to arise by rents of the said additional number ofhackney

licences . coaches

1

1

!

!

と

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 79. 657

coaches to be licensed in pursuance of this act, shall be subject

and applicable to the like uses and purposes and under the like

penalties as the rents upon hackney coaches are applicable and

appropriated by parliament.

III. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That , out ofTreasury may

the monies to arise by rents of hackney coaches, it shall and reward the

commissioners

may be lawful to and for any three or more of the commission- and officers

ers of the treasury , or the high treasurer for the time being , to employed by

reward the said commissioners for licensing and regulating hack - them for their

labour in car-

ney coaches, and the clerks, officers , and others that shall and rying this act

may be employed by and under them, for their labour and pains, into execu-

and to discharge such incident expences as shall necessarilyattend tion.

the execution of this act, in such manner as any three or more

of the said commissioners of the treasury , or the high treasurer

for the time being , shall from time to time think fit and reason-

able in that behalf ; any thing in this act, or any other law,

statute , or usage to the contrary notwithstanding .

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any action or suit Persons fued

shall be commenced against any person or persons for any thing mayplead the

done in pursuance of this act, the defendant or defendants ingeneral issue.

any such action or suit may plead the general issue, and give

this act and the special matter in evidence at any trial to be had

thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the

authority of this act, and if it shall appear so to have beendone ,

a verdica shall be recorded for the defendant or defendants ; and

if the plaintiff shall be nonsuited or discontinue his action after

the defendant or defendants shall have appeared, or if judge-

ment shall be given upon any verdict or demurrer against the

plaintiff , the defendant or defendants thall and may recover

double costs, and have the like remedy for the same as any de- Double costs.

fendant or defendants hath or have in other cases by law for

recovery of his or their costs.

CAP. LXXIX.

An act to revive and continue, until the fifth day of April one thousand

eight hundred and four, and to amend several acts, passed in the

twenty-seventh , thirty-fifth, and thirty-ninth years of his present Ma.

jesty's reign, for the more effectual encouragement of the British

fisheries ; and to continue, until the fourteenth day of June one thou-

fand eight hundred and three, and from thence to the end of the then

next session of parliament, so much of an act of the sixth year of the

reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the prohibiting the importa-

tionof foreign wrought filks and velvets.-[June 22, 1802. ]

Acts 26Geo. 3. C. 81. 27 Geo. 3. C. 10. 35Geo. 3. C. 56. and 39Geo. 3.

c. 100. revived and continued in force until April 5, 1804.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this

act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to repeal any of

the provisions of an act, passed in this seffion of parliament, relating,

among other things, to the discontinuing the bounty payable on white

herrings exported, except as is hereinafter specially provided in relation to

thepermitting theuse of falt in the preserving of fish .

III. Provided also, andbe it further cher enacted , That, from and after the

fifth day of April one thousand eight hundred and three, one half part of

VOL. XLIII. UU the

658 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c.80. [1802 .

the bounty of twenty shillings per ton, and also one half part of the

bounties grantedby the last mentioned acts for every barrel of herrings

landed from any buss or vessel , in respect whereof a bounty of twenty

shillings per ton is granted by the said acts, shall respectively cease and

determine , and be no longer payable or paid.

So much of 6Geo. 3. c. 28. as relates to the prohibiting the impor-

tation of foreign wrought filks and velvets, shall be further continued

until June 14, 1803 .

CAP. LXXX.

An act for repealing several acts, made in the thirty- fifth, thirty-

sixth , and thirty -ninth and fortiethyears of the reign ofbis present

Majesty, relating to the admission of certain articles ofmerchandize

in neutral ships, and to the issuing of orders in council for that

purpose , and for making other provisions in lieu thereof , to continue until the first of January one thousand eight hundred and

four.-[June 22, 1802.]

WHEREAS the commerce

of this kingdom was greatly bene-

fitedduring the late war in consequence of the importation of

goods under certain orders of his Majesty in council , and certain altis

35Geo. 3 .

c. 15. and

c. 80.

36Geo. 3.

c. 76.

of parliament passed in the thirty-fifth year of his Majesty's reign

for rendering those orders effectual, and for making further provision

thereinfor a limited time ; and another act passed in the thirty- sixth

year of his Majesty's reign, to indemnify persons acting in consequence

of certain other orders in council issue for the like purpose , and to

authorise the issuing orders in councilfor the like purposefor a limited

time; which acts have beenfincefurther continued by an act passed in

39 and 40

Geo. 3.

the thirty- ninth and fortieth years of his Majesty's reign, until the

first day of January one thousand eight hundred and four : and

whereas it is expedient, in consequence of the restoration ofpeace , that

the said acts should cease and determine, and that other provisions

hould be made in lieu thereof ; be it therefore enacted by the

King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and con-

From Sept. 1 ,

fent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this

1802, the re-

present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same,

cited acts

That , from and after the first day of September one thousand

shallceafe , and eight hundred and two, the said acts shall cease anddetermine;

thence until

Jan. 1, 1804, and that from and after the said first day of September one thou-

under any or- fand eight hundred and two, and until the first day of January

derincouncil , one thousand eight hundred and four, it shall and may be law-

goods maybe ful, under any order of council with respect to importations in

imported in

ships of any country of

Great Britain, and under any order of the lord lieutenant and

council with respect to any importations in Ireland , to import

notless than

in any ship or vessel belonging to persons of any country in

100 tons, or amity with his Majesty, not being of less than one hundred

in British ships navigated ac- tons burthen, and navigated in any manner whatsoever, or in

cording to any British-built ship or vessel owned , registered, and navigated

law , from any according to law, from any territory, possession, or country, not

part ofAme- under the dominion of his Majesty , on the continent ofAmerica ,

rica orthe

West Indies or in the West Indies, any goods or commodities whatsoever, the

notunder the produce of any part of such territories, possessions , or countries,

dominion of

his Majesty.

into any of the ports of the united kingdom of Great Britain and

1

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. c. 80. 659

and Ireland , any statute, law, custom, or usage to the contrary

in anywise notwithstanding; and the same shall and may beRegulations

landed in the presence of the proper officers of the customs, for landing

and ware-

and secured in warehouses under thejoint locks of his Majesty housing such

and of the proprietors thereof , at the risk and expence of thegoods.

said proprietors, such warehouses to be approved of by the commissioners of his Majesty's customs, or any four or more of

them, in that part of Great Britain called England, the commissioners of his Majesty's customs, or any three or more of

them in Ireland , and the commissioners of his Majesty's cuf-

toms in that part of Great Britain called Scotland , or any three

ormore of them respectively, or by the principal officers of the

port where such goods shall be imported; and the said commif-

sioners respectively shall and they are hereby authorised and

required to make such regulations, and to give such directions as

they may deem necessary for securing the said goods and commodities for the benefit of the proprietors thereof; and the said

goods and commodities shall not be removed from thence but

for the purpose of being re- exported, on due entry being made,

to foreign parts, and for no other purpose whatsoever.

II. And whereas it has been found reasonable to admit, by divers

orders in council, several British ships and vessels, with their cargoes,

to an entry , and to have the fame advantages and privileges of im-

portation as are granted by the said alt , passed in the thirty- sixth British ships

year of his Majesty's reign, in the case ofships and vessels belonging and theircar.

to persons of any country in amity with his Majesty : and whereas it goesexempted

from

is expedient that all suchships and vessels, with their cargoes, should ture on

be exempted from forfeiture on account of such importation, and allaccount of im

persons who have acted or shall att in pursuance of such orders, should portation

under orders

be indemnified : and whereas it will be for the benefit of the commerce of council

of his kingdom to continue to allow, by order in council , British extending to

ships and vessels to be entered , and to have the like advantages and them the

privileges of importation; be it further enacted, That all such privileges

ships and vessels with their cargoes, shall be exempted from for- which were

grantedby

feiture

on account of such importation, and all persons who36Geo. 3 .

have been concerned in advising or issuing such orders, or who c. 76 .

shall have acted or shall act in pursuance of or according to to foreign

such orders in council shall be indemnified in the same manner vessels;

and persons

as if such ships and vessels had been entitled to take the benefit issuing or

of the orders of council referred to in the said last mentioned acting under

act; and it shall and may be lawful until the first day of Sep-

such orders

tember one thousand eight hundred and two, to admit, by order shall be in-

demnified.

in council, British ships owned, registered, and navigated ac- British ships

cording to law, with their cargoes, to an entry, and the car - shall be

goes shall be entered and warehoused in the same manner as is admitted to

permitted by the said last mentioned act with respect to ships or entry, and

vessels belonging to persons of any country in amity with his their cargoes

entered and Majesty; and all such British hips and vessels, and the goods warehoused in

and commodities imported therein, shall be subject to the same manner per-

rules and regulations, penalties and forfeitures, and shall be en - mittedbythe

titled to the fame privileges and advantages as are provided in recited act.

UU2 the

660 Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. C. 81. [ 1802.

the said last mentioned act respecting ships and vessels belonging to persons of any country in amity with his Majesty, and

goods and commodities imported in the same , in order to be

warehoused.

Not to extend

III . Provided always , That nothing in this act contained

to tobacco,

snuff , orrice.

shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to permit or

allow the importation or warehousing of any tobacco , fruff, or

rice, in any other manner than is permitted and allowed accord-

ing to the laws in force on and immediately before the passing

of this act; but that such tobacco, snuff , and rice respectively

shall be subject and liable to all, each, and every of the rules,

regulations , restrictions, penalties, and forfeitures, to which the

same were subject and liable by law on and immediately before

the passing of this act.

7 Geo. 3.

C. 50.

-

CAP. LXXXI.

An actfor amending so much of an act , passed in the seventh year

of the reign of his present Majesty, as relates to thefecreting, em-

bezzling, or destroying any letter or packet sent by the post ; and

for the better protection of such letters and packets; and for more

effectually preventing letters and packets beingsent otherwise than

by the post.-[June 22, 1802.]

WHER HEREAS by an alt made in the seventh year of the reign

present Majesty, intituled , An act for amending certain laws relating to the revenue of the post office, and for

granting rates of postage for the conveyance of letters and

packets between Great Britain and the Isle ofMan, and within

that ifsland, it was, among other things, enacted , that if any de-

puty , clerk , agent, letter carrier , post- boy or rider , or any other

officer or person whatsoever, employed, or to be thereafter employed ,

in receiving, stamping , forting, charging, carrying , conveying, or

delivering letters or packets, or in any other business relating to the

post office , should , from and after the first day of November one

thousand seven hundred andfixty - seven, secrete, embezzle, or destroy

any letter or letters, packet or packets, bag or mail of letters, which

be , she, or they should and might be respectively intrusted with, or

which should have come to his, her, or their hand or possession, containing any bank note, bank post bill, bill of exchange, exchequer bill ,

fouthfea or East India bond , dividend warrant of the bank, South

fea, East India , or any other company, society , or corporation, navy

or victualling, or transport bill , ordnance debenture, Seaman's ticket ,

flate lottery ticket or certificate, bank receiptfor payment on any loan,

note of assignment ofstock in the funds, letter of attorney for receiving annuities or dividends, or for felling stock in the funds, or

belonging to any company, society, or corporation, American provin-

cial bill ofcredit, goldsmith's or banker's letter of credit, or notefor

or relating to the payment of money, or other bond or warrant,

draught, bill , or promiffory note whatsoeverfor the payment ofmoney,

or shouldfteal and take out of any letter or packet that should come to

his, her, or their hands or possession any such bank note, bankpost bill ,

م

1802.] Annoregni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C.81. 661

bill , bill of exchange , exchequer bill , south fea, or East India bond ,

dividend warrant of the bank , Southfea, East India, or any other

company , society , or corporation , navy or victualling , or transport bill ,

ordnance debenture , seaman's ticket, flate lottery ticket or certificate ,

bank receiptfor payment on any loan , note of assignment of stock in

the funds, letter of attorney for receiving annuities or dividends, or

forfelling stock in the funds, or belonging to any company, Society,

or corporation , American provincial bill of credit , goldsmith's or

banker's letter of credit , or note for or relating to the payment of

money, or other bond or warrant, draught, bill , or promissory nate

whatsoever , for the payment ofmoney, every such offender or offenders

being thereof convicted in dueform of law, should be deemed guilty

offelony, andshouldfuffer death as afelon without benefit of clergy :

and whereas it is expedient to extend the provisions of the said in part

recited act , so as to protect the conveyance by the post ofall and every

part or parts of any suchsecurities or instruments as aforesaid : may

it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted ; andbe

it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with

the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and

commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same , That if any deputy, clerk, agent, letter Persons em-

carrier, post-boy or rider, or any other officer or person what- ployed in any

business re-

foever, employed , or to be hereafter employed, in receiving, lating to the

stamping , sorting, charging, carrying, conveying, or delivering post office,

letters or packets, or inany other business relating to the post secreting, &c.

letters or

office, shall, from and after the passing of this act, secrete, em- packets con-

bezzle, or destroy any letter or letters, packet or packets, bag taining any

or mail of letters, which he, she, or they shall and may be re- security or

spectively intrusted with, or which shall have come to his, her, instrument

mentioned in

or their hands or possession, containing any part or parts of any the recited

such security or instrument as in the said recited act are de- act, shall be

scribed or mentioned, or shall steal or take out of any letter or deemed guilty

packet that shall come to his, her, or their hands or possetsion , of felony .

any part or parts of any such security or instrument , every such

offender or offenders, being thereof convicted in due form of

law, shall be deemed guilty of felony, and shall suffer death as a

felon without benefit ofclergy.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Persons pro-

passing of this act, if any person whatsoever, whether employed curing, &c .

officers of the

in any business relating to the post office or not, shall counsel, post office to

command, hire, persuade, procure, aid, or abet, any such de- commit any

puty, clerk, agent, letter carrier, post-boy or rider, or any other such offence ,

or fraudu-

officer or person whatsoever, employed, or to be hereafter em- lentlyreceiv-

ployed , in receiving, stamping, sorting , charging, carrying, con- ing such

veying , or delivering letters or packets, or in any other business securities or

relating to the post office , to commit any felony or offence in instruments,

&c. shall bethe said in part recited act or in this act before mentioned, or deemed guilty

shall with a fraudulent intention buy or receive the whole or any ot felony.

part or parts of any such security or instrument as aforesaid,

which at the time of buying or receiving thereof he shall know

to have been contained in any such letter or letters, packet or packets,

UU3

1

662 Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III.c.81 . [1802 .

packets, so by any deputy , clerk, agent, letter carrier, post- boy

orrider , or any other officer or person whatsoever, employed,

or to be hereafter employed, in receiving, stamping, sorting,

charging, carrying, conveying, or delivering letters or packets,

or in any other business relating to the post office, secreted

or embezzled, or stolen or taken out of any letter or letters,

packet orpackets, that shall come to his, her, or their hands or

possession, or which he , she, or they, at the time of buying or

receiving thereof , shall know to have been contained in , and

stolen or unlawfully taken out of any letter or letters, packet

or packets, stolen and taken by any person or persons whatsoever

from or out of any mail or mails, bag or bags of letters , sent

and conveyed by the post, or from or out of any post office, or

house or place for the receipt or delivery of letters or packets

sent or to be sent by the post , each and every person so offend-

ing in any of the ways last before mentioned, being thereof

convicted , thall be deemed guilty of felony, and shall suffer

death as a felon without benefit of clergy , and shall and may

be tried, convicted , and attainted of such felony, as well before

as after the trial or conviction of the principal felon, and whe-

ther the said principal felon shall have been apprehended, or shall

be amenable to justice or not.

III. And whereas by the said in part recited act , made in the

Seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty it was, among other

things, enacted , that, from and after the said first day of November

one thousand seven hundred and sixty- seven, ifany person orpersons

whatsoevershould rob any mail or mails in which letters arefent or conveyed by the post , of any letter or letters, packet or packets, bag or

mail of letters, or should teal and takefrom or out of any such mail

or mails, or from or out of any bag or bags oflettersfent or conveyed

bythepost, any letter or letters , packet or packets, althoughfuch rob-

bery , stealing , or takingshould not appear or be proved to be a taking

from the person, or upon the King's highway, or to be a robbery committed in any dwelling house, or any coach-house ,stable , barn, or any

outhouse belonging to a dwelling house, and although it should not

appear that any person or persons were put in fear bysuch robbery,

Stealing , or taking, yet such offender or offenders , being thereof convicted as aforesaid , should nevertheless respectively be deemed guilty of

felony , and should suffer death as a felon without benefit of clergy :

The offence

and whereas, by reason of the difficulty and frequent impoffibility of

ofrobbing the

discovering and proving the particular county, stewartry, or place

mailmaybe

within which the said last mentioned offences have been committed ,

laidandpro-

divers persons have escaped the pains and punishments by the said in

fecuted , if

part recited act intended to be inflicted an such offenders, and it is

committed in

England ,

reasonable to make further provisions for the trial and due punishment

either in the of such offenders ; be it therefore further enacted, That all and

countywhere every the said last mentioned felonies and offences, which shall

committed , or be committed from and after the passing of this act, shall and

where the

offender is

may be alledged and laid , prosecuted, enquired of , tried, and

apprehended , determined, if committed in that part of Great Britain called

and ifcom-

mittedin England either in the county wherein such felony or offence thall be

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. C. 81. 663

be committed , or wherein such offender or offenders shall be Scotland ,

apprehended , and if committed in that part of Great Britain either in the

called Scotland either in the justiciary court of Edinburgh, injusticiary

or court ofEdin-

the court of the circuit of that part of the united kingdom burgh or in

within which circuit such felony or offence shall be committed, the circuit

or such offender or offenders shall be apprehended . court ,&c.

IV. And whereas itfrequently happens that bags or mails ofletters

Sent and conveyed by the post which may have been stolen or acciden-

tally loft and afterwardsfound or picked up are wilfully detained by

the personsfinding the fame in the expectation of gain or reward , to

the great inconvenience of divers of his Majesty's subjects, and the

prejudice ofcommerce ; to remedy therefore the said evil , be it further

enacted, That, from and after the passing of this act, if any Persons

person or persons shall wilfully secrete, keep , or detain, or being secreting or tode-

required to deliver up by any deputy, clerk, agent, letter carrier, refusing liverup bags

post - boy, rider, driver, or guard of any mail coach, or any other or mails of

officer or person whatsoever employed or to be employed in any letters, &c.

business relating to the post-office, shall refuse or wilfullyneglect fent bythe

post or putup

to deliver up any mail or bag of letters sent or conveyed, or for that pur-

made up in order to be sent or conveyed by the post, or any pose, which

letter or letters, packet or packets fent or conveyed by the post, shall be found

orput for that purpose into any post- office , or house or place or proke

orpickedup,

for the receipt ordelivery of letters or packets fent or to be fent deemedguilty

by the post, and which letter or letters, packet or packets, bag of a milde-

or mail of letters shall have been found or picked up by the fame meanor.

or any other person or persons, or shall by or through accident

or mistake have been left with or at the house of the same or

any other person or persons, each and every person or persons

so offending shall be deemed and taken to be guilty of a mifde-

meanor to be punished by fine and imprisonment.

V. And whereas, notwithstanding the provisions made in an act ,

passed in the ninth year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne,

intituled , An act for establishing ageneral post office for all her 9 Annae,

Majesty's dominions, and for fettling a weekly fum out of the C. 23.

revenues thereof for the service of the war, and other her Majesty's occasions, the practice of fending and conveying by stage

coaches, carts , waggons, ships, vessels, boats, barges, and other conveyances , letters and packets , which, by virtue of the laws relating

to the post- office, ought to be sent by the post , prevails to a consider-

able extent, to the great prejudice and diminution of his Majesty's

revenue; be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the passing Persons send-

of this act, no person or persons whatsoever shall send or cause ing letters or

tobe fent or conveyed, or tender or deliver in order to be fent packets other-

wife thanby

or conveyed, otherwise than by the post, or by and with the post, shall for-

authority and consent of the postmaster general, for the time feit sl .

being, or his deputy or deputies, or to the nearest or most convenient post town, to be from thence forwarded by the post,

any letter or letters, packet or packets of letters, on pain of

forfeiting , for every such offence against the tenor of this present act, the sum of five pounds, to be recovered with full costs

of suit by any person who shall and will inform and fue for the fame

UU4

664 Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. c. 82. [1802 .

same by action of debt, bill, plaint , or information in any of his

Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, wherein no essoign,

protection, privilege, or wager of law shall be admitted, one

moiety thereof to the use of his Majesty , his heirs, and successors,

and the other moiety to the use of the person who shall so inform

and fue for the same.

But not to ex- VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this

tend toletters act shall not extend to subject any person to any such penalty or

herein described .

forfeiture as aforesaid, for sending or forcausing tobe sent or conveyed, or for tendering or delivering in order to be sent or conveyed ,

any letter or letters which shall respectively concern goods fent

by any common known carrier of goods, and shall be sent with

and for the purpose of being delivered with the goods that such

letter or letters do concern, without hire or reward, profit or advantage for the receiving or delivering the same, nor any letter

or letters of merchants, owners of any ships, barks, or vessels of

merchandize, or any the cargo or lading therein sent on board

such ships, barks, or vessels of merchandize, whereof such merchants or masters are owners as aforesaid, to be delivered by the

masters of such ships, barks, or vessels of merchandize, or by any

other person employed by them for the carriage of such letters

according to their respective directions, without paying or receiv-

ing any hire or reward, advantage or profit for the fame in any-

wife, nor any commission or return thereof , affidavits, writs,

process, or proceedings, or return thereof , issuing out of any

court, nor any letter or letters to be sent by any private friend or

friends in their wayofjourney or travel , or by any messenger

sent on purpose for or concerning the private affair of any person

orpersons.

24Geo. 3. c.

47 .

CAP. LXXXII.

An act to alter , amend , and render more effectual an act , made in the

twenty- fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for the more

effectual prevention of smuggling in Great Britain. [June 22,

1802. ]

WHEREAS by an alt passed in the twenty- fourth year of the

bispresent Majesty , intituled , An act for the more

effectual prevention of smuggling in this kingdom, and byfeveral

other acts made since the passing of the said recited act , certainships,

vessels, and boats in the saidact respectively particularly described, are,

if found at anchor, or hovering within the limits of any of theports of

Great Britain, or within four leagues of the coast thereof , or discovered

to have been within the said limits or distances under certain circum-

stances, subject and liable to forfeiture, together with all the goods laden

on board any such ship, vessfel , or boat, and the guns, furniture ,

ammunition, tackle , and apparel thereof: and whereas it is expedient

for the more effectual prevention of the practice ofsmuggling , and the

protection of the publick revenue and thefair trader , that the provisions

of the laws now inforce relating tofuchships, vessels, and boats , and

to

1802.) Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. c. 82. 665

to the prevention of the clandestine importation and running ofprobi-

bitedgoods, andgoods liable to duties, should be extended; be it there-

fore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with

the advice and consent of the Lord's spiritual and temporal, and

commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the fame, That, from and after the passing of this act , Vessels de-

every ship, vessel, and boat described in the said recited act, or any scribed in the

other act or acts passed for the extending the provisions thereof , recited act,

or any other

or for the better prevention of smuggling, and which would , un- act for the

der and by virtue of any of the provisions of the said recited act, prevention of

or any other such act or acts as aforesaid in force on and immedi- smuggling,

ately before the passing of this act, be subject and liable to ing within

found hover-

forfeiture for hovering, orbeing found or discovered to have been eight leagues

within four leagues of the coast of Great Britain, shall, together of the coast of

with all goods laden on board , and the guns, furniture, ammu- Great Britain ,

nition, tackle, and apparel, be subject and liable to forfeiture if shall be for-

feited, with

hovering, or foundor discovered to have been within eight leagues the cargo, &c.

of the coast of Great Britain, under any of the circumstances in

the said recited act, or any other such act or acts as aforesaid,

specified , described, or mentioned; and the said recited act, and

all other acts in force on and immediately before the passing of

this act, and all clauses, provisions, powers, authorities, forfeitures,

penalties, restrictions , exemptions, exceptions , matters, and things

therein contained, relating to ships, vessels , or boats hovering, or

found or discovered to have been within four leagues of the coast

of Great Britain, and also relating to any goods laden or being

on board any such ships, vessels, or boats, and the guns, furniture,

ammunition, tackle, and apparel thereof , shall be, and the fame is

and are hereby extended, and hereby directed and declared seve-

rally and respectively to extend, and shall from and after the

passing of this act, be deemed and construed to extend, and shall

apply and be in full force, and applied and put in execution, as to

all ships, vessels, and boats described in any such at or acts as

aforesaid, which shall, under any of the circumstances specified,

described , or mentioned in any such act or acts as aforesaid, be

hovering, or found or discovered to have been within eight leagues

of the coast of Great Britain, and also to all goods laden onboard

any such ships, vessels, or boats, and the guns, furniture, ammu-

nition, tackle, or apparel thereof , in as full and ample a manner

to all intents and purposes as if the said act and acts, and all the

clauses, provisions, powers, authorities, forfeitures, penalties, re.

strictions, exemptions, exceptions, matters, and things relating

thereto, were particularly and expressly repeated and re-enacted

in the body of this present act , as to such distance of eight leagues

as aforesaid.

II. And be it further enacted, That , from and after the passing Pains andpe-

of his act, all pains, as well pains ofdeath as other pains, and all nalties and all

clauses con-

forfeitures, fines, and penalties, and all provisions, powers, autho -tainedin the

rities, rules , regulations, restrictions, exemptions, and exceptions recited act ,

contained in the said recited act, or any other act or acts of parli- &c.relating to

ament, in force on and immediately before the passing of this act, vessels describ-

andedtherein,

666 Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. C. 82. [1802.

foundhover- and every clause , matter , and thing therein contained , relating to

ing within four leagues anythips, vessels, or boats, described in the said recited act, or any

of the coast, other act or acts now in force for the prevention of smuggling,

shall extendto hovering , or found or discovered to have been within four leagues

such vessels

of the coast of Great Britain , or to any goods laden on board any

hoveringwith- such ship, vessel, or boat, or any guns, furniture, ammunition,

ineight leagues, and to tackle or apparel thereof , orto any master or other person having

their cargoes, or taking the charge or command, or any other person on board

& c .

of any such ship, vessel, or boat , shall extend, and be deemed,

construed, and taken to extend, and shall applyandbe infull force,

and put in execution in all cases, and for all purposes, as to all

such ships, vessels, or boats as aforesaid , hovering or found or dif-

covered to have been within eight leagues of the coast of Great

Britain ; and as to all goods laden on board any such ship, vessel,

orboat , and as to every master or other person having or taking

the charge or command, or other person on board of any such

ship or vessel as aforesaid, in as full and ample a manner, to all

intents and purposes, as ifthe said act and acts, and all pains, as

well pains of death as other pains, and all forfeitures, fines, and

penalties, provisions, powers, authorities, rules, regulations, re-

strictions, exemptions, exceptions, clauses, matters and things

relating thereto, and contained and enacted therein, were parti-

cularly and expressly repeated and re-enacted in the body of this

present act, as to such distance ofeight leagues as aforesaid; any

thing in any act or acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

Actnot to al-

ter such dif-

III . Provided always, andbe it further enacted , That nothing

tanceof four

in this act contained shall extend , or be deemed or construed to

leagues as to

extend, to alter such distance of four leagues as aforesaid as to that

the coastbe-

partof the coast Great Britain which is between the North Foreland

tween the

North Fore-

on the coast of Kent and Beachy Head on the coast of Sussex :

land and

provided nevertheless, that such distance of eight leagues, in this

BeachyHead , act mentioned, may and shall be measured in anydirection be-

&c .

tween the fouthward and eastward ofBeachy Head ; and that this

act, and all the provisions thereof shall extend , and be deemed

and construed to extend , to such limits and distance of eight

leagues in every direction from BeachyHead , although any part of

such limits fo extended may exceed the distance of four leagues

before mentioned, from any part of the coast of Great Britain to

Though on the eastward of Beachy Head aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if on any trial relating

anytrialre- to the seizure or forfeiture of any such ship, vessel, or boat, or

lating to fei-

zures it shall tackle , apparel, guns, furniture or ammunition thereof , or any

appeardoubt- goods laden on board the same respectively , hovering, or being

ful whether

found , or discovered to have been within any limits or distances

the vessel was

within the

mentioned in the said recited act or this act, or any other act or acts

limits above

made for the prevention of smuggling, or seized as or proceeded

ment oned,

against in due course oflaw for hovering, or fo found or discovered

yet the jury

as aforesaid, it shall appear to the jury impannelled on such pro-

shallfinda

verdict for

ceeding as aforesaid, that , from the evidence given on such trial,

the crown, if

it is doubtful whether such ship , vessel , or boat, was within such

theyare fatif limits or distances as aforesaid, but it shall nevertheless at the fame

ر

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III . c. 82. 667 .

same time be made appear to the satisfaction of such jury , and fied that the

such jury shall be fully satisfied , that such ship, vessel, or boat, vesselhadpro-

hibitedgoods

had on board prohibited goods or goods liable to the payment ofonboard, &c.

duties, and was then bound for or hovering on the coast of

Great Britain, for the purpose of the clandestine importation or

illegal running of the same , it shall be lawful for such jury to find

a verdict for the crown, as to any such ship , vessel, or boat, and

any goods laden on board, and the guns, furniture, ammunition,

tackle, and apparel thereof , in like manner as if it had been fully

proved that such ship, vessel or boat, was hovering or found , or

had beendiscovered to have been within any such limits or dif-

tances as aforesaid.

V. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall be Act not to

construed to extend to alter any such limits or distances, or to alter such li-

any cafes in which there shall not be doubt as to whether such mits, &c.

ship , vessel, or boat , in respect whereof any such question shall

arise, was hovering, or found or discovered to be within such

limits or distances respectively as aforesaid.

VI. And whereas the illicit importation and fraudulent landing of

goods are greatly facilitated , and great hazard and danger occasiomed

to the lives andproperties of persons navigating vessels on the coasts of

Great Britain, by the temporary and occasioned lights, fires, and blazes

made by persons on or from the coast and shores of Great Britain, as

privatesignals tosmuggling vessels ; be it therefore enacted, That, Persons mak-

from and after the passing of this act, if any person shall, after ing lights, or

sun-set and before fun-rife between the twenty-first day of Sep- fires, &c. on

thecoaft of

tember and the first day of April , or after the hour ofeight in the Great Britain

evening and before the hour of fix in the morning , between the at certain

last day of March and the twenty- second day of September, make, times, for the

or aid or assist in the making, or be present for the purpose of purpose of

aiding and assisting in making any light, fire, or blaze, or any fig- givingfignals smuggling

nal by smoke, or by rockets, fire works, flags, firing ofguns, or vessels , shall

other fire arms, or any other contrivance or device on or from forfeit tool.

any part of the coast or shores of Great Britain, for the purpose

ofmaking or giving any signal to any person or persons on board

any smuggling ship, vessel, orboat , or any ship, vessel, or boat,

hovering or found, or discovered to have been within any limits

or distances mentioned in this act, or any former act or acts

passed for the prevention of smuggling, such person shall, for each

and every offence, forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred

pounds.

VII. And be it further enacted, That every such penalty ofInwhatman-

one hundred pounds by this act imposed, maybe sued for and ner such pe-

prosecuted at any time within twelve months after the offence

nalties shall be

recovered and

thall have been committed, and may be recovered either by in- applied.

formation or otherwise, in his Majesty's court of exchequer at

Westminster, and levied as any fine , penalty , or forfeiture may be

fued for, recovered or levied under any act or acts made for the

securing the revenue of customs, or by information or indict-

ment before the justices at the quarter sessions of the peace nearest

to the place where such offence or offences as aforesaid, thall or

may

668 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 82. [1802.

may be committed; and three fourth parts of every such penalty

shall be to his Majesty , his heirs and successors, and the remain-

Commission- ingfourth part to the person who shall inform, discover, or fue

ers of customs

for the fame .

orexcifemay

order the

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for

charges of prosecution beforeany quarter fef-

the commissioners of customs and excise respectively, and they

are hereby empowered to order the charges of any prosecution

before any justices at quarter sessions for any such offence as

fions to be aforesaid , to be paid out of any money in the hands of the

paidoutof the receiver general of the customs and excise respectively, arising by

revenue; and any branch of the revenue under their respective management;

when the

offender shall and in every case where the said court of exchequer, or any such

be committedjustices as aforesaid, shall in lieu of levying or causing to be levied

to the houseof any such penalty, commit any such offender to a house ofcorrec-

correction, tion, it shall be lawful for the said commissioners respectively , to

they shall or-

der a fum not order and direct any sum not exceeding twenty-five pounds to be

exceeding 251. paid out of any like monies as aforesaid to any person or persons

tobepaid the who shall have informed against, discovered, or prosecuted any

informer. such offender as aforesaid .

Penalties how IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be

toberecover- lawful for such justices by their order or warrant, to levy every

ed .

penalty and forfeiture incurred by any offender or offenders against

this act, by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of such

offender or offenders, rendering the overplus (if any) to the

owner or owners of such goods and chattels, after deducting the

reasonable charges of such distress and sale ; and in cafe such

offender or offenders have not, nor hath goods or chattels

sufficient to answer the penalty or penalties against him, her, or

them, recovered , then without any warrant for the purpose, or if

such penalty or penalties cannot be wholly levied by virtue of the

warrant or warrants which shall be for that purpose issued , such

justices shall and lawfully may commit every such offender or

offenders to the common gaol or house of correction of the county

orplace in or for which such justices shall then act, there to re-

main without bail or mainprize, for any time not exceeding

twelve calendar months, unless the whole of such penalty or pe-

nalties shall be sooner paid.

Officer ofcuf- X. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing

toms orexcife of this act, it shall be lawful for any officer or officers of the

mayextin- guish lights, customs or excise, and for all other persons acting in their aid

&c. made for and assistance, to put out, extinguish, and destroy any such light,

signals, and fire, or blaze, or any smoke, signal, rocket, firework, or other

fonsmaking Conveyper contrivance or device fo made as aforesaid for any such purpose

the fame be- as aforesaid, and forthat purpose to go on any lands without being

fore ajustice, deemed to be, or being liable to any action or prosecution

whoshallpro- for any trespass ; and also to arrest, stop, and detain all and every

ceed against person and persons who shall be found making, or aiding, or

them as

rogues and assisting in making any such light , fire, blaze, smoke, signal,

vagabonds, rocket, firework, or other contrivance or device ; and such officer

Sec . or officers, and all persons acting in their aid and assistance, shall

forthwith carry and convey any person or persons so arrested as aforesaid ,

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III . C. 82. 669

aforesaid , before one or more of his Majesty's justice or justices

of the peace residing near to the place where such offence shall

be committed, and such justice or justices shall proceed against

such person as a rogue and vagabond, in mariner herein- after

mentioned, or if he or they see cause, require any such person to

give bail in the sum of two hundred pounds for his appearance

/ to answer any prosecution for such offence, or in default of giv-

ingsuchbail , commit such person or persons to the next county

gaol, there to remain until the succeeding term, or next general

quarter seffions of the peace to be holden for the same county or

place as the case may be; and every person who shall assault ,

refift , oppose , molest, obstruct, or hinder any officer or officers of

customs or excise in any such duty as aforesaid, shall be liable to

such and the like prosecution for the fame, as any person is by

any law or laws of customs or excise now liable to, for assaulting,

refifting, opposing, molesting, obstructing, or hindering any offi-

cer of customs or excise in the due execution of their duty.

XI. And be it further enacted, That every person who shall be Persons fo

foundmaking

found making, or aiding or assisting in the making any such light, lights,&c.

fire , or blaze, or signal as aforesaid, for any such purposes as thallbedeem-

aforesaid, shall be deemed a rogue and vagabond within the true ed rogues and

intent and meaning of an act of the seventeenth year of the reign vagabonds,

within the

of his said late Majesty, intituled, An act to amend and make more meaning of

effectual the laws relating to rogues, vagabonds, and other idle and dif- 17Geo. 2.C.5.

orderly persons, and to houses of correction, and hall be punishable as

such rogue and vagabond accordingly ; and all persons who shall

befound offending against this act in the manner above mentioned

shall and may be apprehended and conveyed before such justice

or justices of the peace, as in and by the said recited act in relation to the rogues and vagabonds therein described, is directed ;

and the justice or justices before whom such offender shall be

brought, such offender not having been fued or prosecuted for

the same offence, without covin or collusion aforesaid, shall and

may, upon full and sufficient proof of the offence, in the manner

in andby the said recited act directed, order such offender to be

sent to the house of correction, there to remain until the next

general or quarter sessions of the peace, for the county, riding,

division , or place where the said offence was committed ; and the

justices at such seffions shall enter upon the examination of the

cafe, and proceed therein according to the directions of the said

recited act of the seventeenth year of his said late Majesty ; and

all justicesof the peace, mayors, bailiffs , constables, headboroughs,

and other his Majesty's civil officers within their respective juris-

dictions, are hereby empowered and strictly required to use their

utmost endeavours to prevent the committing of any of the offen-

ces aforesaid by all lawful ways and means, and shall be and are

hereby indemnified for any thing done in execution of this act.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Powers of 17

all other the powers, authorities, rules, directions, punishments, Geo. 2. C. 5.

and provisions prescribed and inflicted in and by the said recited extended to

this act foract of the seventeenth year of his said late Majesty, for the appre- the purpose

hending, ofpunishing

670 Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. C. 83. [1802.

such offen-

ders.

hending, securing, and punishing persons as rogues and vagabonds

within the true intent and meaning of the said act , not hereby

altered, shall be applied and carried into execution , in relation to

the persons hereby declared to be rogues and vagabonds, as fully

to all intents and purposes as if the same powers, authorities,

rules , directions, punishments, and provisions, and every of them,

had severally and respectively been re-enacted in this act.

XIII . Provided always, and be it further enacted by the autho-

Persons shall

rity aforesaid, That no person shall be liable to be prosecuted for

be liable to be

any offence against this act , by both the ways by this act pre-

prosecuted only once for

scribed; nor shall any person against whom any action, suit , or

the fameof

information, for the recovery of a pecuniary penalty, hath been

fence.

commencedand carried onwith effect, be liable to imprisonment

as a rogue and vagabond under this act , for the fame offence ;

and that where any person shall be convicted and sentenced to

imprisonment, as a rogue and vagabond, under this act, such per-

fon shall not be liable afterwards to be prosecuted for any pecu-

niary penalty for the fame offence.

Limitation of

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any action or suit

actions.

shall be brought or commenced against any person or persons for

anything done in pursuance of this act , such action or suit shall

becommenced within three calendar months next after the fact

committed and not afterwards, and shall be laid in the county or

placewhere the cause ofcomplaint did arise , and not elsewhere;

and thedefendant or defendants in every such action or suit may

plead the general issue, andgive this act and the special matter

inevidence at any trial to be had thereupon; and if the jury shall

find for the defendant or defendants in any such action or suit, or

if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall be nonsuited , or discontinue his,

her, or their action or suit after the defendant or defendants shall

have appeared, or if upon demurrer judgement shall be given

against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants thall

Treblecosts. have treble costs, and have the like remedy for the fame, as any

defendant hath in any other cases to recover costs by law.

1

CAP. LXXXIII.

An act to continue , until the twenty-ninth day of September one

thousand eight hundred and three, an act , made in the parliament of

Ireland in the thirty- seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty ,for regulating the import, export , andfale of coffee, andfe-

curing the duties payable thereon ; and alsofor securing the duties

payable on licences to persons in Ireland, not being maltsters or

makers of malt, felling malt by commission or otherwise . -[June

22, 1802. ]

HEREAS it is expedient further to continue an alt made in

WIreland for regulating the import, import, export, andsale ofcoffee , and

for securing the duties on coffee ; therefore be it further enactedbythe

King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and con-

fent of the lords spiritual and temporal , and commons, in this

present parliament assembled , and by the authority of the same, That

F

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. c. 83.671

That an act made in Ireland in the thirty- seventh year of his The Irish act

Majesty's reign, intituled , An att for regulating the import , export, of 37.Geo. 3

and sale of coffee , and securing the duties payable thereon, which was

to continue in force until the twenty-fourth day of June one

thousand seven hundred and ninety- eight , and from thence to

the end of the then next session of parliament ; and which was, by whichwas

an act, made in the thirty- eighth year of the reign of his present38Geo. 3.

continuedby

Majesty, intituled, An act to continue an act , passed in the thirty-

feventh year of his Majesty's reign, intituled , ' An act for regulating

the import, export , andsale of coffee, and securing the duties payable

thereon , continued until the twenty-fourth day of June one thou-

fand seven hundred and ninety- nine, and from thence until the

endof the then next session of parliament ; and by an act, passed39Geo.3.and

in the thirty - ninth year of his Majesty's reign, intituled, An act to

continue an act , passedin the thirty- seventh year ofbis Majesty's reign,

intituled , 'An actfor regulating the import, export, and sale ofcoffee ,

and securing the duties payable thereon, ' further continued until the

twenty -fourth day of June one thousand eight hundred, and from

thence until the end of the then next session of parliament; and

by an another act , passed in the fortieth year of his Majesty's40Geo. 3.

reign, intituled , An act to continue an act passed in the thirty- seventh

year of bis Majesty's reign, intituled , ' An alt for regulating the im

port , export, andsale ofcoffee , and securing the duties payable thereon ,

was further continued until the twenty-fourth day of June one

thousand eight hundred and one , and from thence to the end of

the then next session of parliament , shall be and the fame is hereby

further continued until the twenty- ninth day of September one further con

thousand eight hundred and three ,and from thence to the endtinued till

of the then next session of parliament. Sept. 29, 1803 .

II. And whereas by an act , made in Ireland in thefortieth year ofIrish act 40

bis Majesty's reign, intituled , An act for granting for one year the Geo.3.

severalduties therein mentioned, in lieu of all other duties payable

upon the articles therein specified during the said term ; and for

regulating the trade between this kingdom and his Majesty's

colonies; and for other purposes therein mentioned, a duty of

twenty pounds is granted to his Majesty for and upon every licence to

anyperson , not being a maltster or maker ofmalt , felling malt by commission or otherwise, which duty was to continuefrom the twenty- fifth

day of March one thousand eight hundred until the twenty- fifth day of

March one thousand eight hundred and one ; and which , by an act

made in the parliament of the united kingdom of Great Britain and

Ireland in the forty- first year of the reign of his present Majesty, was

continued until and upon the twenty- fifth day of March one thousand

eight hundred and two ; and by an act , made in presentfeffion of par- 42Geo. 3.

liament, intituled, An act for continuing until the twenty-fifth dayc. 31.

of March one thousand eight hundred and three, several acts of

the last session of parliament for continuing and granting duties Licences for

to his Majesty in Ireland , was further continued until and upon the felling malt

by commif-

twenty -fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and three : and fion, &c. thall

whereas it is necessary to make provision for issuing the said licences ,be grantedby

and forfecuring the duty payable thereon; therefore be it further the collectors

enacted, onpayment

"of theduty

672 Anno regni quadragesimo fecundoGEORGII III. c. 83. [1802.

and a fee of enacted, That the several collectors of his Majesty's revenue in

28.8d. 29.and Ireland shall, upon receipt of the duty payable on such licences as

the stores for

keeping malt aforesaid , grant such licence under their respective hands , for each

shall be insert- of which licences there shall be taken by the collector granting

edtherein ; the fame , for his ownuse, over and above the duty payable thereon,

which li-

cences shall

a fee of two shillings and eight -pence halfpenny; and the store or

continue in

stores for keeping malt, used or intended to be used by the person

force till

or persons taking out such licence, shall be inserted therein, and

March25 after every such licence shall continue in force until the twenty-fifth

grantingthem. day of March next after the granting thereof .

Persons, not III. And be it enacted, That every person, not being a malt-

beingmalt- fter or maker of malt, selling maltby commission or otherwise,

sters, felling shall take out such licence as aforesaid before he, she, or they shall

or keeping malt for sale,

fell or keep for sale any malt ; and if any such person as aforesaid

without li-

shall fell or keep for sale any malt without having such licence as

cence , shall

forfeit 40l .

aforesaid in force, every such person shall, for every such offence ,

forfeit the sum of forty pounds.

Partnerships IV. And be it enacted, That persons in partnership, and carry-

mayactunder ing on the business of selling malt as aforesaid, thall not be

one licence, if names be

obliged to take out more thanone licence, provided that the name

specified, &c. of every person in the partnership be inserted in the licence ; and

no one licence shall authorise the person or persons to whom the

same shall be granted , to keep malt in any other store or stores

than the store or stores described in the licence to him, her, or

them.

Duty tobe

V. And be it enacted, That the respective collectors of excise

paid byper-

fons required

in Ireland and the several officers of excise may, at any time, with

to take out licences may

the assistance of a constable, in the daytime , levy the duty which

ought to be paid by the several persons required to take out such

be leviedby

licences as aforesaid, by distress and sale of the goods of the par-

distress , as the

revenue arif-

ties respectively in default, in such manner, andby such ways and

ingby fire hearths .

means as the revenue arising from fire hearths is appointed to be

levied in and by an act, made in Ireland in the seventeenth and

eighteenth years of the reign of his late majesty King Charles the

Second, intituled, An additional act for the better ordering and collecting the revenue arising by hearth money.

Persons forg-

VI. And be it enacted, That if any person shall forge, or coun-

ing, &c. li-

cences shall

terfeit, or alter any licence for the purpose aforesaid, or, in order

forfeit sol. to defraud his Majesty of the duty aforesaid, shall produce as a

and be subject true licence any such forged , counterfeited , or altered licence,

also to the pe- knowing the same to be forged, counterfeited, or altered, every

nalties inflict- suchperson shall forfeit the sum of fifty pounds, one moiety thereof

edfor for-

gery by the to his Majesty, and the other to him who shall prosecute or fue

lawof Ireland . for the fame, to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or

information in any of his Majesty's courts of record in Dublin, in

which no essoign, protection, wager of law, or more than one

imparlance shall be allowed ; and that every such person shall

moreover be subject to such other pains and penalties, as may be

inflicted on persons for forgery by the several statutes of the parliament of Ireland now in force for the punishment of the fame.

Penalties and

forfeitures

VII. And be it enacted, That all penalties and forfeitures by this

G

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 84. 673

this act inflicted , other than such as are hereby otherwise provided how to be re-

for , shall and may be sued for, prosecuted, recovered, and applied coveredand

or disposed of by such ways, means, and methods , and with such applied.

powers and authorities, and according to such rules and directions

as are prescribed and appointed in and by an act, made in the

parliament of Ireland in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of the

reign of his late majesty King Charles the Second , intituled, An

altfor thesettling of the excise or new impost upon his Majesty, accord-

ing to the book ofrates therein inserted, or by any other act or acts

relating to his Majesty's revenue of excise, concerning the penal-

ties thereby inflicted , with like remedy of appeal as in and bythe

said act is provided.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That this act maybe altered, Act maybe

alteredor

varied , or repealed by any act or acts to be passed in this session

repealed this

of parliament.

1

session.

CAP. LXXXIV.

An actfor the further regulation of the trials ofcontroverted elections,

or returns ofmembers toserve in parliament ; and for expediting the

proceedings relating thereto. -[June 22, 1802.]

WHEREAS by an att

of parliament , passed in the tenth year of

ofbis present Majesty, intituled, An act to regulate toGeo. 3.

the trials of controverted elections, or returns of members to

с. 16.

serve in parliament , certain regulations were established, for a time

therein limited, for the trials of controverted elections, or returns of

members to serve in parliament : and whereas by an act , passed in the

eleventh year of the reign of his present Majesty , intituled , An act to II Geo. 3 .

explain and amend an act, made in the last session of parliament, c. 42 .

intituled, An act to regulate the trials of controverted elections,

or returns of members to serve in parliament, ' further regulations

were made therein : and whereas the provisions of the said als were, 14Geo. 3.

by an act passed in the fourteenth year of the reign ofbis present Ma. C. 15.

jesty , continued and made perpetual : and whereas by anactpassed in the

twenty- fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled , An act 25 Geo.3 .

to limit the duration of polls and scrutinies, and for making c. 84.

other regulations touching the election of members to serve in

parliament, for places within England and Wales, and for Berwick-

upon-Tweed; and also for removing difficulties which may arise

for want of returns being made of members to serve in parliament, the provisions of the said acts were extended , in the manner

therein mentioned , to petitions complaining that no return had been

made to a writ issued for the election of a member or members to

Serve in parliament, within the times limited in the said act , or that

such return was not a return ofa member or members, according to the

requisition of the writ : and whereas by an act, passed in the twenty-

eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled , An act for 28Geo. 3.

the further regulation of the trials of controverted elections, or c. 52 .

returns of members to serve in parliament, certain other regulations

were made for the execution of the above recited acts, and for discou-

ragingpersonsfrom presenting frivolous orvexatious petitions, or fet-

VOL. XLIII, Xx ting

674 Anno regni quadragesimo fecundoGEORGII IIL C. 84. [1802.

ting up frivolous or vexatious defences, in any of the cafes to which

the said acts relate, and for the final decision of questions respecting

the rights of voting atsuch elections , or of nominating or appointing

the returning officer or returning officers who are to preside thereat :

and whereas it is expedient that further regulations should be made

for giving dispatch to the execution of certain parts of the said

several acts ; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords

spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament

Where two assembled, and by the authority of the same , That, from and

or more petitions are to be after this present session of parliament, where two or more

taken into

petitions under and by virtue of the said recited acts, or any of

consideration them, are to be taken into consideration by the house of com-

the daypetition

mons, on the fame day , it shall and may be lawful, after sum-

ers maybe

moning the members, and counting the house, in the manner

orderedto

directed by the said recited acts, to order all the petitioners and

attend, and

other parties, by themselves, their counsel or agents, to attend

after the lift

within the house at the same time, before the door shall be

of 49mem-

bers hath been

locked, and after the lift of forty-nine names of the members

ballotted to

present hath been drawn by lot, and completed , in order to

form the first form the first committee, according to the directions of the said

committee, recited acts, it shall and may be lawful to proceed forthwith,

the house shall immediately and before the door of the house shall be opened, except for the

form the fe- purposes hereinafter mentioned, to draw by lot, and complete

cond andfuch in like manner, out of the same boxes or glasses, another lift of

other number

of number forty -nine names of the remaining members present, in order

asmaybe re-

to form the second committee, according to the said directions ;

quisite; and

and in the same manner to draw by lot, and complete , fuccef-

the select

five lifts of forty-nine names of the remaining members present ,

committees

in order to form the third and fourth or such other number of

shall then be

committees as may be requisite for the trial of such petitions ;

severally ap.

and the select committees for the trial and determination of such

pointed .

petitions, and the nominees thereto, thall then severally be appointed according to the rules, directions , and regulations of the

said recited acts in like manner as if only one lift of forty-nine

names had then been formed.

But the house II. Provided always, That it shall not nor may be lawful to

shall not pro-

ceed to form

proceed, in manner aforesaid, to form successive lifts, in order

more than one

to form more than one of such committees, unless one hundred

committee

and twenty members shall be present in the house at the time

unless the

of counting the fame ; nor to form fuccessive lifts in order to

numbers here- form more than two such committees, unless two hundred

in specified be

present. members shall then be present in the house; nor to form fuc-

cessive lifts, in order to form more than three such committees,

unless two hundred and seventy members shall then be present

in the house ; nor to form successive lifts, in order to form more

than four such committees, unless three hundred and sixty

members shall then be present in the house , nor to form fuc-

cessive lifts , in order to form more than five such committees,

unless four hundred and sixty members shall then be present in

the house.

III . Pro-

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. C. 84. 675

III. Provided always, That in case the house shall proceed , Thename of

in manner aforesaid , to form fuccessive lists, in order to form any member

drawn who is

two or more such committees, and any member whose name is excused for

drawn shall be excused for some reason which applies specially some reason

to any one petition, the name of such member shall be returned which applies

into the box or glass from whence it has been taken , so that specially to

one petition

it may be again drawn by lot upon any of the following pe- maybe put

titions .

into the box

IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if upon anddrawn

drawing out the name of any member by lot upon one of such again.

petitions, the petitioners or fitting members, or the agents who If the name

of anymem.

thall have been ordered, under or by virtue of this act, to ber be declar

attend within the house upon any other petition, shall declare, ed one of the

that such member is intended to be one of the two nominees two nominees

nominated by them respectively ; and if such member shall named bythe

consenttosuch nomination, the name of such member so drawn petitioners,

&c. it shall be

shall be set aside , and another member shall be drawn to supply set aside ifthe

his place, to complete the number of forty-nine to be drawn member con-

bylot.

fents.

V. Provided also, That if two or more such petitions are to Lifts maybe

formedand

betaken into consideration on the same day, and it shall hap- select com-

pen, by reason that a sufficient number of members liable to mittees ap-

serve are not present in the house, that successive lists cannot pointed on

be formed , in manner aforesaid, upon all such petitions ; yet one or more

the house may nevertheless proceed to form the lift or lifts, petitions, as

far as the

and appoint the select committee or committees upon one or house is en-

more of such petitions, as far as they are enabled so to do by abled so to do

the number of members present, and may, after such appoint by themem-

ment proceed to any other business ; and the order or orders bers present,

and re-

for taking the remaining petition or petitions into consideration maining shall

mall be adjourned, as directed by the said recited acts in cases be adjourned.

where petitions cannot be taken into consideration on the day

appointed for want of a sufficient attendance.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That itPetitioners ,

&c. maywith .

shall be lawful for the petitioners and other parties, and their draw as soon

counsel or agents, to withdraw from the house as soon as the lift as the ballot is

of forty-nine names thall have been drawn, in order to form over.

the committee for the trial of such petition respectively ; and for maybe

Reduced lifts

the clerk appointed to attend the said committee, to return the returned

reduced lift in the time intervening between any two ballots ; between two

and the members remaining upon any of the said reduced lifts, ballots, and

the commit-

together with the two members who shall be appointed as teebeing

nominees, shall be sworn at the table, and shall be at liberty sworn may

forthwith to depart from the house.

leave the

VII. Provided also , and be it further enacted, That, whenhouse.

Whencom-

on acomplaint by a petition of an undue election or return, plaint is made

there shall be more than two parties before the house on distinct on different

interests, or complaining or complained of upon different grounds the

grounds, the thirteen members returned to the house by virtue committee

not

of the aforesaid act passed in the eleventh year of his present choose their

Majesty's reign, shall not choose their nominees until all the nominees till

XX2

other all the other

i

676 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III.c.85 . [1802.

select committees

to be ballot-

ted for on

that day shall

be sworn

Committee

first ballotted

for thall have

the choice of

nominees .

Committees

shall be at-

tended by a

short-hand

writer.

other select committees to be ballotted for on that day shall

have been sworn: provided also , that if two or more committees shall be appointed on the same day, to decide on any

petition whereon there shall be more than two parties as aforesaid before the house, the committee which shall have been first

ballotted for shall have the preference in the choice of members

to serve as nominees .

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every such committee

appointed for the trial and determination of any petition under

and by virtue of the said recited acts, and of this act , shall or

may be attended by a person well skilled in the art of writing

short hand, who shall be specially appointed by the clerk of the

house ofcommons for the time being, and sworn by the chair-

man faithfully and truly to take down, in short hand , the

evidence adduced before the said committee, and from day to

day , as occasion may require, to transcribe or cause the same to

be transcribed in words at length, for the use of the said committee.

Continuance

ofact.

IX. And be it further enacted, That this act shall continue

in force two years, and from thence till the end of the session

of parliament next after the expiration of the said two years,

and no longer.

CAP. LXXXV.

An actfor the trying and punishing in Great Britain persons holding

publick employments for offences committed abroad ; and for extend-

ing the provisions of an act, passed in the twenty- first year of the

reign of King James, made for the ease of justices and others in

pleading in fuits brought against them , to all persons, either in

or out of this kingdom, authorised to commit tosafe custody.-

[June 22, 1802.]

WHEREAS persons holding and exercising publick employments

out of Great Britain often escape punishment or offences committed by them, for want of courts having asufficientjurisdiction, in

or by reason of their departing from the country or place where such

offences have been committed , and that such persons cannot be tried in

Great Britain for such offences as the law nowstands , in as much

asfuch offences cannot be laid to have been committed within the body

of any county: and whereas it is therefore expedient thatfuch and the

like provisions as are contained in an act passed in the eleventh and

twelfth years of the reign of his late majesty King William the Third ,

11 & 12Gul. intituled , An act to punish governors ofplantations in this kingdom

3.C. 12.

for crimes committed by them in the plantations, and in an act

13 Geo. 3 .

c. 63 .

passed in the thirteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled , An act for establishing certain regulations for the better

management of the affairs of the East India company, as well in

India as in Europe, and in an act passed in the twenty- fourth year of

24 Geo. 3.

C. 25 .

the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for the better

regulation and management of the affairs of the East India company, and of the British possessions in India, and for establishing

acourt

1

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 85. 677

acourt ofjudicature for the more speedy and effectual trial of

persons accused of offences committed in the East Indies, should

be extended and applied to the punishment of such offenders : may it

therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted ; and be it

enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the

adviceand consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority Offences com-

of the fame , That , from and after the passing of this act, if any mittedbyper-

person who now is, or heretofore has been, or thall hereafter be fons employed

employed by or in the service of his Majesty, his heirs or fuc- in anypublick

cessors, in anycivil or military station, office, or capacity out of service abroad

Great Britain, or shall heretofore have had, held, maybe profe-

or exercised , cuted in the

or now has, holds, or exercises , or shall hereafter have, hold, or court of

exercise any public station , office, capacity, or employment, out King's bench

of Great Britain, shall have committed , or shall commit, or shall in England ;

and maybe

have heretofore been, or is, or shall hereafter be guilty of anylaidin Mid-

crime, misdemeanor, or offence, in the execution, or under dlesex, and the

colour , or in the exercise of any such station, office, capacity, or offenders pu-

employment as aforesaid, every such crime, offence , or mifde- nished as it the

offences had

meanor maybe prosecuted or enquired of , and heard and de-been commit-

termined in his Majesty's court of King's bench here in England , ted in Eng-

either upon an information exhibited by his Majesty's attorney land.

* general, or upon an indictment found, in which information or

indictment such crime, offence, or misdemeanor may be laid

and charged to have been committed in the county of Middlesex,

and all such persons so offending, and also all persons tried under

any of the provisions of the said recited act, pasled in the reign

ofKing William aforesaid, or this act, or either of them, for any

offence, crime, or misdemeanor, and not having been before

tried for the fame out of Great Britain, shall, on conviction, be

liable to such punishment as may, by any law or laws now in

force, or any act or acts that may hereafter be passed, be inflicted

for any such crime , misdemeanor , or offence committed in

England , and shall also be liable, at thedifcretion of his Majesty's

court of King's bench, to be adjudged to be incapable of serving

his Majesty in any station, office, or capacity civil or military,

or of holding or exercising any publick employment whatever.

II. And be it further enacted , That in all cafes of indictments The court of

found or informations exhibited under and by virtue of this act, King'sbench,

on motion,

• it shall be lawful for his Majesty's said court of King's bench, may award a

upon motion to be made, and such notice thereof as to the said writ ofMan-

court of King's bench may appear to be sufficient, by-or ondamus toany

courtof judi-

behalf of his Majesty's attorney general or other prosecutor, or of cature , or the

the defendant or defendants, to award at the discretion of the governor, &c.

1said court, a writ or writs of Mandamus to any chief justice and of the country

judges, or any chief justice or other judge singly for the time where the of-

fence was

being, of any court or courts ofjudicature in the country or committed to

island, or near to the place where the crime, offence , or mif- obtain proofs

demeanor shall be charged in such indictment or information of the matters charged in the

to have been committed, or to any governor or lieutenant go- indictment

vernor or other person having any chief authority in such which shall be

xx3

country, done by viva

678 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III, C. 85. [ 1802 .

voceevidence, country, island, or place, or to any other person or persons re-

and the fame fiding there, as the cafe may require, and as to the said court of

mitted to the King's bench may, under all the circumstances of the case, seem

court of most expedient for the purpose of obtaining and receiving proofs

King's bench, concerning the matters charged in any such indictment or in-

and admitted formation; and the person or persons to whom such writ or

on thetrial,

&c. writs shall be directed and sent, are hereby respectively authorised and required to hold a court, session, or meeting, with all

convenient speed, for the examination of witnesses and receiving

other proofs concerning the matters charged in such indictment

or information respectively, and in the mean time to cause

publick notice to be given of the holding of the said court,

session , or meeting, and to issue such summons or other process

as may be requisite for the attendance of witnesses, and to ad-

journ from time to time as occasion may require ; and such

examination or examinations shall be then and there openly and

publickly taken viva voce in the said court , session, or meeting,

upon questions put by any such prosecutor or prosecutors,

defendant or defendants, or any agent or agents, person or

persons on behalf of the said attorney general or other prosecutor

/or prosecutors , and defendant or defendants respectively, if any

such shall attend for that purpose, and by the court , person or

persons towhom such writ shall be directed and sent as aforesaid ,

upon the respective oaths of witnesses, and the oaths of skilful

interpreters if necessary, administered according to the forms

of their several religions, and shall, by some officer or_person

sworn for that purpose, be reduced into writing on parchment

or paper ; and in cafe any duplicate or duplicates shall be required by or on behalf of the prosecutor, or the defendant or

defendants respectively, into two or more writings on parchment

or paper, as the cafe may require; and such examination or

examinations shall be sent to his Majesty in his court of King's

bench closed up, and under the seal or seals of the person or

persons before whom such examination or examinations as

aforesaid shall have been taken ; and the person or persons

taking such examination or examinations as aforesaid thall deliver the same to any person or persons appointed by the said

court ofKing's bench to receive the fame, or shall transmit the

fame in such manner as the said court of King's bench shall

direct ; and all such examinations shall, with all convenient

speed, be delivered to one of the clerks in court of his Majesty's court of King's bench, in the crown office of the said

court , for the safe custody thereof; and every clerk in the said

court of King's bench, to whom any examination or examina-

tions shall be delivered, is hereby authorised to administer an

oath to the person delivering the same to him, in such form as

the said court ofKing's bench shall direct ; and such examination

or examinations thall be allowed and read upon the trial of any

such indictment or information, or any other subsequent pro

ceeding thereon or relating thereto, and shall be deemed as good

and competent evidence as if the witness or witnesses, whose

exami-

L

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 85. 679

examination or examinations shall be so read, had been present,

and sworn, and examined, viva voce, at such trial, any law or

usage to the contrary notwithstanding, saving all just excep-

tions to be taken to any such examination or examinations or

any part thereof when the same shall be offered to be read as

aforesaid ; and all persons concerned shall be entitled to take

copies of such examinations in the custody of such clerk in court

at their own costs and charges .

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall also be lawful Court of

for the said court ofKing's bench upon motion to be made, and King's bench

mayorder an

such notice thereof as aforesaid, by or on behalf of his Majesty's examination

attorney general, or other prosecutor, or defendant or defend- de bene effe,

ants in any such indictment or information, to order an ex- in cases where

viva voce

amination de bene effe of witnesses upon interrogatories, in any evidencecan-

case where the viva voce testimony of such witnesses cannot not be had,

conveniently be had, to be taken before an examiner to be

appointed by the said court , and the depositions taken upon such

interrogatories shall be afterwards admitted to be read in

evidence upon the trial of such indictment or information, or in

any other subsequent proceeding thereon or relating thereto,

and shall be deemed good and sufficient evidence in the law,

saving all just exceptions to be taken to such depositions when

the same shall be offered to be read as aforesaid .

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Persons to

any person or persons to whom any such writ or writs of Man- whom such

damus shall be directed, or order sent as aforesaid ; and in case writs ofMan-

damus shall be

the same shall be directed or fent tomore than one person, for directed , mail

so many of them as shall for that purpose be appointed by do all things

the said writ, or required by the said order, and who shall act in necessary for

the due exe-

the execution thereof ; and such person and persons is and are cution thereof

hereby respectively authorised and required to administer all by compelling

oaths required to be taken under any of the provisions of this the appear-

act, or necessary for the due execution of any such writ or order, ance and giv-

or any act, matter, or thing relating thereto, and to examine ing evidence

upon oath all persons whom he or they find occasion to fum- &c.

ofwitnesses ,

mon, and all other persons whom he or they shall think fit to

examine , touching all matters and things necessary for the due

execution of any such writ or order as aforesaid ; and such

person and persons respectively, to whom such writ shall be

directed, or order sent as aforesaid, or fo many of them as shall,

in that behalf be appointed, and shall act in the execution

thereof as aforesaid, thall have full power and authority to compel the appearance and giving evidence of any witness upon

any such writ or order, and to issue special summons or other

process for that purpose, and may proceed upon such summons,

or other process, by imprisonment of the body of any person

refusing to appear or give evidence, in like manner as any

court or courts of record within this kingdom, having competent authority for that purpose , may proceed against any

person or persons for any contempt committed against the authority of any such court.

xx4 V.And

t

680 Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. C. 85. [ 1802.

Persons giving V. And be it further enacted, That in case any person or

false evidence

shall be subject persons in the course of his , her , or their examination upon

to the pains oath, under and by virtue of the said recited act of the

inflicted for

twenty-fourth year of his present Majesty , or this act, shall

perjury.

wilfully and corruptly give false evidence, such person or persons

so offending, and being thereof duly convicted , shall be, and is

and are hereby declared to be, subject and liable to such pains

and penalties, as persons guilty of wilful and corrupt perjury

shall be liable to by any law or laws then in force in the king-

dom, island, or place, where such false evidence shall have been

given as aforesaid.

VI. And whereas it is expedient to extend the provisions of an

at, passed in the twenty- first year of the reign of his majesty King

21 Jac. 1.

C. 12.

James the First, intituled, An act to enlarge and make perpetual

the act made for ease in pleading against troublesome and con-

tentious suits prosecuted against justices of the peace, mayors ,

constables, and certain other his Majesty's officers, for the lawful execution of their office, made in the seventh year of his

Majesty's most happy reign, to all persons who may by law commit

to safe custody, either in or out of this kingdom; be it therefore

Recited act

enacted, That, from and after the passing of this act, the said

shallextend to recited act, and all the provisions therein contained shall extend,

personshav-

ing publick and be deemed, taken, and construed to extend to all persons

employment, having, holding, or exercising, or being employed in, or who

and who by

may hereafter have, hold, or exercise, or be employed in any

law are empowered to

publick employment, or any office, station, or capacity, either

commit

civil or military, either in or out of this kingdom ; and who under

persons to safe and by virtue, or in pursuance of any act or acts of parliament, law

custody.

or laws , or lawful authority within this kingdom, or any act or

acts, statute or statutes , ordinance or ordinances, or law or laws,

or lawful authority in any plantation, island, colony, or foreign

possession of his Majesty, now have or may hereafter have, by

virtue of any such publick employment , or such office, station,

or capacity, power or authority to commit persons to fafe cuf-

tody; and all such persons, having such power or authority as

aforesaid, shall have and be entitled to all the privileges, benefits, and advantages, given by the provisions of the said act as

fully and effectually , to all intents and purposes, as if they had

Where any

been been specially named therein: provided always , That

action shall be

where any action , bill, plaint, or suit upon the cafe, trespass,

broughtfor

any thing battery , or false imprisonment, shall be brought against any

doneout of such person as is in this act described as aforesaid, in this king-

this kingdom , dom, for or upon any act, matter, or thing done out of this

it maybelaid kingdom , it shall be lawful for the plaintiff bringing the same

inWestmin-

ster , or inany to lay such act , matter, or thing, to have been done in West-

countywhere minster, or in any county where the person against whom any

thedefendant such action, bill, plaint, or suit, shall be brought, shall then

shall reside. reside; any thing in this act to the contrary thereof notwith-

standing.

CAP.

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 86. 68

CAP. LXXXVI .

Analt to continue, until the eighth day of April one thousand eight

hundred and three, an act, passed in the last fession of parliament

for staying proceedings in actions under the statute of King

Henry the Eighth, ' for abridging spiritual persons from hav-

ing pluralities of livings, and of taking of ferms; and also

tostay proceedings in actions under an act of the thirteenth year

ofQueen Elizabeth, touching leases of benefices, and other

ecclesiastical livings, with cure.-[ June 22, 1802.]

WHEREAS an act possed in the present session of parliament, intituled , An act to continue , until the twenty. c. 30.

fifth day of July one thousand eight hundred and two, an act,

made in the last session of parliament, intituled, ' An act to

stay , until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight

hundred and two, proceedings in actions under the statute of

King Henry the Eighth, " for abridging spiritual persons from

having pluralities of livings, and from taking of ferms :" and

whereas it is expedient that all such proceedings should be stayed for

afurther period of time : and whereas an act passed in the thirteenth

year of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled , An act touching 13 Eliz. c. 20.

leases of benefices, and other ecclesiastical livings , with cure :

and whereas it is expedient that allproceedings and actions thereon ,

and also all the provisions of the said act relating to the making void

any lease should also be suspended; be it enacted by the King's

most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of

the lords spiritual and temporal , and commons, in this present

parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That41Geo. 3.

c. 102. shall

the said act, passed in the forty-first year of the reign of his continue in

present Majesty, intituled, An act tostay , until the twenty- fifth force till

day of March one thousand eight hundred and two , proceedings in April 8, 1803 .

actions under the statute of King Henry the Eighth, for abridging

Spiritual persons from having pluralities of livings, and from taking

of ferms, hall remain and continue in full force until the eighth

day of April one thousand eight hundred and three ; and that

all proceedings which shall have been, and which may hereafter

be stayed under the said recited act, and the said act of the last

fefsion of parliament, and this act, thall remain and continue

stayed until the said eighth day of April one thousand eight hundred and three.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the paff- Proceedings in actions for

ing of this act , it shall and may be lawful for the defendant penalties

in any action already commenced, or which shall be commenced, under the

for any penalty or forfeiture under the said act of her last recited act of

Eliz.

majesty Queen Elizabeth, previous to the eighth day of April 13 brought pre-

one thousand eight hundred and three, to apply to the court invious to

which such action shall be brought, during the fitting of such April 8, 1803 ,

court, or to anyjudge of such court during vacation, to stay shall be stayed

proceedings in such action ; and such court and such judge re-onapplica-

tion to the

spectively are hereby required to stay such proceedings accord- court, &c.

ingly, and the pro-

682 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 90. [ 1802.

visions of that ingly, until the said eighth day of April one thousand eight

act relating to hundred and three; and that all and every the provisions of the

themaking voidleasesby said last recited act relating to the making void any lease by

reason of

reason of any non-residence, shall be , and the same are hereby

non - residence suspended until the said eighth day of April one thousand eight

shall be fuf-

pendedtill

hundred and three; any thing in the said act to the contrary

thatday.

notwithstanding.

CAP. LXXXVII.

An act toenable the lord high treasurer , or commissioners of his Majesty's

treasury of Ireland for the time being, tofell , lease, convey, or dispose

of the parliament house in the city of Dublin, and all the premises and

appurtenances thereunto belonging, to the governor and company of

the bank of Ireland.-[June 22, 1802.]

CAP. LXXXVIII.

An act for punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment

of the army and their quarters.-[June 22, 1802. ]

CAP. LXXXIX.

An act for vesting certain lands and hereditaments in trustees, for pro-

moting the service of his Majesty's orduance at Woolwich.-[june

22 , 1802. ]

Fertain acts

and parts of

acts relating

to the militia ,

repealed .

CAP. XC.

An actfor amending the laws relating to the militia in England, and

foraugmenting the militia. -[June 26, 1802.)

HEREAS WHEREa

respectable military force , under the command of

officers possessing landed property, within Great Britain, 25

essential to the constitution ; and the militia, as by law established ,

through its constant readiness onshort noticefor effectual service, has

been found of the utmost importance to the internal defence of this

realm : and whereas it is necessary, for the better fulfilling the purposes

of the institution of the militia, that the numbers thereof to be raised

and kept in constant readiness for effectual service within Great

Britain should be augmented : and whereas the laws now inforce for

regulating the militia require amendment ; and it is expedient that

many of the provisions contained in thefeveral acts relating to the fame

shouldbe repealed, and others of them continued andamended, and that

new provisions should be made ; and it would greatly tend to the better

execution thereof if the whole of the said provisions were comprized

in one act of parliament : and whereas it is necessary for the purposes

aforesaid , that certain acts and parts of acts now in force should be

repealed; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent

majesty , by and with the advice and consent of the lords

spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament

assembled, and by the authority of the same , That an act,

passed in the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty,

intituled, An alt for amending, and reducing into one act of

parliament, the laws relating to the militia in that part of Great

Britain called England ; and also, so much of an act passed in the thirty

1

1802.) Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 90. 683

thirty-third year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An

ad to provide for the families of persons chosen by lot toserve in the

militia of this kingdom , and offubftitutes serving therein ; and to

explain and amend an act of parliament passed in the twenty- sixth

year of bis present Majesty, intituled, ' An alt for amending, and

reducing into one act of parliament, the laws relating to the militia in

that part of Great Britain called England,' as relates to bounties

to be paid to militia men whose terms of service are prolonged ;

and also, an act passed in the thirty- fifth year of the reign of his

present Majesty, intituled, An alt for augmenting the royal corps of

artillery , andproviding seafaring men for the service of the navy out

of the private men now serving in the militia ; and to amend an act

passed in the twenty- sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty,

intituled , An act for amending and reducing into one act of

parliament the laws relating to the militia in that part of Great

Britain called England ;' and also two several acts , passed in the

thirty -feventh year of the reign of his present Majesty , relating

to the supplementary militia ; and also, an act passed in the

thirty-eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled,

An att to enable bis Majesty, to order out a certain proportion of the

Supplementarymilitia ; and to provide for the necessary augmentation

of men in the several companies of the militia , by incorporating the

Supplementary militia therewith ; and also , another act passed in the

thirty-eighth year aforesaid, intituled , An act for augmenting the

number offield officers and other officers of militia ; and for making

otherprovisions concerning the militia forces of his kingdom ; and also

an act, passed in the thirty-ninth year of the reign of his present

Majesty, intituled, An alt to amend two acts, passed in the twenty-

sixthand thirty - feventh years of the reign of his present Majesty, So

faras the fame relate to the militia of the counties of Middlesex and

Surrey; and for applying certain monies remaining in the hands of

the clerks to the deputy lieutenants of the county of Middlesex, and

other persons, towards the completing of the said militia ; and also

another act, passed in the thirty-ninth year aforesaid, intituled,

Anattfor the reduction of the militia forces, at the times and in the

manner therein limited ; for enabling bis Majesty more effectually to

increasehis regularforces for the vigorous prosecution of the war ; and

for amending the laws relating to the militia ; and also another act,

passed in the thirty-ninth and fortieth years of the reign of his

present Majesty, intituled , An actfor enabling his Majesty to accept

the services of an additional number of volunteers from the militia,

under certain restrictions ; and also another act passed in the forty-

second year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act

to regulate, until the twenty- fifth day of March one thousand eight

hundred and three , the number of private militia men in thefeveral

counties, ridings , and places therein mentioned; and for supplying of

vacancies in the militia ; shall be and the same are hereby Militia raised

repealed; and that the militia raised by virtue of the said act ofunder 26Geo.

3. C. 1070the twenty- sixth year aforesaid, shall , from and after the passing mallibe subject

of this act , be subject to all the provisions and regulations to the regula-

thereof : provided always, that the repealing of the said several tions of his

acts act.

684 Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. c. 90. [ 1802.

Repeal of acts acts hereby repealed, or any or either of them, shall not affect

not to affect

commissions any commission of lieutenancy, or any other commission already

granted by granted under or by virtue of the said acis, or any or either of

virtue of them . them, but that all such persons to whom any such commissions

Non commif . shall have been granted, shall and may act in the execution of

fioned offi- this act, in like manner as they might have acted in the execution

cers, drum- of the said former acts , or any or either of them: provided also,

mers, and privatesof the

that so many of the serjeants, corporals, drummers, and private

militia , to

militia men as are now serving for the several counties , ridings,

continue to

and places aforesaid, shall be liable and continue to serve in the

serve as if this same manner and for the fame length of time as they ought to

acthad not

have served if this act had not been made; and from time to

been made,

and men to

time in every case where it shall be necessary to supply any defi-

supplydefi-

ciency in the number of private militia men of any county,

ciencies to be riding, or place, the man or number of men required to supply

rained and to such deficiency shall be raised, provided , and enrolled, and thall

terve accord- serve, in the manner and for the time directed by and under and

ing to this

act.

according to the provisions, rules, and regulations of this act.

II. And be it further enacted, That his Majesty may and

His Majesty shall appoint shall, from time to time, constitute and appoint lieutenants for

Lieutenants of the counties, tidings, and places herein-after mentioned ; and

counties, whothe several lieutenants so appointed shall have full power and

thall call out authority, and are hereby required , to call together, arm, array ,

the militia

yearly, and appointde-

and cause to be trained, and exercised , such persons, and in such

manner, as is herein- after directed, once in every year ; and the

puties , and

said lieutenants severally shall from time to time constitute and

alto officers,

whole names

appoint such persons as they shall think fit, being qualified as

and ranks

herein-after is directed, and living within their respective

shall be cer-

counties, ridings, and places, to be their deputy lieutenants ( the

tified tohis

names of such persons having been first presented to and approved

tajesty, but by his Majesty ), and shall also appoint a proper number of

halldifap-

colonels, lieutenant colonels, majors, and other officers, qualified

prove com.

as herein- after directed, to train, discipline, and command the

miflions shall

persons to be so armed and arrayed according to the rules ,

notbe

orders, and directions herein-after mentioned, and shall certify to

granted .

his Majesty the names and ranks of all such officers so to be

appointed; and in cafe his Majesty shall, within fourteen days

after such certificate shall have been laid before him, signify his

disapprobation of any of the persons so to be appointed, it shall

not be lawful for the said lieutenants to grant a commission to any

person so disapproved, but commissions shall be granted to all

-such persons who shall not be disapproved by his Majesty; and

Rank of

officers .

the officers so appointed for the militia, to be armed and arrayed

as herein- after directed , shall rank with the officers of his Majesty's regular forces as youngest of their rank.

Three deputy III. And be it further enacted, That when the lieutenant of

lieutenants

may be autho- any county, riding, or place , shall be out of the kingdom of

riled by his Great Britain, or when there shall be no lieutenant , it shall be

Majesty to act lawful for his Majesty to authorise any three deputy lieutenants

when the of such county, riding, or place, to grant commissions to officers

lieutenant thall be out of

to serve in the militia for such county , riding, or place , upon any

the kingdom ,vacancy

i

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. c . 95. 685

vacancythat shall then happen , in such manner as such lieutenant or where there

coulddo, and to do all other acts, matters, and things , which shall benone.

might lawfully have been done by the said lieutenant; and the

same shall be good and valid in the law , as if done by the said

lieutenant himself .

IV. And be it further enacted, That no commission of anyCommissions

deputy lieutenant , nor any commission of any officer in thenot to be

militia, already granted, or to be granted by any lieutenant or vacated bythe

revocation of

deputy lieutenants, shall be vacated by reason of the revocation, the power of

expiration , or discontinuance of the commission by which any the grantor.

such lieutenant or deputy lieutenants as aforesaid was or were

appointed.

V. And be it further enacted, That the lieutenant of every County lieu-

county, riding , or place, shall have the chief command of thetenant tohave

the chief

militia within the county, riding , or place, to which he is ap- command of

pointed; and that twenty deputy lieutenants at the least shall be the militia,

appointed within every county , riding, and place, ifso many can and a certain

befound qualified as herein-after directed; but if such number ofnumber of

deputies to be

persons so qualified cannot be found within any such county, appointed .

riding , or place, then as many persons so qualified as can be

found within such county , riding, or place, shall be appointed

to be deputy lieutenants for the purposes of this act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all persons to beQualifications

appointed deputy lieutenants or officers of the militia, inpur -of deputy lieutenants

suance of this act , (except within the counties of Cumberland , and officers

Huntingdon, Monmouth, Westmorland and Rutland , the Isle ofElyin England,

in the county of Cambridge, the several counties andplaces within except for

the dominion of Wales, and such cities and towns as are counties certain places

within themselves); shall be qualified as follows; (that is to say),

every person so to be appointed a deputy lieutenant, shall be

seised or possessed, either in law or equity for his ownuse and

benefit, in possession , ofa freehold, copyhold, or customary estate

for life , or for the life of his wife, she having a freehold , copy-

hold , or customary estate for her life, or for some greater estate,

or of an estate for some long term of years determinable on one

or more life or lives, in manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or

hereditaments, in England , Wales, or the town of Berwick upon

Tweed , of the yearly value of two hundred pounds, or shall be

heir apparent of some person who shallin like manner be feised or

possessed of a like estate as aforesaid of the yearly value of four

hundred pounds; and every person so to be appointed a colonel,

shall in like manner beseised or poffefsed of a like estate as aforesaid of the yearly value of one thousand pounds, or shall be heir

apparent of some person who shall in like manner be seised or

possessed of a like estate as aforesaid of the yearly value of two

thousand pounds; and every person so to be appointed a lieu-

tenant colonel, shall in like manner be seised or possessed ofa like

estate as aforesaid of the yearly value of six hundred pounds, or

shall be heir apparent of some person who shall in like manner be

seised or poffefsed of a like estate as aforesaid of the yearly value

ofone thousand two hundred pounds; and every person so to be

appointed a major, shall in like manner be seised or poffefsed of

a like

686 Annoregni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 90. [1802.

a like estate as aforesaid of the yearly value of four hundred

pounds, or shall be heir apparent of some person who shall in

like manner be seised or poffefsed of a like estate as aforesaid, of

the yearly value of eight hundred pounds ; and every person so to

be appointed a captain, shall in like manner be seised or poslessed

of a like estate as aforesaid of the yearly value of two hundred

pounds, or shall be heir apparent of some person who shall in like

manner be seised or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid of the

yearly value of four hundred pounds, or shall be a younger fon

of some person who shall be, or at the time of his death was in

like manner seised or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid of the

yearly value of six hundred pounds ; and every person so to be

appointed lieutenant , shall in like manner be seised or possessed of

a like estate as aforesaid of the yearly value of fifty pounds, or

shall be possessed of a personal estate alone to the amount of one

thousand pounds, or seised or possessed of real and personal estate

together to the amount or value oftwo thousand pounds, or shall be

fon of some person who shall be or at the time of his death was in

like manner seised or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid of the

yearly value of one hundred pounds, or who thall be or who at the

time of his death was possessed ofa personal estate alone to the

amount of two thousand pounds, or seised or'poffefsed of real and

personal estate together to the amount or value of three thousand

pounds; and that every person so to be appointed an ensign, shall

in like manner be seised or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid of

the yearly value of twentypounds, or shall be possessed of a personal estate alone to the amount of five hundred pounds, or seised

1

or poffessed of real and personal estate together to the amount or

value of one thousand pounds, or shall be fon of some person who

shall be or at the time of his death was in like manner seised or

possessed of a like estate as aforesaid of the yearly value of fifty

pounds, or who shall be or who at the time of his death was pof-

sessed of a personal estate alone to the amount of one thousand

pounds, or seised or poffefsed of real and personal estate together to

the amount or value of one thousand five hundred pounds; of

which said estates required as qualifications for deputy lieutenants,

colonels, lieutenant colonels, majors, and captains respectively,

one moiety shall be situate or arising within the respective

counties, ridings, or places, in which they shall be appointed

to serve.

Qualifications

VII. And be it further enacted, That the estates requisite for the

of deputy lieutenants

qualification of the deputy lieutenants and officers of the militia ,

within the counties of Cumberland, Huntingdon, Monmouth, West-

and officers in morland , and Rutland , and within every county and place in the

Cumberland,

&c. and in

dominion of Wales, hall be as follows ; (that is to say), a deputy

Wales .

lieutenant shall in like manner be seised or possessed of a like

estate as aforesaid of the yearly value of one hundred and fifty

pounds, or shall be heir apparent to aperson who shall in like

manner be seised or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid of the

yearly value of three hundred pounds; acolonel shall be in like

manner feised or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid of the

yearlyvalue of six hundred pounds, or shall be heir apparent of a person

i

1802. ] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 90. 687

person who shall in like manner be seised or possessed of a like

estate as aforesaid of the yearly value of one thousand two hundred pounds ; a lieutenant colonel or major commandant, shall

in like manner be seised or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid

of the yearly value of four hundred pounds, or shall be heir

apparent of a person who shall in like manner be seised or possessed

of a like estate as aforesaid of the yearly value of eight hundred

pounds; a major shall in like manner be seised or possessed of a

likeestate as aforesaid of the yearly value of two hundred pounds,

or shall beheir apparent of some person who shall in like manner be

seised ofa like estate as aforesaid of the yearly value of four hundred pounds ; and every person so to be appointed captain, shall in

like manner be seised or poffefsed of a like estate as aforesaid of

the yearly value of one hundred and fifty pounds, or shall be fon

of a person who shall be or at the time of his death was in like

manner seised or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid of the

yearly value of three hundred pounds ; a lieutenant shall in like

manner be seised or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid of the

yearly value of thirty pounds, or shall be possessed of a personal

estate alone to the amount of six hundred pounds, or seised or

possessed of real and personal estate together to the amount or

value of one thousand two hundred pounds, or shall be the son of

aperson who shall be or at the time of his death was in like

manner seised or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid of the yearly

value offixty pounds, or who shall be or at the time of his death

was possessed of a personal estate alone to the amount of one

thousand two hundred pounds, or seised or possessed of a real and

personal estate together to the amount or value of two thousand

four hundred pounds ; an ensign shall be in like manner seised or

possessed of a like estate as aforesaid of the yearly value of twenty

pounds, or shall be poffefsed of a personal estate alone to the

amount of three hundred pounds, or seised or possessed of a real

and personal estate together of the amount or value of six hundred

pounds, or shall be the son of a person who shall be or at the

time of his death, was in like manner seised or possessed of a like

estate as aforesaid of the yearly value of thirty pounds, or who

shall be or at the time of his death was possessed of a personal

estate alone to the amount of six hundred pounds, or seised or

possessed of real and personal estate together to the amount or

value of one thousand two hundred pounds ; of all which

respective estates, (except those for the qualifications of lieu-

tenants and ensigns), one moiety shall be situate or arising within

the respective counties or places in which such officers shall be

respectively appointed to serve.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the estates requisiteQualifications

for the qualification of the deputy lieutenants and officers of the of deputy lieutenants

militia in the isle of Ely , shall be as follows; a depusy lieutenant and officers

shall be in like manner seised or possessed of a like estate as in Ely.

aforesaid of the yearly value of one hundred and fifty pounds, or

shall be heir apparent of some person who shall be in like manner

seised or poffefsed of a like estate as aforesaid of the yearly value of

three

688 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 90. [1802.

three hundred pounds; acaptain shall be in like manner seised

or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid of the yearly value ofone

hundred pounds, or shall be heir apparent of a person who shall

be in like manner seised or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid of

the yearly value of two hundred pounds, or shall be a younger

fon of some person who shall be or at the time of his death was

in like manner seised or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid of

the yearly value ofthree hundred pounds ; a lieutenant shall be in

like manner seised or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid of the

yearly value of thirty pounds, or shall be possesled of a personal

estate to the amount of six hundred pounds, or shall be son of

some person who shall be or at the time of his death was in like

manner seised or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid of the

yearly value of sixty pounds, or who shall be or at the time of his

death was possessed of a personal estate to the amount of one

thousand two hundred pounds ; an ensign shall be in like

manner seised or poffessed of a like estate as aforesaid of the

yearly value of twenty pounds, or shall be possessed of a personal

estate to the amount ofthree hundred pounds, or shall be the fon

of some person who shall be or at the time of his death was in

like manner seised or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid of the

yearly value ofthirty pounds, or who shall be or at the time of

his death was possessed of a personal estate to the amount of fix

hundred pounds ; of all which estates (except those for the quali-

fications of lieutenants and ensigns ) , one moiety shall be situate

or arising within the said isle of Ely , or some other part of the

county of Cambridge.

Regulations respecting ci-

IX. And be it further enacted, That in all cities and towns

ties and

which are counties within themselves, and have heretofore been

towns that

empowered by law or ancient usage to raise and train a separate

are counties within them-

militia within their several precincts and liberties, and which are

selves.

united with and made part of any county or counties for the

purposes of raising the militia only , the lieutenant of every such

city or town, or where there is no lieutenant appointed , then the

chief magistrate of such city or town shall appoint the deputy

lieutenants within such city or town, and shall also appoint

officers of the militia, whose number and rank shall be propor

tionable to the number of militia menwhich such city or town

shall raise as their quota towards the militia of the county to

which such city or town is united for the purposes aforesaid ; and

all powers and provisions made by this act , with respect to the

counties at large and the militia thereof , and the registering

herein- after directed of the qualifications of deputy lieutenants

and officers, shall take place and be in force with respect to the

said cities and towns, and the militia thereof; and the registering

of the said qualifications, and the value of the respective qualifi-

cations of the deputy lieutenants and officers of the militia of

such cities and towns shall be as follows: every deputy lieu-

tenant shall in like manner be seised or possessed of a like estate

as aforesaid of the yearly value of one hundred and fifty pounds,

or shall be poffefsed of a personal estate alone, or seised or poffefsed

of

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo fecundoGEORGII III. C. 90. 689

of real and personal estate together to the amount or value of

three thousand pounds; and every field officer shall respectively

be in like manner seised or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid of

theyearly value of three hundred pounds, or shall be poffefsed of

apersonal estate alone, or seised or possessed of real and personal

estate together to the amount or value of five thousand pounds ;

and the qualification of a captain shall be a like estate as aforesaid

of the yearly value of one hundred and fifty pounds, in manors,

messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or personal estate

alone, or real and personal estate together, to the amount or

value of two thousand five hundred pounds ; and the qualification

of a lieutenant shall be a like estate as aforesaid of the yearly

value of thirty pounds, in manors, messuages, lands, tenements,

orhereditaments, or personal estate alone, to the amount or value

ofleven hundred and fifty pounds; and the qualification of an

ensign shall be a like estate as aforesaid of the yearly value of

twenty pounds, in manors, messuages, lands, tenements , or here-

ditaments, or personal estate alone, to the amount or value of

four hundred pounds; of all which estates respectively (except

those for the qualifications of lieutenants and ensigns), one

moiety shall be situate or arising within such city or town, or

within the county to which such city or town is united for the

purposes aforesaid.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Leases for

immediate reversion or remainder of and in manors, messuages, lives of 3001.

lands, tenements , or hereditaments, which are leased for one life, per ann. to be

deemed equal

or for two or three lives, or for any term of years determinable to a qualifica-

upon the death of one life, or of two or three lives, on reserved tion herein-

rents, and which are to the lessee or lessees of the clear yearly before requir-

value of three hundred pounds, shall be deemed equal to an estate ed of rool. per

ann. and fo

herein-before required as a qualification of the yearly value ofproportion-

one hundred pounds, and so in proportion to the several other ally.

qualifications required by this act.

XI. And be it further enacted, That a person possessed in lawEstates grant-

ed for 20

or equity, for his own use and benefit in possession, of an estate years, of an

for a certain term originally granted for twenty years or more, annual value

of an annual value (over and above all rents and charges payable equal to the

out of or in respect of the fame), equal to the value of such an value of ef-

estate as is required for the qualification of a

tates required

deputy lieutenant for qualifica-

and a commissioned officer of the militia respectively, and situate tions shall be

as aforesaid, shall be and is hereby deemed and declared to be sufficient.

sufficiently qualified to act in the execution of this act.

XII. And be it further enacted, That no person shall here- No deputy

after be appointed to be deputy lieutenant of any county, riding, lieutenant, or

or

place , be appointed to a

higher rank in

the militia than any officer

or superior to a

that of lieutenant, until he shall have delivered in to the clerk offubaltern, to

the peace of the county, riding, or place, for which he shall be be appointed,

appointed, or (in the absence of the clerk of the peace ) to his till his quali-

deputy, a specifick description in writing signed by himself , of hisfication be delivered to the

qualification, stating the parish or parishes in which the estate or clerk of the

estates which form his qualification is or are situate; and the peace, who

VOL. XLIII. YY clerk

690 Anno regni quadragesimo fecundoGEORGII III . C. 90. [1802.

shall transmit clerk of the peace or his deputy shall transmit to the lieutenant

acopy to the of the county, riding, or place, a copy of such description ; and

county lieu-

tenant. no commission granted after the passing of this act, for a higher

rank in the militia than that of lieutenant, shall be valid , unless

it be declared in the commission that the officer to whom the

commission is given hath delivered in his qualification as

Clerk of the above directed .

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the clerk of the peace

peace to enter qualifications of every county, riding, and place , shall, andhe is hereby required

upon a roll, to enter the qualifications transmitted to him, according to the

and to insert directions of this act, upon a roll to be provided and kept for

in the London that purpose , and to cause tobe inserted in The London Gazette

Gazette dates

of commif- the dates of the commissions, and names and rank of the officers ,

fions,&c.

together with the names of the officers in whose room they are

and to tranf-

appointed, in like manner as commissions in the army are pub-

mit every

lished from the war office ; and he is hereby authorised to charge

January to

the secretary

the expence of such insertion in the Gazette for each commission

offtate an

account of to the treasurer of the county , riding, or place, who is hereby

directed to pay the same; and the said clerk of the peace or his

qualifications deputy shall, in the month of January in every year, transmit to

to be laidbe-

fore parlia-

one of his Majesty's principal secretaries of state a complete

ment.

account of the qualifications so left with him , and the secretary of

state receiving such accounts thall cause copies thereof to be

Deputy lieu- annually laid before both houses of parliament; and every deputy

tenants and

officers to

lieutenant and commissioned officer, not having already taken

take the

and subscribed the oaths, and made, repeated, and subscribed the

oaths, &c .

within fix

declaration, as required by this act, shall, at some general

quarter session of the peace, or in one of his Majesty's courts

months after

of record at Westminster , within six months after he shall have

appointment. accepted his commission, take the oaths appointed to be taken

by an act, passed in the first year of the reign of his majesty

King George the First, intituled , An alt for the further security of

bis Majesty's person ard government, and the succession of the crown

in the heirs of the late princess Sophia, being Protestants ; and for

extinguishing the hopes of the pretended prince of Wales, and his open

andfecret abettors ; and also by an act passed in the thirty- sixth year

of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An actfor altering

the oath ofabjuration, and the assurance , and for amendingso much of

an act of the seventh year ofher late majesty Queen Anne, intituled ,

An altfor the improvement of theunion of the two kingdoms, as, after

the time therein limited, requires the delivery of certain lifts and copies

therein mentioned , to persons indicted of high treason or misprision of

treason ; and shall also make, repeat , and subscribe the declaration

in the said act of the first year of King George the First, directed

to be made, repeated, and subscribed, by all officers civil and

military.

Penalty on

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall

who are

persons acting execute any of the powers hereby directed to be executed by de-

unqualified , puty lieutenants, colonels, lieutenant colonels, or majors, not

or who have being qualified as aforesaid, or without having delivered in such

not delivered specifick description of his qualification as is herein -before re-

in their quali fications . quired,

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 90. 691

quired, every such person shall forfeit and pay the sum of two

hundred pounds; and if any person shall execute any of the pow-

ers hereby directed to be executed by captains, not being qualified

as aforesaid, or without having delivered in such specifick description of his qualification as is herein-before required, every such

person shall forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds, one

moiety whereof shall go to the use of the person who shall fue for

the same; and in every action, suit, or information, brought

against any person for acting as deputy lieutenant, colonel, lieu-

tenant colonel, major , or captain , not being qualified as herein-

before directed, the proof of his qualification shall lie upon the

person against whom the fame is brought: provided always, that Peers, or their

nothing in this act contained shall restrain or prevent any peer ofheirs apparent,

mayact,

the realm, or heir apparent of any such peer, from being appointed though not

or acting as a deputy lieutenant, or a commissioned officer in the possessed of

militia, within the county, riding, or place, wherein such peer, or qualifications.

heir apparent of such peer, shall have some place of residence, al-

though he maynot have the qualification herein- before required ;

or to oblige any peer of this realm , or heir apparent of such peer,

who shall be appointed a deputy lieutenant, or commissioned of-

ficer as aforesaid, to leave with the clerk of the peace for the

county, riding, or place, for which he shall be appointed, any

qualification, in writing as aforesaid. Majors now

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any serving, quali-

person now serving as major of the militia who shall be possessed fied to act un-

of the qualification required by the laws in force before the der former

passing of his act, shall and may continue to hold a commission of acts, mayhold

their commif-

major in the militia to be raised by virtue of this act ; any thing fions in the

herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

militia.

XVI. Provided also , and be it further enacted, That every Lieutenant-

lieutenant colonel or major in the militia duly qualified as afore- colonels or

said , and commissioned under any of the acts herein-before recited, majors now

serving, who,

and now actually serving, and who, in consequence of the reduc- in confe-

tion of the establishment of the regiment, battalion or corps in quence ofre-

1which he is serving, will no longer retain his commission, and any duction, will

officer in the militia duly qualified as aforesaid, who in confe- not retain

their commif-

quence of the augmentation of the militia forces herein-after fions, and

provided, may hereafter be promoted to the commission of lieu- officers who

tenant colonel or major, and may by any subsequent reduction ofmayhereafter

that augmentation no longer retain such commission, thall and be promoted

tothoseranks,

may continue to rank respectively in the general militia service, and afterwards

according to the date of his commission or appointment in the reduced, shall

militia so vacated as aforesaid ; provided that nothing herein con- hold their retained shall extend to give any such lieutenant colonel

or major spective ranks

in the general

any regimental rank.

militia service.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That his Majesty , his heirs

and successors, may from time to time, as he and they shall think

His Majesty maydirect

fit, signifyhis and their pleasure to his and their lieutenant of any county -lieu-

county , riding, or place, to displace all or any deputy lieutenants tenants todif-

and officers in the militia, and thereupon his Majesty's respective place deputy

lieutenants or

lieutenants shall forthwith displace such deputy lieutenants or officers .

YY2

officers ,

692 Anno regni quadragesimo fecundoGEORGII III. C. 90. [1802.

officers, and appoint others within the same county , riding, or

place, with the like qualifications, and under and subject to the

like provisions and restrictions, to serve in their stead.

County lieu-

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the lieutenant of every

tenants and

county, riding, and place, shall from time to time appoint a clerk

deputies to

appoint clerks

of the general meetings to be holden as herein- after directed, and

of their meet- may displace such clerk if he shall think fit , and appoint another

ings.

in his room; and the deputy lieutenants within their respective

subdivisions, or the major part of those present at any subdivision

meeting, shall also from time to time appoint a clerk for their

subdivisions, and may displace such clerk if they, or the major

part of them, shall think fit, and appoint another in his room .

Numbers of

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the number of private

privatemen

tobe as herein

men to be raised by virtue of this act, shall be as follows; (that

specified.

is to say) , for the county ofBedford three hundred and seventeen ;

for the county of Berks five hundred and sixty-one; for the coun-

ty of Bucks five hundred and ninety-nine; for the county ofCam-

bridge four hundred and eighty- one; for the county of Chester,

with the city and county of the city of Chester, eight hundred and

eighty- five ; for the county of Cornwall six hundred and forty-

seven; for the county of Cumberland six hundred and fifteen ; for

the county ofDerby nine hundred and thirty-nine ; for the coun-

ty of Devon, with the city and county of the city of Exeter, one

thousand five hundred and twelve; for the county of Dorset, with

the town and county of the town of Pool , four hundred and eleven ;

for the county of Durham four hundred and ninety- two ; for the

county of Essex one thousand two hundred and forty-four; for

the county of Gloucester, with the city and county of the city of

Gloucester and the city and county of the city of Bristol, one thou-

fand one hundred and sixty -three, for the county of Hereford

five hundred and twenty ; for the county of Hertford four hundred and eighty; for the county of Huntingdon one hundred and

fifty-nine; for the county of Kent, with the city and county of

the city of Canterbury, one thousand two hundred and ninety-

fix ; for the county of Lancaster two thousand four hundred and

thirty-nine; for the county of Leicester six hundred and forty-

three; for the county of Lincoln, with the city and county of the

city of Lincoln, one thousand three hundred and sixty -eight; for

the county of Middlesex (exclusive of the tower division, commonly called The Tower Hamlets)three thousand and thirty-eight ;

for the county of Monmouth two hundred and eighty; for the

county of Norfolk, with the city and county of the city ofNor-

with, one thousand two hundred and nine ; for the county of

Northampton seven hundred and twenty-four ; for the county of

Northumberland, with the town and county of the town of New-

castle-upon Tyne, and the town ofBerwick- upon- Tweed , six hundred

and forty- nine ; for the county of Nottingham, with the town and

county of the town of Nottingham, five hundred and sixty- four ;

for the county of Oxford tix hundred and three ; for the county of

Rutlandeighty- three ; for the county of Salop nine hundred and

ninety- one; for the county of Somerset one thousand five hundred and

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III.C.90 . 693

and fifty-six ; for the county of Southampton, with the town and

county of the town of Southampton, eight hundred and fifty ; for

the county of Stafford , with the city and county of the city of

Lichfield , one thousand one hundred and thirty-three , for the

county of Suffolk one thousand and forty- two ; for the county of

Surreyone thousand three hundred and thirty - fix; for the county

of Sussex eight hundred and three ; for the county of Warwick,

with the city and county of the city of Coventry , eight hundred

and fifty- three ; for the county of Westmorland two hundred and

forty-three, for the county of Worcester, with the city and county

of the city of Worcester, six hundred and sixteen; for the county

of Wilts nine hundred and seventeen ; for the west riding of the

county of York, with the city and county of the city of York, two

thousand four hundred and twenty-nine ; for the north riding of

the said county nine hundred and eleven ; and for the east riding

of the said county, with the town and county of the town of

Kingston- upon-Hull , five hundred and sixty- four; for the county

of Anglesea one hundred and twenty-eight ; for the county of

Brecknock two hundred and four ; for the county of Cardigan two

hundred and forty-four; for the county of Carmarthen, with the

county borough of Carmarthen, four hundred and five ; for the

county of Carnarvon one hundred and twenty-eight ; for the

county of Denbigh three hundred and forty- four; for the county

of Flint two hundred and one; for the county ofGlamorgan four

hundred and three ; for the county of Merioneth one hundred and

twenty-one ; for the county of Montgomery two hundred and

seventy -nine; for the county of Pembroke , with the town and

county of the town of Haverfordwest, two hundred and one ; and

for the county of Radnor one hundred and forty.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the numbers of private Numbers of

militia men, herein-before appointed to serve for the several privatemen

counties, ridings, and places aforesaid, shall continue to be and hereby ap-

remain the respective quotas of the several and respective counties, pointed to

continue the

ridings, and places aforesaid, until the twenty- fifth day of June quotas until

one thousand eight hundred and five, and from thence until other June 25, 1805 ,

quotas shall be settled, ascertained, and appointed, by his Majesty's and the num-

bersthereafter

privy council, in manner herein- after directed; and the several appointed by

and respective quotas that thall at or after the expiration of the the privy

said first mentioned period, and also from time to time at or after council to

the expiration of every fuccessive ten years after such period , be continue the

quotas until

fettled , ascertained, and appointed, by his Majesty's privy coun- others shall be

cil under the provisions of this act, shall, from the appointment fettled .

thereof , continue to be and remain the respective quotas of the

several and respective counties, ridings, and places aforesaid, for

which any such subsequent quotas shall have been appointed,

until other quotas shall be fettled, ascertained , and appointed

under this act.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That general meetings of the Regulations

lieutenancy of every county, riding, and place, shall be holden in for holding

some principal town of every such county , riding, and place, and general meet.

such general meetings shall consist of the lieutenant, together with ings of lieu-

YY3 twotenancy.

694 Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. c. 90. [1802.

two deputy lieutenants at the least, or on the death or removal,

or in the absence of the lieutenant , then of three deputy lieu-

tenants at the least of every county , riding, and place respectively ;

and one such general meeting shall be holden within every county,

riding and place annually, upon the last Tuesday which shall happen

before the tenth day of October in every year, or earlier if occasion

shall require, and the lieutenant, together with any two deputy

lieutenants, or (on the death or removal or in the absence of the

lieutenant), any three deputy lieutenants of any county , riding,

or place, when and as often as they shall find necessary for carry-

ing the purposes of this act duly and fully into execution, may

summon or cause to be summoned other general meetings of the

lieutenancy, on any days to be fixed by such summons, of which

days and the places ofholding such meetings respectively, notice

shall be given in The London Gazette; and also in any weekly

newspaper usually circulated in such county, riding, or place ,

fourteen days at the least before the days appointed for holding

such meetings respectively; and the lieutenant , together with any

two deputy lieutenants, or (on the death or removal or in the

absence of the lieutenant) any three deputy lieutenants of any

county, riding, or place, are hereby authorised to charge the expence of such notices, and also ofall such notices that may have

been given under any act or acts relating to the militia, that may

remain undischarged, to the treasurer of the county, riding, or

place, who is hereby directed to pay the same ; and in cafe any

annual or other general meeting shall not be attended by the

lieutenant and two deputy lieutenants, or by three deputy lieu-

tenants, as herein-before required, the lieutenant or any one

deputy lieutenant who shall attend at such meeting, shall and may

adjourn the same to any other time, and to any place within such

county, riding, or place; and in case no deputy lieutenant shall

attend at the time and place appointed for the next meeting, then

the clerk of the general meetings, or his deputy , shall adjourn

such meeting to any other time, to be holden at the same place.

Subdivision

XXII. And be it further enacted, That meetings of the deputy

meetings to

lieutenants, within the subdivisions of their respective countics,

consist of two ridings, and places, shall be holden as herein - after directed, which

deputy lieu-

tenants at the subdivision meetings shall consist of two deputy lieutenants at the

least, or one

least: provided always, that , at any subdivision meeting appointed

deputy and a

according to the directions of this act , where two deputy lieu-

Sultice of the

peace .

tenants do not attend, it ( hall be lawful for any onedeputy lieu-

tenant, together with any one justice of the peace of the county,

riding, or place, within which such subdivision lies , to do all acts,

matters, and things which are by this act directed to be done by

deputy lieutenants at their respective subdivision meetings ; and

all such acts, matters, and things so done by any such deputy

lieutenant andjustice of the peace, shall be as good, valid, and

effectual in the law, to all intents and purposes, as if they had

been done by two deputy lieutenants of such county, riding, or

place; any thing in this act to the contrary hereof notwithstanding.

XXIII. And

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 90. 695

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the respective clerks Clerk togive

notice of fub-

of the subdivision meetings, shall as soon as conveniently may dienmet

be , after any such subdivision meeting shall have been appointed, ings to the

give notice in writing of the time and place of meeting to such ofdeputy lieu-

the deputy lieutenants who thall be resident within such subdivi- tenants, and

fion , as he conveniently can, and also to the commanding officer also to the

of the regiment, battalion, or corps, if on actual service, ( ifofficer , commanding and an

or

not on actual service ) to the colonel or other commandant thereof , account

of the

or (in case of his absence from Great Britain) to the next com- days for re-

manding officer within Great Britain, by notice addressed to the ceiving lifts ,

ballotting,

adjutant , and an account of the several days fixed for receiving and inrolling,

lifts , and for ballotting and for inrolling the militia men within &c .

such subdivision ; and shall, as soon as the militia men are inrol-

led, likewise transmit to the colonel or other commandant, or to

the commanding officer as aforesaid, in manner aforesaid, a lift,

specifying the names, trades, and usual places of abode, ofall such

militia men as are inrolled ; and where there are substitutes, the

names, trades, and places of abode, of the persons in the room of

whom such fubstitutes were inrolled .

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if it shall happen When two

that there shall not appear at any subdivision meeting two deputy deputy lieu-

lieutenants, or one deputy lieutenant and onejustice of the peace , tenants , a

or

the clerk of such meeting shall , by notice to be given in writing justice, do not

to all the deputy lieutenants within such subdivision, or left at attend, an-

their respective places of abode, appoint another meeting to be other meeting

held within fourteen days, at the same place where such meeting ed by notice

tobe appoint-

was to have been holden, such notice being given five days at from the clerk.

the least previous to such meeting.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the lieutenant and Generalmeet-

deputy lieutenants, or the deputy lieutenants, at every annual , or ing to appoint subdivision

at some other general meeting, to be holden as herein-beforemeetings, and

directed, shall appoint the first meetings of the deputy lieutenants to require

within the several subdivisions of their respective counties, ridings, chiet confta-

and places, which said first meetings shall be appointed to be held bles, &c. to

order a return

as early after the tenth day of October in every year as con- to be made to

veniently may be, or at such other time as may be most expedient three deputy

for carrying the purposes of this act fully and duly into execution ; lieutenants of

and the said lieutenant and deputy lieutenants, or the said deputy menagesof

between

lieutenants may, if they judge needful, appoint the time andplace and45.

for a second general meeting, and shall issue out their orders to

the chief constables ; and where there is no chief constable, to

some other officer of the several hundreds, rapes, lathes, wapen-

takes, or other divisions within their respective counties, ridings,

and places, requiring every such chief constable or other officer

as aforesaid , to issue an order under his hand to all constables,

tythingmen, headboroughs, or other officers of every parish ,

tything, or place, within their respective hundreds, rapes , lathes,

wapentakes, or other divisions, to return to the deputy lieutenants

within their respective subdivisions, at the places and on the days

appointed at the first general meeting in every year, fair and true

lifts in writing, inmanner by this act directed, of the names of all

YY4

696 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 90. [1802.

all the menusually and at that time dwelling within the respective

parishes, tythings, and places, for which they shall respectively

act under the provisions and in the execution of his act, between

the ages of eighteen and forty- five years .

Constables,

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the several constables,

&c. to give

noticein the tythingmen, headboroughs, and other officers and persons required

forminthe

to return lifts of persons fit and liable to serve in the militia , shall,

annexed sche- within fourteen days after any such returns shall be required ,

dule ( A), to give or leave notice in writing, in the form in the schedule to

&c. pro- housekeepers, this act annexed, marked ( A) ;

to or for every occupier of every

duce lifts con- dwelling house where any person shall reside, within the limits

tainingcertain of the places for which they act, as such constables or other

particulars . officers as aforesaid in the execution of this act , or any of

the provisions thereof , at his or her dwelling house, or where

such dwelling house shall be divided into different stories or

apartments, and occupied distinctly by several persons, then

to or for the occupier of each distinct story or apartment, to

prepare or produce, within fourteen days next ensuing the day

ofgiving such notice, a list in writing , to the best of his or her

belief , of the christian and furname of each and every man refi-

dent in such dwelling house, or distinct story or apartment ,

between the ages of eighteen and forty- five, distinguishing every

person in such dwelling house, or distinct story or apartment, of .

such age as aforesaid, claiming to be exempt from serving in the

militia, together with the ground of every such claim ofexemp-

tion ; and every such notice shall mention the day, time, and

place appointed for hearing appeals within such subdivision, by

persons claiming to be exempt from serving in the militia ; and

every such occupier shall, after such notice so given or left , make

out such lift, and sign the fame with his or her own name, and

shalldeliver the fame, or cause the same to be delivered , to such

Penalty of 51 .

constable, or other officer or person as aforesaid; and if any

for not duly deliveringlifts,

occupier shall neglect or refuse to make out, sign, and deliver

such lift as aforesaid, within the time before limited, or shall omit

or making

any person who ought to have been included therein in pursuance

false returns .

of this act, or knowingly make any false return of any particular

required therein, every such occupier shall, for every such offense ,

Occupiersbe-

forfeit and pay a fum not exceeding the fum of five pounds .

ingQuakers to XXVII. And be it further enacted, That in every cafe where

produce certi- any notice shall be served upon any occupier being one of the

ficates, ac. people called Quakers, such occupier shall, within seven days after

knowledging the service of such notice, produce to the constable or other officer,

to of

thatperfuafion , a certificate under the hands of two or more reputable house .

andinfuchca- keepers being of the people called Quakers, acknowledging such

fes theconfta- person to be one of their persuasion; and that in all such cafes,

bles, &c. shall such constables or other officers are hereby required to make re-

make returns

of persons lia- turns of the persons liable to serve in the militia, resident in the

ble to serve in houses, stories, or apartments of such occupiers so certified to be

such houses as of the people called Quakers, in the same manner as is directed

where returns by this act in cafes where returns are not made to such notices

are not made

tonotices.

as aforesaid .

Constables,

&c. to make

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the constables, tythingmen ,

: 1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III . C. 90. 697

tythingmen , headboroughs, or other officers of every parish, out yearly

tything, or place, shall , within one month after having delivered lifts , accord-

ing to the

i

such notices as aforesaid, make out in every year a fair and true form in

list in writing, according to the form in the schedule to this act the schedule

annexed, marked B., of the names of all the men usually and at B. , of the

that time dwelling within the respective parishes, tythings, and names ofmen

between the

places, for which they shall respectively act in the execution of ages of 18

the provisions of this act, between the ages of eighteen and and 45 within

forty- five years, as well of those who have not made any return their respec-

or been returned in pursuance of such notices as aforesaid, as tive districts, distinguishing

of those who shall have made such returns or been returned in their rank,

pursuance thereof , distinguishing their respective ranks and oc- occupations,

cupations, and those who have made returns to such notices &c. and to

from those who have neglected to make such returns (and affix a copy

on the church

where the true names of such persons cannot be procured, the door, with

common appellation of such person shall be sufficient), and if- notice of the

tinguishing which of the persons fo returned labour under any meeting for

infirmity likely to incapacitate them from serving as militia hearingap-

men, and which of them claim to be exempt from serving inpeals.

the militia, and on what account, and shall affix a true copy of

every such lift on the door of the church or chapel belonging to

every such parith, tything, or place, or (if any place shall have

no church or chapel belonging thereto) on the door of the

church or chapel of some parith or place thereto adjoining, some

one Sunday morning before they shall make the return to the

deputy lieutenants as directed by this act, which Sunday shall be

three days at least before the meeting of deputy lieutenants at

which such return is to be made, and alío notice in writing at

the bottom of the said copy of such lift, of the day and hour

and place of meeting for hearing appeals under the act ; and

that all persons who thall think themselves aggrieved may then

appeal, and that no appeal will be afterwards received ; and ( hall Copies of

lifts to be

afterwards make a return of such lift as aforesaid, or a true and returned to

and exact copy thereof , to the deputy lieutenants of the fub- thedeputy

division.

lieutenants .

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any person, Persons ag-

whose name shall be inserted in any lift in pursuance of this act, grieved may

appeal to the

shall think himself aggrieved thereby, or by the omission of any subdivision

other name or names, or thall claim to be exempted from ferv- meetings,

ing in the militia, it shall be lawful for such person, and he is and the de-

hereby required to appeal to the subdivision meeting appointed termination

thereat to be

to be held for hearing such appeals ; and any two or more offinal.

the said deputy lieutenants are hereby empowered and required

to hear and determine all such appeals , and if the fame cannot

be heard on the day first appointed, to adjourn to any other day

or days ; and the determination of any two deputy lieutenants,

if only two are then and there assembled, or of the major part

of them, if more than two are assembled, shall be final to all

intents and purposes ; and no appeal shall be afterwards heard

or allowed, or any exemption whatever claimed or admitted,

by or on behalf of any person or persons whatever.

XXX. And

698 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGIIIII. c. 90. [ 1802 .

Constables,

XXX. And be it further enacted, That, on thedays and at the

&c. to at-

tend and to

places so respectively appointed as aforesaid for the returns of

verify lifts on the lifts, the constables, tythingmen, headboroughs, or other

oath ,and the officers respectively, shall attend and verify the said returns

deputy lieu- upon oath, and the said deputy lieutenants, or any two or more

tenants to of them, assembled in their respective subdivisions, shall, after

amend lifts

and to appoint hearing any appeals or claims of exemption, direct such lifts to

second meet- be amended as the case shall require, and shall also dire & the

ings, and shall names of all persons by this act respectively exempted from

return to the serving in the militia, to be struck out , and the names of any

clerk of the

general persons that shall have been omitted to be inserted; and after

meeting cer- amending the said lifts according to this act, shall appoint the

tificates in thetimes and places for their second ineetings within their respec-

form in the

tive subdivisions, and thall return ,to the clerk of the general

Schedule C.

meetings, for the use of the said general meetings, certificates

under their hands, in the form in the schedule to this act an-

nexed, marked (C.), of the number of men in each parish ,

tything, or place , between the ages of eighteen and forty-five

years, distinguishing the number of men liable to serve, and

also the number of men exempt from serving , in each parish,

tything , or place within the subdivision; and the same shall be

filed by the clerk for the use of the general meetings .

Penaltyofsol, XXXI. And be it further enacted, That any person who

onpersons for shall by gratuity, gift, or reward, or by promise thereof , or by

endeavouring any indemnification, or by menaces or otherwise, endeavour to

toprevail on

constables, prevail on any chief constable, constable, tythingman, head-

&c. to make borough, or other officer, to make a false return of any lift for

false returns, any parish, tything, or place, or to erase or leave out of any

andof rol. for such lift the name of any person who ought to be returned to

refuting to tell

their names, serve as a militia mari, every such person shall , for every such

or the names offence , forfeit and pay the fum of fifty pounds; and if any

of lodgers,

person shall refuse to tell his christian and furname, or shall

falsely tell a christian or furname, pretending the same to be

his true christian or furname , or shall refuse to tell the christian

or furname of any man lodging or residing within his or her

house, or shall knowingly tell any false name, pretending it to

be the true name of any such person, to any constable, tything-

man, or other officer authorised by this act to demand the same,

every such person shall forfeit and pay the fum of ten pounds.

Deputy lieu-

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawfu!

tenants may

issue orders

for the deputy lieutenants within any subdivision, or any two

for the at- tendance of constables,

or more of them, from time to time, to issue their order or

warrant under their hands and seals, requiring the attendance

of the constable, tythingman, headborough, or other officer of

&c. , and if

any parim , tything, or place within such subdivision, at such

any shall peglect to ap-

time and place as in such order or warrant shall be expressed ;

pear , or any

and if any such constable, tythingman, headborough, or other

chief con-

officer, shall refuse or neglect to appear according to such order

stable, &c. to

return lifts, or or warrant, or if any chief constable or other officer of any

shall be guilty hundred, rape, lathe, wapentake, or other division, or any

of fraud, constable, tythingman, headborough, or other officer of any

partiality, or

parish ,

: 1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 90. 699

parish, tything , or place, shall refuse or neglect to return any neglect, he

such lift as before directed , or to comply with such orders and shall becom-

directions as he shall from time to time receive from the said

mitted to

gaol, or may

deputy lieutenants, or any two or more of them, in pursuance be fined.

of this act, or shall, in making such return, be guilty of any

fraud or wilful partiality , or gross neglect in his duty , the said

deputy lieutenants, or any two or more of them, are hereby

empowered and required to commit the person so offending to

the common goal, there to be kept without bail or mainprize

for the space of one month, or at their discretion, to fine such

person in any fum not exceeding twenty pounds , nor less than

i

forty shillings. XXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That

if any chief or other constable, headborough, tythingman, ormayapp

Two justices appoint deputies to

overseer , shall be of the people called Quakers , (and certified to Quakers for

be so by two persons of the people called Quakers), and shall carrying this

neglect or refuse to perform the duties required by this act, it act into exe-

shall be lawful for any two justices of the peace acting for the cution.

division within which such Quaker shall be such officer as aforesaid, and they are hereby required, in all cases where the cir-

cumstances of the case shall, in their judgement render it expedient and necessary for the due execution of the provisions of

this act , by their order , under their hands and seals, to appoint

a fit and proper person to be deputy to such Quaker, for the

purpose only of carrying this act into execution ; and every

person so appointed deputy as aforesaid , shall have and exercise

all the powers, authorities, and jurisdictions given by this act to

such officer for whom he shall so act , and shall do and perform all the like duties and offices under the like pains, penalties ,

and forfeitures as are hereby imposed for neglect of duty of any

such officer as aforesaid , in like manner in every respect as the

person for whom he shall so act ; and where an appointment of

any deputy shall be so made, the principal chief constable,

headborough, tythingman, or overseer ( being one of the people

called Quakers) , shall be, and he is hereby discharged from the

performance of any duty required of him by this act , and from

all penalties incurred for neglect thereof after the time of such

appointment.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful Two or more

for the deputy lieutenants at their subdivision meetings, to add places and

lifts for them

together, whenever they shall think it necessary, any two or may be added

more parishes or tythings, or to add any parochial place or together, and

places to any parish or parishes, tything or tythings adjoining the con-

thereto, for the purposes of this act ; and also to add together stables, &c.

the lifts of such parishes, tythings and places aforesaid, so as to shall act to-

make the choice of militia men by ballot within every such gether as if

they were the

subdivision as equal and impartial as possible; and where any officers of

parishes, tythings, and places so added together shall lie in the fame

different hundreds, rapes, lathes, warpentakes, or other divi- parim, and

shall meet insions within the same county, riding, or place, to direct in what the parish

hundred, tirst named in

700 Annoregni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 90. [ 1802.

theorderof hundred, rape, lathe, wapentake, or other division , the same

thedeputy lieutenants . shall be considered for the purposes of this act ; and the said

deputy lieutenants shall proceed upon the lifts so added toge-

ther, in like manner as if they had been originally returned for

one parith, or for the parish to which any extra- parochial plaçe

shall have been added as aforesaid ; and the constables, tything-

men, headboroughs, or other officers of parithes, tythings,

and places so added together, shall act together in the execution of his act, as if they were respectively officers of one and

the same parith or tything ; and all such constables, tything-

men, headboroughs, and officers so as aforesaid acting together

by virtue of this act, shall hold their meetings under this act in

the parish or tything which shall be named first in such order

Deputy lieu of deputy lieutenants ; and if any difference or disagreement

tenants to

shall arise between the officers of any parish , tything , or place,

hear and de-

termine dif-

or between the officers of different parishes or tythings , touch-

agreements between

ing the execution of this act, the deputy lieutenants acting

in and for the subdivision where such difference or disagree-

parish officers . ment shall happen, shall at any subdivision meeting, and are

hereby authorised to hear and determine the fame, and make

such order therein for the better execution of this act, as to

them shall seem meet; and such orders shall be final and

conclusive.

Act to extend

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That the several clauses,

to extra- paro-

chial places provisions, regulations, penalties, forfeitures, matters, and

added to

things in this act contained, shall be construed to extend to

parithes ; and every extra- parochial place added to any parish or tything for

whereno con- the purposes of this act, as fully as if the said directions and

stables or

overseers in provisions had severally and respectively been expressly applied

suchplaces to extra parochial places, and where there shall be any extra-

areappointed, parochial place or other place, wherein no constables, tything-

the officers of

men, headboroughs, or overseers of the poor have been or are

theparith

may act.

appointed , or act, the respective constables, tythingmen, head-

boroughs, or overseers of the poor of the parish or parishes,

or tything or tythings respectively, to which such extra paro-

chial or other place shall have been added by the deputy

lieutenants as aforesaid, may and shall act as constables, tything-

men, headboroughs, or overseers of the poor respectively for

such extra- parochial or other place in the execution of this act,

and may and thall do, perform, and execute all such acts, mat-

ters, and things therein, relating to the execution of this act,

as fully and amply, and with all such and the like powers in

every respect , as if such extra-parochial or other place was

Rates made

within and made part of such parish or tything : provided

for any parish parith or

always, that if any rate or rates thall be to be made for any

andextra-pa- parishes , or tything or tythings, and any such extra-

rochial place parochial or other place jointly, such rate or rates thall be

jointly tobe distinctly made for the purpose of this act, and for no other

distinctly made for the purpose whatever: provided also, that every such separate rate

purpose of

shall and may be made, raised, and levied, as well in such

this act, and extra-

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III . C. 90. 701

extra-parochial or other place, as in any such parish or tything shall be levied

aforesaid, in like manner as any rate made for the relief of the as the poor

poor. rates.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted , That the clerks of all If clerks of

subdivision meetings shall, within fourteen days after every fub- subdivilion meetings do

division meeting, transmit to the clerk of the general meetings not transmit

of the county, riding, or place , fair and true copies of such to the clerk

rolls as shall be signed at such subdivision meeting: and if any of the general

such clerk shall omit or neglect to make such return as aforesaid meetings copiesofrolls ,

within such period as aforesaid , or shall knowingly or wilfully or thall make

make any false return, such clerk shall forfeit and pay , for false returns,

every such offence, the sum of twenty pounds. they shallfor-

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the clerks to

feit 201 .

the general meetings of lieutenancy in the several counties, Clerks to general meet-

ridings, and places required to raise militia under this act, shall ings failing to

and they are hereby required to transmit to his Majesty's privy transmit to

council annually, as soon after the returns of men shall have the privy

been made to the general meetings as the fame can be done, council an-

nual returns

accurate returns in the form in the schedule in this act an in the form in

nexed, marked D., of the number of persons between the ages schedule D.,

of eighteen and forty-five, distinguishing the number fit_and of the num-

liable to serve in the militia for the counties, ridings, and ber of persons

places to which they respectively belong, and also the number between the

ages of 18

therein exempt from serving ; and if any such clerk shall omit and45, &c.or

or neglect to make such return to the privy council within one making false

month after the general meeting of lieutenancy of the county, returns, to

riding or place to which he shall belong, at which the returns

forfeit 1ool .

of men shall have been laid before such meeting, or shall know-

ingly or wilfully make any false return, such clerk shall

forfeit and pay for every such offence, the fum of one hundred

pounds.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful The privy council ,by

for his Majesty's privy council, and they are hereby required, on June 25, 1805,

or before the twenty -fifth day of June one thousand eight hundred and after-

and five, and afterwards from time to time at the expiration ofwards every

every succeeding period of ten years as aforesaid, to take into to years to

consideration the number of men fit and liable to serve in the fix the quota

of men to

militia in each county, riding, and place required by this act serve for each

to raise militia, and forthwith to ascertain, fettle, and fix the place, and to

number of militia men who shall , for the next succeeding ten transmit the

numbers to

years, serve for each county , riding , and place aforesaid, as the county

near as may be by the proportion that the number of men fit lieutenants,

and liable to serve in each county, riding, and place , shall bear and publish

to the whole number of militia men by this act directed to be the fame in

the London

raised, and small thereupon transmit the numbers so fixed and Gazette.

settled as aforesaid, to the respective lieutenants of the counties,

ridings, and places aforesaid, and shall cause notice of the same

tobe thrice printed in the London Gazette.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That where the num- Where the

ber of militia number fixed

men

so fixed and settled for any county, riding, shall begreater

or place, shall be greater than the former quota of such county , than the for-

riding, mer quota,

702 Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. c. 90. [ 1802.

the general riding , or place, then and in every such cafe, the lieutenant for

appointwhat such county , riding, or place, together with any two or more

number thall deputy lieutenants , and on the death or removal or in the

be chosen for absence of the said lieutenant, anythree or more deputy lieu-

each division ; tenants shall, at a general meeting to be holden for that purpose , appoint what number of militia men shall serve for each

respective hundred, rape, lathe, wapentake, or other division

within such county, riding, or place , and the additional number

ofmilitia men to make up the whole number so fixed and fet-

tled as aforesaid shall be provided or chosen in the fame man-

ner as other militia men are by this act to be provided or

chosen ; and all the additional men so provided or chosen as

aforesaid, or their fubstitutes, and also all volunteers, shall take

the oath by this act required to be taken, and shall be enrolled,

or sign their consent to serve in the militia, in such manner as

is directed by this act , and in case of refusal, shall be subject to

the same penalties as in like cases are inflicted by this act : pro-

and where the vided always, that where the number of militia men so fixed

number shall and fettled for any county, riding or place as aforesaid shall be

dismiss the

beless, shall less than the former quota of such county , riding, or place,

excessby

then and in every such cafe the said lieutenants, together with

ballot pro- portionally out of each

any two or more deputy lieutenants, or (on the death or

removal, or in the absence of the said lieutenant) any three or

division.

more deputy lieutenants shall, at a general meeting to be held

for that purpose, dismiss to their own homes by ballot , pro-

portionally out of each respective hundred , rape , lathe, wapen-

take, or other division, so many militia men as shall exceed

Mendismissed the number so fixed and settled as aforesaid ; and the several

liable toferve , persons so dismissed as aforesaid, shall remain liable to serve in

and their

name hall

the militia, and shall and are hereby required to join any

be entered in regiment, battalion, or corps of militia serving for the county,

a lift, out

riding or place, from the militia of which they shall have been

of which va- dismissed, whenever called upon so to do, for the purpose of

cancies shall

be filledup by supplying vacancies that may arise in the said militia ; and the

ballot to serve names ofall the persons so dismissed as aforesaid thall be entered

for the re- in a lift ; and the deputy lieutenants shall cause the men necef-

mainder of the fary for supplying any vacancies that may thereafter arise in the

time for

which they militia of such county, riding , or place, to beballotted for out

were engaged of the persons contained in any such lift as aforesaid, while

fit persons can be found to supply such vacancies, and fo from

time to time as occasion shall require , so long as any of the

persons contained in any such lift can be found fit to supply

such vacancies as aforesaid ; and every person so ballotted to

supply such vacancy, who shall not be unfit by reason offickness

or bodily inability , shall serve in the militia of such county ,

riding, or place, upon the conditions and for the remainder of

the time for which such person shall have been engaged to

serve in such militia before he was dismissed as aforesaid; and

whenever and as soon as all persons returned in any such lift

that can be found fit to supply such vacancies as aforesaid, shall

by ballot have supplied such vacancies as aforesaid, then and in

every

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 90. 703

every such case the men necessary for supplying such future

vacancies as may arise in such militia , shall be raised, chosen,

and ballotted for in manner directed by this act.

XL. And be it further enacted, That the lieutenants of General

any county, riding, or place, together with any three or more meetings may

subdivi-

deputy lieutenants , or (on the death or removal, or in the fions and the

absence of any lieutenant) any five or more deputy lieutenants allotment of

may at a general meeting holden as before directed, alter the men in each

appointed subdivisions within such county, riding , or place, if division.

they shall see occasion, and also may alter the established allot-

ment of the number of men in each respective hundred, rape,

lathe , wapentake, or other division , to serve in the militia, to-

wardsraifing the number of militia men by this act , or by his

Majesty's order in council, as the case may be , directed to be

raised for such county, riding, or place , according to the num-

bers contained in the respective certificates received from the

several subdivision meetings .

XLI. And be it further enacted, That the deputy lieutenants At the second

subdivision

assembled at their said second meeting within any subdivision as meeting, the

aforesaid , shall appoint what number of men shall serve for each deputy lieu-

parish, tything, and place within such subdivision , in proportion tenants shall

to the number last appointed, in the manner herein- before appoint the

number of

directed , at a general meeting, to serve for each hundred, rape, mento serve

lathe , wapentake, or other division ; and shall appoint another for each pa-

meeting to be holden within three weeks from the day on rish, &c. and

which such meeting was holden within the same subdivision, shall order

notice to be

and shall issue out an order to the chief constable or other giventhereof ,

officers of the respective hundreds, rapes, lathes, wapentakes, and of the

or other divisions, requiring them to give notice to the con- next meeting,

stable , tythingman, headborough, or other officer of every and thall cau

cause

parish, tything, or place , within their respective hundreds, to be ballotted

rapes, lathes , wapentakes, or other divisions, of the number of for, &c.

men so appointed to serve for such parish, tything, or place,

and of the time and place of the next subdivision meeting; and

the said deputy lieutenants, or any two or more of them, af-

sembled in pursuance of such appointments, shall cause the

number of men appointed to serve as aforesaid to be chosen by

ballot out of the lift returned for very parish, tything, or place

aforesaid, and shall appoint another meeting to be holden within

three weeks in the same subdivision, and thall issue out an order

to the chief constables or other officers of the respective hundreds, rapes, lathes , wapentakes , or other divisions, to direct

the constable, tythingman , headborough, or other officer of

every parish, tything, or place, to give notice to every man fo

chosento serve in the militia, to appear at such meeting, which

notice shall be given or left at his place of abode at least seven

days before such meeting; and such constable, tythingman ,

headborough, or other officer, shall attend such meeting, and

make such return upon oath of the days when such notice was Persons

served; and every person so chosen byballot shall, upon such no- chosen by

tice ,appear at such meeting, and if on examination found able and ballot to

the fol .fit lowingoath.

704 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 90. [ 1802.

fit for the service, and approved of in manner herein- after di-

rected, shall then and there take the following oath ; ( that is

to say ),

ἹA. B. do sincerely promise and swear , That I will be faith-

ful and bear true allegiance to his majesty King George ;

and that I will faithfully serve in the militia within Great Britain,

for the defenc of the fame, during the time of five years, for

which I am enrolled, unless I shall be sooner discharged.'

and shall be

And every such person shall be then and there enrolled ( in a

enrolled to

serve for five

roll to be then and there prepared for that purpose,) to serve in

years, but

the militia of such county, riding, or place, as a private militia

mayproduce substitutes ,

man for the space of five years: provided always, that if any

person fo chosen by ballot shall produce for his substitute a man

who, if ap-

proved , shall

of the same county, riding, or place, or of some adjoining

be inrolled,

parish or place, whether in the same county or riding, or not,

andtake the

able and fit for service, who shall have not more than one

following

child born in wedlock, and who shall be examined and approved

oath.

in manner herein- after directed, such substitute, so produced and

approved, shall be enrolled to serve in the militia of such county,

riding, or place, as a private militia man, for the space of five

years, and also for such further time as the militia shall remain

embodied, if within the space of five years , his Majesty shall

order and direct the militia for which such man is enrolled,

to be drawn out and embodied as herein-after provided; and

such substitute shall take the following oath :

TA . B. do sincerely promise and swear, That I willbe faith-

ful and bear true allegiance to his majesty King George;

and that I will faithfully serve in the militia within Great Britain ,

for the defence of the fame, during the time offive years, or for

such further time as the militia shall remain embodied, if within

the space of five years his Majesty shall order and direct the

militia to be drawn out and embodied, unless I shall be sooner

discharged.'

And any person so chosen by ballot, for whom such substitute

shall have been so produced, approved, enrolled, and sworn as

aforesaid, shall be exempt from service in the militia, in the

same manner as if he himself had served according to the di-

rections of this act.

Volunteers

XLII, And be it further enacted, That if the church-

maybe re-

ceivedwith

wardens or overseers of the poor of any parish, tything, or place,

theconfentof

shall with the consent of the inhabitants taken at a vestry , or at

the inhabi-

any other meeting to be holden for that purpose, for the calling

tants of any

of which vestry or meeting three days publick notice shall be

place, and a

rate efta-

given, specifying the cause of calling such vestry or meeting,

blished forprovide and produce to the said deputy lieutenants, or any two

paying them or more of them, at any subdivision meeting for choosing the militia

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. c. 90. 705

militia men by ballot , any volunteer of volunteers, who shall bounties, not

beexamined and approved, as is herein-after mentioned, such exceeding 61.

volunteer or volunteers so examined and approved shall be then

each.

and there sworn in and enrolled to serve for such term , and on

the fame conditions, as is herein-before provided in case of

substitutes produced by persons chosen by ballot; and the said

deputy lieutenants shall cause only such number of persons to be

chosen by ballot out of the lift returned for such parish, tything,

or place, as shall be then wanted to make up the whole num-

ber to serve for such parish , tything, or place ; and if any such

churchwardens or overseers shall give to such volunteer or

volunteers any fum or fums of money not exceeding six pounds

each , to serve in the militia for such parish, tything, or place, it

shall be lawful for such churchwardens or overseers to make a

rate upon the inhabitants of such parish, tything, or place, according to the rate then made for the relief of the poor, which

rate (being approved by any justice of the peace), it shall be

lawful for such churchwardens or overseers to collect, and to

reimburse themselves such sum or fums of money as they shall

have paid to such volunteer or volunteers as aforesaid, and the

overplus (if any) shall be applied as part of the poors rate ; and

ifany person shall refuse to pay such rate, it shall be lawful for

anyjustice of the peace , upon complaint thereof made by any

such churchwarden or overseer, by warrant under his hand and

seal, to levy the same by distress and sale of the offenders goods

and chattels, returning the overplus (if any) after the said rate,

and the charges of such distress and sale shall be paid ; but noPersons who

person chosen by ballot, who shall have served in the militia ,have served

either by himself or by substitute, according to the directions ofby themselves

or substitutes

this act , or any other act or acts, or who shall be then serving not liable to

himself or by substitute, shall be liable to pay any such rate : the rates .

provided always , that if any person shall think himself aggrieved

by any such rate as aforesaid, such person may appeal to the

next general or quarter sessions, in like manner as is provided

in the case of appeals against rates for the relief of the poor.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That no peer of this realm, Certain per-

nor any person being a

commissioned officer in his Majesty's

fons exempt

from service .

other forces, or in any one of his Majesty's castles or forts,

nor any officer on the half pay of the navy, army, or marines,

nor any non- commissioned officer or private man serving in

any of his Majesty's other forces, nor any commissioned officer

serving , or who has served four years in the militia, nor any

person being a resident member of either of the universities,

nor any clergyman, nor any teachers, licensed within the

county , riding, or place to teach in some separate congregation,

whose place of meeting shall have been duly registered within

twelve months previous to the general meeting appointed to

meet in October for the purposes of this act , nor any constable

or other peace officer, nor any articled clerk, apprentice, sea-

man, or seafaring man, nor any person mustered, trained, or

doing duty, or employed in any of his Majesty's docks or dock

ZZ

Vol. XLIII . yards

1

706 Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGIL III.C. 90. [1802.

yards for the service thereof , or employed and mustered in his

Majesty's service in the tower of London, Woolwich Warren, the

several gun wharfs at Portsmouth, or at the several powder mills,

powder magazines, or other storehouses belonging to his Majesty , under the direction of the board of ordnance, nor any

person being free of the company of watermen of the river

Persons who

Thames, nor any poor man who has more than one child born

have served

in wedlock, shall be liable to serve personally, or provide a

not liable to

substitute to serve in the militia , and no person having served

serve again till personally or by substitute, according to the directions of any

their turns

former act or acts relating to the militia, or under this act,

come , but substitutes or

hall be obliged to serve again, until by rotation it shall come

volunteers if to his turn; but no person who has served only as a substitute

chosen by

or volunteer in the militia, shall by such service be exempted

ballot shall

from serving again, if he shall be chosen by ballot.

serve.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That if through the neg-

Deputylieu-

tenantsmay

lect or mistake of any chief constables, constables, or other

cause lifts to

officers, or from any other cause, the full number of men ap-

beamended ,

pointed for any subdivision should not be duly enrolled at the

and proceed

meeting appointed for that purpose as before directed, then the

to a fresh bal-

deputy lieutenants at their said meeting, or any two or more of

lot, and may administer

them, may and they are hereby required immediately to cause

oaths, &c.

the lifts to be amended, and to proceed to a fresh ballot, and to

adjourn their meeting or appoint other meetings, and repeat the

amending of the lifts as may be necessary and expedient for

carrying the purposes of this act duly and fully into execution ;

and it shall be lawful for any one deputy lieutenant to admi-

nifter the oath herein-before required to be taken by persons to

serve in the militia, to any person ballotted , or to any person

offering as a volunteer under the directions of this act, or to

any person who being qualified as this act requires shall offer to

serve as a substitute, such ballotted man, volunteer, or substitute , having been duly examined and approved as is herein-after

mentioned; and such deputy lieutenant is hereby authorised to

direct and require the clerk of the subdivision for which every

such person by whom the said oath has been before him taken

is to serve, to enrol the name of every such person so having

been duly examined and approved as aforesaid, together with

the date of the day on which the said oath was so administered

to him, in the roll of such subdivision .

Persons

XLV. And be it further enacted , That if any person chosen

chosen, ex-

by ballot, according to the directions of this act, to serve in the

cept Quakers,

and not ap-

militia (not being one of the people called Quakers) , thall re-

pearing, &c.

fufe or neglect to appear and take the said oath, and serve in

to forfeit fol.

the militia, or to provide a substitute, to be examined and ap-

proved as herein-after mentioned, who shall take the said oath,

and sign his consent to serve as a substitute, every such person

so refusing or neglecting , shall forfeit and pay the fum of ten

pounds, and at the expiration of five years be again liable to

Ifpenaltybe

wepaid, the

serve or provide a substitute; and in default of payment of such

penal y, or for wart of sufficient cilens whereon to levy the

fame ,

!

1

1

5

1

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 90. 707

same, the name of such person shall be entered on the roll, and person shall be

such person shall be delivered over to some proper officer of the compelled to

regiment, battalion, or corps for which he was ballotted, and

serve.

shall be compelled to serve for such term to be computed from

the time of hisbeing apprehended, as any other person who should

be then ballotted for would be compellable to serve, and shall be

subject to the fame punishments for afterwards absconding or de-

serting, as he wouldhave been subject to in cafe he had appeared

and been duly sworn and enrolled as a militia man.

XLVI. And be , it further enacted , That , if the lift of any Newlifts shall

parish, tything, or place shall be loft or destroyed , it shall be be made out if

lawful for the said deputy lieutenants, or any two or more of any are loft .

them, to cause a new lift in such parish, tything, or place to be

made and returned to them, at their next subdivision meeting,

in the same manner as the list lost or destroyed was made, and

ought to have been returned to them by direction of the general meeting.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That every person chosen Persons cho ..

byballot to serve in the militia , thall be liable to such service, though they

fen shall serve

although he may have removed from the place where his name remove ; and

was inserted in the lift , provided he was residing in such place at those having

the time when the list was, according to the directions of this more than

refi-

act , prepared ; and every person liable to serve in the militia, dencethall

having more than one place of residence, shall serve for the serve where

county, riding, or place, where his name shall have been first their names

inserted in such list as aforesaid, and the clerk to the subdivision were first in-

meeting to which such list shall be returned shall, iffuch person lift.

fertedin the

requires the fame, grant a certificate gratis under his hand, that

such person's name was inserted in such lift , and specifying the

1

time when such lift was made and returned.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That where any parish Persons to

shall lie in two or more counties or ridings, the inhabitants offerve in the

militia of the

such parish shall serve in the militia of the county or riding county in

wherein the church belonging to such parish is situated; and that which the pa-

such parish shall, for all the purposes of this act , be deemed part rish church is

of such county or riding. situate.

XLIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if Persons frau .

any two or more deputy lieutenants shall at any of their fubdi- dulently boundap-

vision meetings receive information, or shall suspect that anyprentice thall

person whose name is inserted in any list, and described as an be liable to

apprentice, has been fraudulently bound apprentice , in order to serve, and the

avoid serving in the militia, it shall be lawful for them to make master shall

inquiry thereof , and to summon such persons as they shall think forfeit fol .

necessary to appear before them, at such time and place as they

shall appoint, and to examine such persons upon oath; and in

cafe it shall appear that such binding was fraudulent , in order to

avoid serving in the militia, it shall be lawful for such deputy

lieutenants to appoint such person so fraudulently bound ap-

prentice to serve as a militia man for the parish, tything, or

place for which such list shall have been returned, if there shall

be a vacancy, and if there shall be no vacancy at that time, then

ZZ2upon

708 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 90. [1802.

upon the first vacancy that shall happen ; and the person to

whom such apprentice ( hall have been sobound, shall , for such

offence, forfeit and pay the fum often pounds.

Two deputy

lieutenants

L. And be it further enacted, That if any person, being one of

may provide the people called Quakers, shall be chosen by ballot to serve in

Tubstitutes for the militia, and thall refuse or neglect to appear, and to take the

Quakers, and oath and serve in the militia, or to provide a substitute of the

may levy the same county , riding, or place, or of some adjoining parish or

expences by

distress, &c. place, to be examined and approved as herein-after directed, who

Thall take the said oath, and subscribe his consent to serve as the

substitute of such Quaker, then andin every such case any two or

more deputy lieutenants shall, if they shall think proper, upon as

reasonable terms as maybe, provide and hire a fit person of the

!

same county , riding, or place, or of some adjoining parish or

place, to serve as a substitute for such Quaker ; and such substitute

shall, after being duly examined and approved, take the said oath,

and subscribe his consent to serve in the militia, for the same

term and on the same conditions as is herein-before directed in

thecase of substitutes produced by persons chosen by ballot; and

any two or more deputy lieutenants may and are hereby authorised, by warrant under their hands and seals, to levy bydittress

and sale of the goods and chattels of such Quaker, such sum of

money as shall be necessary to defray the expence of providing

and hiring such substitute, rendering to such Quaker the overplus

( ifany), after deducting the charges of such distress and sale;

and if no goods or chattels belonging to such Quaker can be

found, sufficient to levy such distress, and it shall nevertheless

appear satisfactorily to such deputy lieutenants that such Quaker

is of sufficient ability to pay the sum often pounds, then it shall

be lawful for such deputy lieutenants to commit such Quaker to

the common gaol, there to remain, without bail or mainprize,

for the space of three months, or until he shall have paid such

fum of money as such deputy lieutenants shall have agreed to pay

Quakers may to such substitute as aforesaid ; and in case any measures shall be

complain to

the deputy

used in making distress as aforesaid , which may be by any such

Quaker thought oppreffive , it shall be lawful for such Quaker to

lieutenants .

complain to the deputy lieutenants at their next meeting, who

are hereby empowered and required to hear and finally determine

the fame.

order pay- Justices may

LI. And be it further enacted, That where any rate shall have

ment of costs been made for the providing of volunteers according to thedi-

for levying by rections of this act, and the churchwardens and overseers thall

diftrets, where make complaint to a justice of the peace, that any Quaker or

Quakers re-

fule to pay the Quakers had refused to paythe fum or fums ofmoney he or they

rates for pro- shall be rated at, such justice shall order such costs and charges

viding volun- to be paid for levying such distress as he shall think reasonable ,

teers. not exceeding ten shillings on each of the said Quakers where

there are no more than two, and where there are a greater

number than two, not exceeding five shillings on each of the

No person to said Quakers : provided always, that no man shall be deemed,

be deemed a taken, and accepted to be a Quaker within the meaning of this

Quaker, un . act ,

1802. ] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 90. 709

act , unless he shall produce, before the deputy lieutenants at less he shall

some of their subdivision meetings, a certificate under the hands produce acer-

tificate of his

of two or more reputable housekeepers being of the people calledbeing of that

Quakers , resident within the said county , riding , or place, and persuasion.

dated within the three months immediately preceding the day

!

onwhich it shall be produced as aforesaid, acknowledging such

man to be one of their persuasion.

LII. And be it further enacted, That no man shall be No man to be

approved or enrolled to serve in the militia, under this act , either enrolled until

as a ballotted man, or as a substitute or volunteer, until he shall examined and

approved by

have been carefully examined by some surgeon of competent a surgeon .

skill, and shall have been declared and reported by such surgeon

to be neither ruptured, lame, maimed, nor afflicted with any dif-

order that may render him unfit to serve, but to be in every

respect able and fit for service; and the deputy lieutenants

assembled at their subdivision meetings, or any two deputy

lieutenants, shall in all cafes before they proceed to enrol any

man for the militia, cause such examination to be carefully made;

: and it shall be lawful for the said deputy lieutenants, and they

i

are hereby empowered and directed to require the attendance of

any surgeon of any regiment, battalion, or corps of the militia of

the county, riding, orplace for which any man is to be enrolled,

ifany such surgeon is within areasonable distance, and can conveniently be had, or otherwise to require the attendance of any

other competent surgeon for that purpose, and a reasonable al -Allowance to

bemade the

lowance , not exceeding ten shillings, thall be made to the surgeon for

surgeon performing such examination, for every day he shall his attend-

actually attend for that purpose, and shall be paid to him in like ance.

manner as allowances are by this act directed to be made and

paid to subdivision clerks.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever it shall Two deputy

lieutenants

appear to any two or more deputy lieutenants assembled at anymaydischarge

subdivision meeting , that any person chosen by ballot to serve in persons cho

the militia is not of the full height of five feet four inches, or is fen by ballot,

not approved upon examination, by a surgeon according to the who are unfit

directions of this act, and is not seised or possessed of an estate in for service ,

and cause

land, goods , or money, of the clear value of one hundred pounds, others to be

and who shall make oath that he is not seised or possessed of such chosen.

estate , such deputy lieutenants shall and are hereby empowered

and required to discharge such person, and immediately to amend

the lift for the place for which such person shall have been bal-

lotted, and to cause another person to be chosen in his stead, by

ballot, according to the directions of this act.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That the deputy lieutenants Deputy lieu-

in their several subdivisions shall, as soon as they shall havetenants to

enrolled the number of men required in their subdivision, divide class the men

enrolled, and

the men so enrolled into as many classes of the description herein- make out a

after mentioned, as thall be found among such men ; that is to lift in the

say , in the first class they shall put all the menunder thirty years

form 10 che-

of age, and having no child or children living ; and in the second dule (E. ), a

copyof which

class, all the men above thirty years ofage, having no child or the clerk of

children the fubdi-

Z23

1

710 Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. c. 90. [1802.

vision shall transmit to

children living ; and in the third class, all the men not having

the clerk to

any child or children living under the age of fourteen years ; and

in the fourth class, all the men having any child or children, one

the general meetings to

ofwhom only shall be under the age of fourteen years ; and in

be entered in

the last class, all the men not included in any of the former de-

a book.

scriptions; and shall forthwith make out a lift of such classes ,

according..to the form in the schedule to this act annexed,

marked (E. ) and within three days after the completing thereof ,

the clerk of such subdivision meeting shall transmit to the clerk

to the general meetings an exact and true copy of such lift, made

outinfuch form as aforesaid, to be by him entered in a book to

be kept for that purpose.

Men becom-

LV. And be it further enacted, That whenever any militia

ing unfit to

man, after having been sworn and enrolled, shall become unfit

servemaybe discharged ;

for service , it shall be lawful for the colonel or other commandant

but if done by

of the regiment , battalion, or corps to which such militia man

the com-

shall belong , together with any two or more deputy lieutenants

manding of-

ficer only, it

of the county, riding, or place to which such regiment, battalion,

must be con-

or corps belongs, if the said regiment, battalion or corps shall

firmedby

thenbe within the said county , riding, or place, or for the colonel

twodeputy or other commandant only, if the said regiment, battalion, or

beutenanters corps shall be absent therefrom, to discharge such militia man

are ballotted from his regiment, battalion, or corps ; but another man shall

for.

not be ballotted for in the room of such militia man fo discharged,

until such discharge shall beconfirmed under the hands of two

or more deputy lieutenants of the county, riding, or place to

which such regiment, battalion, or corps belongs, assembled at

any meeting in the subdivision for which such militia man was

enrolled, or at any general meeting for the county, riding, or

Vacancies oс-

place as aforesaid.

cafioned by

LVI. And be it further enacted, That when any private

death, &c.

militia man shall , before the expiration of the term for which he

to be filled up was to serve, die, or be appointed a serjeant , corporal, or drum-

by a fresh ballot.

mer in the militia, or be discharged in manner aforesaid , as unfit

for service , in pursuance of the sentence of a court martial, the

colonel or commanding officer of the regiment , battalion, or

corps to which such private man shall belong, shall certify the

vacancy occasioned by such death, appointment , or discharge (as

the cafe may be ), to the clerk to the general meetings, who

shall forthwith transmit the said certificate to the deputy lieu-

tenants of the subdivision for which such private man thall have

been enrolled, and such vacancy shall be filled up by a fresh

ballot for a militia man to serve according to the provisions of

Noballot to

this act. LVII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any private

befor apri- militia man shall be appointed a non- commissioned officer or

ed

vate appoint- drummer in any regiment , battalion, or corps of militia, in the

commissioned room of any non- commissioned officer or drummer reduced to

officer or the ranks , no ballot thall take place in the parish or place for

drummer in which such private man so appointed was then serving , in con-

the room of sequence of any vacancy occasioned bysuch appointment , untilone reduced

to the ranks . the

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 90. 711

the non- commissioned officer or drummer so reduced shall have

obtained his discharge.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That where in any Where a man

regiment, battalion, or corps of militia, in which any private man is provided in

theroom of

shall be appointed aserjeant, corporal, or drummer, in confe-

one appointed

quence of any vacancy occasioned by the death or discharge ofa serjeant , &c.

anynon-commissioned officer or drummer, the parish or place for the quarter :

which such private militia man was then serving, shall find and sessions may

order afum

provide another man in his stead, it shall be lawful for any two to be paid out

deputy lieutenants acting for the subdivision wherein such parish of the county

or place shall be situate , to certify the same to the justices of the rates in aid of

peace assembled at the next general or quarter sessions of the thepoors rates

peaceheld for the same county, riding, or place, and the said

of theplace.

justices shall at such sessions order a fum of money , not exceeding

the average price paid for a substitute or volunteer in such parish

or place, or any adjoining parish or place , to be paid out of the

county rates to the churchwardens and overseers of the poor of

theparish or place, which shall find and provide another man as

aforesaid, whether such man thall serve personally or by substitute,

and to be applied in aid of the poors rates in such parish or

place .

LIX . And be it further enacted , That whenever any certi- Deputy lieu

ficate , signed by the colonel or other commandant of any tenants, on

regiment, battalion, or corps of militia , shall be transmitted to certificate of

death ,pro-

the deputy lieutenants of the subdivision for which any private motion, &c ...

militia man shall have been enrolled, of any such private militia to cause va-

man having died, or been appointed a serjeant, corporal, or cancies to be

drummer in the militia, or been discharged as being unfit for filledup by

ballot .

service , in manner aforesaid, or in pursuance of the sentence of

a court martial, such deputy lieutenants shall and are hereby

required to cause such vacancy to be filled up by ballot immediately after the receipt of such certificate , except in such cases

as are in this act excepted.

T

LX. And be it further enacted, That any two or more of the At subdivi-

deputy lieutenants, at their several subdivision meetings, shall and fion meetings

men shall be

they

are hereby required to ballot for militia men, in the room of ballotted for

all militia men actually serving, whose terms of service will expire in room of

before the twentieth day of November then next ensuing the those whose

holding of such subdivision meetings, and shall, at a following terms of

service will

meeting to be holden as soon as conveniently may be, proceed expire before

to enrol the said ballotted menor their substitutes as aforesaid ; Nov. 20 , next

and the commanding officer of any regiment, battalion or corps, ensuing, and

is hereby empowered, from time to time, to discharge any man such menmay

of his regiment, battalion , or corps, whose time of service will be discharged ,

expire beforethe twentieth day of November then next ensuing, received.

and the othersand to receive any other militia man in his room, who shall have

taken the oath, and been enrolled according to the directions of

this act ; and every such man so discharged, if serving for himself

shall be entitled to the same immunity from further service as if

he had served his full term ; and if any such man so discharged

ZZ4 was

712 Annoregni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 90. [1802.

was serving as a substitute, then the person for whom he served ,

shall be entitled to the like immunity as aforesaid.

The inrol-

LXI. And be it further enacted , That ifany servantwhatever ,

ment of fer-

vants shall not

hired by the year or otherwise, shall be enrolled as a militia man

vacate their

by virtue of this act , such inrolment shall not vacate or rescind

contracts

the contract or alter the engagement between such servant and

with their

his master or mistress, or employer or employers, unless the militia

masters, unless

of the county, riding, or place for which such servant shall be en-

the militia

shall be em-

rolled, shall be embodied or called out by his Majesty , or ordered

bodied, &c. fo to be in pursuance of his act , or unless such person so enrolled

shall leave the service of his master, mistress , or employer or em-

ployers, for the purposeof being trained and exercised, for thespace

oftwenty-one days, in pursuance of his act, and shall not return

again to the same service at the end of such twenty-one days, or as

soon after as reasonably may be, allowing to his master, mistress,

or employer or employers , an abatement from his wages in pro-

portion to the duration of his absence from his said service, to

be settled by a justice of the peace in the manner herein-after

And if any mentioned; and in every such case, where any dispute shall arise

dispute shall between such servant and his master or mistress, or employer or

arise touching employers , touching any fum or fums of money due to such

wages

201. ajustice servant for or on account of his service performed before the

may fettle it, time of his departure from service, under the conditions of the

and maygrant said inrolment, or by being called out to join the militia in

warrant for which he shall have been so enrolled, or touching any abatement

levying the

moneyby to be made by such servant by reason of his absence, for the

distress ifnot purpose of being trained and exercised, it shall and may be

paid ,

lawful, on complaint made thereof to anyjustice of the peace for

the county , riding, city, liberty , town corporate, or place, where

such master or mistress , or employer or employers shall inhabit ,

for such justice to hear and determine every such complaint , and

to examine upon oath every such servant, or any other witness or

witnesses, touching the fame, and to make such order for the

payment offo much wages to such servant in proportion to the

service he has performed , or such abatement from his wages in

proportion to the duration of his absence from his service, as the

case may require, and as to such justice shall seem just and reason-

ble , provided the sum in question do not exceed the sumof twenty

9 .

pounds; and in case of refusal or non-payment of any fums so or-

dered to be paid by the space of twenty- one days next after such

determination, such justice may and shall issue forth his warrant

to levy the same by distress and sale of the goods and chattels of

such matter or mistress, or employer or employers, rendering the

overplus to the owner or owners, after payment of the charges

of such distress and sale .

Substitutes or

volunteers,

who do not

appear to be

sworn, shall

return the

bounty , and

be liable to

penalty.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That every person who

shall receive money from any other person to serve as his fub-

stitute in the militia , or from any churchwardens or overseers of

the poor to serve as a volunteer as aforesaid , and shall neglect to

appear at the usual meeting appointed for swearing in the militia

men, or before some one deputy lieutenant , inorder to be sworn according

i

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 90. 713

according to the directions of this act, being convicted thereof

before any deputy lieutenant or justice of the peace, shall be

obliged to return the money to the person or persons from whom

hereceived it , and shall forfeit and pay to such person or persons

any sum not exceeding forty shillings nor less than twenty

shillings, at the discretion of the deputy lieutenant or justice of

the peace before whom he shall be so convicted ; and if such

offender shall not immediately return the money so by him re-

ceived as aforesaid, and likewise pay the said penalty , he shall be

committed to the common gaol or house of correction for four-

teendays, or until the said sum shall be returned.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any person chosen Two deputy

byballot to serve in the militia , shall have engaged any other lieutenants

person to serve as his substitute, or if any churchwardens or or a justice

may order the

overseers of the poor shall have engaged any person to serve as a money agreed

volunteer as aforesaid, and the person so chosen by ballot, or to be given to

such churchwardens or overseers shall have agreed to pay to the a substitute

person so engaged, a certain fum for such service, it shall be lawful or volunteer ,

tobe paidhim

for two deputy lieutenants or any onejustice of the peace, when on enrolment

the militia of the county, riding, or place, for which such fub- where the

ftitute or volunteer shall be enrolled shall not be embodied , andmilitia is not

they and he are and is hereby required, after such substitute or embodied, and

where it is

volunteer has been examined by a surgeon, and approved according one half , and

to the directions of this act , and enrolled by the deputy lieutenants the other to

in pursuance thereof , to order such sum of money as shall appear to the clerk of

the fubdi-

them or him to be due to the substitute or volunteer so engaged, vision to be

to be immediately paid to him on such enrolment, by the person remitted to

or persons by or for whom he shall be engaged to serve as aforesaid; the paymaster

and in every case where the militia shall be embodied at the time and paid to

of such enrolment, it shall be lawful for the said deputy lieu- the man on

joining and

tenants or justice to direct any sum not exceeding one half partbeing ap-

of the said fum of money so engaged to be given as aforesaid, to proved; and

be paid to him forthwith, or to be advanced to such person , or if he shall not

to such of his family, and in such proportions, as he shall requestjoin or

beap-

proved of , the

at the time of such his enrolment , and the remaining part money shall

thereofto be paid to and received by the clerk of the subdivisionbe paid to

meeting, who shall thereupon forthwith remit the same to the the person

paymaster or battalion clerk of the regiment , battalion, or corps ofprovided in

lieu ofhim.

militia , to which such substitute or volunteer shall be sent as a

militia man, to be retained by him until such substitute or vo-

lunteer shall havejoined such regiment, battalion, or corps, and

been approved at head quarters as fit to serve, and then to be paid

or accounted for to such substitute or volunteer ; and if he shall

not join or be approved of , then such money shall remain in the

hands of such paymaster, to be afterwards applied in like manner

to the payment of some other substitute or volunteer, in lieu of

the one for whom such money thall have been remitted as

or

The paymentaforesaid; and such deputy lieutenants justice shall proceed

therein for enforcing the payment of everyfuch sum of money, inoffuchmoney

maybe en-

such and the like manner in every respect, and by all such and forcedaccord-

the like powers and authorities, as is and are directed by and ing to 20 Geo.

contained in an act of the twentieth year of the reign of his late 2. c. 19 .

Majesty ,

1.

714 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III.C.81 . [1802.

Majesty , for the better adjusting and more easy recovery of the

wages of certain servants, and for the better regulating of such

Clerk not

servants, and of certain apprentices ; and if any such subdivision

dulyremitting clerk shall omit or neglect to remit such money within one week

the money to

forfeit 20l. after the same shall have been paid to him as aforesaid, such

clerk shall forfeit and pay, for every such offence , the sum of

twenty pounds .

Enlistment of

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any officer,

a militia man serjeant, or other person , shall at any time wilfully and know-

intothe

standing army ingly enlist any man to serve in his Majesty's other forces, who

shall be void, at the time of such enlisting shall be enrolled or engaged to serve

and anyman in the militia , every such enlisting shall be deemed null and void;

fo offering

to inlist , de-

and in case any militia man at the time of offering to enlist as

nying that he aforesaid , shall deny to the officer , serjeant, or other person re-

is serving in cruiting for men to enlist and serve in his Majesty's other forces,

the militia , or

that he is (at the time of his offering to enlist) a militia man then

offering to

actually enrolled and engaged to serve (which the said officer ,

serve inany

other regi-

serjeant, or other person is hereby required to ask every man

mentofmi-

offering to enlist in his Majesty's other forces) , or shall offer

litia , shall be imprisoned

himself to be enrolled and serve in any other regiment, battalion,

or corps of militia, every militia man so offending shall, on con-

not exceeding viction thereof upon the oath of one witness before any one

fixmonths,

andat the endjustice of the peace ,be committed to the common gaol or house

of his engage of correction, there to remain, without bail or mainprize, for and

mentinthe

during any time not exceeding six months, over and above any

militia , shall penalty or punishment to which such person so offending is or

serve inany regiment into shall be otherwise liable; and every person so offending, from the

which he shallday on which his engagement to serve in the militia shall end ,

have enlisted. and not sooner, shall belong as a soldier to the corps of his Majesty's other forces into which he shall have been so enlisted;

Persons fo en- and if any officer or other person shall enlist any man belonging

lifting militia to the militia to serve in his Majesty's other forces , knowing

men to forfeit

201. him tobelong to the militia , or without asking him ifhebelongs

to the militia, every such officer, serjeant , or other person, shall

Soldiers offer- for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of twenty pounds;

ing to serve as and if any person actually serving in any of his Majesty's other

fubstitutes in forces, shall offer himself to serve , andbe enrolled as a substitute

the militia to :

forfeit 10l . in the militia, every person so offending shall forfeit and pay to

orbe impri- to the person informing of such offence the sum of ten pounds,

foned not ex- or be committed to the common gaol or house of correction for

ceeding three any time not exceeding three months.

months. LXV. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall

Personsorder- give orders to any serjeant, drummer, or other person serving in

ing serjeants .

&c. of the the militia, to beat up in any city, town, or place , for volunteers

militia to beat to serve in the militia, the person who shall give such orders thall,

up for volun- upon proof thereof , and of such beating up as aforesaid, upon

teers shall for- oath before any justice of the peace, forfeit and paythe sum of

feit zol. twenty pounds, one moiety whereof shall be applied to the use of

andfuch fer- the person who shall make information thereofbefore anyjustice

jeants ,&c. re- of the peace ; and if such serjeant, drummer, or other person

to de-

clare who

shall refuse to declare upon oath before such justice from whom

gave the or- he

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. c. 90. 715

he received such orders, it shall be lawful for such justice, and der, shall be

he is hereby required, by warrant under his hand and seal, to imprisoned

not exceeding

commit such serjeant, drummer, or other person, to the house ofthree months.

correction for any time not exceeding three months .

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That the money arising Penalties for

bypenalties incurred for refusing to serve in the militia, or to refusing to

serve or to

find substitutes to serve in their room, thall be applied by any findfubfti-

two or more deputy lieutenants, within their respective fubdi- tutes, shall be

visions, in providing substitutes for the persons who have paid applied inpro-

such penalties, which substitutes shall be examined , approved ,viding them .

sworn in, and enrolled to serve for the fame term, in the fame

manner, and on the same conditions as is herein-before provided Surplus shall

be a part of

in the cafe of substitutes provided by persons chosen by ballot ; the regimen-

and if any surplus shall remain, the same shall be paid to the tal stock.

colonels or other commandants of the respelive regiments, bat- Returns of the

talions, or corps in which such persons ought to have served as penalties, and

militia men, and be applied as part or return of the regimental persons pay-

stock, and the return of the amount of such penalties with ing them,

to be tranf-

the names of persons paying the fame, shall be transmitted mitted to the

by the clerks of the subdivision meetings, to the clerks of clerks of the

the general meetings .

general meet-

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That in all cafes in the ings .

execution of this act, when any matter or thing is directed to be Lieutenants,

deputies, and

enquired of or examined into, upon the oath of any witness or justices, au-

witnesses, before any lieutenant of anycounty, or any deputy lieu- thorised to

tenant or lieutenants, or justice or justices of the peace, anyfuch administer

lieutenant, deputy lieutenant or lieutenants, or justice or justices oaths .

of the peace, is or are hereby authorised, to administer such oath,

to any witness or witnesses ; and that all other oaths to be taken

in pursuance of this act, shall and may be respectively admi-

nistered by any lieutenant or deputy lieutenant .

LXVIII. And be it further enacted , That the militia of the How the regi

several counties, ridings, and places aforesaid, shall be formed ments of mi-

into companies, which shall not consist of more than one hun- litia shall be

formed and

dred and twenty, nor ofless than sixty private men, and that to officered .

each of such companies there shall be one captain, and one lieu-

tenant, and one ensign; and that where the number of men ,

raised for any county , riding, or place, is sufficient , the militia

thereof shall be formed into one or more regiments, consisting

of not more than twelve nor of less than eight such companies ;

and where the number of men raised in any county, riding, or

place, is not sufficient to form aregiment, the militia thereof

shall be formed into a battalion, consisting of not more than

1seven nor of less than four such companies; and where the

number ofmen raised in anycounty, riding, or place , is not fuf-

ficient to form a battalion of four such companies the militia

thereof shall be formed into a corps, consisting of not less than

three such companies ; and that the field officers of such

regiments, battalions, and corps respectively , shall in no cafe

exceed the respective numbers and ranks following ; (that is to

say), in every regiment consisting ofnot less than eight hundred private

716 Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. c. 90. [1802.

private men, one colonel, one lieutenant colonel, and two

majors ; in every regiment or battalion consisting ofnot less than

four hundred and eighty private men, one colonel, one lieu-

tenant colonel, and one major ; and in every battalion consisting

ofless than four hundred and eighty private men, one lieutenant

colonel and one major; and in every corps consisting of three

companies, one lieutenant colonel or major, and no other field

officer : provided always, that no colonel or field officer in the

militia shall be a captain of a company: provided also, that every

battalion consisting of five companies or upwards, may have one

company of grenadiers or light infantry, to which two lieu-

tenants shall be appointed instead of one lieutenant and one

ensign , and that every regiment may have one company ofgre-

nadiers and one company of light infantry, to each of which

companies two lieutenants shall be appointed instead ofone lieu-

tenant and one ensign : provided also, that to every company

consisting of ninety private men and upwards, there may be

two lieutenants and one ensign, or three lieutenants, as the

cafe may be.

His Majesty LXIX. Provided always, That if his Majesty shall at any

maydirect a supernume- time direct that any proportion of the said militia shall be trained

rary officer to and exercised to the service of any artillery that may be attached

be appointed to any regiment or battalion, it shall and may be lawful for his

tomentrained Majesty to direct that a supernumerary officer or officers of the

to the service

of artillery. said regiment or battalion of such rank as his Majesty shall order ,

and being duly qualified as aforesaid, shall be appointed to and

for the said men so directed to be trained and exercised as

aforesaid .

How inde-

pendent com- LXX. And be it further enacted, That in the several

panies thall be counties, ridings, and places, where the number of militia men

formed, which shall not be sufficient to form a regiment, battalion, or corps of

his Majesty four companies, according to the intent and meaning of this act,

mayorder to the militia of such counties, ridings, and places, shall be formed

form acorps, into independent companies, each company to consist of one

or be incor-

poratedwith hundred and twenty private men at the most, and sixty private

1

any other

men at the least, with one captain, and one lieutenant and one

corps.

ensign, to each company; and that his Majesty may, whenever

he thinks proper, order any number of such independent com

panies of the militia of different counties, ridings, or places, to

be joined together to form a regiment , battalion, or corps as

aforesaid; or to be incorporated with any otherregiment, battalion,

or corps of militia; provided always, that the number of companies in any such regiment, battalion, or corps, be not thereby

made to exceed the number of companies of which a re-

giment , battalion, or corps of militia , is herein before directed

to consist.

His Majesty, LXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for

where nopro- his Majesty, in every cafe for which no special provision is made

vision is made

bythis act , by this act, to cause the militia of any county, riding, or place ,

mayorder the to be formed and regulated in such manner as to his Majesty shall

militia to be seem meet , inregard to the number of regiments, battalions, or

formed and corps ,

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III . C. 90. 717

corps, or to the uniting any number of companies of militia ofregulated as

any counties, ridings, or places, not having respectively a fuffi- to him shall

cient number of men to form a distinet battalion or corps of three

seem meet.

companies for each, conforming in every cafe, as near as the

proportions of men will admit, to the establishment with respect

to regiments , battalions, corps, and companies, in this act particularly directed.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful County lieu-

for the lieutenant of any county , riding, or place, to act as com- tenantmay

act as commandant of any regiment , battalion, or corps of militia for such mandant of

county , riding , or place, for and during such time as there shall the militia,

not be any colonel or other commandant appointed to such re- when there

shall notbe

giment, battalion, or corps , but no such lieutenant shall at any any other ap-

one time act as commandant of more thanone body of militia, pointed and

whether regiment, battalion, or corps ; and where the lieutenant have the rank

of anycounty, riding, or place, shall take the command of any ofcolonel ,

but shall not

militia of the said county, riding, or place, not being according have greater

to the provisions of this act sufficient to form a regiment or bat- paythanthe

talion to be commanded by a colonel, such lieutenant shall not- proper com-

withstanding be entitled to the rank of colonel, unless such mandant

militia shall be united with the militia of any other county , tiedto

would be en-

riding, or place as aforesaid : provided always, that no such lieu-

tenant shall, in virtue or by reason of any such command as

aforesaid, receive any greater pay than the proper commandantAlieutenant

of such corps would be entitled to.

colonel who

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That when a battalion has beencom-

ofmilitia is commanded by a lieutenant colonel, who shall have mandant ofa

battalion for

been commandant of the fame for five years or longer while five years

embodied, it shall be lawful for the lieutenant of the county, while embo.

riding, or place, to which such battalion shall belong, with the died, may

approbation of his Majesty , to give to such lieutenant colonel have acom-

commandant a commission of colonel . mission of

colonel .

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That in any county, How the mi-

riding, or place, where the number of private men is sufficient litia is to be

to form a battalion of less than four hundred and eighty private officered,

men, but not less than three hundred and sixty private men, itwhere the

numbers are

shall be lawful for the lieutenant of such county, riding, or place, not sufficient

to appoint three persons, qualified according to the directions of for a regi-

this act, to serve with the rank of colonel, lieutenant colonel, ment.

and major, but with no higher pay than ifthey were appointed

lieutenant colonel, major, and captain respectively ; and where

the number ofprivate men shall be sufficient to form three companies of sixty private men at the least, but not sufficient to

form four companies as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said

lieutenant to appoint two persons qualified as aforesaid , to serve

with the rank of lieutenant colonel and major respectively, but

that only one of them shall be entitled to any higher pay than

that of captain; and where the number of private militia men

isnot sufficient to form more than two companies offixty private

men at the least, the eldest captain shall serve with the rank of

major, but shall only be entitled to the pay ofcaptain.

LXXV. And

718 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 90. [1802.

Militia of-

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That every officer of any

ficers accept

ing commif .

militia regiment, battalion , or corps, being duly qualified, who

fions of the

may have accepted or shall accept a commission or appointment

fame rank in

of the same rank in any other militia regiment, battalion, or

any other re-

corps, and shall thereby vacate his former commission, shall con-

giment to

rank in the

tinue to rank in the general service according to the date of his

service according to the vacated as aforesaid.

commission or appointment of the fame rank in the militia , fo

dates of va-

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That when any colonel

missions. cated com-

militia, shall be absent from Great Britain , and until he shall

or other commandant of any regiment , battalion, or corps of

When a commandant shall return to Great Britain , and shall have notified his arrival to the

be absent from clerk of the peace of the county, riding, or place to which such

Great Britain , regiment, battalion, or corps, shall belong, and to the command-

his Majesty maydirect the ing officer and adjutant thereof, it shall be lawful for his Majesty,

officer next in by warrant under his sign manual, to direct and order that the

command to officer next in command, who shall be residing in Great Britain ,

act , who shall ( hall in all cafes act and serve as the commandant of such regi-

be vested with ment, battalion , or corps ; and all powers and authorities which

the fame

powers till

might have been exercised by such colonel or other commandant,

thecom-

so absent as aforesaid, while resident in Great Britain, shall be

mandant shall vested in and exercised by the officer next in command in such

return and

regiment, battalion, or corps, who shall be resident in Great

notifyhis arrival.

Britain , and from and after issuing the said warrant as aforesaid,

all matters and things which ought to be transacted and done

by any other person or persons with such colonel or other commandant whilst resident in Great Britain, shall be transacted and

done during the time aforesaid, with such officer so next in

command as aforesaid, who shall be residing in Great Britain ;

and all money directed to be issued or paid to or to the order of

such colonel or other commandant for the use of such regiment ,

battalion, or corps, shall be issued and paid to or to the order of

such officer next in command as aforesaid ; and all acts, matters,

and things, done by and with such officer so next in command

as aforesaid, during the time aforesaid, which are or shall be

authorised or required to be done by or with such colonel or

other commandant when in Great Britain, hall be good and

valid as if done by or with such colonel or other commandant;

and during the absence from Great Britain of the colonel or

other commandant of such regiment, battalion, or corps, and

until he shall return to Great Britain, and notify his arrival as

aforesaid, the officer next incommand in such regiment, batta-

lion, or corps, who shall be residing in Great Britain, shall

appoint the regimental or battalion clerk and agent to such

regiment, battalion, or corps, in the same manner as such colo-

nel or other commandant might have done, and shall take

security from such agent, and shall be and is hereby made subject

and liable to make good all deficiencies that may happen from

the said agent or from himself , upon account of the pay , cloath-

ing , or publick stock of such regiment , battalion, or corps :

The officer

provided always, that such officer so next in command as afore-

next in com. said ,

1802.] Annoregni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c .90. 719

said , who shall assume the powers so given to him as aforesaid ,mand shall,

in consequence of the absence from Great Britain of his colonel within seven

or other commandant , shall, within seven days after he shall days after assuming the

assume any such powers, notify the absence from Great Britain command,

of such colonel or other commandant, to the lieutenant of the notify the

county , riding, or place, and also, when the regiment, battalion, absence of

the com-

or corps, shall be in actual service , to the secretary at war: pro- mandant to

vided also, that ifany such colonel or other commandant as the county

aforesaid , shall have given any orders for cloathing or other ne- lieutenant ,

cessaries, or for accoutrements, which ought to be provided in and when in

duecourse, or in pursuance of any order by proper authority , at to the fecre-

actual service

the timewhen such order shall be given for the use of his regi- tary at war.

ment, battalion, or corps, and if before such orders shall be Orders given

completed, or after the same shall be completed , and before the by acom-

money shall be issued for the fame, such colonel or other commandant for

mandant shall leave Great Britain, the orders so given by suchcloathing or

colonel or other commandant, shall nevertheless be completed, ments shall

and the money to be issued in respect thereof shall be paid to the becompleted ,

order of such colonel or other commandant, notwithstanding his and the mo-

absence from Great Britain as aforesaid ; and in like manner if hisorder ,

neypaid to

anyofficer so next in command as aforesaid, shall, in consequence thoughhemay

of the absence from Great Britain of his colonel or other com- leave Great

mandant, and under the authorities given to him as aforesaid, Britain ;

1

as shall the

give any orders for cloathing or other necessaries, or for accou- orders given

trements, which ought to be provided in due course , or in pur- by the officer

suance of any order by proper authority, at the time when such next in com-

orders hall be given for the use of his regiment , battalion, or mand during

the absence

corps, and before such orders shall be completed , or after the of the com-

same shall be completed, and before the money which ought to mandant ,

be issued shall be issued for the fame, the colonel or other com- though he

mandant shall return to Great Britain, and notify his arrival as may return.

aforesaid, the orders so given by such officer so next in command

as aforesaid shall be completed, and the money to be issued in

respect thereof shall be paid to the order of such officer, notwith-

standing the return of such colonel or other commandant as

aforesaid .

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That his Majesty may His Majesty

and shall appoint one proper person, who shall have served in to appoint

some of his Majesty's other forces, or in the militia while embo. adjutants

died , for the term of five years at the least, to be an adjutant to

from the

army or

each regiment, battalion, and corps of militia ; and such adju- militia, who

tant , if appointed out of his Majesty's other forces, shall, during shall preserve

his service in the militia , preserve his rank in the army in the their rank in

the army,

famemanner as if he had continued in that service; and it shall and may be

be lawful for the lieutenant of any county , riding, or place, on appointed to

the recommendation of the colonel or other commandant of any the rank of

regiment, battalion, or corps of militia, raised within such county ,captam after

five yearsriding, or place, to appoint the adjutant of such regiment, service ,

battalion, or corps, to serve with the rank of captain, provided though not

such adjutant shall have served five years in the militia while qualined .

embodied, or in his Majesty's other forces, although such adju-

tant

720 Anno regniquadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 90. [1802.

tant may not have the qualification required by this act for

captains : provided always, that no such appointment to the rank

ofcaptain shall be valid, unless in the instrument granting the

same it be specified in what regiment , battalion, or corps of the

Noadjutant militia, while embodied, or of his Majesty's other forces, such

so appointed adjutant hath served, and what was or were the date or dates of

to the rank of his commission or commissions : provided also, that no adjutant

captain shall so appointed to serve with the rank of captain shall , by virtue

command a

captain of a

of the date of such appointment as aforesaid, or otherwise , be

company , or

entitled to rank above or to command anycaptain ofacompany

be entitled to

in the militia : provided also, that no such adjutant shall , by

greaterpay

thanadju-

reason of any such appointment as aforesaid, be entitled toreceive

tant.

any greater or other pay than that of adjutant.

Tocorps of

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That , in every cafe

not less than

where the number of private miiltia men raised in any county,

twocompa-

riding, or place , is sufficient to form a regiment, battalion, or

nies of sixty

men each, a

corps of militia, consisting of not less than two companies offixty

surgeon may private men at the least , it shall be lawful for the lieutenant of

be appointed, such county , riding, or place, with the approbation of his

who shall,

while disem-

Majesty , to appoint one fit and proper person, who shall have

bodied, re-

passed an examination at Surgeon's Hall , and received his

ceive an al-

certificate accordingly, to be surgeon of such regiment , battalion,

lowance for or corps , and every such appointment shall recite the certificate

hisattendance of the person so appointed, and an attested copy thereof shall be

during the extransmitted to and filed with the clerk of the general meetings ;

of the

militia, and at and every such surgeon shall, while the militia to which he shall

enrolments, belong are disembodied, receive ten shillings per day for every

andbe paid day of his attendance during any exercise of such militia under

&c.

for medicines, this act, and the fame for every day that he shall attend the

enrolments at the subdivision meetings; such last mentioned

attendances being certified by any deputy lieutenant or lieu-

tenants of such subdivision meeting to the receiver general of the

county, riding, or place , to which such militia shall belong ; and

in addition thereto, every such surgeon shall also receive his

actual and reasonable expence for medicines and necessaries for

the sick, during the time of any exercise of such militia, in purlu-

ance of this act, and for his attendance, medicines, and

necessaries for the sick serjeants, corporals, and drummers, when

actually resident at the head quarters of the regiment, battalion,

or corps as herein- after directed, which shall be repaid him by

the receiver general on an account stated by such surgeon, and

certified bythe commanding officer and adjutant of the regiment ,

battalion, or corps to which he thall belong, and ifany such

corps shall have no adjutant then by the commanding officer of

Surgeons,

each company ; and every such surgeon so appointed as aforesaid

when themi- shall, during the time of the militia to which he shall belong

litia is embo- being embodied, receive the pay and allowance of a surgeon of

diedtoreceive infantry in his Majesty's other forces, and be subject to the like

thepayand allowance of rules, restrictions , and directions in every respect , as far as the

surgeons of same may be applicable ; and no such surgeon shall be capable of

infantry, but holding any other commission in such militia, or of receiving

any

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 90. 721

any pay in respect of any other commission in such militia, not to hold

during the time of his being such surgeon as aforesaid. any other comir iffion.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, ' That, in every case In corp: eon-

where the number of private militia men raised in any county, futing ofnot

riding, or place , is sufficient to form a regiment or battalion less than 360

consisting ofnot less than three hundred and sixty private men, privates, a

itshall be lawful for the colonel of such regiment or battalion, quarter master may

with the approbation of his Majesty , to appoint one fit and pro- be appointed ,

per person, who has served in his Majesty's other forcés, or in with the rank

the embodied militia , to be the quarter master of any such regi- ofafubaltern,

ment or battalion respectively ; and it shall be lawful for the though not qualified; but

lieutenant of the county, riding, or place for which such regiment shall nothold

or battalion shall belong, on the recommendation of the colonel any other

thereof , to appoint such quarter master to serve with the rank commission,

oflieutenant or ensign, although such quarter master may not

have the qualification required by this act for lieutenants or

ensigns respectively : provided always, that such quarter master

shall not be capable of holding any commission or receiving any

pay in respect of any commission in any company in the militia,

during the time of his being such quarter master as aforesaid .

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That the colonel or other To corps

commandant of every regiment, battalion, or corps of militia, consisting of

not than

consisting ofnot less than three companies, when such regiment, three compa

battalion, or corps is not in actual service, may appoint a regi- nies a pay-

mental or battalion clerk, who shall execute the office of pay- master may be

master, but where the number of private men shall not

appointed,

bebut the mo-

sufficient to form three companies of sixty private men at the ney for a less

least, no clerk thall be allowed, but the receiver general of the number to be

land tax, and all other persons required by this act to remit or paid to the

pay any money to any regimental or battalion clerk, in respect officer. commanding

of the militia, or on behalf of any men serving, shall remit and

pay all monies to be paid in respect of such company or companies, or on behalf of any man serving therein, to the commanding officer thereof , which commanding officer shall account

for the fame in like manner in every respect as a regimental or

battalion clerk.

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That no adjutant , fur- Noadjutant,

geon, regimental or battalion clerk, paymaster, or quarter master &c to be ap-

in the militia, shall be capable of being appointed captain of atain of

pointedcap-

a

company , nor thall any person holding the commission of cap- company, nor

tain of a company de capable of being appointed adjutant, any captain of

surgeon , regimental or battalion clerk, paymaster or quarter be appointed

a to

master of militia.

adjutant, &c.

LXXXII. And be it further enacted , That no officer who is Half pay offi-

entitled to half pay shall be deemed or taken to forfeit or quit cers serving as

such half pay, during the time he shall serve as lieutenant, ensign, subalterns,&c .

adjutant , regimental or battalion clerk, quarter master, or surgeon may receive

in the militia, but that the same shall nevertheless continue ; and

their halfpay

ontaking the

instead of the oath usually required of half pay officers to entitle following

them to the receipt of their half pay, every such officer so entitled

tohalfpay and serving as aforesaid, shall take the following oath :

YOL, XLIII. AAAI , A. B.

722 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III c. 90. [1802.

oath.

A. B. do swear, That I had not, between the

I any place or employment of

and the

profit, civil or military, under his Majesty, besides my allow-

ance of half pay as a reduced in

late regiment

of

save and except my pay as lieutenant, [ensign,

adjutant, regimental or battalion clerk, quarter master, or surgeon,

as the cafemay be] , for serving in the militia . '

And the taking of the said oath shall, without taking any other

oath, be sufficient to entitle such person to receive his half pay.

Thepropor- tions of non-

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That serjeants, cor-

commission

porals, and drummers shall be appointed to the militia , in the

officers and

following proportions; (that is to say), when not in actual

drummers,

service there shall be one serjeant and one corporal to every thirty

and their pay . private men, and when the militia shall be drawn out into actual

service, an addition shall be made, so that there shall be one

serjeant and one corporal to every twenty private men, and when

not in actual service, there hall be one drummer to every company, with an addition of one drummer for each flank company

ofregiments or battalions, consisting of five or more companies

as aforesaid ; and when the militia shall be drawn out into actual

service, there shall be an addition of one drummer to every

company so drawn out, and the daily pay of every such serjeant ,

corporal, and drummer respectively , when not in actual service,

shall be as follows ; (that is to say), of every serjeant, one shilling

and sixpence ; of every corporal, one thilling and two-pence;

and of every drummer, one milling; and such serjeants, cor-

porals, and drummers shall be new cloathed when not in actual

service, once in two years ; and all serjeants , corporals, and

drummers, shall take the following oath ; (that is to say ),

4

Oath tobe

IA. B. do sincerely promise and swear , That I will be true

taken bynon- commission

and faithful and bear true allegiance to his majesty King

officers and

George , and that I will faithfully serve in the militia within Great

drummers .

Britain , for the defence of the fame, until I shall be legally

discharged.'

Serjeant ma- And the colonel or other commandant of every regiment,

jors and drum battalion, or corps, consisting of two or more companies, may

majorsmay

be appointed, appoint a serjeant major, and the colonel or other commandant

but no publi- of every regiment, battalion, or corps, consisting of three or

canshall serve more companies, may appoint a drum major ; and that all

as a serjeant, serjeants, corporals, and drummers, having received any pay as

&c . such from any regiment, battalion, or corps, shall be deemed to

be engaged and compellable to serve in such regiment, battalion,

or corps, until they shall be legally discharged: provided always,

that no person who shall keep any house of publick entertain-

ment, or who shall fell any ale or wine, or any brandy or other

spirituous liquors by retail, shall be capable of being appointed ,

or of serving or receiving pay as a serjeant, corporal, or drummer

An additional in the militia: provided always, that if it shall happenthat in

corporalmay any

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. c. 90. 723

any regiment, battalion, or corps, there shall be a surplus ofbe appointed

fifteen private men or upwards, after the appointment of onewhere there is

a surplus of

serjeant and one corporal to every thirty private men, such regi- 15 men above

ment , battalion, or corps , shall be entitled to have one additional theproportion

corporal when not in actual service, for such surplus number of 30 men to

of men. a serjeant and

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That any serjeant, corporal.

Command-

corporal, or drummer, may be discharged by the colonel or other ants maydif-

commandant, and the said colonel or other commandant may charge fer-

appoint any proper person in the room of every serjeant , corpo- jeants, &c.

ral, and drummer, who shall die , desert, or be discharged, all and appoint

which serjeants, corporals, and drummers so appointed, thall others.

take the like oath as is herein -before required to be taken by

serjeants, corporals, and drummers respectively.

LXXXV. And be it further enacted, That in case his Extra drum-

Majesty's lieutenant for any county, riding, or place, or the mers may be

kept as fifers

colonel orother commandant of any regiment, battalion, or corps or musicians,

of militia, shall be desirous of keeping up a greater number of at the expence

drummers than is herein directed to be employed as fifers or of the regi-

musicians for the use of any such regiment, battalion, or corps, ment.

and thall be willing to defray the expence of such additional

drummers, it shall and may be lawful for such lieutenant or

colonel , or other commandant, to retain in their respective regiments, battalions, or corps, any number of the drummers

employed or to be employed as fifers or musicians therein, over

and above the number established by this act, or at any time

hereafter to engage any additional number of drummers to act

as fifers or musicians in their respective regiments, battalions, or

corps ; and all such drummers so retained or in future engaged

to serve in any such corps as fifers or musicians, shall be deemed

drummers of militia within the meaning of this act, to all intents

and purposes whatsoever, and shall be subject to the same orders,

regulations, penalties, and punishments, as other drummers of

militia are by this act subject, and shall continue to serve as

drummers so long as they shall receive the same pay and cloath-

ing as other drummers have, or better cloathing in lieu thereof ,

and no longer.

LXXXVI . And be it further enacted, That any person able Serjeants of

and fit to serve, being a serjeant on the establishment of Chelsea Chelsea hof-

pital, andout

hospital, at the allowance of twelve-pence per day, or being an pentioners,

out pensioner on the establishment of the said hospital , at the may receive

allowance of five- pence a day, and being appointed to serve as their allow-

a serjeant in the militia , may and shall receive the said allowance ances there-

from , toge-

of twelve-pence a day or five-pence a day respectively, together ther with

withhis pay from the said militia; and any person who shall their pay in

have faithfully served as aserjeant , corporal, or drummer , in the the militia.

militia for twenty years, and who shall be discharged on account Serjeants , &c.

ofage or infirmity, shall, on the recommendation of the colonel having served

in the militia

or other commandant of the regiment, battalion, or corps to 20yearsmay

which he belongs , and the lieutenant, or two or more deputy receive the

lieutenants of the county, riding, or place to which the said Chelseapen-

AAA2

regiment, fion.

724 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 90. [1802 .

regiment, battalion, or corps belongs , or (on the death or removal ,

or in the absence of the said lieutenant) on the recommendation

of the colonel or other commandant, and three or more deputy

lieutenants of such county, riding, or place, be entitled to examination at the Chelsea board, and be capable of being placed on

the establishment of the said hospital at the pension of five-pence

per diem, ifthe said board shouldjudge him deserving thereof .

Militiatobe

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said militia

exercised

to be raised as aforesaid, shall be called out once in every year,

21 days annually,

for the purpose of being trained and exercised for the space of

and if the

twenty-one days ; and in every county, riding, orplace, in which

wholeof any it shall have been appointed , that the whole of such militia shall

placebe not not be trained or exercised at the same time, then the respective

appointedto

be trained at parts thereof shall be trained and exercised successively , until the

the same time, whole of the men serving for such county, riding, or place , shall

then as the

have been trained and exercised for the space of twenty-one

lieutenant or days ; and that for the purpose aforesaid , the men serving for

tenants, with such county, riding, or place , shall be called out to be so trained

deputy lieu-

theapproba- andexercised in such manner andin such proportion, at such time

tion of his

or times, and place or places, in such county or riding as shall

Majesty , thall

appoint .

be appointed, with the approbation of his Majesty, by the lieu-

tenant or deputy lieutenants, at a general meeting of the lieu-

tenancy to be holden as herein-before directed ; or in default of

any such meeting being holden , then by the lieutenant of the

county, riding, or place, or by three deputy lieutenants, authorised by his Majesty to act as aforesaid : provided always, that it

shall not be lawful to order less than two companies of sixty

private men at the least, with officers and serjeants, corporals

and drummers in proportion, to be trained and exercised toge-

ther, unless the militia of the county, riding, or place, do not

amount to so many: provided always, that it shall be lawful for

the lieutenant or deputy lieutenants at any general meeting of

lieutenancy , to alter the places appointed for assembling the men

for exercise, and from time to time to appoint other or additional

places, as they shall find expedient, giving the like notice thereof

as is herein required to be given of the places first to be

When any

regiment shall appointed.

LXXXVIII . Provided always, and be it enacted, That when-

have beendif- foever any regiment, battalion, or corps to be raised under this

embodied, his act, shall have been disembodied as herein-after directed, it shall

Majesty may and may be lawful for his Majesty to order and direct that such

order it not

tobe trained regiment, battalion, or corps, shall not be trained or exercised in

for 12 months. manner as is hereinafter directed, for the space of twelve calendar

months, to be calculated from the day on which it shall have

been so disembodied, or for such number of months not exceed-

During the

ing twelve months, as his Majesty shall think fit.

time of exer- LXXXIX . And be it further enacted, That, during suchtime

cife, themuti- as any militia shall be assembled for the purpose of being trained

ny act andar- andexercised, all the clauses, provisions , matters, andthings con-

ticles of war shall be in

tained in any act of parliament which shall then be in force for

forcewith re. the punishing mutiny and desertion , and for the better payment

of

!

1802.] . Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 90. 725

of the army and their quarters, and in the articles of war made spect to such

in pursuance of such act , shall be in force with respect to such militia, but

not to extend

militia , and to all the officers, non-commissioned officers, drum- tolife or limb .

mers, and private men of the fame, in all cafes whatsoever, but

so that no punishment shall extend to life or limb; and that it Officer com-

shall be lawful for the officer commanding and present with anymanding any

division of

detachment or division of militia called out to exercise under any militia called

of theprovifions of this act, not being under the rank of captain, out to exer-

to order, when he shall think it necessary, a regimental court cife, not being

martial to be held for the trial of any offence committed by any under the ofcap-

serjeant, corporal, drummer, or private man under and during rain , may

his command; and if a sufficient number of officers thall not be order court's

present to constitute such court martial, it shall be lawful for the martial to be :

commanding officer of the regiment, battalion, or corps ofmilitia, held, and the

towhich any such detachment or division of militia hall belong, commandant

of the regi-

and he is hereby required, upon application made to him by the ment, onap-

officer commanding such detachment or division for that purpose , plication , shall

to order a sufficient number of officers of proper rank to attend order a fuffi-

for the purpose of affisting at such court martial, who shall cient number

of officers to

forthwith attend the same, and assist as members thereof ; and attend, but

the sentence of every such court martial shall in every case be the sentence

submitted to the colonel or other commandant of the regiment, shall be fub-

battalion, or corps to which such detachment or division shall mitted to the

commandant.

belong ( or in his absence from the county, riding, or place) , to

the senior field officer within the fame, for his approval thereof ,

who shall cause such sentence to be put in execution, mitigated,

or remitted, as he shall in his discretion think best for the service,

XC. And be it further enacted, That notices of the times Notices of

and places of exercise of the militia men to be raised by virtue times and places of ex-

of this act, shall, by order of the general meetings oflieutenancy, ercife tobe

be sent by the clerk of the general meetings to the clerks of the fent to the

several subdivision meetings in the respective counties, ridings, subdivision

and places ; and the said deputy lieutenants, at some subdivision meeti

meetings, who

shall issue or.

meeting to be held for carrying this act into execution, after the ders forcalling

receipt of the said notices, shall cause the men serving for such out the men;

subdivision, to be called out in such order and course as shall notices shall

have been notified by the clerk of the general meetings as afore- be affixed

on the

said, and for that purpose shall issue orders to the chief constables church doors ,

or other officers of the several hundreds, rapes, lathes, wapen- which shall be

takes, or other divisions respectively, with directions to forward sufficient,

the same to the constables, tythingmen, headboroughs, and other

officers within their respective hundreds, rapes, lathes , wapen-

takes, or other divisions, which constables, tythingmen, head-

boroughs, and other officers, shall cause such notice as aforesaid

tobe affixed on the door of the churches or chapels belonging to

their respective parishes, tythings, or places, or ( if any place shall

have no church or chapel belonging thereto) on the door of the

church of chapel of some parish, tything, or place thereunto

adjoining, which notice shall be deemed a sufficient notice to

everyperson enrolled by virtue of this act, notwithstanding any

omission in the delivery of written notices in manner herein-after directed ;

AAA3

726 Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. c. 90. [1802.

Constables to directed ; and such constables, tythingmen, headboroughs, and

givewritten other officers, are hereby required also to give notice in writing

notices to the

mentoattend. to the several militia men who shall be called out to be trained

and exercised at such times and places respectively, by serving

them personally, or by leaving the same at their usual place of

abode, to attend at the time and place mentioned in such order;

and all such militia men shall duly attend at the time and place

ofexercise according to such notices respectively.

Clerks of fub-

XCI. And be it further enacted , That the clerks of the

division meet several subdivision meetings in every county, riding, or place,

ings to fend

lists of the

shall, within the space of ten days after the receipt of such notices

men enrolled,

as aforesaid from the clerk of the general meetings, cause a full

and the time

and true lift, specifying the name and date of the enrolment of

andplaceof

exercise, to

all the persons enrolled ( within each subdivision respectively), to

the command.

serve in such militia, and the time and place of exercise to be

ing officers,

transmitted to the commanding officer of the regiment, battalion,

&c.

or corps of militia, for which such persons have been enrolledby

virtue of this act , or to such person as shall be appointed by such

commanding officer to receive the same, and shall in like manner

cause a duplicate of such lift to be transmitted to the adjutant of

the said regiment, battalion, or corps; and in every case where

there is no adjutant, to the major or captain commandant of such

corps.

Pay of men

called out to

XCII . And be it further enacted , That the pay of every

exercise to

person enrolled to serve in the militia of any county, riding, or

commence on place, when not embodied and called out into actual service, and

their joining ; who shall be called out for the purpose of being trained and

but to such as

have beenpre- exercised as aforesaid, shall commence upon the day on which

ventedjoin- such person shall join the regiment, battalion, corps, detachment,

ing , the commanding of-

or division to which he shall belong, and not before : provided

ficermay di-

always, that if such person shall have been prevented joining such

rect an al-

regiment, battalion, corps, detachment , or division, by sickness

lowance to be or other sufficient cause, and shall produce to the commanding

made, on a officer thereof a satisfactory certificate of such sickness or other

satisfactory certificate .

sufficient cause , it shall be lawful for the commanding officer of

such regiment, battalion, corps, detachment, or division, and he

is hereby required to direct an allowance of pay to be made to

the person so prevented, according to the time mentioned in

such certificate as aforesaid .

Militiamen

XCIII. And be it further enacted, That, in case any militia

falling sick on

man shall on his march to theplace wherehe shall be ordered to

1

the march

maybe re-

attend for the annual exercise, be disabled by sickness or other-

lieved by war-

wife, it shall be lawful for any one justice of the peace of the

rant ofajuf-

county, riding, or place, or any mayor or chief magistrate of any

tice ,and the

city, town, or place where such man shall then be , by warrant

expence shall

bereimbur-

under his hand and seal, to order him such relief as such justice ,

fedby the countytrea-

mayor, or chief magistrate, shall think reasonable, and the same

thall be given by the officers of the parish, tything, or place

furer.

where such militia man shall then be; and the officers giving

such relief shall, upon producing an account of the expences

thereof to the treasurer of the county, riding, or place for which

such

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 90. 727

such militia man shall serve ( such account being first allowed

1

under the hand of a justice of the peace), be reimbursed such

expences bysuch treasurer, who shall be allowed the fame in his

accounts.

XCIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Magistrates

all mayors, bailiffs , constables, tythingmen, headboroughs, and maybillet the

when

other chief magistrates and officers of cities, towns, parishes, called out to

tythings, and places, and (in their default or absence) for any annual exer-

onejustice of the peace inhabiting within or near any city, town, cise , and when

not embodied

parish, tything, or place ( but for no others) and they and he are mayorder

and is respectively hereby required to quarter and billet the of- lodgings , &c.

ficers, non-commissioned officers, drummers, and private men for thenon-

serving in the militia at the times when they shall be called out commission

officers and

to annual exercise, in inns, livery stables, ale- houses, victualling drummers.

houses, and all houses of persons selling brandy , strong waters,

cyder, wine, or metheglin, by retail, upon application made to

any such mayors, bailiffs, constables, tythingmen, headboroughs,

or other chief magistrates or officers, by his Majesty's lieutenant,

orby the colonel or other commanding officer of the militia, of

the county, riding, or place where they shall be so called out to

exercise as aforesaid ; and when the militia is not embodied , nor

called out to exercise as aforesaid, all mayors and other chief

magistrates and officers aforesaid, or (in their default or absence)

any one justice of the peace as aforesaid , may , and they and he

are and is hereby respectively required to order and provide convenient lodging with fire and candle in such houses as aforesaid,

for the serjeants, corporals, and drummers of the militia.

XCV. And be it further enacted, That when the militia shall Justices ' to

be called out to be trained and exercised, any justice of the peace grant war-

of any county, riding, or place , being thereunto required by an

rants for im-

order from the lieutenant pressing car-

or from any deputy lieutenant of such riages for the

county, riding, or place, or from the colonel or other command- militia on its

ing officer of any regiment , battalion, corps, detachment, or march.

division of militia, being within such county, riding, or place,

may and shall issue his warrant to the chief constables of hundreds, rapes, lathes, wapentakes, or divisions, or to the consta-

bles , tythingmen, headboroughs, or other officers of the several

parishes, tythings, or places, from, through, near, or to which

any such regiment, battalion, corps, detachment , or division of

militia, shall be ordered to march, requiring them to provide

such sufficient carriages to convey the arms, cloaths, accoutre-

ments, ammunition, and other stores, with able men to drive such

carriages, as shall be mentioned in the said order ; and in case

such sufficient carriages and men cannot be provided within any

such county, riding, hundred, rape, lathe, wapentake, division,

parish , tything, or place , then anyjustice of the peace for any

adjoining county, riding, or place , may and shall, upon such

order as aforesaid being shewn unto him, issue his warrant to the

chief constables, constables, tythingmen, headboroughs, or other

officers of any hundred, rape, lathe, wapentake, division, parish,

tything , or place within such adjoining county, riding,

AAA4 ог

728 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 90. [1802.

or place, for the purposes aforesaid, to make up such deficiency

Rates to be

paid for car

riages.

of carriages and men; and such lieutenant , deputy lieutenant, or

colonel, or other commanding officer, requiring such carriages

and men to be provided as aforesaid, shall at the same time pay

to every such chief constable, tythingman, headborough or other

officer , for the use of the person or persons who shall provide such

carriages and men, the sum of one milling for every mile any

waggon with five horses, and any wain with fix oxen, or with

four oxen and two horses, shall respectively travel; and the sum

ofnine- pence for every mile any such cart with four horses shall

travel, and fo in proportion for any carriages drawn by any less

number of horses or oxen ; for which respective sums every chief

constable, constable, tythingman, headborough, or other officer

receiving the fame, is hereby required to give a receipt to the

person paying the fame ; and every such chief constable , constable, tythingman, headborough, or other officer, shall order

and appoint such person or persons having carriages, within their

respective hundreds, rapes, lathes, wapentakes, divisions, parishes, tythings, or places , as they shall think proper, to provide

and furnish such carriages and men, according to the warrant

aforesaid ; and every person so ordered, is hereby required to

provide and furnish the fame accordingly for one day's journey ,

Ifthe ex-

and no more ; and in case any such chief constables, constables ,

pence exceed

tythingmen, headboroughs, or other officers, shall be at any

therates, the

overplus shall

charges for such carriages, over and above the moneywhich shall

be repaid by

be to received by them as aforesaid, such overplus shall be borne

byevery county, riding, or place, where such additional expence

the county treasurer.

shall be incurred , and be repaid to them without fee or reward

bythe treasurer of every such county, riding, or place, out of the

publick stock .

Militia men,

XCVI. And be it further enacted, That, when any regiment,

when called

out to exer-

battalion, or corps of militia, or any detachment or division

cife maybe

thereof as aforesaid, shall be assembled for the purpose of being

putunder stoppages for

trained and exercised, it shall be lawful for the captain or commanding officer of every company, to put the militia men of his

providing themwith

company under stoppages, not exceeding four-pence per day,

linen ,&c.

for the purpose of providing them with linen , and also with other

necessaries , and for defraying the expence of repairing any arms

which mall have been broken or damaged by any such militia

man's neglect : provided always, that every such captain or commanding officer shall account with each militia man for such

stoppage, and after having deducted what shall have been laid out

and paid for necessaries , and for repairing the arms as aforesaid ,

shall pay the sum remaining (if any there shall be), into the

hands of the militia man to whom the fame belongs, before such

militia man shall be disinissed from such training and exercise,

Returns of the

XCVII. And be it further enacted, That the colonel or other

militia when commanding officer of every regiment , battalion, or corps of

called out to

be exercised, militia, as often as his regiment, battalion, or corps shall be call-

to be made by ed out to exercise as before directed , and within fourteen days

the colonel, from the time of assembling, shall and he is hereby required to

return

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 90. 729

return to the lieutenant of the county , riding, or place to which &c. to the

the fame belongs, a true state of such regiment, battalion, or county lieu-

corps, and a duplicate thereof to the clerk to the general meet-

tenant, &c.

ings, to be filed ; and where the militia of any county, riding, or

place, shall be fo ordered to be trained and exercised in parts or

proportions successively in manner directed by this act, the officer

commanding every such part or proportion for the time being

shall , within seven days after the assembling of such part or pro-

portion, make a return of the state of the militia exercised by

him or under his command to the colonel or commanding

officer of the regiment, battalion, or corps, to which the militia

so exercised shall belong, on pain of forfeiting twenty pounds

for every such omission ; and the colonel or commanding

officer receiving such returns, shall, within fourteen days after

all the returns of men belonging to his regiment , battalion, or

corps, who shall have been so assembled , shall have been receiv-

ed by him, transmit a general return to the lieutenant of the

county , riding, or place, to which such militia shall belong, and

a duplicate thereof , to the clerk of the general meetings, to be

filed ; and in case any officer shall refuse or neglect, for three Penalty for

months after the time herein appointed for making such returns,

neglect.

so to do, he shall , for every such offence, forfeit and pay the fum

offifty pounds .

XCVIII. And be it further enacted, That the captain or com- Captains of

manding officer of every company of militia called out to exer- companies to

make out a

cise under this act, shall, during the time of such exercise, make return in the

out a correct and accurate return of the state of the classes of the form in the

men belonging to his company , arranged according to the form schedule (F. ) ,

in the schedule to this act annexed, marked (F.), specifying the for the adju-

tant, or where

several particulars therein mentioned, and the subdivision to none, for the

which every such man shall belong, and hall deliver or transmit commanding

the same to the adjutant of the regiment, battalion, or corps, or officer, who

where there shall be no adjutant to the commanding officer of shall make out

ageneral re-

the militia of the county, riding, or place, to whichsuch companyturn ,and

shall belong ; and such adjutant or commanding officer (as the transmit the

case may be) shall, within one month after every such exercise as fame to the

aforesaid, prepare and make out a general and accurate return of clerk of the

general

all such classes, according to such form, and with such specification meetings, and

as aforesaid, and shall transmit the same to the clerk of the necessary ex-

general meetings, and shall also transmit to the clerks oftracts to the

the subdivision meetings within the county, riding, or place, to clerk of the subdivifions ,

the militia of which he shall belong , extracts of such return, who shall cora

containing the state of the classes of men belonging to their re- reet their

spective subdivisions ; and such subdivision clerks shall forthwith books of en-

correct the books of enrolment of their respective subdivisions, so rolments

therefom.

as to correspond accurately with such return, and the clerk to Clerk to the

the general meetings shall forthwith, upon receipt of such return general.

as aforesaid, and within two months after the expiration ofTuch meeting,

exercise as aforesaid, make out and transmit to one of his Ma- within a cer-

jesty's principal secretaries of state, correct abstracts of all such tainperiod ,

to transmit to

returns as aforesaid, made out in the form in the schedule the secretary

marked ofstate , an

abstract of

730 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 90. [1802 .

returnsin the marked (G.) , to this act annexed ; and every person so required

form in schedule (G. ) as aforesaid to make any such return, who shall refuse or neglect

to make the fame in manner aforesaid, at the period hereby

Penalty for neglecting to required for that purpose, shall , for every such offence , forfeit

make returns, and pay the sum of fifty pounds.

Men not ap- XCIX. And be it further enacted, That every militia man

pearing at the ( not labouring under any infirmity incapacitating him), who shall

time andplace not appear at the time and place appointed for his being exercised

of exercise, or

absenting according to the directions of his act ( notice having beenpublished

themselves and given as by this act required), shall be deemed a deserter, and

duringthat ifnot taken until after the time of any such exercise , shall forfeit

time , ifnot

taken tillafter, and pay the sum oftwentypounds ; and also every militia man, who

shall forfeit having joined the regiment , battalion, or corps to which he be-

201. or shall be longs , or any company or companies, or detachment or division

committedfor thereof , shall desert or absent himselfduring the time of any such

fixmonths.

exercise , and shall not be taken until after the time of such exer-

cise , shall forfeit and pay the sum oftwenty pounds ; and if such

penalty shall not be immediately paid, the justice of the peace

before whom any militia man shall be convicted of any such

offence , shall commit such militia man to the house of correction

to hard labour, or to the common gaol, there to remain, without

bail or mainprize, for the space of six months, or until he shall

have paid the said penalty.

If menabfent C. And be it further enacted, That in case any militia man

themselves, shall desert or absent himself from his duty, and shall not return

and donot re- and voluntarily surrender himself to the adjutant or other officer,

turn, or are not

taken within commissioned or noncommissioned, commanding at the city, town,

threemonths, or place where the arms of the regiment , battalion, or corps to

others are to which he shall belong, shall be deposited , or shall not be taken

beballotted

for. within the space of three months from the time of his so deserting

or absenting himself , then upon certificate thereoffrom the commanding officer of the regiment, battalion, or corps to which he

belonged, to the deputy lieutenants, at any of their meetings for

the subdivision for which such militia man was enrolled, such de-

putylieutenants, or any two or more of them, are hereby required

to hold a subdivision meeting, and to proceed to ballot for another

person to serve and be returned to such regiment, battalion, or

Whenever

such men re-

corps, in the room of such militia man; and in case such militia

turn or are

man shall at any time thereafter return or be taken , he shall ,

taken, they notwithstanding any person shall have been chosen in his room,

shall be com- be compelled to serve in the same manner, and for the fame

pelled to serve. term, as if no person had been so chosen in his room.

Muskets to be CI. And be it further enacted, That all muskets delivered for

marked, and the service of the militia shall be marked distinctly in some visible

if anymenfell,

pawn, or lofe, place with the letter (M) , and the name of the county, riding, or

their arms, place to which they belong ; and in case any militia manshall

&c. or neglect sell, pawn, or lose any of his arms, cloaths, accoutrements, or

toreturnthem ammunition, or neglect or refuse to return the fame in good or-

ingoodorder

theyshall for. der to his captain, or to the person appointed to receive the fame,

feit not ex-every such militia man shall, for every such offence , forfeit and

ceeding 31. orpay a sum not exceeding three pounds; and if such militia man

hallbecom- Chall

1802. ] Annoregni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. C. 90. 731

shall not immediately pay such penalty , the justice of the peace mittedfor not

before whom he shall be convicted shall commit him to the house exceeding

three months.

of correction, to be kept to hard labour for any time not exeed-

ingthree months, or until he shall have paid the said penalty.

CII. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall know- Penalty for

ingly and wilfully buy, take in exchange, conceal or otherwise buyingmilitia

receive any militia arms, cloaths, or accoutrements, or any such arms, &c.

articles belonging to any militia man as are generally deemed

regimental necessaries, according to the custom of the army,

being provided for the soldier, and paid for by deductions out of

his pay , or any publick stores or ammunition whatever delivered

for the militia, upon any account or pretence whatsoever, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, the person so

offending shall forfeit and pay for every such offence the fum of

ten pounds ; and if such offender shall not immediately pay such

penalty, and shall not have sufficient goods and chattels whereon

to levy such penalty, the justice before whom he or she shall be

convicted small commit him or her to the common gaol, there to

remain, without bail or mainprize, for the space of six months, or

untilhe or she shall have paid the said fine, or shall cause such

offender to be publickly or privately whipped, at the discretion

of suchjustice.

CIII. And be it further enacted, That every adjutant, serjeant When the

major, serjeant, corporal, drum major, and drummer of the mili- militia is not

tia , shall be at all times subject to any act which shall be in force embodied,

for punishing mutiny and desertion , and for the better payment adjutants,&c.

of the army and their quarters, and to the articles of war, under by

under may be tried

a court

the command of the colonel or other commandant of the regiment, martial for

battalion , or corps to which he belongs, and it shall be lawful for offences, and

serjeants,&c.

thecolonel or other commandant of any regiment , battalion, or for desertion

corps ofmilitia , to direct the holding of courts martial as herein- while the re-

after directed, for the trial of anyferjeant major, serjeant , corpo- gimentwas

ral, drum major, or drummer of such regiment, battalion, or embodied, and

corps, by either a general or regimental court martial, for any

not taken.

offence against the said act or articles of war, committed during

thetime such regiment, battalion, or corps shall not be embodied ,

and for the trial of any serjeant, corporal, drummer, or private

man of such regiment , battalion , or corps, whoshall have deserted

while the said regiment, battalion, or corps was embodied, and

shall not have been apprehended till after it shall have been dif-

embodied, but so that no punishment shall extend to the loss of

life or limb .

CIV. And be it further enacted, That, if a sufficient number Commandant

of officers to form a court martial cannot be found , it shall be of the corpsto

which the

lawful for the colonel or other commandant, and in his absence offender thall

for the senior field officer of the regiment, battalion, or corps to belong, may

which the person onwhom such court martial is to be held, shall order any offi-

cers of the

belong , to order any officers of the militia of the county, riding, militiaof the

or place to which such regiment, battalion, or corps shall belong county, refi-

actually resident within the town where such serjeant major, serje- dentwhere the

ant , corporal, drum major , or drummer is to be tried , or within trial is to be,

or within 10

tenmiles, to assist

732 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 90. [ 1802 ,

as members often miles thereof , to attend and assist as members of such court

the court mar- martial, who shall thereupon attend at the time required, and

tial , butthey

shall not be

assist accordingly, but no officer shall be entitled to receive pay

entitled to pay, for any such attendance : provided always, that no sentence of

Sentence not any court martial held as aforesaid on anyferjeant major, serjeant ,

tobeput in corporal, drum major, or drummer, or private man as aforesaid,

execution un- shall be put in execution , until it shall have been confirmed bythe

by the co-

ti confirmed, colonel or other commandant, or by the field officer by whole

lonel, &c.

order such court martial was assembled.

Non- commif- CV. And be it further enacted, That any serjeant, corporal,

fioned officers or drummer of the militia, may , by sentence of a court martial,

anddrummers be reduced to the condition of a private militia man, to serve as

maybe re- such during any time not exceeding fifteen months, in case the

duced to serve

as privates for regiment, battalion, or corps to which he belong's, shall not be

acertain pe- then embodied or called out into actual service; and in cafe the

riod, and ifnot regiment, battalion, or corps to which he belongs shall be then

thenrestored, embodied or called out into actual service to serve as aforesaid,

they hall be

discharged.

until the disembodying of the said regiment , battalion, or corps,

after which time or at the end of the said fifteen months, as the

cafe maybe, if not regularly re-appointed to the rank of a non-

commissioned officer or drummer, he shall be discharged from

Arms, &c.

the service.

when the mi-

litiais not em-

CVI. And be it further enacted, That the arms, accoutre-

bodied , to be ments, cloathing, and other stores, belonging to every regiment,

kept in aplace battalion, or corps of militia, when not embodied, shall be kept

appointed by in such convenient place as the colonel or other commandant

the command- shall direct, with the approbation of the lieutenant of the county,

ant , with the

approbation of riding, or place; and it shall be lawful for the general meeting of

the countylieu- lieutenancy for any county, riding, or place, to order and direct

tenant , which aconvenient and proper place for that purpose to be provided or

the general built, if no such convenient and proper place can be found, the

meeting may hire or cost of which place shall be paid for by the treasurer of

tobepro-

videdor built, such county ,riding, or place, out of the county rates .

Non- commif- CVII. And be it further enacted, That all the serjeants,

sion officers corporals, and drummers, in every regiment, battalion, and corps

torefidewhere

anddrummers of militia, shall constantly be resident within the city , town or

the arms are place, where the arms belonging to such regiment , battalion, of

kept, and be corps, are kept, and shall be under the commandof the adjutant ,

under thecom- who also shall be constantly resident within the said city , town, or

of the

adjutant , and place, ( unless as herein- after provided), and shall act in such

command under the orders of the colonel or other commandant

monthlyre-

turns of their of such regiment , battalion, or corps ; and that the adjutant, and ,

state shall be in his occasional and unavoidable absence, the serjeant major, or

made by him (where there is no serjeant major), the senior serjeant, small make

or in

fencebythe monthlyreturns of the true state of the serjeants, corporals, and

serjeantmajor, drummers of the regiment, battalion , or corps severally , to his

&c. to the

Majesty's secretary of state, to the lieutenant of the county , and

secretary of

to the colonel or other commandant of the said regiment ,

state , the

county lieu- battalion, or corps, in default of which, on each such neglect,

tenant, and such adjutant or serjeant major shall be subject to such punishment

the command- as acourt martial hall adjudge ; and that no serjeant, corporal,

of

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimosecundoGEORGII III. C. 90. 733

or drummer, shall be absent from such city , town, or place, ant of the

without a regular furlough or licence in writing, signed by his corps .

colonel or other commandant ; and every serjeant, corporal, and Serjeants, &c.

drummer, absent on furlough or licence , shall respectively receive absent on

leave to re-

during the time of such absence the pay following; (that is to ceive pay as

fay ), every serjeant the fum of one shilling , every corporal the herein sp.ci-

fum ofeight - pence, and every drummer the sum of fix-pence per fied, and if

day respectively, and no more; and every serjeant, corporal, and absentwith-

out, to forfeit

drummer, who shall absent himself without such furlough or their pay, and

licence , shall forfeit all pay during the time of such absence, and be deemed

be liable to be apprehended and punished as a deserter ; and such deserters.

adjutant shall never absent himself from such city, town, or Adjutant not

place , without leave of the colonel or other commandant of such to be absent

regiment , battalion, or corps, nor for more than three calendar withoutleave,

nor for more

months in one year except in case of sickness: provided never- than 3 months

theless, that whenever such adjutant shall be absent with such in theyear ex-

leave as aforesaid , then such serjeants, corporals, and drummers, cept in sick-

shall be under the command of the battalion clerk, if he shall be ness ; and

whenabfent .

a commissioned officer of such regiment , battalion, or corps, or the serjeants ,

otherwise of the serjeant major, or of some serjeant who shall be &c. to be un-

appointed by the said adjutant , with the approbation of the said der thecom-

mand of the

colonel or other commandant , to act as serjeant major during battalion

the absence of such adjutant or of the senior serjeant, when the clerk, &c .

corps has not any adjutant or serjeant major.

CVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any militia manMethod of

shall not join the regiment , battalion, corps, detachment, or proceeding wheninforma-

division to which he belongs, at the time of annual exercise, or tion is re

shall desert during the time of annual exercise, and shall not be ceived of the

apprehended before the expiration of the time appointed for such residence of a

exercise, and if the commanding officer , or the adjutant of such militia man

who shall not

regiment, battalion, or corps, or the commanding officer of thejoinat the an-

company, detachment, or division to which such offender belongs, nual exercite ,

hall receive information of the place where he shall be or reside, or shalldefert

any such commanding officer or adjutant may, by writing under during it and

his hand, describethe person of such offender, and also certify that not be appre-

hended .

hedid notjoin the regiment, battalion , corps, detachment, or

division, at the time of annual exercise , or that he deserted during

the time of annual exercise (as the cafe may be), and send the

same by a serjeant, corporal, or drummer of such regiment,

battalion, or corps, to the adjutant or serjeant major of the

regiment, battalion, or corps, or to the senior serjeant when

there is no adiutant or serjeant major of the corps, of the county,

riding , or place wherein such offender is supposed to be or

reside; and the adjutant , serjeant major, or senior serjeant, to

whom such certificate shall be fent , shall forthwith direct a party

of the serjeants, corporals, or drummers of the regiment, batta-

lion, or corps to which he belongs, to assist in apprehending

such offender, and in conveying him befare some justice of the

peace of the county, riding, or division, wherein such offender

shall be apprehended; and if by his confession, or the testimony

of any witness or witnesses upon oath, or the knowledge of such justice ,

734 Annoregni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 90. [1802.

justice, it shall appear or be found that such person is guilty of

such offence, such adjutant, serjeant major , or senior serjeant as

aforesaid, shall order a party of the serjeants, corporals, or

drummers under his command, to convey such offender to the

head quarters of the regiment, battalion, or corps of militia of

the next county, riding, or piace in the way to the county,

riding, or place, to which such offender belongs, anddeliver him

into the custody of the adjutant or serjeant major of such

regiment, battalion, or corps, or senior serjeant as aforesaid, who

shall cause him to be conveyed in like manner to the adjutant of

serjeant major of the regiment , battalion, or corps, or feniot

serjeant of the corps of the next county, riding, or place, and fo

in like manner until such offender shall be delivered into the

custody of the adjutant or serjeant major of the regiment, battalion ,

or corps, or fen or serjeant as aforesaid, of the corps to which he

belongs, who shall take him before ajustice of the peace , tobe

dealt with as this act directs in cafes of militia men deserting or

absenting themselves from their duty when not embodied or

called out into actual service ; and from the time of his being fo

apprehended as aforesaid, until he is brought before such justice

of the peace as aforesaid, such offender shall be subsisted at the

rate of sixpenceper day from the stock of the county , riding , or

place to which such regiment , battalion, or corps belongs; for

which subsistence such justice is hereby required to make such

Method of

order upon the treasurer of the county, riding, or place; and if

proceeding

anyferjeant, corporal, or drummer shall desert from the regiment,

where persons battalion, or corps towhich he belongs, it shall be lawful for any

are found suf-

pected to be headborough, constable, or other officer of the town or place

non- commif- where any person who may be reasonably suspected to be such

fioned officers deserter shall be found , to cause such person to be apprehended

or drummers and taken before any justice of the peace living in or near to such

who have

deserted. town or place, who is hereby empowered to examine such ful-

pected person; and if by his confession, or the testimony of any

witness or witnesses upon oath, or by the knowledge of such

justice , it shall appear or be found that such suspected person is

such deserter , such justice shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed to the common gaol of the county or place where he shall

be found , or the house of correction or other publick prison in

the town or place in or near to which such deserter shall be ap-

prehended , there to remain until he shall be demanded by some

person or persons authorised to receive him as herein-after

directed, and shall transmit an account thereof to the clerk of

thegeneral meetings of the county , riding, orplace, to which

Gaolers to re- such deserter belongs; and the keeper of such gaol, house of

ceive the sub- efub correction, or prison, shall receive the full subsistence of tuch

fistence

ferters while deserter at the rate above specified for his maintenance , during

confined ,but the time he shall continue in his custody , but shall not be en-

no fee.titled to anytee or reward on account of his imprisonment; and

such clerk of the general meetings receiving such account, thall

immediately transmit acopythereof to the colonel orcommand-

ing officer of the regiment , battalion, or corps of his county , riding ,

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III . C. 90. 735

riding, or place ; and also to the adjutant or other officer commanding the serjeants, corporals, and drummers of such regiment , battalion, or corps, and where there are more than one

regiment, battalion, or corps in any county, riding, or place,

such clerk shall send such copy to each of the colonels or other

commandants, or commanding officers of such regiments, bat-

talions, and corps; and also to each of the adjutants or officers

commanding serjeants, corporals, and drummers, within his

county , riding, or place; and the colonel or commanding officer

of the regiment, battalion, or corps to which such deserter shall

be found to belong , or the adjutant or officer commanding the

serjeants, corporals, and drummers of such regiment, battalion,

or corps, shall and he is hereby required, immediately on receiving such copy as aforesaid, to send any serjeant, corporal,

ordrummer, or any party of the serjeants , corporals, or drum-

mers of his regiment, battalion, or corps, to the place where such

deserter shall be so confined, and shall also send by such serjeant ,

corporal , or drummer, or the serjeant commanding such party

of serjeants, corporals, or drummers, an order, under his hand

and seal, to the keeper of the said goal , house of correction, or

prison, requiring him to deliver such deserter to the person or

persons therein named, which he is hereby required to do; and

the serjeant, corporal, or drummer to whom such deserter shall

be so ordered to be delivered, in cafe one only shall be sent on

such duty, hall apply to the adjutant or serjeant major of the

regiment, battalion, or corps, or to the senior serjeant of the

corps of the county, riding, or place where such deserter shall

be fo confined as aforesaid, and such adjutant, serjeant major,

or serjeant , shall order a sufficient party of the serjeants, corpo-

rals, or drummers under his command, to assist in conveying

such deserter, and he shall be conveyed to the adjutant or fer-

jeantmajor of the regiment , battalion, or corps, or senior fer-

jeant of the corps to which he belongs, in the same manner as

before directed with respect to the conveying ofprivate militia

mento the adjutant or serjeant major of the regiment, battalion,

or corps, or senior serjeant of the corps to which they belong ;

and such adjutant, or serjeant major or serjeant , ( hall take such

deserter , before a justice of the peace of the county, riding, or

place to which he belongs, who shall forthwith cause him to be

conveyed to the common goal, house of correction, or other

publick prison of such county , riding, or place where he shall

remain, without bail or mainprize, until a court martial can and

shall be summoned, and held for the trial of such deserters, according to the provisions of this act, when he shall be delivered

to the person or persons named in any order to be issued for

that purpose, under the hand and seal of the officer, by whose

authority such court martial shall be summoned, requiring the

delivery of such deserter ; and all gaolers and keepers of prisons Gaolers to

thall, (if required so to do by any serjeant, corporal, or drum- receive and

confine de-

mer , employed in conveying any such militia man or serjeant , ferters on pe-

corporal, or drummer so offending to the regiment, battalion, nalty of20s.

or

736 Annoregni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. c.90. [1802 .

or corps to which he belongs), receive into their custody,

and confine such offender for such time as they shall be respectively so required as aforesaid , not exceeding twenty- four

hours; and every such gaoler or keeper of any prison

who shall refuse so to do , shall forfeit the fum of twenty shil-

Serjeants, &c. lings ; and all such serjeants , corporals, and drummers while

conveying they are employed in executing such duty as aforesaid, and all

deserters, or other serjeants, corporals, and drummers of the militia while

onanymarch ,

tobebilletted , on any march, or employed on anyduty upon which they may

be commanded by any legal authority, shall be billetted in like

manner as serjeants, corporals, or drummers belonging to his

Majesty's other forces, employed in apprehending and convey-

ing deserters, are to be billetted.

Persons ap- prehending

CIX. And be it further enacted, That the justice of the

peace before whom any deserter shall be convicted, shall and

deserters to

bepaid 20s.

may issue his warrant to the clerk of the regiment, battalion or

bywarrant of

corps towhich such deserter shall belong , or (where there is no

thejufticebe-

clerk) to the commanding officer, requiring such clerk or such

fore whom

convicted.

commanding officer, to pay out of the stock of such regiment,

battalion, or corps, the sum of twenty shillings to the person

who shall have apprehended such deserter; and such clerk or

commanding officer is hereby authorised and required to pay the

same accordingly on demand.

Persons con-

CX . And be it further enacted , That if any person shall

cealing or af- harbour, conceal, or assist any deserter, knowing him to be such,

fiftingde- ferters to for.

the person so offending shall forfeit for every such offence, the

feitsl .

fum of five pounds.

CXI. And be it further enactad, That, in all cases of actual

His Majesty mayorder the

invasion, or upon imminent danger thereof , and in all cafes of

militia to be

rebellion or insurrection, it shall be lawful for his Majesty, (the

embodied in

occasion being first communicated to parliament, ifthe parliament

cafes of in-

vafion, re-

shall be then fitting, or declared in council, and notifiedby

bellion, &c.

proclamation, if no parliament shall be then fitting or in being),

andputunder to order and direct the lieutenants of the said several counties ,

the command

ridings, and places, or' on the death or removal, or in the ab-

of general officers, and

sence from their respective counties, ridings, or places, of any

led by their respective of

of them, then any three or more deputy lieutenants, with all

convenient speed, to draw out and embody all the regiments ,

ficers into any

battalions, and corps ofmilitia, within their respective counties,

part of Great Britain ; and

ridings, and places herein-before appointed to be raised and

while so em.

trained, or fo manyof them, or such partor proportion of them , or

bodied, shall

any of them, as his Majesty shall in his wisdomjudge necessary, and

be subject to

in such manner as shall be best adapted to the circumstances of the

themutiny

danger, and to put the said forces under the command of such

act and arti-

general officers as his Majesty shall be pleased to appoint, and

cles of war.

to direct the said forces to be led by their respective officers into

any parts of Great Britain, for the repelling and prevention of

any invasion , and for the suppression of anyrebellion or infur-

rection within Great Britain; and from the time of any regiment, battalion, or corps of militia, being called out and em-

bodied as aforesaid until the same shall be returned again to its

OWA

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III.c.90. 737

own county , riding, or place, and disembodied by his Majesty's

order, the officers, non-commissioned officers, drummers, and

private men of every such regiment , battalion, or corps, shall be

subject to all the provisions contained in any act of parliament

which shall be then in force for punishing mutiny and defer-

tion, and for the better payment of the army and their quarters,

and the articles of war made in pursuance thereof; and all the

provisions contained in every such act , and articles of war, shall

be in force with respect to the militia, and shall extend to all

the officers, non- commifsioned officers, drummers, and private

men of the militia, while embodied as aforesaid, in all cafes

whatsoever.

CXII . Provided always, and be it further enacted, That Militia not to

neither the whole nor any part of the militia directed by this be ordered out

of Great Bri-

act to be raised and maintained, shall on any account be carriedtain .

or ordered to go out of Great Britain.

CXIII. And be it further enacted, That, whenever his Ma- When his

jesty thall cause the militia to be drawn out and embodied as Majestyshallfo

order the mi-

aforesaid if the parliament shall then be separated by such ad- litia to be em-

journment or prorogation as will not expire within fourteen bodied, he

days, his Majesty may and shall issue a proclamation for the shall issue a proclamation

meeting of the parliament within fourteen days, and the par-for the meet

liament shall accordingly meet and fit upon such day as shall ing of parlia-

be appointed by such proclamation, and continue to fit andment in

act in like manner, to all intents and purposes , as if it had 14 days .

stood adjourned or prorogued to the fame day.

CXIV. And be it further enacted, That the lieutenant ofWhen the

- every county, riding and place , or (on the death or removalmilitia is or-

dered to be

of any such lieutenant, or in his absence from his county, riding, drawn out, the

or place) any three or more deputy lieutenants , to whom anycounty lieu-

order from his Majesty for drawing out and embodying the tenants shall

whole of the militia of such county, riding, or place, shall be issue orders

directed, shall forthwith issue his or their order to the chiefaccordingly,

con-

constables, or other officers of the several hundreds, rapes, lathes, stables shall

wapentakes , or other divisions within their respective counties, cause notice to

ridings , and places, with directions to forward the fame im - be giventothe

mediately to the constables, tythingmen, headboroughs, or other men to attend.

officers of the several parishes, tythings, and places within their

respective hundreds, rapes, lathes, wapentakes, and divisions ;

and such constables, tythingmen, headboroughs, or other of-

ficers, are hereby required, upon receipt thereof , forthwith to

cause notice in writing to be given to the several militia men,

or left at their usual places of abode, within their respective parishes, tythings, or places, to attend at the time and place

mentioned in such order.

CXV. And be it further enacted, That no officer serving inMilitia offi.

the militia, shall fit in any court-martial upon the trial of anyontrials of

cers not to fit

officer or soldier serving in any of his Majesty's other forces ; officers or fol .

nor shall any officer, serving in any of his Majesty's otherdiers of the

forces, fit in any court - martial upon the trial of any officer other forces ,

or soldier serving in the militia.

nor contrari-

VOL. XLIII. BBB CXVI. And

wife .

738 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 90. [ 1802.

Ifmilitia men CXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any person of the

shall not

said militia , ordered to be drawn out and embodied as afore-

march in our said, (not labouring under any infirmity incapacitating him to

der, they shall serve as a militia man), shall not appear and march in pur-

be deemed fuance of such order, every such militia man shall be liable to

deserters, and be apprehended and punished as a deserter, according to the

persons har-- bouring them provisions of any act which shall be then in force for punish-

shall forfeit

1001. ing mutiny and desertion, and for the better payment of the

army and their quarters, and of the articles of war, made in pur-

fuance of the fame; and if any person shall harbour and conceal any such militia man, when ordered to be drawn out and

embodied as aforesaid, knowing him to be such militia man,

every such person shall , for every such offence, forfeit and pay

Militiawhen the fum of one hundred pounds.

ordered to be

CXVII. And be it further enacted, That, from the date of

drawn out , to his Majesty's warrant for drawing out the militia of any county,

be entitled to

riding, or place, into actual service, the officers and men of the

the fame pay militia of such county, riding, or place, shall be entitled to the

fantry ; and same pay as the officers and men of his Majesty's other infan-

non-com- try forces, and no other ; and if any non-commissioned officer,

miffioaed of- drummer, or private man of the militia, shall be maimed or

ficers and

men maimed wounded in actual service , he shall be equally entitled to the

or wounded, benefit of Chelsea hospital with any non-commissioned officer ,

entitled to the drummer, or private man belonging to any of his Majesty's

Benefit of

other forces .

Chelsea hospi-

tal .

CXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That

the pay of every officer , serjeant, corporal, drummer, and private

Pay of the officers and

man, who thall not join his regiment, battalion , or corps of

men who thall

militia, on the day appointed for that purpose, shall commence

notjoinon

only from the day of his joining such regiment, battalion, or

thedayap- pointedun-

corps, unless such officer, serjeant, corporal, drummer, or private

lets prevented

man, shall have been prevented from joining on the day ap-

byneceflity,

pointed as aforesaid by sickness or any other inevitableneceffity , to

mallcom-

be proved to the satisfaction of the commanding officer of the

menceonly

regiment, battalion, or corps, in which case such officer, serjeant,

from the day corporal, or drummer, or private man may, by order of his

of joining.

commanding officer, be accounted with for his pay from the

date of his Majesty's warrant as aforesaid.

Pay ofmen inrolled after

CXIX. And be it further enacted, That the pay of every

person enrolled to serve in the militia of any county, riding , or

themilitia is

place, after such militia shall have been embodied and called

embodied to

commence

out into actual service, shall commence upon the day on which

from the day such person thalljoin the regiment , battalion , orcorps to which

ofjoining, but he shall belong , and not before: provided always, that it shall

an allowance be lawful for the deputy lieutenants or justices of the peace by

may bemade whom any such person shall have been so enrolled , to order

them at time

ofenrolment

and direct an allowance to be made to such person, for the pur-

to enable them

pose of enabing him to proceed and join the regiment, bat-

to march,

talion, or corps to which he may belong , not exceeding the rate

and paid by of the pay of fo many days as would enable him to march from

the

1802. ] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 90. 739

the place where he was enrolled to the place where the said the clerk of

regiment , battalion , or corps may be stationed, to be calculat- the subdivi- fion, who

ed at the rate of not less than ten miles per day, with the usual shall be re-

number of halting days ; and the said allowance of pay shall be paid by the

advanced to such person at the time of his enrolment by the receiver gene-

clerk of the subdivision meeting, under the order of the deputy ral of the land

tax.

lieutenants or justices aforesaid, or one of them, and shall be

repaid to the said subdivision clerk by the receiver general

of the land tax , on the production of a certificate to that effect,

signed by the said deputy lieutenants orjustices, or one of them,

and the said receiver general shall be allowed for the same

in his accounts accordingly.

CXX. And be it further enacted, That, when any regiment, When a re-

battalion, or corps of militia, shall be drawn out into actual giment is

drawn out, an

service, and during the time it shall continue in actual service, agenttobe

the colonel or other commandant thereof shall and may ap- appointed,

point an agent to such regiment , battalion, or corps, and shall from whom

take security from such agent, and such colonel or other com-

the colonel

mandant shall be and is hereby made subject and liable to make

shall take fe-

curity, and

good all deficiencies that may happen from the said agent or shall make

from himself , upon account of the pay, cloathing, or publick gooddefici-

tock of such regiment, battalion, or corps .

encies in pay,

CXXI. And be it further enacted, That, when the militia

&c.

of any county, riding, or place, shall be ordered out into

When the

militia isor-

actual service, the receiver general of the rates and duties undered out, the

der the management of the commissioners for the affairs of receiver ge-

taxes for such county , riding, or place, shall and is hereby re- neral of the

quired forthwith to pay to the captain or other commanding the manage-

duties under

officer of every company of militia so ordered out , the sum of ment of the

one guinea for the use of every private militia man belonging commission-

to his company; and the said receiver general shall also pay to ers for taxes,

every captain or other commanding officer of a company as shall pay to

the captainof

aforesaid , the fum of one guinea for every recruit, as early as every com-

may be after such recruit shall have joined his company, while pany one

out in actual service as aforesaid (all which money fo paid by guinea for

the use of

the said receiver general shall be allowed him in his accounts); each man,

and the money fo received by any captain or other command- and also for

ing officer, or so much thereof as such captain or commanding each recruit

officer shall think proper, shall be laid out in the manner he as early as

shall think most advantageous for the respective militia men; and may be after

hasjoined,

such captain or commanding officer shall , on or before the to be laid out

twenty- fourth day of the month next ensuing that in which for his ad-

he shall have received such one guinea as aforesaid, account to vantage.

such militia man how the said fum of one guinea hath been ap- Captains to

plied and disposed of , and shall, at the time of settling such ac- the men for

account with

count , pay the remainder of the money (if any) to the said the fame.

militia man .

CXXII. And be it further enacted, That in case any person Half the price

not possessed of any estate in land, goods, or money, of the clear of volunteers

valueof five hundred pounds, and who shall make oath that he

shall be paid

bytheparith

BBB2

is officers to

740 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 90. [1802.

persons is not possessed of such estate , shall be chosen by ballot to serve

chosen by

ballotwho

in the militia for any parish, tything, or place , where the said

shall serve or

militia is drawn or ordered out for actual service, and such per-

provide afub- son shall be approved, sworn, and enrolled as aforesaid, or shall

stitute, on provide a fit person to serve as his substitute , who shall be ap-

heir making proved, sworn, and enrolled as aforesaid, the churchwardens or

oath that they

are not worth overseers of the poor of such parich, tything, or place, shall, on

5001.

receiving an order under the hands of any two or more deputy

lieutenants , acting within the subdivision wherein such parish,

tything, or place is situate, pay to every such person so chosen

by ballot , any such sum of money, not exceeding the sum which

such deputy lieutenants shall adjudge to be as near as may be

one half of the current price then paid for a volunteer or fub-

stitute in the county, riding, or place , where such person was fo

chosen, which said fum of money shall be taken out of the rate

to be made as herein-before directed for providing and produc-

ing volunteers, or in cafe no volunteers shall have been provid-

ed or produced by the churchwardens or overseers, then out of

a rate to be made and collected agreeable to the poors' rate as

Penalty on

herein-before also directed; and in cafe any churchwarden or

parith officers

for refusing to overseer of the poor shall refuse or neglect to pay such money

pay such al-

upon demand and production of such order, every such church-

lowance .

warden or overseer so refusing or neglecting to make such payment, shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum often pounds,

Ifany person

one half of which penalty shall be paid to the person so chosen

by ballot in lieu or in part of the sum ordered to be paid him as

so chosen by

aforesaid, as the cafe may require : provided always, that if any

ballot thall be

man fo chosen by ballot and serving for himself , shall, within one

disapproved,

such allow-

month after his enrolment, be disapproved of and discharged

ance thailnot

by the officer commanding the regiment, battalion or corps,

bepaid to

such sum shall not be paid to the person so chosen by bal-

him , but to

lot , but shall be paid in manner before mentioned to the next

the next per-

fon chosen ;

person chosen by ballot in his stead; and if any substitute be dif-

nor shall it

approved and discharged in manner aforesaid , then no such sum

bepaid if a

shall be paid to the man so chosen by ballor, whose substitute

substitute be

thall have been so disapproved and discharged , unless he shall

disapproved , serve himself or shall find another substitute who shall be ap-

principaiserve proved by such commanding officer as aforesaid .

himseltorpro-

vide another.

CXXIII. And be it further enacted, That, whenever any

regiment, battalion, or corps of militia, shall be embodied, and

When a re-

absent from the county, riding , or place to which it belongs,

giment is out

ofits county,

the commanding officer of such regiment, battalion, or corps of

alift of men

militia, shall apply to every man chosen by lot , whose time shall

whole time

bewithin four months of expiring, and who in his judgement,

thallbe within and after an examination by the surgeon of the regiment, bat-

4months of

expiring, and talion, or corps, thall till be fit to serve as a militia man, and

wnothailbe inquire ifhe is willing to continue in the service for such term

willing tocon- as any man who should be then ballotted to serve would be fub-

tinue in the

ject to, and for what price or fum he will so continue; and such

service, and

for what price, commanding officer thall , on the first day of the months offa

shallat certain * nuary,

1

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 90. 741

nuary, March, May, July, September, and November respectively, periods be

or as soon after as conveniently may be, transmit to the clerk transmitted

of the general meetings of the county, riding, or place to which by the commanding of-

his regiment, battalion, or corps of militia, belongs, a list of all ficer to the

such men in such regiment, battalion, or corps of militia as he clerk of the

shall find willing to continue in the service, in which lift shall general meet

be setdown the sums they are respectively willing to continueings, following

in the

for, and which list shall be signed by every such militia man form :

as aforesaid, and shall be made in the following form, videlicet :

Dated the day of

Nam

e Names of the Of

county .

men. the parish of

In the

hundred or

'otherdivi-

fion of

Time of

Sumfor

Signature of

service ex-

pires on the

which they engage to

content .

serve .

A. B. P. H. A. B.

E. F. २ I. E. F.

G. K. R. N. G. K.

And that the signing of the said list shall be binding upon the Signing the

persons signing the same, to all intents and purposes whatsoever. lift shall be

CXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the clerk of the binding.

Clerk of the

general meetings of every county, riding, or place aforesaid , shall, general ineet-

as soon after the receipt of such notices as the same can be done, ings shall

transmit to the respective clerks of the subdivision meetings, for transmit to

the use of the deputy lieutenants acting in such subdivifions, cor- the subdivi-

the clerks of

rect extracts of such returns, specifying in every such extract the fions extracts

menthat shall have been inrolled for the subdivision to which of the re-

the clerk, to whom any such extract is sent, shall belong ; and turns, and the

thereupon it shall be lawful for such deputy lieutenants, ifthey deputy lieu-

tenants may

shall think fit, to cause the men willing to continue to serve as cause the men

aforesaid, to be enrolled as volunteers for the particular and respec- willing to

tiveparishes or places for which they shall have been originally en- continue to

rolled to serve, and in every such cafe to direct and require the be enrolled

as volunteers, churchwardens or overseers of the poor of such parish or place, to and require

remit the bounty or bounties to be given to such men to the pay- the parish

BBB3

master officers to re-

742 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGIIIII. С. 90. [ 1802.

mittheir bounties to master of the regiment, battalion, or corps, in which such men

shall be then serving, who shall forthwith pay or account to the

the paymaster. said men respectively for the fame.

Bounties to be CXXV. And be it further enacted, That in case the term of

paid, when the service of any person who shall have been chosen by lot, and

term of

men chosen

enrolled to serve in the militia, shall be prolonged in the manner

bylot shall

herein directed beyond the term of five years, then and in such

beprolong- ed beyond

cafe the receiver general for the county, riding, or place , to

which the person so chosen by lot and enrolled shall belong,

5 years,

bythe re-

shall, and he is hereby required forthwith to pay to the captain

ceivergene-

or other commanding officer of each company respectively, the

ral for the

sum of one guinea for every person whose time of service shall

county to the he so prolonged, and shall in like manner , so often as the term

captain of the of service of any person so chosen by lot and enrolled to serve

company for

theuse of the in the militia, shall be prolonged as aforesaid, pay the like fur-

men ;

ther sum of one guinea, (all which money so paid by the re-

ceiver general shall be allowed him in his account) , and the

money so received by any captain or commanding officer, or fo

much thereof as such captain or commanding officer shall think

proper , shall be laid out in the manner he shall think most ad-

vantageous for each respective person so chosen by lot and en-

rolled, and whose time of service shall be prolonged as aforesaid,

and such captain or commanding officer shall, on or before the

twenty- fourth day of the month next ensuing that in which he

shall have received any such guinea, account to such personhow

the said fum or sums have been applied and disposed of , and

shall, at the time of fettling such account as aforesaid, pay over

to him the remainder of the said money, if any, which shall

not have been so applied and disposed of .

and also for

CXXVI. And be it further enacted, That in case the term of

substitutes or service of any substitute, hired man, or volunteer, serving in the

volunteers

whose term

militia, shall, by reason of the militia being embodied, continue

shall be so pro- beyond the term of five years , then and in such cafe the receiver

longed; and general for the county, riding, or place to which such substitute ,

alike bounty hired man, or volunteer shall belong, thall and he is hereby re-

ㅓ

at the end of quired forthwith to pay the captain or other commanding officer

they thall con' of each company respectively , the fum of one guinea for every

tinue to serve substitute, hired man, or volunteer, whose term of service shall fo

beyond the's continue; and in case such term thall so continue for more than

years.

three years beyond the said term of five years, then, at the expi-

ration of the said three years, the said receiver general shall pay

the like further sum ofone guinea for every substitute , hired man,

or volunteer, whose term thall so further continue, and shall in

like manner, at the expiration of every additional term of three

years, pay the like further fum of one guinea, (all which money

fo paid by the receiver general thall be allowed him in his

account) ; and the money fo received by any captain or commanding officer, or fo much thereof as such captain or commanding officer shall think proper , shall be laid out in the

manner he shall think most advantageous for each respective

substitute , hired man, or volunteer; and such captain or commanding

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 90. 743

mandingofficer shall, on or before the twenty-fourth day of the

month next ensuing that in which he shall have received such

money as aforesaid, account to such substitute, hired man, or

volunteer, how the said sum or sums have been applied and dif-

posed of , and shall at the time ofsettling the account as aforesaid,

pay over to such substitute, hired man, or volunteer, the re-

mainder of the said money (if any) which shall not have been so

applied, disposed of , and accounted for.

CXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any person If anv

sworn and enrolled in the said militia, either as a substitute or substitute or

volunteer, (not labouring under any infirmity incapacitating shall notjoin ,

volunteer

him to serve as a militia man), shall not with due diligence join or if any of

the regiment, battalion, or corps of militia of the county, riding, them, or any

or place , for which he shall be so sworn and enrolled, (in case serjeant , cor-

such regiment, battalion, or company shall then be embodied), poral, or

drummer

according to such order as shall be given him in that respect by shall desert or

the lieutenant or deputy lieutenants, or any of them, or by any absent him-

officer of the said regiment, battalion, or corps, or by any other self , he may

be adjudged

person authorised to give such order, or if any person serving in to further

any embodied militia as a substitute or volunteer, or any service in the

serjeant, corporal, or drummer, shall desert or absent himselfmilitia, or to

from his duty, every such serjeant, corporal, drummer, or service in the

other forces ;

private militia man shall be liable to be apprehended and and in the

punished, according to the provisions of any act which shall be latter cafe, if

then in force for the punishing mutiny and desertion, and for the sentence

the better payment of the army and their quarters, and be approved

byhisMa-

of the articles of warmade in pursuance of the fame, and may jetty, the

by a general court martial be adjudged to further service infec secretary at

the said militia for some period to be limited, or to service in war , or his

his Majesty's other forces, without limitation as to the period deputy, may

or place of such service, according as the court martial before order him to

be entered as

whomhe shali be tried , thall think fit to direct ; and in cafe the a private

said court shall adjudge such militia man to serve in his soldier, and

Majesty's other forces, and such sentence shall be approved by conveyed to

his Majesty, it shall be lawful, by order under the hand of the the head

secretary at war, or his deputy, to cause such man, if found fit quarters of

any regi-for general service, on examination by a surgeon of his Majesty's ment, or for

other forces, to be entered as a private soldier, to serve in such recruits

regiment or corps of his Majesty's other forces as shall be di belonging to

rected in such order, or for general service, and to be forthwith fegiments on

conveyed either to the head quarters of the regiment or corps in tions.

which he shall be so entered, or to the head quarters for recruits

belonging to his Majesty's regiments on foreign stations, (as

the cafe may require) ; and such substitute or volunteer shall,

from the time of his being delivered over to be so conveyed

as aforesaid, be subject and liable to all the like penalties and

punishments contained in any act then in force for . punishing

mutiny and desertion, as if he had been originally enlisted for

general service , or for the regiment or corps in which he thall

be so ordered to be entered as aforesaid .

BBB4 ÇXXVIII. And

744 Anno regni quadragesimo fecundoGEORGII III. c. 90. [1802 .

When the

CXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever the

whole num-

whole number of persons enrolled in the said militia for any

ber enrolled

for anyplace

county , riding, or place, shall have been ordered to be drawn

shall have out and embodied as aforesaid, and in case any of the persons

been ordered so ordered to be drawn out and embodied, shall afterwards make

out , ifany

shall after-

default, either by not appearing in pursuance of any such order

wards make

as aforesaid, or by desertion or absence from duty, and such

default, and person shall not be taken within the space of three months from

not be taken the time of such default, desertion or absence, then a vacancy

within three shall be declared by the deputy lieutenants at their first meeting

months, the vacancies to be holden for the subdivision for which such person was

shall be filled enrolled, next after the receipt of the certificate of such default,

up by ballot . desertion, or absence, under the hand of the officer commanding

the regiment, battalion, or corps to which such person be-

longed, and the vacancy thus occasioned shall be forthwith filled

up by a fresh ballot.

CXXIX. And whereas it may be expedient, that only such a

proportion of the militia, and in such of the counties, ridings, and

places as shall be specified in any order of his Majesty , should be

drawn out and embodied in the first instance, and that the appoint-

ment of the private men necessary to constitute such proportion, should

be made or decided by ballot or otherwise as is herein- after mentioned

in each subdivision or district, without assembling them previously

Ifhis Ma- out of thefubdivision or district to which they belong ; be it therefore

jesty shall enacted, That the lieutenant of every county, riding, or place,

order the or (in case of vacancy, or in the absence of the lieutenant

militia, or a

proportion from his county, riding, or place) any three or more deputy

thereof , to be lieutenants, to whom any order of his Majesty for the purpose

embodied, the of embodying the said militia, or such part or proportion

county lieu tenant, &c .

thereof as his Majesty shall have judged necessary, and ordered

shall issue his

to be embodied, shall have been directed, shall, as soon after the

order to the

receipt thereof as conveniently may be, issue his or their order

clerks of the subdivifions,

to the clerks of the several subdivision meetings in such county ,

riding, or place, to prepare and make out afull and true lift ,

to make out

lifts of all

containing the names of all persons enrolled to serve in the said

persons en- militia by virtue of this act within each subdivision respectively,

rolled in each and arranged according to their classes as herein-before men-

by a certain tioned, before a day to be specified in the said order of the

day , and a

duplicate lieutenant or deputy lieutenants as aforesaid, and which day

copy shall be shall not be later than three days after the date of such order ;

made for the and the said clerks shall within the time fixed by such order,

use of the

prepare and make out such lifts accordingly, and also two

deputy lieu-

tenants, duplicates thereof , one of which duplicates shall be for the

and another use of the deputy lieutenants attheir respective subdivision meet-

transmitted to ings, and the other duplicate thereof shall be transmitted to

the clerk of

the clerk of the general meetings, for the use of the lieutenant

the general

meetings ;

of the county, riding, or place, or the deputy lieutenants who

shall have issued such order as aforesaid.

andbe shall

also issue or-

CXXX. And be it further enacted, That the said lieutenant

ders foraffem- or deputy lieutenants as aforesaid , to whom his Majesty's order thall

1802. ] Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. C. 90. 745

shall be directed, shall, at the time of issuing his or their order bling the men

herein- before mentioned , also issue his or their order for af- within their respective

sembling all the men of the said militia within their respective ful subdivifions,

subdivifions, or at such place or places within their respective and in such

counties, ridings, or places, and in such proportions as to the proportions as shallappear

said lieutenant or deputy lieutenants as aforesaid , shall appear most expe

most expedient, on the day or days to be specified in such his or dient ; and

their order, to the chief constable, or other officers of the several the constables

hundreds, rapes, lathes, wapentakes, or other divisions within shall cause

such county, riding, or place, with directions immediately to to be given

written notice

issue precepts conformable thereto to the constables, tythingmen, the men to

headboroughs , or other officers of the several parishes, tythings, attend, and

and places within the said hundreds, rapes, lathes, wapentakes, notices of the

time and

and divisions respectively ; and such constables, tythingmen, place to be

headboroughs, or other officers, are hereby required, upon affixed upon

receipt thereof, forthwith to cause notice in writing to be given the church

to the several men of the said militia, or left at their usual places doors .

of abode, within their respective parishes, tythings, or places, to

attend within their respective subdivifions or districts, at the

time and place mentioned in such order, and shall also cause a

like notice thereof to be affixed on the doors of the churches

or chapels belonging to their respective parishes, tythings or

places , or (if any place shall have no church or chapel belonging

thereto), on the door of the church or chapel of some parish ,

tything, or place thereunto adjoining, which notice shall be

deemed a sufficient notice to every person enrolled by virtue

of this act, notwithstanding any omifion in the delivery of

written notices in manner herein directed; and all such militia

men shall duly attend at the time and place appointed in such

notices respectively.

CXXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any person of Men not appearing, or

the said militia, not labouring under any infirmity incapacitating notabi

notabiding the

him to serve as a militia man, shall not appear in pursuance of orders of the

such order , or appearing shall not abide the orders of the deputy deputy lieu-

lieutenants attending in pursuance of this act , every such person tenants, to be

deemed de-,

shall be deemed a deserter, and if not taken previously to the ferters, and if

completion of the ballot at which such person ought to attend not taken

in pursuance of this act, shall forfeit the fum of ten pounds, before the

and shall be deemed and taken to be a person liable to be em- ballot is completed, shall

bodied within the intent and meaning of this act, and to serve forfeitrol . and

according to the directions herein contained, over and above be liable to be

the number to be chosen by ballot as aforesaid. embodied.

CXXXII. And be it further enacted, That the said lieutenant County lieu-

or deputy lieutenants as aforesaid of every county, riding, or tenant , &c. to

place, or any three or more of them, shall appoint the first appoint the

subdivi-

meeting to be holden by the several deputy lieutenants of the fion meeting

same county, riding, or place within their respective subdivi- for ballotting,

sions, or at such other place or places as shall have been ap- and the time

pointed as aforesaid , on the day mentioned in such order as assembling

and place for

aforesaid, for assembling the men of the said militia, in order to the men

their being chosen or ballotted to serve according to the direc- chosen, of

tions which the

746 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III.C. 90. [ 1802 .

deputy lieu- tions of this act, and shall also appoint the time and place of

tenants shall

assembling such of the said men as shall be so chosen or ballotted

give notice, within their respective counties, ridings, or places, in order to

cause apro- their being embodied ; of which several appointments the re-

portion of the spective deputy lieutenants shall have notice; and all the men

mento be

ballotted for ,

enrolled on the list of every such subdivision or district, and

and their names mark-

appearing in pursuance of such order on the day so to be

appointed, shall be then mustered by the said deputy lieutenants,

ed on the

and the said deputy lieutenants shall at such meeting proceed in

lift , which is the manner by this act directed, to cause a number of the men

to be called

over, and the so appearing to be chosen or ballotted for, according to the di-

names of the rections of this act , equal to such proportion of the complete

personschofen number that had been or ought to be enrolled by virtue of this

shall be re-

act, on the lift of such subdivision or district, as shall or may

turned to the

county lieu-

be specified in his Majesty's order for drawing out and embo-

tenant, &c.

dying any part or proportion of the militia as aforesaid, and

and the time

to cause the names of all the persons chosen and ballotted to be

andplace of

marked on the list of such subdivision or district ; and when the

theirbeing

tobeembo-

choice and ballot shall be concluded, the said deputy lieutenants

dieddeclared ,

shall cause the lift of such subdivision or district to be publickly

and the men

called ; and as the name of each person contained therein shall

not chosen

shall be dif-

be read, shall then and there declare whether such person is or

charged from

is not, (as the cafe may be) chosen or ballotted out of such

further at-

list in the manner herein- before provided ; and the names of all

tendance.

the persons so chosen and ballotted , shall be returned to the

lieutenant of the county, riding, or place for which such persons

are enrolled, or to the deputy lieutenants who shall have given

such order as aforesaid ; and the persons so chosen and ballotted ,

shall be embodied to serve according to the true intent of this

act ; and the said deputy lieutenants shall openly declare to

the men who have been so chosen or ballotted, the time and

place of their afsfembling, in order to their being embodied; and

all and every such persons or person who shall have been de-

clared to be so chosen or ballotted, shall immediately proceed

and repair to, and shall duly attend at the time and place so to

be appointed and declared, in order to their or his being embo-

died accordingly ; and all and every such persons or person as

shall be so declared not to have been so chosen or ballotted

as aforesaid, shall be discharged from further attendance in

1

pursuance of such order as aforesaid.

Deputy lieu-

CXXXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall

tenants may

correct classes .

be lawful for the said deputy lieutenants, in their several fubdi-

vision meetings, and before they proceed to choose or ballot,

as herein-before directed, to revise and correct the names of

the men contained in such class or classes, according to the

several changes or alterations that may have taken place since

the last revisal or correction thereof.

When his

CXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That whenever his

Majesty shall Majesty shall think fit to draw out and embody a part or pro-

order only a

part of any

militia to beportion only of the militia of any county, riding, or place, the deputy

i

1802. ] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 90. 747

deputy lieutenants in their several subdivisions shall , before embodied, the

they proceed to choose or ballot for the private men who are deputy lieu-

tenants shall

to form such part or proportion, examine the classes of the examine the

descriptions herein-before mentioned, entered according to the classes, and

provisions of this act, and in every cafe in which the part or if the num-

proportion of the militia required to be called out in such fub- ber required

thall equal the

division , shall equal the number of men contained in such first , first, of first

or first and second, or other succeeding classes in their order, and second

then and in such case the men contained in such class or classes, or succeeding

as the cafe may be, shall be forthwith chosen without anyballot; classes in

and when the proportion of men so required as aforesaid, shall their order,

the men con-

be less than the number of men contained in such first class, tained therein

then such proportion shall be ballotted for out of such class shall be chosen

only, and no other ; and when the proportion so required as withoutbal-

aforesaid, shall exceed the number ofmen contained in the first, lot, but

ifless

than the first

or first and any succeeding class or claffles in the order in which class, the

they thall so stand as aforesaid, the deputy lieutenants shall first number shall

choose all the men in such first class, or first and next succeeding be ballotted

class or classes, until such proportion shall be as near as maybe for thereout,

and if more

completed, and shall then proceed to ballot in manner directed than that and

by this act for the remainder of the proportion so required as any fucceding

aforesaid , out of the class immediately following the last class class in order,

that shall have been wholly taken towards making up such such classes

shall be first

proportion as aforesaid ; and the deputy lieutenants shall proceed chosen, and

in like manner for the supplying of any further part or proportion the remainder

of militia, in cafe any further part , should be afterwards ordered ballotted for

by his Majesty to be embodied, and shall during the whole of the out of the

next class to

time that a part or proportion only of the militia shall remain the last

embodied, supply all vacancies, as they shall arise, in such part or whollytaken ;

proportion, out of the classes as they stand in succession, andand in like

manner

shall in no cafe proceed to ballot for the supplying of any furtherpro-

vacancy out of any class , until all the men contained in theportion shall

preceding class or classes, who shall be able and fit to join such be supplied as

well as va-

militia, shall have been chosen for that purpose.

CXXXV. And be it further enacted , That whenever the cancies .

militia, or any part or proportion of the militia of any county ,chanyert

If person

riding, or place, shall have been ordered to be drawn out and any subdivi-

embodied in pursuance of this act, in cafe any of the persons fion of a

enrolled in any subdivision of such county, riding, or place, county, the

the militia whereof shall be so ordered to be drawn out andmilitia where-

ofshall be

embodied as aforesaid , shall make default either by not ap- ordered to be

pearing in pursuance of any such order as aforesaid , or by defer- embodied,

tion or absence from duty, and such person shall not be taken shall desert or

within the space of three months from the time of such default, be absent,

and shall not

then a vacancy shall be declared by the deputy lieutenants, atbe taken

their first meeting to be holden for the subdivision for which within three

the person so making default was enrolled, next after the re- months, the

ceipt of the certificate of such default , desertion, or absence, vacancy shall

under the hands of the officer commanding the regiment , batta-be filledup

byafresh

lion, or corps, to which such person belonged, and the vacancyballot ,

thus

748 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 90. [ 1802.

thus occasioned shall be forthwith filled up by a fresh ballot

within the subdivision aforesaid .

Anyperson enrolled and

CXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any person

not chosen,

enrolled by virtue of this act , and not chosen or ballotted as

not having a

aforesaid, who shall not have any child or children living under

child under

the age of fourteen years , and who shall not be more than

14, and not

being more

thirty-five years of age, shall offer himself as a volunteer, to be

than35 years

drawn out and embodied in the room of any person fo chosen

old ,maybe

or ballotted, it shall be lawful for the deputy lieutenants at any

accepted as a

volunteer,

meeting, to accept such volunteer in the room of such person so

chosenorballotted as aforesaid , and such person so accepted shall

serve as if he had himself been so chosen or ballotted in manner

Menattend.

aforesaid , CXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That every man of

ingatthe

ballot , and

the said militia who shall appear and attend at the ballot to

not being

be taken as herein-before directed, and who shall not be chosen

chosen , shall

or ballotted as aforesaid , shall be entitled to an allowance ,

bepaid by the

after the rate of one shilling per diem , during the time he shall

clerk is . per

diem while

be necessarily employed from home, in going to, and continuing

from home,

at, and returning from the place to be appointed for such ballot ,

which the

not to exceed three days, to be paid by the clerk of the fubdi-

receiver

vision or other meeting in which such men shall be enrolled ;

general of

and on the certificate of the number of men so paid, under the

county thall reimburse.

hands of such deputy lieutenants and justices of the peace

respectively, or where no deputy lieutenant shall there attend ,

then of any one such justice of the peace as aforesaid , the

receiver general of such county, riding, or place, shall

reimburse to the said clerk the fums so paid , out of any monies

in his hands of any aid granted by parliament by way of

land tax.

Clerksmay

draw upon

the receivers

general, by

order of the

deputy lieu-

tenants, &c.

for money to

payallow-

ances,

CXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the respective

clerks of the subdivition or other meetings shall be and they are

hereby authorised and empowered to draw on the receiver general of the land tax for the county, riding, or place, for such fum

or fums of money as such deputy lieutenants and justices of the

peace respectively, or where no deputy lieutenant shall attend ,

then as one justice of the peace shall , by any order under their

or his respective hands or hand, direct and appoint, which sum

or fums of money shall be applied by such respective clerks for

paying the allowances herein - before directed to be made ; and the

receipt of any such clerk, together with such order, shall be to the

said receiver general of the land tax a sufficient discharge for the

payment of such fum or fums of money, and be allowed in his

account.

Clerks when

CXXXIX. And be it enacted , That the clerk of each fubdi-

!

required to

make out ac-

vision or other meeting shall, when required by such deputy lieu-

counts of

tenants and justices of the peace, or where no deputy lieutenant

monies re-

shall attend , then by one justice of the peace, make out an ac-

ceived and

count of the respective sums ofmoney by him received and paid ,

paid , tobe examined and

allowed.

in pursuance of this act, to be by them examined, allowed, and signed

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 90. 749

signed; and the account so examined, allowed , and signed , shall

be and is hereby directed to be the proper voucher and acquittal

of such clerk for the application and disposal of such money.

CXL. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein con- His Majesty.

tained shall be construed to debar his Majesty from ordering the mayorder the

remainder of the said militia, or so many of the remainder of the remainder of

the militia to

said militia of any county, riding, or place, as his Majesty shall be embodied .

in his wisdom think proper, to be drawn out and embodied when-

ever the occasion shall require, according to the provisions pre-

scribed by this act. When his

CXLI. And be it further enacted, That whenever his Majesty Majesty thall

shall think fit to draw out and embody any further proportion of order any

further pro-

the militia of any county, riding, or place, it shall be lawful for portion of the

the lieutenant of such county, riding, or place, or three or more militia to be

deputy lieutenants as aforesaid, and he and they is and are hereby embodied, the

respectively required to cause such further proportion to be drawn county lieu-

and

out and embodied as his Majesty thall order ; and in so doing other officers

such lieutenants and deputy lieutenants respectively , and also all shallpurfuethe

and every the deputy lieutenants, and all other officers aforesaid rules pre-

respectively, shall pursue the rules and directions herein-before scribed for embodying

prescribed for drawing out and embodying the first proportion the firit pro-

thereof.

portion .

CXLII. And be it further enacted, That, if during such time While any

as any part of the militia which shall have been drawn out and part of the

embodied for service, shall continue embodied, his Majesty shall militia thall

continue em-

deem it expedient that the militia of any county, riding, or place, bodied, his

or any part thereof , which shall not at such time be actually em- Majesty may

bodied for service, should be drawn out in order to be mustered, order any

trained , and exercised, for a limited time , instead of being so ein- not embodied ,

tobe drawn

bodied for service, according to the provisions of this act, it shall out to be

be lawful for his Majesty to direct the lieutenants ordeputy lieute- mustered ,

nants of all or any of the said counties, ridings, or places, to cause trained, and

the said militia not actually embodied, or any part thereof , to be exercised.

drawn out, in order to be mustered, trained, and exercised, in

such proportion, and for such time, and at such place or places,

as shall be appointed, with the approbation of his Majesty, by the

lieutenant or deputy lieutenants, in manner as is herein-before

directed for training and exercising the disembodied militia ; and

the fame shall be mustered, trained, and exercised accordingly. When the

CXLIII. And be it further enacted , That, whenever the whole whole militia

of anycounty ,

of the militia of any county, riding, or place is ordered to be em- &c. is ordered

bodied, all the officers, non-commissioned officers , and drum- to be embo-

mers of every regiment, battalion, or corps of the militia of such died, all the

county , riding, or place, shall immediately join the regiment, officers , non-

commission

battalion, or corps to which they respectively belong, at the time officers , and

and place appointed for the embodying such militia ; and when- drummers

ever the militia of any county, riding, or place, is called out and thall join, and

embodied by detachments or divisions, under any order of his when a part,

such a propor-

Majesty for that purpose, pursuant to the provisions of this act, tion of them

it shall be lawful for his Majesty to order and direct the propor- as shall be di-

tion and description of officers, non - commissioned officers, and rected by his

drummers, Majesty, who

shall regulate1

!

750 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 90. [1802.

the numbers drummers, who shall accompany such detachments or divisions

andduties of of men, and the respective establishments of such detachments

those remain-

ing in the county. &c.

or divisions, and also to regulate the numbers and duties of all

such officers , serjeants, corporals, and drummers, as shall remain

for mustering,

within any such county, riding, or place , for the mustering ,

&c. the re-

mainder of

training, and exercising of the remainder of the private militia

theprivates.

men thereof , as the service may require, and to his Majesty may

seem most fit and convenient .

His Majesty maydifem- CXLIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful

body the for his Majesty from time to time, as he shall think fit, to disem-

militia, and embody them,

body any part or proportion of any militia of any county, riding,

as to him thall or place, embodied under this act, and from time to time again

seemnecessary, to draw out and embodyany such militia so disembodied as afore-

according to said, or any proportion thereof , as to his Majesty shall seem het

theprovifions ceffary, according to the rules and provisions of his act .

of his act .

Militia when

CXLV. And be it further enacted, That when the militia, or

disembodied any part thereof , having been so drawn out into actual service as

tobe subject aforesaid, shall be again duly disembodied, and the officers and

to the fame

men thereof dismissed to return to their several places of abode,

orders only as

the officers, non-commissioned officers , drummers, and private

beforebeing

drawn out.

men, shall be subject to the fame orders , directions, and engage-

ments only, as they were subject to under the provisions of this

act, before they were so drawn out into actual service as aforesaid .

CXLVI. And whereas it may be expedient that, in all cafes of

actual invasion, or ofimminent danger thereof , and in case of rebellion,

bis Majestyshould be empowered to increase, without delay, the number

ofmilitiaforces, for the more effectual protection and defence of his

Incafe of

realm; be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for his

invafion or Majesty (the occasion being first communicated to parliament,

rebellion, his Majesty may,

if the parliament shall be then fitting, or declared in council and

by proclama- notified by proclamation, if no parliament shall be then fitting

tion, increase or in being), to order and direct, by his royal proclamation, that

the militia , in addition to the number of men required by or under the fore-

not exceeding going provisions of this act, to be raised by the several counties,

half

number re- ridings , and places herein mentioned, there shall be forthwith

quiredby this raised and enrolled in the said several counties, ridings, and

act , and the places, any number of men not exceeding the proportion ofone

county lieu- half of the whole number of men before required by or under this

tenants and

deputies shall act, to be raised by each county, riding, and place ; and the lieu-

apportion the tenants and deputy lieutenants respectively of the said counties,

number, and ridings, and places shall, immediately on the issuing of any such

proceed to

raiseand enrol proclamation, assemble and forthwith proceed to apportion the

the men, at number of men required to be raised in their respective counties,

such time as ridings, and places, among the several hundreds, rapes, lathes,

shall be speci- wapentakes, or other divisions, and also among the several pa-

fied in therishes, tythings, or places, therein respectively ; and shall there-

proclamation. after proceed to raise andenrol such men , at such time or times

as shall be specified for that purpose in such proclamation ; and

all the powers , provisions, regulations, rules, penalties, forfeitures,

bounties, allowances, clauses, matters, and things, in this act

contained, relative to the militia, shall be applied , practised, en- forced ,

f

1802.) Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 90. 731

forced, and put in execution, for the raising, training, and exer-

cifing , and for the embodying and calling out into actual service

the supplementary militia so ordered and directed to be raised and

enrolled, in as full and ample a manner in every respect, as far

as the same can be applied and put in force, as if the said num-

ber ofmen so added to the militia had been included in the num-

ber of men required and directed to be raised by virtue of this

act.

CXLVII. And be it further enacted, That, whenever his Ma- When the

jesty shall cause the supplementary militia to be raised and en- supplemen

rolled , or drawn out and embodied as aforesaid, if the parliament is raised

tarymilitia

shall then be separated by such adjournment or prorogation as his Majesty

will not expire within fourteen days, his Majesty may and shall halliffue a

issue a proclamation for the meeting of the parliament within proclamation

fourteen days, and the parliament shall accordingly meet and fit for the meet-

ing ofparlia

upon such day as thall be appointed by such proclamation, and menntwithin

continue to fit and act in like manner to all intents and purposes 14days.

as if it had stood adjourned or prorogued to the fame day.

CXLVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful His Majesty,

for his Majesty, from time to time (whenever he shall deem it by proclama

expedient to reduce the whole, or any part of the supplementary tion, may

reduce and

militia , by his royal proclamation to declare such reduction ac- disembody the

cordingly ; and in case the said supplementary militia, or any part supplemen-

thereof , shall be then embodied), to disembody the fame, or any tary militia,

number of private militia men equal thereto , without regard toand the pri-

vates sodifen-

whether such men were raised and inrolled in pursuance of any bodied, or

proclamation for raising the supplementary militia, or were inrolled those enrolled

before, and were serving at the time of the issuing thereof; and and not em-

bodied, shall

the private militia men so disembodied as aforesaid , or fo many remaid that

of them as may have been inrolled and not embodied at the time to serve for

of issuing such proclamation, shall nevertheless remain liable to theperiods for

serve for the respective periods for which they shall have been which enrol-

respectively inrolled to serve , and thall, during such periods, fup- led, and tha

supply vacan-

plyall the vacancies that mayarife in the respective parithes of cies ; and no

places, or united parishes or places , for which they shall have ballot shall

been so inrolled, whenever called upon so to do; and the deputy take place

lieutenants of the respective subdivisions shall, fromtime to time, while vacan-

cies can because any man or men, as the cafe may be, that may be re- supplied from

quired for supplying any vacancy or vacancies in the established them, but

militia that may arise for any parish or place, or united parishes they shall

or places in their respective subdivisions, to be taken from their not be liable

tofupply

respective classes as aforesaid, or ballotted as the cafe may require, vacancies for

according to the provisions in this act contained, relating to the any other

taking men for the militia from classes, until all the men so re- place than

maining liable, and that shall be fit to serve, shall have supplied that for which

such vacancies: provided always, that no ballot shall take place originally

for the raising and inrolling any man to supply any vacancy that

may arise from any parish or place, so long as the fame can be

supplied from any men, or by any man, then inrolled for such

parish or place that shall remain liable and be fit to serve: provided also, that no man so remaining liable to terve as aforesaid for

752 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 90. [1802 .

for any parish or place shall be called upon , or be liable to fup-

ply any vacancy arising for any other parish or place , than that

for which he hall be originally inrolled to serve under the provisions of this act : provided also, that no such man so remaining

liable to supply such vacancy as aforesaid shall, during the time

he so remains liable, be capable of being enlisted into his Majesty's regular forces.

Thepowers givenwith

CXLIX. And be it further enacted, That all the powers given

and provisions made by this act, with respect to the county of

respect to Northumber-

Northumberland and the militia thereof shall extend to the town

land to extend of Berwick- upon- Tweed and the liberties thereof (except only in

to Berwick- such cases where by this act it is otherwise expresslyprovided for);

upon- Tweed ; and that out of the persons returned in the lifts for the said town

and if persons of Berwick - upon - Tweed, a number of private militia men shall be

canbe found

there with the chosen by ballotto serve for the said town, in the fame propor-

requisite qua- tion with the private militia men appointed to serve for the other

lifications, the hundreds, wards, and other divisions within the said county of

chiefmagi- strate shail

Northumberland ; and if persons can be found within the said town

appoint five

and liberties thereof with such qualifications as are required for

deputy lieu-

deputy lieutenants and officers within cities and towns which are

tenants, and

counties of themselves, the chief magistrate of the said town of

Berwick-upon- Tweed shall appoint five deputy lieutenants, and

a proportion- ate of officers to such number of officers of the militia as shall be proportional to

the men, and the number of militia men which the said town shall raise as their

theyshalljoin quota towards the militia of the county of Northumberland ; and

the militia of

Northumber-

the lieutenant of the said county , and deputy lieutenants, and all

land.

other officers and persons acting in the execution of his act, for

raising and training the militia within the said county, are hereby

authorised and required to put this act into execution within the

said town and the liberties thereof , but subject nevertheless to

such penalties as are inflicted upon deputy lieutenants and other

officers of the militia for acting not being duly qualified; and that

the militia men to be chosen for the said town shalljoin the mili-

tia of the county of Northumberland , and be exercised together,

and shall then, and also in time of actual service , be deemed part

of the militia of the county of Northumberland.

CL. And whereas the ordering the militia of the isle ofWight bas

always been in the governor or lieutenant governor of the said island,

Governor of be it enacted , That after the number of persons which the said

the isle of

island is to furnish to the militia of the county of Southampton

Wight to ap-

shall have been appointed, as bythis act is directed, by his Ma-

pointthe officers, &c.

jesty's lieutenant and the deputy lieutenants, or by the deputy

of thatmili-

lieutenants of the said county at large, the governor of the said

tia , who are

to have the

island shall appoint the officers of the militia tobe raised in the

famequali- fication as in

said island, and Mall and is hereby empowered and required to act

in the execution of his act , in the same manner as his Majesty's

Wales.

lieutenants of counties are hereby empowered and required to

act, and shall appoint five or more deputies to act for him in and

for the said island, which deputies and officers of the militia mall

be qualified in the same manner, and are hereby empowered and

required to act in the execution of this act, in the same manner and

1

-

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 90. 753

and under the same directions, provisions, and penalties, as deputy

lieutenants and officers of the militia in the several counties

within the dominion of Wales, are by this act subjest to, and the

militia of the said island shall be raised in the same manner as the The militia

militia of the county of Southampton, and shall be deemed a part of the ille to

of the militia of the said county ; and after the same shall be so be raised as

raised , the said governor, lieutenant governor, and deputies, shall and deemed ,

partof the

order and direct the training and exercising the said militia within militia of the

the said island, in the same manner as his Majesty's lieutenants county of

and the deputy lieutenants are by this act authorised and directed Southampton,

and thall re-

todo in any county within that part of Great Britain called Eng- maintherein ,

land , and the militia fo raised within the said island shall be con- unless other.

tinued and remain within the said island as an internal defence wife ordered

thereof , unless his Majesty shall otherwise order and direct . by his Majesty.

CLI. And be it further enacted, That, for the several purposes Craike to be

of this act. the constablery of Craike, which is a parcel of the deemed part

of the north

county of Durham, surrounded by part of the north riding of the riding of

county of York, thall be deemed to be situate within and part of Yorkshire, the

the said north riding ; and that part of the parish of Maker, which part of Maker

lies in the county of Cornwall, shall be deemed to be situatelying inCorn-

wall to be

within and part of the county of Cornwall ; and that the town anddeemedpart

parish of Wokingham shall be deemed to be situate within and of that coun-

part of the county ofBarks ; and that the township of Filey shall ty, Woking-

be deemed to be situate within and part of the east riding of the ham part of

county of York ; and that Threapwood shall be deemed to be situate Berks, Fileyof

the east riding

within and part of the parish of Worthenbury , in the county ofof Yorkshire,

Flint ; and that the parish ofSaint Martin, called StamfordBaron, Threapwood

in, the suburbs of the borough and town of Stamford, on the south of Flintshire ,

fide of the waters called Welland, shall be deemed to be situate and Stamford

Baron ofLin-

within and part of the county of Lincoln.

colnshire;

CLII. And be it further enacted, That the several towns and and shall be

places herein - before mentioned, and deemed to be situate within subject to the

and part of the several counties, ridings, and places aforesaid, for authority , &c.

the purposes of this act, shall be subject to the jurisdiction and of the lieu-

authority of the lieutenants, deputy lieutenants, justices of the tenants of

thosecounties.

peace, and other officers of the respective counties, ridings, and

places, within which such towns and places are hereby deemed

to be situate ; any law, usage, or custom to the contrary not-

withstanding.

CLIII. And whereas the militia of the city of London are now

raised and regulated under and by virtue of two several acts passed in

the thirty- sixth and thirty-ninth years respectively of the reign of his

present Majesty : and whereas the militia of the tower hamlets are now

raised and regulated by twofeveral acts passed in the thirty - seventh year

of his present Majesty's reign, and thejame are thereby respectively

madefubject to certain of the provisions contained in the said recited act

of the twenty-sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, by this act

repealed ; be it therefore enacted , That, from and after the passing Act to extend

of his act, all and every the clauses, provisions, powers , autho- to the militia

of London, and

rities, punishments, bounties, penalties, forfeitures, matters, and the militia of

things in this act contained, in relation to any persons, acts, mat- the tower

VOL. XLIII. Cccters, hamlets, as to

754 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 90. [ 1802.

matters to ters, and things as to which the said act of the twenty-sixth year

which 26Geo. aforesaid, or any of the clauses or provisions thereof , were in

3. C. 107 .

extended.

force or applicable as to the said respective militia, shall, from and

after the passing of this act , be applied, practised, and put in full

force as to all such persons, matters, and things, as far as the fame

can be applied, and are not contrary to any of the provisions of

the said respective acts , or any or either of them, as fully andef-

fectually in all respects, as if the said acts and this act, and the

respective provisions thereof , were consolidated into one act: provided always, that nothing in this act contained shall be construed

to extend to repeal any of the provisions of the said acts, or either

of them, other than such as are in and by the said acts made fub-

ject to the rules, regulations, clauses, powers, and provisions of

the said recited act of the twenty- sixth year aforesaid.

Warden of the

stannaries to

CLIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no-

continue to

thing in this act contained small extend to the tinners in thecoun-

array, &c. the ties of Devon and Cornwall , but that the warden of the stannaries,

tinners of

in pursuance of his Majesty's commission in that behalf , and such

Devon and

Cornwall.

as he shall commissionate and authorise under him, shall have and

ufe the like powers, and array, assess, arm, muster, and exercise

the said tinners within the said counties, or either of them, as

hath been heretofore used, and according to the ancient privileges

and customs of the said stannaries .

Warden of

the cinque CLV. And be it further enacted, That the warden of the

ports, and his cinque ports , two ancient towns, and their members, and in his

lieutenants,

absence his lieutenant or lieutenants, shall put in execution within

mayact as the said ports, towns, and members, all the powers and autho-

county lieute- rities given and granted by this act, in the like manner as lieu-

nants and their

deputies.

tenants of counties and their deputy lieutenants may do; and

shall keep up and continue the usual number of soldiers in the

said ports, towns, and members, unless he or they find cause to

Militia of the

lessen the same; and the militia of the said ports, towns, and

ports to re-

mainseparate

members, hall remain separate from the militia of the several

from the mi-

counties, within which the said ports, towns, and members are

litia of the

situate; and it shall be lawful for the said warden, or his lien-

counties, and tenant or lieutenants, in pursuance of orders from his Majesty, in

may be drawn the manner prescribed by the act of the thirteenth and fourteenth

out into

actual service, years ofKing Charles the Second, notwithstanding one or more

though the months pay advanced be not reimbursed, to raise and draw out

pay advanced the soldiers into actual service, and to cause the persons charged

maynothave

been reim-

as by the said act to provide their soldiers with pay in hand , not

bursed ,&c.

exceeding one month's pay, in such manner as itall the payad-

vanced and provided had been reimbursed; and to use the like

powers , and to array, affefs, and arm, mufter and exercise the said

soldiers , and to make afsessments, and issue warrants for the af-

sesiments made or to be made for raising any trophy money, and

for defraying the necessarycharges of trophies, and other incident

expences of the militia of the said ports, towns, and members, as

hath been heretofore used , and according to their ancient privi-

leges and customs ; any thing in the said act or this act to the

contrary notwithstanding.

CLVI. And

1802.] Annoregni quadragesimo secundo GEORGIIIII. c. 90. 755

CLVI. And whereas, for the different rapes in the counties of

Sussex and east Kent, there are no peace officers who can act officially

for such rapes : and whereas the rapes in the said counties are the most

convenient districts to be appointed as the subdivisions for the deputy

lieutenants to exécute thefeveral purposes directed by this act, and do

contain within their boundaries foveral hundreds, to each of which

there is a peace officer belonging : and whereas the boroughs and tyth-

ings over which there are headboroughs, tythingmen, or other peace

officers, are uncertain in their boundaries , and often include parts of

various parishes, from which great inconveniencies arise both in bal-

lotting for the men to be drawnby lot for theservice of the said militia ,

and also in the payment of the money directed to be paid by the parishes

to those who may be allotted to serve : and whereas it would be more

expedient that the ballottingfor men toferve in the said militiafor the

counties of Sussex and Kent should be by the division of pariskes , to

which division there are no peace officers ; be it therefore enacted,

That his Majesty's lieutenant, or on his death or removal, or Churchwar-

in his absence, any three or more deputy lieutenants of the dens and

overseers in

counties of Sussex and Kent respectively, may and shall issue out Sussex and

his or their orders to the chief constable of the several hundreds Kent to make

in the rapes in the said counties where their subdivisions may retuins of

have been or may be appointed, directing such chiefconftables men liable to

serve, &c . and

to issue their precepts and orders to the churchwardens or over- tohave the

seers of the poor of each parish within their respective hundreds fame powres

'or other divisions, to return to the deputy lieutenants within asconftablesin

their respective subdivisions, at the place and on the days by other places.

them directed, fair and true lifts in writing of the names of all

the men usually dwelling within their respective parishes, be-

tween the ages of eighteen and forty -five, distinguishing their

respective ranks and occupations, and in like manner in every

respect and for such several purposes as are by this act directed

tobe done and performed by the constables, tythingmen, head-

boroughs, or other officers of each parish, tything, or place,

within their respective hundreds, or other divisions ; and that the

churchwardens and overseers of the poor of the several parishes

in the said counties to whom such precepts and orders shall be

issued, shall, for the purposes of this act, be deemed the officers

of such parish, and shall be invested with the fame powers and

authorities, and be liable to the same pains, penalties, and

forfeitures , as the constable, tythingman, headborough , or other

officer of any parish , tything, or place, is invested with , or fub-

ject and liable to by virtue of this act.

CLVII. And whereas it may happen through neglect or otherwise,

that in some county, riding, or place, the militia may not be raised

according to the directions of this act ; and it is just and reasonable

that all his Majesty's subjects should contribute equally towards the

expence of raising andfupporting a militiafor the defence of the realm ;

be it therefore further enacted, That the lieutenant, or any three County lieu-

deputy lieutenants of every county, riding, and place, where the tenants, &c. to

militia shall be raised according to the directions of this act, shall, tranfinit certified returnson or before the twenty -fifth day of December in every year, of the militia,

CCC2

transmit and times of

756 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 90. [1802 .

exercise, to

transmit a certificate to the clerk of the peace , containing an

the clerks of

account of the names, number, and rank of the officers, and the

thepeace an-

nually on or

number of non- commissioned officers, drummers, and private

beforeDec.

men of the militia of that year, and the time during which such

25, to be filed militia hath been trained and exercised; and every such clerk of

amongst the records of the

the peace shall deliver such certificate to the justices of the peace

quarter

at their general quarter sessions, to be held next after the

sessions .

twenty- fifth day of December in every year, on the day on which

Where no such session shall be opened, and the same shall be filed amongst

such returns the records of such session ; but where no such certificate shall

are received, be received by the clerk of the peace as aforesaid, he shall certify

the same shall

be certified by the fame under his hand and seal to the justices so assembled, and

the clerk of such certificate of the said clerk of the peace shall be filed

thepeace, and amongst the records of such session .

also filed.

CLVIII. And be it further enacted, That in every county,

Where the

quota of any

riding, or place, in which the full number of men required by

county, &c.

or in pursuance of any of the provisions of this act, as the quota

shall not be

of such county, riding, or place , shall not be raised and com-

raised withinapleted within six months after the passing of this act, or after

limited time, the same shall have been fixed and established by any subsequent

10l. shall be

paid for each order of his Majesty in council as hercin-before directed, then

mandeficient, and in every such cafe the sum of ten pounds shall be annually

for which the paid for and in lieu of every private militia man less than the

justices in

feflions shall

quota of such county, riding, or place, who shall not have been

make an af-

raised within the time limited by this act; and the justices of the

feffment.

peace and magistrates of every such county, riding , and place ,

assembled at the general or quarter sessions of the peace to be

held next after the expiration of the said six months, shall, upan

the receipt of the certificate of the lieutenant , or three deputy

lieutenants, which certificate he and they is and are hereby

required to tranfinit to the clerk of the peace for such county,

riding, or place, in order to be laid before the said justices and

magistrates respectively at such sessions, rate and affess the said

fum of ten pounds per man as aforesaid upon every such county ,

riding, or place; and in cafe at any future time the number of

men required to be provided for the militia of any county ,

riding, or place, according to the several provisions of this act ,

shall not be provided within three calendar months after the

lieutenant, or any one of the three deputy lieutenants , shall have

had notice from or by the order of the commanding officer of

any regiment, battalion, or corps of fach militia of any such

deficiency, then and in every such cafe the justices and ma-

gistrates as aforesaid assembled at the next general or quarter

sessions of the peace holden for the county, riding, or place, af.er

such deficiency shall have been made known to them by the

lieutenant or deputy lieutenants as aforesaid, shall rate and affeís

the like fum often pounds for every man so deficient as aforesaid, upon every county, riding, or place.

Such affeff-

CLIX. And be it further enacted, That the justices and ma-

ments upon

gistrates aforesaid , in making any such rate and affefiment upon

counties to be the whole of any county, riding, or place, shall apportion the

fums

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III . C. 90. 757

fums so to be assessed as aforesaid, and rate and assess the same mate on each

upon the several parishes and tythings in such county , riding, or parish, pro-

place, in the fame proportions in which the men for the militia portionally to

of

are required to be raised by such parithes and tythings respec- mert it is re-

tively, according to such appointment as may have been made quired toraife .

thereof in pursuance of this act , or to the last apportionment

that shall have been made of men to be raised by each parish and

tything.

CLX. And be it further enacted, That when in any county, When the

riding, or place, such deficiency of men shall arise from the de- deficiency

fault of any particular parish or tything, orparithes or tythings, any particular

thall arise in

insuch county , riding, or place, in not raising the proportion or parith or pa-

respective proportions of men required to be raised by any such rishes, the

parish or tything, or parishes or tythings, then and in such cafes affeffment

the said justices and magistrates, in making such rate and affeff . thall be made

thereon.

ment as aforesaid, shall rate and assess all and every such fum

and fums of money upon such parish or tything, or parishes or

tythings, that shall have so made default as aforesaid, in propor-

tion to the number of men by which each of such parishes or

tythings shall fall short of the number of men required to be

raised therein .

CLXI. And be it further enacted, That the justices and Justices to

magistrates of the several counties, ridings, and places, where transmit the

amount of

any such rate and afssessment shall be made as aforesaid , shall , im- the fums af-

mediately after the making of any such rate and affeffment as feffed to the

aforesaid, transmit or cause to be transmitted the several amounts county trea-

of the sums so afsessed upon the several parishes and tythings, to furer , who

thall give no-

the treasurer or treasurers of such county , riding, or place ; and tice to the

such treasurer or treasurers shall , as soon as conveniently may be, overseers of

cause notice thereof to be given to the respective overseers of the poor, who

the poor of the several parishes and tythings upon which any shallpay the

such rate or affefiment shall have been made as aforesaid , and money out of

such overseers shall , within fourteen days after such notice as

thepoorrates.

aforesaid of such rate or assessment, pay the amount of the rate

or afflessment made upon their respective parishes or tythings, out

of any money in their or any of their hands, of the rates for the

relief of the poor ; and if they or any of them shall not have

sufficient of such money for that purpose, then such overseers

shall , and they are hereby required to make a rate sufficient to

satisfy such rate and affeffiment ; and it shall be lawful for the

said overseers to levy and collect the fame in such manner as rates

made for the relief of the poor, or any other rates made for the

purposes of this act, may be levied and collected .

CLXII. And be it further enacted, That the treasurer or County trea-

treasurers receiving any such fum or fums of money , shall retain furer to retain

such fum or fums of money in his or their hands for three such money

three months,

calendar months after the receipt thereof , and during the laid and pay

period of three months it shall be lawful for any deputy lieute- thereout

nant of the subdivision of the said county, riding, or place, within bountiestoany

volunteers that

which such parish, tything, or place shall be situate, to raise any the deputy

volunteer or volunteers for such militia, in lieu of such man or lieutenants

ccc3 men

758 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 90. [1802 .

shall raise

men as shall be so deficient as aforesaid, and to agree with every

withinthat

such volunteer for a bounty not exceeding the sum of ten

periodfor supplying deficiencies,

pounds ; and the deputy lieutenant before whom any such volun-

teer shall be duly examined, approved, sworn, and enrolled to

and thenpay

serve in the militia, shall make an order upon such treasurer or

the balance to treasurers for the payment of such bounty, and upon the

the receiver

generalof

production to such treasurer or treasurers of a certificate under

the county.

the hands of such deputy lieutenants as aforesaid , of any such

volunteer having been duly examined, approved, sworn, and

enrolled to serve in the militia, and of such order for the payment

of such bounty as aforesaid, and of a certificate under the hands

of the commanding officer of any regiment, battalion, or corps of

militia of such county , riding , or place, of such man having

joined his regiment, battalion, or corps, such treasurer or trea-

furers shall, and he and they is and are hereby respectively

required to pay out of such money in his or their hands as aforesaid , any fum of money not exceeding the said sum oftenpounds

for each of such volunteers as aforesaid ; and such treasurer or

treasurers small, at the expiration of three months after the

receipt of such money as aforesaid, pay all fums ofmoney as may

have come into his or their hands, for and on account of any

such fines as aforesaid, and as shall not have been paid for and

on account of any such volunteer as aforesaid, in manner herein

directed, to the receiver general of such county , riding, or place,

to be applied and disposed of in like manner as directed by this

act.

CLXIII. And whereas there areseveral cities, towns, andplaces,

which do not contribute to the payment of the said rate called , The

County Rate , and doubts may arise whetherfuch cities, towns, and

places , can be legally rated or affessed towards the payment of the rate

or affefsment to be laid in pursuance of this act; be it therefore

In places where there

enacted , That in all cases where the militia shall not be raised

are no county

within any city, town, or place , not rated to the county rate , the

rates, the af- proportion of the said fum of ten pounds per man, to be borne

fetiments shall

by such city, town, or place, shall be raised , levied, and collected

be raised as

within such city , town, or place , by a separate rate or affefsment ,

the poor's

rates are, and

in like manner, by the overseers of the poor, and by such and

paid bythe

the like ways and means as the rates for the relief of the poor

overseers to

can or may be raised, levied, and collected; and such overseers

thetreasurer of the poor shall from time to time pay over the same to the

of the county treasurer of the county, riding, or place, with which such city ,

with which

theyare united . town, or place , shall be joined or united, for the purpose of

raising the militia .

CLXIV. And whereas there are some towns which lie in two

counties or ridings, and doubts may arise whether such towns are

obliged to pay to both counties or ridings towards raising the said

Where a town

lies in two

money; be it therefore further enacted, That where any town lies

counties the

in two counties or ridings, or part thereof in a county , and part

affeffments

ina riding , the proportion of the said money to be paid for such

shall be paid to town, in lieu of raising the militia as aforesaid, shall be paid to

the treasurer

the

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 90. 759

the treasurer of the county or riding wherein the church of such of that where-

town is situate. in the church

CLXV. And be it further enacted, That , if any sum of money

stands .

Ifthe affeff-

which ought to be paid by any city, town, or place, not rated to ment for a

the county rate as aforesaid, shall not be paid to the treasurer ofplace where

the county, riding, or place as aforesaid , before the first day of there are no

June in every year, the justices of the peace for such county, county rates

riding, or place, shall, at their next Midsummer quarter sessions, be notpaid

to the county

and they are hereby required (by their warrant , directed to any treasurer

constable or tythingman of every such parish and division) , to before June 1 ,

cause the sum due from such parish under this act , by reason ofyearly, it may

such men not being raised as aforesaid, to be levied by distress be levied by

the next

and sale of the goods and chattels of the respective overseers of quarter fef-

the poor of every such parish and division, rendering the over- fions on the

plus (if any) to the owners of such goods and chattels, after such overseers .

money , and the reasonable charges attending such distress and

sale , shall be fully paid and satisfied; and all such overseers of

the poor shall be reimbursed the money so levied on them

respectively, by the fame ways and means as overseers of the

poor are reimbursed the money by them expended for the relief

of the poor bythe laws now in being, and may make a rate for

that purpose if necessary.

CLXVI. And be it further enacted, That every receiver When the af-

general of the rates and duties under the management of the feffiment upon

anyplace is

commissioners for the affairs oftaxes, to whom any such money paid to the

shall be paid, shall give a receipt for such money to the person or receiver gene-

persons paying the same, which receipt shall be a sufficient dif- ral , it shall be

charge for such payment ; and that when the whole sum directed indemnified for not raising

to be raised in any county, riding, or place as aforesaid, thall be its quota, and

paid into the hands of the receiver general, in pursuance of this he shall in ten

act, such payment shall be a full discharge and indemnification days after

of such county, riding, or place, for the failure or neglect in receiving any

such money,

raising and training the number of men of the militia for the certify it to

year in respect whereof such payment shall be made ; and everythe treasury

such receiver general shall, within ten days after the receipt of any and payit into

such money, certify such receipt to the lord high treasurer or the exchequer,

commissioners of his Majesty's treasury , and forthwith pay the ofbypar-

tobedisposed

same into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer at Westminster ; liament.

and the money so paid into the exchequer shall be kept separate

and apart from all other money, and shall be accounted for

yearly to parliament, and disposed of as parliament shall direct ;

and no fee or gratuity whatsoever shall be given or paid to any

officer of the exchequer, for or on account of receiving or issuing

any such money; and the high treasurer or the commissioners of The treasury

the treasury , or any three or more of them, is and are herebymayallow to

the receiverauthorised to allow to the receiver general of any such county or general of the

place , upon the clearing of his accounts, such salary or reward county , a

for his pains and trouble in receiving and paying in such money, reward for his

as the said high treasurer or commissioners shall think proper, not trouble .

exceeding two-pence in the pound for fo much money as he shall

pay into the exchequer in pursuance of this act .

CCC4 CLXVII. Pro-

760 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 90. [ 1802.

County trea-

CLXVII. Frovided always, and be it further enacted, That

furer may

detain rd. per

the treasurer of every county, riding, or place, in which any such

pound of the

money thall be raised as aforesaid, shall be allowed for his pains

moneyhe re-

and trouble the sum ofone penny in the pound, upon the whole

ceives, and

shall make a

sum so by him received and paid ; which allowance every such

like allowance

treasurer is hereby authorised to detain in his hands out of the

tohigh

money fo received by him, before payment made to the receiver

constables , &c. general as aforesaid ; and every high constable, petty constable,

out of such churchwarden, and overseer of the poor , who shall act in the

fuins as they raising and collecting of the said money , thall respectively be al-

shall be

concerned in lowed and paid by such treasurer, as a recompence for their

collecting. trouble therein , the sum of one penny in the pound of all such

money, in the raising and collecting whereof they shall respectively act as aforesaid; and such treasurer is hereby authorifed and required to deduct the fame out of the money fo received

byhim as aforesaid, and to pay the respective proportions thereof

to such high constables or other officers aforesaid .

Clerks of the

CLXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the clerk of the

peace to

peace for every county , riding , or place, shall and he is hereby

transmitannu- required, within fourteen days next after the general quarter

ally copiesof

certificates re- session of the peace to be held next after the twenty-fifth day of

ceived from December, yearly , to transmit to the lord high treasurer, or the

the county commissioners of the treasury, and also to the receiver general for

lieutenants, such county, riding, or place, a copy signed by such clerk of the

and where not

delivered, to peace, of every certificate which he shall have received from the

certify such lieutenant, or any three deputy lieutenants of such county, rid-

omission to theing , or place as aforesaid; and where such certificate shall be

treasury, &c. omitted to be delivered, the clerk of the peace shall certify such

and focertify omiflion to the lord high treasurer, or to the commissioners of

omissions

justices in the treasury, and also to the receiver general, and that such clerk

proceeding to of the peace hath certified the same to the justices at such general

raise money

to the soliciter quarter session, and required such justices to proceed according

of thetreafury, to the directions of this act, and such clerk of the peace shall

wao thall

also certify what proceedings have been had at such general

compel them quarter feifions , in relation to the affeffing and raising of the said

*to do fo.

money, where the militia shall not have been raised; and in cafe

such justices shall omit, neglect, or refuse to proceed to raise the

said money according to the directions of this act, then the clerk

of the peace of such county, riding, or place, shall and he is

hereby required within fourteen days next after such general

quarter session of the peace, to certify to the solicitor of the trea-

fury, such omission, neglect, or refusal of such justices, and the

names of the justices who shall be present at such session; and

the solicitor of the treasury is hereby required, on receipt of such

certificate, northwith to proceed by all such legal ways and

means as shall be most effectual and expeditious, to compel such

justices to pay due obedience to this act , and to cause the said

money to be raised , collected, and paid.

CLXIX. And be it further enacted, That if the said sum of

It rol . per

manbe not

raised in any

i place ,and

ten pounds per man, to be raised and paid in any such county,

riding, or place as aforesaid , thall not be levied, collected and

paid

1802. ] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III . c. 90. 761

paid into the exchequer in manner herein-before directed, the paid into the

solicitor of the treasury is hereby required , forthwith upon know- exchequer , the

solicitor of the

⚫ledge or information thereof , to proceed , by all such legal ways treasury to

and means as shall be most effectual and expeditious, to compel compel its

the levying and collecting of such money and the payment being done.

thereof into the exchequer as aforesaid . Penalty for

CLXX. And be it further enacted, That if any clerk of the neglect of

peace thall refuse or wilfully neglect to receive, deliver, file duty in clerks

the peace,

make, record, or transmit any such certificates as aforesaid, receivers ge-

according to the directions and true meaning of this act, every neral, treasur

such clerk of the peace so offending , shall for every such offence ers, &c .

forfeit and pay the fum of one hundred pounds, and shall also

forfeit his office and be rendered incapable of having, receiving ,

or holding any office of trust , civil or military, under the crown ;

and if any receiver general, treasurer, chief constable, petty

constable, or other officer who ought to act and assist in the

raising and collecting of the said money, shall wilfully omit or

neglect or refuse to act or assist therein, according to the direction and true meaning of this act, every such receiver general or

treasurer so offending shall for every such offence forfeit and pay

the sum of two hundred pounds ; and every such chief constable

so offending, shall for every such offence forfeit and pay the fum

of fifty pounds ; and every such petty constable and other officer

so offending, shall for every such offence forfeit and pay the sum

of twenty pounds; and the solicitor of the treasury shall , and he Solicitorof the

is hereby required, with all due diligence, to prosecute with treasury to

effect all such ach justices prosecute

of the peace, receivers general, treasurers, justices , &c.

and other officers, who shall onst, neglect or refuse to perform for neglect,

the duty required of them refectively by this act, touching on penalty of

the raising, collecting , and pating of the said money ; and in 500l .

cafe the solicitor of the treasury shall wilfully omit or delay to

proceed against any such justices of the peace, receivers general , treasurers, or other officers aforesaid, he shall for every such

offence forfeit and pay the sum of five hundred pounds.

CLXXI. And be it further enacted, That the provisions of Provisions of

an act, passed in the twenty -fourth year of the reign of his late 24Geo 2. c.

majesty King George the Second, intituled , An act for the render- 44. to extend

tocounty

ingjuflices of the peace more safe in the execution of their office, and lieutenants

for indemnifving constables and others acting in obedience to their and deputies.

warrants, thall extend to all his Majesty's lieutenants and to

all deputy lieutenants acting in the execution of this act, in like

manner and as fully and effectually as the fame extend to juf-

tices of the peace acting in the execution of their office .

CLXXII . And be it further enacted, That the acceptance Commissions

of a commission in the militia shall not vacate the feat of any

in militia not

to vacate feats

member returned to serve in parliament ; and that no person in parliament;

being an officer of the militia shall be compelled to serve the officers not

office of sheriff . liable to serve

CLXXIII. And be it further enacted, That no officer, non- as sheriffs .

commissioned officer , drummer or private man of the militia, Voters going

shall be liable to any penalty or punishment for or on account to elections of

members not

of

762 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 90. [ 1802.

punishable for of his absence during the time he shall be going to vote at any

-absence.

election of a member to serve in parliament , or during the time

he shall be returning from such election.

Non commif-

CLXXIV. And be it further enacted , That no serjeant ,

fioned officers , corporal, or drummer of the militia, nor any private man, from

drummers,

and mennot the time of his inrolment until he shall be regularly discharged

liable to serve from the militia, shall be compelled to serve as a peace officer

as peace or parish officer, or to perform any highway duty, commonly

officers.

called Statute Work.

Marriedmi-

CLXXV. And be it further enacted, That every person

litia menmay having served in the militia when drawn out into actual service ,

fetupinany being married man, may fet up and exercise any trade in any

a

placein Great

Britain, as town or place within Great Britain, without any let, suit , or

soldiers may molestation of or from any person or persons whomsoever, for

under 24Geo. or by reason of using or exercising such trade, as freely and

3. C. 44 .

with the fame provisions, and under the same regulations, and

with the like exception in respect to the two universities, as

any mariner or soldier can or may do by virtue of an act

passed in the twenty -fourth year of his present Majesty's

reign, intituled , An act to enable such officers, mariners, and

Soldiers , as have been in the land or fea service, or in the marines,

or in the militia, or any corps offencible men, since thesecond year

of his present Majesty's reign , to exercise trades ; and no such

militia man shall be liable to be removed out of any such town

orplace, until he is become chargeable to the parish.

How penalties

CLXXVI. And be it further enacted , That all fines , penal-

shall be reco-

ties, and forfeitures by this act imposed, which shall exceed the

vered , and

how applied where not

sum of twenty pounds, shall be recovered by action of debt , bill ,

plaint , or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record

otherwise

at Westminster, or the courts of great session in the principality

directed by

of Wales, or the courts of the counties palatine of Chester,

this act.

Lancaster, and Durham, (as the case shall require) ; wherein no

essoign, privilege, protection, wager of law, or more than one

imparlance shall be allowed ; and that all fines, penalties, and

forfeitures, by this act imposed, which shall not exceed the fum

of twenty pounds, shall, on proof upon oath of the offence

before any justice of the peace of the county , riding, or place

where the offence shall be committed , be levied by distress andfale

of the offender's goods and chattels, by warrant under the hand

and seal of such justice, rendering the overplus (if any) on

demand, after deducting the charges of such distress and sale, to

the person whose goods and chattels shall have been so dil-

trained and fold ; and for want of sufficient distress such justice

is hereby required, in all cafes where no particular time of com

mitment is herein -before directed to commit such offender to

the common gaol of the county, riding, or place where the

offence shall have been committed , for any time not exceeding

three months ; and the money arising by all such fines, penal-

ties and forfeitures, the application whereof is not otherwise

particularly directed by this act, shall be paid to the clerk, or

(where there are no clerks), to the commanding officers of the respective

i

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III . C.90. 763

respective regiments, battalions, or other bodies of militia, of

the respective counties, ridings, or places where such offences

shall have been respectively committed, and shall be made part

of the publick stock of such regiments , battalions, or other

bodies of militia respectively.

CLXXVII. And be it further enacted , That no order of No order to

conviction made by any lieutenant of any county, riding, be removed

or or superseded

place , or by any two or more deputy lieutenants, or by any one by Certiorari.

deputy lieutenant together with any one justice of the peace or

by any justice or justices of the peace, by virtue of this act ,

shall be removed by Certiorari out of the county, riding, divi-

fion, city, town, or place wherein such order or conviction shall

have been made into any court whatsoever; and that no writ of

Certiorari shall supersede execution or other proceedings upon

any such order or conviction so made in pursuance of this act ;

but that execution and other proceedings shall be had and made

thereupon, any such writ or writs, of allowance thereof notwith-

standing. CLXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any action Limitation of

shall be brought against any person or persons for any thing actions.

done in pursuance of this act, such action or suit shall be commenced within six months next after the fact committed and not

afterwards, and shall be laid in the county, riding, or place

where the cause of complaint did arise, and not elsewhere; and

the defendant or defendants in every such action or suit may

plead the general issue, and give this act and the special matter General issue.

in evidence at any trial to be had thereupon ; and if the jury

shall find for the defendant or defendants in any such action or

suit, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall be nonsuit, or discon-

tinue his, her, or their action or suit after the defendant or

defendants shall have appeared, or if upon demurrer, judgement

shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant

or defendants shall have treble costs, and have the like remedy Treble costs.

for the same as any defendant hath in other cases to recover

costs by law .

SCHEDULES.

764 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 90. [ 1802.

SCHEDULES to which this Act refer.

Schedule A.

To--

TAKE notice that you are hereby required within fourteen

days from the date hereof , to prepare or produce a lift in writ

ing , to the best of your belief , of the christian and furname of

each and every man resident in your dwelling house between

the ages of eighteen and forty-five, distinguithing every person

in your dwelling house of such age as aforesaid, claiming to be

exempt froin serving in the militia, together with the ground of

every such claim of exemption ; and you are to sign such lift

with your own name, and to deliver or cause the same to be

delivered to me.

Datedthe day of

A. B. Constable of

Names of

Names of

Descriptions. Persons liable

Persons GroundofExemption.

to serve. exempt.

Housekeeper. A. B. 60 Years of age.

C. D.

Lodger. E. F.

G. H.

P. R.

Servants . Ι . Κ. V. S.

L. M. T. R.

Ν.Ο.

Seaman.

Free ofcompany of

watermen .

Serving by substitute.

N. B. If a house is divided in distinct stories or apart-

ments , occupied distinctly, each distinct occupier is required to

make this return .

Neglect of compliance with this notice will subject the party

to the penalty of ten pounds .

TAKE notice, that the day of at

at the hour of in the noon is appointed

for hearing appeals within this subdivision , by persons claiming

to be exempt from serving in the militia.

A. B. Constable of

Schedule

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo fecundoGEORGII III. C. 90. 765

Schedule B.

PARISH of

MILITIA LIST, made pursuant to the directions of an act

passed in the forty-second year of the reign of King George the

Third.

Names returned. Infirmity, if any

Rank or occu- pations.

likely to incapa Ground of ex-

citate from ferv - emption claimed.

ing .

Names of those

not returned , or Rank or oсси-

common appel- pation, if known.

lations.

Infirmity, if

known.

Ground of ex.

emption, if

known.

NOTICE is hereby given, that the at the hour of

day of

in the noon, at

is appointed for hearing appeals ; and that all persons who

think themselves aggrieved may then appeal, and that no appeal

will afterwards be received.

A. B. Constable of

Schedule

766 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 90. [1802,

Schedule C.

SUBDIVISON of in the county of

CERTIFICATE of number of men, distinguishing the

number liable and the number exempt.

Datedthe

day of

Parishes, ty-

things, or places.

Number ofmen Number ofmen

liable to serve.

exempt.

Total in each

parish .

A. B.

C. D

Totals

A. B. Clerk of subdivision.

Schedule

1802. ] Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. C. 90. 767

Schedule D.

RETURN of men between the age of eighteen and forty-five,

in the county of Datedthe day of

Subdivisions . Number of men Number of men

liable to serve. exempt.

Total in each

subdivision.

Totals

A. B. Clerk of general mectings .

Schedule

768 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 90. [1802.

Schedule E.

SUBDIVISION of

RETURN of Inrolment, dated the

in the county of

day of

NAMES OF MEN.

Date

Parishes. of Ages

Principal. Substitutes Volunteers. Inrolment.

CLASSES.

10. 2d. 3d. 4th Last .

Islington Sam. Jones

April 21 30

C. Tho. Smith Ldw. Jones. 22

D. Tho. Gray 23

-

-

X

X

X

X

X

Totals

serving .

Signed A. B. Clerk to subdivision meeting.

Schedule

1802. ] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 90. Schedule F.

769

RETURN of

'of the militia of the county of

day of

company in the dated the

Hundreds NAMES OF MEN SERVING.

ог Parishes . Ages

Divisions . Principals. Substitutes Volunteers .

CLASSES.

Ift . 2d . 3d . th. Last.

H. Iffington. Sam. Jones. 32

-

- - Tho . Gray. 24

Tho. Smith. 26

X XX

X

X

M. H.

Totals.

Signed A. B. Captain of company.

VOL. XLIII. DDD Schedule

770 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 90. [1802.

Schedule G.

RETURN of private militia serving for the county of

Datedthe day of

Description No.

Years ofservice unexpired. No. ofmen in each class .

of of

Men. each 1 . 2 . 3 . 4 . 5 . Ift . 2d. 3d . 4th. Last .

Principals

Substitutes -

Volunteers

Totals.

A. B. Clerk to general meetings.

N. B. If the militia of any county , riding, or place is di-

vided into more than one regiment, battalion, or corps, a fepa-

rate return is to be made for each , and the description of the

regiment, &c. put at the top of the return.

CAP

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 91. 771

CAP. XCI.

An act to raise and establish a militia force in Scotland,-[June

26, 1802. ]

WHEREASa

well regulated militia has been found to be of

great urility, and is of the utmost importance to the internal

defence of the realm : and whereas the establishing of a militia force in

Scotland, on a permanentfosting, would effectially contribute to the

fufety of the united kingdom ;be it therefore enacted by the King's

most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the

lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same , That his His Majesty shall appoint

Majesty may and shali from time to time constitute and appoint lieutenants of

lieutenants for the counties, stewartries, cities, and places counties, &c .

herein- after mentioned ; and the several lieutenants so appointed who shall call

shall have full power and authority, and are hereby required to out the militia

call together , arm, array, and cause to be trained and exercised, yearly, and

appoint de-

such persons, and in such manner, as is herein-after directed, puties , and

once in every year; and the said lieutenants severally shall from officers, whose

time to time constitute and appoint such persons as they shall names and

ranks shall be

think fit, being qualified as herein- after is directed, and living certified to his

within their respective counties, stewartries, cities, and places, to Majesty; but

be their deputy lieutenants (the names of such persons having to such as he

been first presented to and approved by his Majesty) ; and the shall disap-

prove com-

said lieutenants shall, in manner herein-after mentioned, also ap- missions shall

point a proper number of colonels, lieutenant colonels, majors, notbegrant-

and other officers, qualified as herein-after directed, to train, ed.

discipline, and command the persons so to be armed and arrayed

1

according to the rules, orders, and directions herein-after mentioned , and shall certify to his Majesty the names and ranks of

all such officers so to be appointed ; and in cafe his Majesty thall,

within fourteen days after such certificate shall have been laid

before him, signify his disapprobation of any of the persons so to

be appointed, it shall not be lawful for the said lieutenants to

grant a commission to any person so disapproved, but commif-

fions shall be granted to all such persons who shall not be

disapproved by his Majesty; and the officers so appointed for the Rank of

militia , to be armed and arrayed as herein- after directed, shall officers .

rank with the officers of such of his Majesty's regular forces as

youngest of their rank .

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the expiration Expiration of

of several acts heretofore passed , relative to a militia force in former acts

shall not affect

Scotland , thall not affect any commission of lieutenant or deputy any commit-

lieutenant already granted under or by virtue or relative to the fion of lieu-

said acts, or any or either of them; but that all such persons to tenant or

whom any such commission shall have been granted shall and depuryalready

granted.

may act in the execution of this act, in like manner as they

might have acted in the execution of the said former acts, or any

or either of them .

DDD2 III. And

772 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III . C. 91. [ 1802 .

Three deputy III. And be it further enacted, That when the lieutenant of

lieutenants any county, stewartry, city, or place, shall be out of the kingdom

maybe autho- of Great Britain, or when there shall be no lieutenant, it shall be

rifed by his

Majesty to act, lawful for his Majesty to authorise any three deputy lieutenants

when the lieu- of such county, stewartry, city or place, to grant commifsions to

tenant shall be officers to serve in the militia for such county, stewartry, city, or

out of the

kingdom, or

place, upon any vacancy that shall then happen , in such manner

where there

as such lieutenant could do, and to do all other acts, matters,

shall be none. and things which might lawfully have been done by the said

lieutenant, and the same shall be good and valid in the law, as if

done by the said lieutenant himself.

Commissions

IV. And be it further enacted, That no commission of any

not to be

deputy lieutenant, nor any commission of any officer in the mili-

vacated by the

revocation of

tia to be henceforth granted by any lieutenant or deputy lieu-

the power of tenants, shall be vacated by reason of the revocation , expiration,

the grantor.

or discontinuance of the commission by which any such lieutenant

or deputy lieutanants as aforesaid was or were appointed.

Qualifications V. And be it further enacted, That all persons to be ap-

of deputylieu- pointed deputy lieutenants or officers of the militia in pursuance

tenants and

officers , ex-

of this act, ( except within the city of Edinburgh and its liberties ) ,

ceptwithin

shall be qualified as follows ; (that is to say), every person so to

the city of

be appointed a deputy lieutenant shall be seised or possessed of an

Edinburgh. estate in property , either in his own right or in right of his wife,

of four hundred pounds Scots of valued rent in Scotland , or shall

be heir apparent of some person who shall in like manner be seised

or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid of four hundred pounds

Scots of valued rent ; and every person so to be appointed a colo-

nel shall in like manner be seised or poffefsed of a like estate as

aforesaid of eight hundred pounds Scots or valued rent, or shall

be heir apparent of some person who shall in like manner be

seised or poffefsed of a like estate as aforesaid of eight hundred

pounds Scots of valued rent ; and every person so to be appointed

a lieutenant colonel , shall in like manner be seised or poffefsed of

a like estate as aforesaid of six hundred pounds Scots of valued

rent, or shall be heir apparent of some person who shall in like

manner be seised or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid of fix

hundred pounds Scots of valued rent; and every person so to be

appointed a major or a captain, shall in like manner be seised or

possessed of a like estate as aforesaid of four hundred pounds Scots

of valued rent , or shall be heir apparent of some person who shall

in like manner be seised or possesled of a like estate as aforesaid of

four hundred pounds Scots of valued rent , or shall be a younger

fon of some person who shall be, or at the time of his death was

in like manner seised or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid of

four hundred pounds Scots of valued rent; and every person so to

be appointed a lieutenant shall in like manner be seised or pof-

sessed of a like estate as aforesaid of one hundred pounds Scots of

valued rent, or shall be possessled of a personal estate alone, or

feised or poffefsed of real and personal estate together, to the

amount or value of one thousand pounds sterling, or shall be fon

of some person who shall be, or at the time of his death was in like

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III . с. 91. 773

like manner seised or poffefsed of a like estate as aforesaid of one

hundred pounds Scots of valued rent , or who shall be, or who at

the time of his death was poffefsed of a personal estate alone, or

seised or poffefsed of real and personal estate together, to the

amount or value of one thousand pounds sterling ; and that every

person so to be appointed an ensign shall in like manner be seised

or poffefsed of a like estate as aforesaid of fifty pounds Scots of

valued rent, or shall be possessed of a personal estate alone, or seised

or poffefsed of real and personal estate together, to the amount or

value of five hundred pounds sterling, or shall be son of some

person who shall be or at the time of his death was in like man-

ner feised or possessed of a like estate as aforesaid of the yearly

value of one hundred pounds Scots of valued rent, or who shall

be or who at the time of his death was poffefsed of a personal

estate alone, or seised or possessed of real and personal estate to-

gether , to the amount or value of five hundred pounds sterling ;

of which said estates, required as qualifications for deputy lieu-

tenants, colonels, lieutenant colonels, majors, and captains respectively , one moiety shall be situate or arising within the

respective counties, stewartries, cities, or places, in which they

shall be appointed to serve, or within the counties, stewartries,

- cities, or places joined together, as herein- after mentioned, to

form the regiment or battalion to which they shall belong.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted , That where it shall The lieute-

nant, with the

appear necessary to any lieutenant that a deputy lieutenant or approbation of

deputy lieutenants should be resident in any royal borough, within his Majesty,

the county or stewartry of which he is lieutenant, itshall be law- may appoint

ful for such lieutenant, with the approbation of his Majesty, to the provost of

any royal

appoint the provost of the borough for the time being, or any burgh, or any

three persons resident in such borough, who shall be seised or pof- three resident

sessed of a real estate in houses or other property within such persons, pro-

borough and liberties thereof of the yearly value of one hundred perly qualified ,

be deputies

pounds sterling, or shall be possessed of a personal estare alone, or of the subdivi

seised or poffefsed of a real and personal estate together, to the fion in which

amount or value of two thousand pounds sterling, to be deputy it is situate.

lieutenant or deputy lieutenants of the subdivision within which

such borough is situated.

VII. And be it further enacted, That within the city and Regulations

county of Edinburgh and liberties thereof, the lieutenant of the respecting the

cityandcoun-

said city , or where there is no lieutenant appointed , then the ty of the city

chief magistrate thereof shall appoint the deputy lieutenants of Edinburgh .

within the said city , and shall also appoint officers of the militia,

whose number and rank shall be proportionable to the number of

militia men which the said city shall raise, as its quota towards

the militia of the county to which the said city is united for the

purposes aforesaid ; and all powers and provisions made by this

act, with respect to the counties at large, and the militia thereof ,

and the registering herein- after directed of the qualification of

deputy lieutenants and officers, shall take place and be in force,

with respect to the said city and its liberties, and the militia

thereof , and the registering of the said qualifications, and the value

DDD3

774 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 91. [1802.

value of the respective qualifications of the deputy lieutenants

and officers of the militia of such city and its liberties, shall be

as follows : Every deputy lieutenant shall be feised or poffefsfed

of a real estate, in houses or other property within the said city

and liberties thereof , of the yearly value of one hundred pounds

sterling, or thall te poffefsed of a personal estate alone, or feised

or possessed of real and personal estate together, to the amount or

value of two thousand pounds sterling ; and every lieutenant

colonel shall respectively be in like manner seised or possessed

of a like real estate in houses or property within the said city , of

the yearly value of two hundred pounds sterling, or shall be pof-

feffed of a personal estate alone, or feised or poffefsed of real and

personal estate together, to the amount or value of four thousand

pounds sterling; and the qualification of a major or captain shall

be a like real estate in houses or property within the said city of

the yearly value of one hundred pounds sterling , or personal estate

alone, or real and personal estate together , to the amount or value

oftwo thousand pounds sterling; and the qualification of a lieu-

tenant shall be a like real estate in houses or other property within

the said city, of the yearly value of fifty pounds sterting, or per-

fonal estate alone to the amount or value of one thousand pounds

sterling ; and the qualification of an ensign shall be a like real

estate in houses or other property within the said city, of the

yearly value of twenty- five pourds sterling, or personal estate

alone to the amount or value of five hundred pounds sterling:

saving always, and reserving to the royal college of surgeons in

Edinburgh, all rights, immunities, privileges , and exemptions, of

which the said college may have been, and still are, in the lawful

possession, and the benefit of any act or acts of parliament passed

Nodeputy heretofore in their favour.

VIII. And be it further enacted , That no person shall here-

lieutenant, or after be appointed to be a deputy lieutenant of any county ,

any oficer superiorto a stewartry, city, or place, or be appointed to a higher rank in the

fubaltern, to militia than that of lieutenant , until he shall have delivered

be appointed , in to the clerk to the commissioners of supply of the county,

till his quali stewartry , city, or place for which he shall be appointed, or

fication be de-( in the absence of the clerk of supply) to his deputy, a specifick

livered to the

clerk to the description in writing , signed by himself , of his qualification ,

commissioners stating the parith or parishes in which the estate or estates which

offupply ,who form his qualification is or are situate, and the clerk of supply, or

shall transmit his deputy , shall transmit to the lieutenant of the county, stewar-

acopy to the

county lieu . try, city, or place, a copy of such description ; and no commission

tenant.

granted after the pailing of this act for a higher rank in the

militia than that of lieutenant shall be valid, unless it be declared

in the commission that the officer to whom the commission is

givenhath delivered in his qualification as above directed.

Clerks of fup- ply to enter

IX. And be it further enacted, That the clerk of supply of

every county, stewartry, city, and place, thall and he is hereby

qualifications required to enter the qualifications tranfinitted to him according

upon aroll.

and to insert to the directions of this act, upon a roll to be provided and kept

in the London for that purpose, and to cause to be inserted in the London Gazette

the

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 91. 775

thedates of the commissions, and names and rank of the officers , Gazette dates

together with the names of the officers in whose room they arefions, &c.

of commif-

appointed, in like manner as commissions in the army are pub- and to tranf-

lished from the war office ; and he is hereby authorised to charge mit every

the expence of such insertion in the Gazette for each commission January to

to the collector of the land tax of the county, stewartry, city, or

the secretary

place, who is hereby directed to pay the same; and the said clerk

ofstate an

account of

of supply or his deputy shall, in the month of January in every qualifications

year , transmit to one of his Majesty's principal secretaries of state to be laidbe-

a complete account of the qualifications so left with him, and the fore parlia-

secretary of state receiving such accounts shall cause copies thereofment.

to be annually laid before both houses of parliament ; and every Deputy lieu-

deputy lieutenant and commissioned officer, not having already tenants and.

taken and subscribed the oaths, and made , repeated, and fub-

officers to

take the

scribed the declaration as required by this act, shall , at some oathes , &c .

general quarter fession of the peace, or in the court of session, or within fix

the court of exchequer in Scotland , within six months after he months after

shall have accepted his commission, take the oaths appointed to appointment .

be taken by an act passed in the first year of the reign of his

majesty King George the First, intituled An alt for the further

Security of his Majesty's person and government, and the succession of

the crown in the heirs of the late princess Sophia, being Protestants, and

for extinguishing the hopes of the pretended prince of Wales, and bis

open andfecret abettors ; and also by an act, passed in the thirty-

sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty , intituled, An act

for altering the oath of objuration and the assurance, and for amend-

ingso much of an act of the seventh year of her late majesty Queen

Anne, intituled , An act for the improvement of the union of the two

kingdoms, as after the time therein limited requires the delivery of

certain lifts and copies therein mentioned to persons indicted of high

treason or misprision of treason ; and thall also make, repeat and fub-

scribe the declaration in the said act of the first year of King

George the First, directed to be made, repeated, and subscribed

byall officers, civil and military. 1

X. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall ex- Penalty on

ecute any of the powers hereby directed to be executed by deputy persons acting

who are

lieutenants, colonels, lieutenant colonels, or majors, not being unqualified,

qualified as aforesaid, or without having delivered in such spe- or who have

cifick description of his qualification as is herein- before required, not delivered

every such person shall forfeit and pay the fum of two hundred in their quali- fications .

pounds ; and if any person shall execute any of the powers

hereby directed to be executed by captains, not being qualified

as aforesaid, or without having delivered in such specifick description of his qualification as is herein-before required, every

such person shall forfeit and pay the sum of one hundred pounds,

one moiety whereof shall go to the use of the person who shall

fue for the fame ; and in every action, suit, or complaint,

brought against any person for acting as deputy lieutenant, co-

lonel, lieutenant colonel, major, or captain not being qualified

as herein-before directed, the proof of his qualification shall

lie upon the person against whom the fame is brought: provided always,

DDD4

776 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 91. [ 1802 .

Peers, or their always, that nothing in this act contained shall restrain or pre-

heursapparent, vent any peer of this realm , or heir apparent of any such peer,

mayact,

thoughnot from being appointed or acting as a deputy lieutenant, or a

possessedof commissioned officer in the militia, within the county , stewartry,

qualifications . city, or place, or counties , stewartries, cities, and places, contributing to form one such battalion of militia as herein-after

directed, wherein such peer, or heir apparent of such peer , shall

have some place of residence, although he may not have the

qualification herein-before required; or to oblige any peer of

this realm , or heir apparent of such peer, who shall be appointed

a deputy lieutenant or commissioned officer as aforesaid, to leave

with the clerk ofsupply for the county , stewartry , city, or place

for which he shall be appointed , any qualification in writing as

aforesaid.

Officers pro-

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any

moted to the officer in the militia, duly qualified as aforesaid, who in confe-

rankofmajor, inconsequence quence of the augmentation of the militia forces herein-after

ofan augmen- provided , may hereafter be promoted to the commission of

tation of the major, and may, by any subsequent reduction of that augmenta-

militia, to hold tion, no longer retain such commission, shall and may continue

their rank in

general militia to rank in the general militia service, according to the date of his

service, not- commission or appointment in the militia so vacated as aforesaid :

withstanding a provided, that nothing herein contained shall extend to give any

subsequent re- such major any regimental rank .

duction.

XII. And be it further enacted, That his Majesty , his heirs

His Majesty may order

and successors, may from time to time, as he and they thall think

county lieu- fit, signify his and their pleasure to his and their licutenant of

tenants todif- any county, stewartry, city, or place, to displace all or any

placedeputy deputy lieutenants and officers in the militia; and thereupon his

lieutenants or

officers .

Majesty's respective lieutenants shall forthwith displace such de-

puty lieutenants or officers , and appoint others within the fame

county, stewartry , city, or place, with the like qualifications,

and under and subject to the like provisions and restrictions , to

serve in their stead.

1

1

County lieu-

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the lieutenant of every

tenants and

deputiesmay

county, stewartry, city, and place, shall from time to time ap-

appoint clerks point a clerk of the general meetings to be holden as herein-

of their meet- after directed, and may displace such clerk if he shall think fit,

ings.

and appoint another in his room ; and the deputy lieutenants

within their respective subdivifions, or the major part ofthose

present at any subdivision meeting, shall also from time to time

appoint a clerk for their subdivisions, and may displace such clerk

if they or the major part of them shall think fit , and appoint

another in his room.

Numbers of

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the number ofprivate men

privatemetin (exclusive offerjeants , corporals, and drummers) to be raised by

specified .

virtue of this act shall be as follows ; (videlicet) , For the county

of Edinburgh three hundred and thirty -three, for the city of

Edinburgh three hundred and ten; for the county of Linlithgow

ninety -four ; for the county of Haddington one hundred and

fifty -four; for the county ofBerwick one hundred and fitty-five ; for

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 91. 777

for the county of Peebles forty-five; for the county of Selkirk

twenty-five; for the county of Roxburgh one hundred and fe-

venty-eight ; for the stewartry of Kircudbright one hundred and

fifty-one; for the county of Wigton one hundred and nineteen ;

for the county ofAyr four hundred and thirty-six; for the coun-

ty of Renfrew four hundred and four; for the county of Lanark

seven hundred and fifty-one; for the county of Sterling two

hundred and sixty-three ; for the county of Kinross thirty- five ;

for the county of Fife four hundred and eighty-four ; for the

county of Dunbarton one hundred and seven ; for the county

of Bute sixty-one ; for the county of Argyle three hundred and

sixty-four ; for the county of Inverness three hundred and eighty-

four; for the county of Perth six hundred and fifty-three ; for

the county of Forfar five hundred and eleven ; for the county

of Kincardine one hundred and thirty six ; for the county of

Aberdeen six hundred and forty; for the county of Banff one

hundred and seventy-nine; for the county of Elgin one hundred and thirty- eight; for the county of Nairn forty- three ; for

the county of Cromarty sixteen; for the county of Ross two

hundred and seventy; for the county of Sutherland one hundred ;

for the county of Caithness one hundred and twenty- one ; for

the county of Dumfries two hundred and eighty- four ; for the

county of Clackmannan fifty- fix .

XV. And be it further enacted, That the numbers of pri- Numbers of

vate militia men herein- before appointed to serve for the se- private men

veral counties, stewartries , cities , and places aforesaid , shall con- hereby ap-

tinue to be and remain the respective quotas of the several and pointed to

continue the

respective counties, stewartries, cities, and places aforesaid, un- quotas until

til the twenty- fifth day of June one thousand eight hundred June 25, 1805,

and five , and from thence until other quotas shall be fettled , and the num-

bersthereafter

ascertained, and appointed by his Majesty's privy council, in appointed by

manner , herein- after directed, and the several and respective the privy

quotas that shall, at or after the expiration of the said first council to

mentioned period, and also from time to time at or after the continue the

expiration of every successive ten years , after such period, be quotas until

shall be

fettled, ascertained, and appointed by his Majesty's privy coun- fettled .

cil, under the provisions of this act, thall, trom the appoint-

ment thereof , continue to be and remain the respective quotas

of the several and respective counties, stewartries, cities, and

places aforesaid , after which any such subsequent quotas shall have

been appointed, until other quotas shall be settled, ascertained,

and appointed, under this act.

XVI. And be.it further enacted , That general meetings ofRegulations

the lieutenancy of every county, stewartry , city, and piace, for holding

shall be holden in some principal town of every such county, general meet.

ings lieu-

stewartry, city, and place ; and such general meetings shall con- tenancy.

fift of the lieutenant, together with two deputy lieutenants at

the least, or on the death or removal, or in the absence of the

lieutenant, then of three deputy lieutenants at the least, of every

county, stewartry, city, and place respectively, and one such

general meeting shall be holden within every county, stewartry,

city ,

1

1

778 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 91. [1802.

city, and place annually, upon the last Tuesday which shall hap-

pen before the first day of August in every year; and the lieute-

nant, together with any two deputy lieutenants, or (on the death

or removal , or in the absence of the lieutenant ) any three deputy

lieutenants of any county, stewartry, city , or place, when and

as often as they shall find necessary for carrying the purposes

of this act duly and fully into execution, may summon, or

cause to be summoned, other general meetings of the. lieute-

nancy on any days to be fixed by such summons, of which days,

and the places of holding such meetings respectively, notice

shall be given in any weekly or other newspaper usually cir-

culated in such county, stewartry, city, or place, fourteen days

at the least before the days appointed for holding such meet-

ings respectively; and the lieutenant with any two deputy

lieutenants, or (upon the death or removal, or in the absence

of the lieutenant) any three deputy lieutenants of any county,

stewartry, city , or place, are hereby authorised to charge the

expence of such notices to the collector of the land tax of the

county, stewartry, city, or place, who is hereby authorised to

pay the same ; and in cafe any annual or other general meeting

thall not be attended by the lieutenant and two-deputy lieu-

tenants, or by three deputy lieutenants, as herein-before required, the lieutenant, or any one deputy lieutenant , who shall

attend at such meeting, shall and may adjourn the same to any

other time and to any place within such county, stewartry,

city , or place ; and in cafe no deputy lieutenant shall attend at

the time and place appointed for the next meeting, then the

clerk of the general meetings, or his deputy, shall adjourn such

meeting to any other time to be holden at the same place .

Subdivision

XVII. And re it further enacted, That meetings of the deputy

meetings to lieutenants for the subdivifions of their respective counties, stew-

confist of two artries, cities , and places, thall be holden as herein- after direct-

deputy lieu- tenants at the ed ; which subdivision meetings thall consist of two deputy

leatt , or one lieutenants at the least : provided always, that at any subdivision

deputy and a

mecting appointed according to the directions of his act, where

justice of the

two deputy licutenants do not attend, it shall be lawful for any

peace.

one deputy licutenant, together with any one justice of the

peace of the county, stewartry, city, or place within which such

subdivision lies , to do all acts, matters, and things which are

by this act directed to be done by deputy lieutenants at their

respective subdivision meetings, and all such acts, matters, and

things fo done by any tuch deputy lieutenant and justice of the

peace, shall be as good, valid, and effectual in the law, to all

intents and purposes, as if they had been done by two deputy

lieutenants of such county, stewartry, city, or place; any thing

in this act to the contrary hereof notwithstanding .

Clerk togive

XVIII. And be it further enacted , That the respective clerks

notice oftub

division meet-

of the subdivision meetings thall, as soon as conveniently may

ings to the

be after any lach subdivision meeting shall have been appoint-

deputy heu-

ed, give notice in writing of the time and place of meeting to

tenants, and

also to the

such of the deputy lieutenants who thall be resident within such

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III . C. 91. 779

such subdivision as he conveniently can, and also to the com - commanding

manding officer of the regiment or battalion, if on actual fer- officer, and an

account of the

vice, or (if not on actual service) to the colonel or other com- days for re-

mandant thereof , or in case of his absence from Great Britain, ceiving lits,

to the next commanding officer within Great Britain, by notice ballotting,

addressed to the adjutant , and an account of the several day's inrolling, &c.

fixed for receiving lifts , and for ballotting, and for inrolling

the militia men within such subdivision ; and shall , as soon as

the militia men are inrolled, likewise transmit to the colonel

or other commandant, or to the commanding officer as aforesaid, in manner aforesaid, a lift specifying the names, trades, and

usual places of abode of all such militia men as are inrolled ,

and where there are substitutes, the names, trades, and places

of abode of the persons in the room of whom such substitutes

were inrolled.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That ifit shall happen that When two

there shall not appear at any subdivision meeting two deputy deputy licu-

lieutenants, or one deputy lieutenant and one justice of the tenants, or

one anda

peace, the clerk of such meeting shall , by notice to be given injuslice , donot

writing to all the deputy lieutenants within such subdivision, or attend, an-

left at their respective places of abode, appoint another meeting other meeting

to be held within fourteen days at the same place where such thall be appointedby no-

meeting was to have been holden, such notice being given tice from the

five days at the least previous to such meeting . clerk.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the lieutenant and Generalmeet-

deputy lieutenants, or the deputy lieutenants, at every annual ings to appoint

or some other general meeting to be holden as herein-before subdivision meetings, and

directed, shall appoint the first meeting of the deputy lieutenants to require the

for the several subdivifions of their respective counties, stew- schoolma-

artries, cities , and places, which said first meetings shall be ters, or

appointed to be held as early after the first day of August in chief conftaf-

bles, to

every year, as conveniently may be, or at such other time as order a return

may be most expedient for carrying the purposes of this act to be made to

fully and duly into execution; and the said lieutenant andde- the deputy

putylieutenant , or the said deputy lieutenants, may , if the judge lieutenants of

men between

needful, appointthe time and place for a second general meeting, the ages of 18

and shall issue out their orders to the schoolmaster of each and 45.

parish, or to the chief constable, and where there is no chief

constable, to some other officer of the several districts, parishes ,

or other divisions within their respective counties, stewartries ,

cities, and places, requiring every such schoolmaster, chief

constable, or other officer as aforesaid, to issue an order under

his hand to all constables or other officers of every parish or

place within their respective counties, stewartries, cities, or

places, to return to the deputy lieutenants within their respective subdivifions, at the places and on the days appointed at

the first general meeting in every year, fair and true lifts in

writing, in manner by this act directed, of the names of all the

men usually and at that time dwelling within the respective

parishes and places for which they shall respectively act under the

780 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 91. [1802.

the provisions and in the execution of his act , between the ages

of eighteen and forty-five years .

Schoolmaf-

XXI. And be it further enacted , That the several school-

ters,&c.togive masters, constables, and other officers and persons required to

notice in the

forminthe

return lifts of persons fit and liable to serve in the militia, shall,

aunexed fche- within fourteen days after any such returns shall be required,

dule (A), to give or leave notice in writing, in the form in the schedule

housekeepers, to this act annexed , marked ( A.) to or for every occupier of

&c. to pro-

duce lifts con- every dwelling house where any person shall reside, within

taining certain the limits of the places for which they act as such schoolmasters ,

particulars. constables, or other officers as aforesaid, in the execution of

this ast , or any of the provisions thereof , at his or her dwelling

house, or where such dwelling house shall be divided into

different stories or apartments, and occupied distinctly by several

persons, then to or for the occupier of each distinct story or

apartment, to prepare or produce, within fourteen days next

ensuing the day of giving such notice, a list in writing, to the

best of his or her belief , of the christian and surname of

each and every man resident in such dwelling house , or distinct

story or apartment, between the ages of eighteen and forty-five ,

distinguishing every person in such dwelling house, or distinct

story or apartment , of such age as aforesaid claiming to be

exempt from serving in the militia, together with the ground of

every such claim ofexemption, and every such notice shall mention

the day, time and place appointed for hearing appeals within such

subdivision, by persons claiming to be exempt from serving in the

militia ; and every such occupier shall, after such notice fog- ven or

left, make out such lift, and sign the fame with hisor her own name,

and thall deliver the fame, or cause the same to be delivered to

such schoolmaster, conflable, or other officer or person as afore-

Penalty of51. said; and ifanyoccupier shall neglect or refuse to make out,

fornot duly

delivering lifts , sign, and deliver such lift as aforesaid, within the time before

ormaking limited, or shall omit any person who ought to have been in-

falte returns . cluded therein in pursuance of this act, or knowingly make

any false return of any particular required therein, every such

occupier shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay a fum

not exceeding the sum of five pounds.

Occupiers be- XXII. And be it further enacted, That in every case where

ing Quakers to

producecerti- any notice shall be served upon any occupier, being one of the

ficatesof

people called Quakers, such occupier thall , within seven days

theirbeing

after the service of such notice, produce to the schoolmaster,

of thatper-

fuafion , in

constable, or other officer , a certificate under the hands of two

which cafe

or more reputable housekeepers, being of the people called

the school-

Quakers, acknowledging such person to be one of their per-

masters, &c . fuafion ; and that in all such cases such schoolmasters, con-

hall make

returns of

stables , or other officers , are hereby required to make returns

persons lia- of the persons liable to serve in the militia resident in the

ble to serve in houses, stories, or apartments of such occupiers so certified to

such houses as be of the people called Quakers, in the same manner as is di-

rected

=

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 91. 781

rected by this act in cases where returns are not made to such where returns

notices as aforesaid. are not made

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the schoolmasters, to notices.

constables, or other officers of every parish or place, shall , within Schoolmaf .

ters , &c .

one month after having delivered such notices as aforesaid, to make

make out in every year a fair and true list in writing, accord- out yearly

ing to the form in the schedule to this act annexed, marked lifts, accord-

( B.) of the names of all the men usually and at that time dwel- ing to the

form in

ling within the respective parishes and places for which they the schedule .

shall respectively act in the execution of the provisions of this(B. ) of the

act, between the ages of eighteen and forty-five years, as well names ofmen

of those who have not made any return, or been returned in between the

ages of 18

pursuance of such notices as aforesaid, as of those who shall and 45 within

have made such returns, or been returned in pursuance thereof, their respec-

distinguishing their respective ranks and occupations, and those tive diftrists ,

who have made returns to such notices from those who have distinguishing

their rank,

neglected to make such returns ( and where the true names of occupation,

such persons cannot be procured, the common appellation of &c. and to

such person shall be sufficient), and distinguishing which of the affix a copy

persons fo returned labour under any infirmity likely to incapa- door, with

on the church

citate them from serving as militia men, and which of them notice of the

claim to be exempt from serving in the militia, and on what meeting for

account; and shall affix a true copy of every such lift on the hearing ap-

door of the church or chapel belonging to every such parish or peals .

place, or ( if any place shall have no church or chapel belonging

thereto) on the door of the church or chapel of some parish or

place thereto adjoining, some one Sunday morning before they

shall make the return to the deputy lieutenants as directed by

this act, which Sunday shall be three days at the least before

the meeting of deputy lieutenants at which such return is to

be made; and also notice in writing at the bottom of the said

1

copy of such lift of the day and hour and place of meeting for

hearing appeals under this act, and that all persons who thall

think themselves aggrieved may then appeal, and that no appeal Copies of

will be afterwards received ; and thall afterwards make a re-

lifts to be

turn of such lift as aforesaid, or a true and exact copy thereof returned to

to the deputy lieutenants of the subdivision . "

thedeputy lieutenants.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any person whose Persons ag-

name shall be inserted in any lift in pursuance of this act, shall grieved may

think himself aggrieved thereby, or by the omission of any other appeal to the

name or names, or hall claim to be exempted from serving in meetings,

subdivision

the militia, it shall be lawful for such person, and he is here- and thede-

by required to appeal to the subdivision meeting appointed to termination

be held for hearing such appeals ; and any two or more of the thereat shall

said deputy lieutenants are hereby empowered and required to

be final.

hear and determine all such appeals ; and if the fame cannot

beheard on the day first appointed, to adjourn to any other day

1

or days ; and the determination of any two deputy lieutenants,

ifonly two are then and there assembled, or of the major part of

them, if more than two are assembled, shall be final to all in-

tents and purposes ; and no appeal shall be afterwards heard

or

782 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 91. [ 1802

or allowed, or any exemption. whatever claimed or admitted,

by or on behalf of any person or persons whatever.

Schoolmaf- XXV. And be it further enacted, That on the days and at

ters, &c.to the places fo respectively appointed as aforesaid for the returns

attend and to

verify litts on of the lifts, the schoolmasters, constables, or other officers re-

oath, and the spectively shall attend , and verify the said returns upon oath ;

deputylieu- and the said deputy lieutenants, or any two or more of them

tenants to

amend lifts

assembled in their respective subdivisions, shall, after hearing

and appoint any appeals or claims of exemption, direct such lifts to be amend-

second meets ed as the cafe thall require ; and shall also direct the names of

ings, and shall all persons by this act respectively exempted from serving in the

return to the

clerkof the militia to be struck out, and the names of any persons that

general shall have been omitted to be inserted; and after amending

meetings cer- the said lifts according to this act, shall appoint the times and

tificates in the places for their second meetings within their respective sub-

form in the divisions, and shall return to the clerk of the general meetings,

schedule (C.) for the use of the said general meetings, certificates under their

hands, in the form in the schedule to this act annexed, marked

( C.) of the number of men in each parish or place between

the ages of eighteen and forty-five years, distinguishing the

numbers of men liable to serve, and also the number of men

exempt from serving in each parish or place within the fub-

divisions, and the same shall be kept by the clerk for the use

of the general meetings .

Penaltyofsol. XXVI. And be it farther enacted, That any person who

for endea- shall, by gratuity, gift, or reward, or by promise thereof , or any

vouringto indemnification, or by menaces, or otherwise, endeavour to pre-

prevail on schoolmasters, vail on any schoolmaster, chief constable, constable, or other

&c. to make officer, to make a false return of any lift for any parith or place ,

falle returns, or to erase or leave out of any such lift the name of any per-

andof rol. fon who ought to be returned to serve as a militia man, every

onpersons resulting to tell such person thall , for every such offence, forfeit and pay the

their names, sum of fifty pounds , and if any person shall refuse to tell his

orthe names

christian and furname, or shall fallely tell a christian or furname,

of lodgers .

pretending the same to be his true christian or furname, or shall

refuse to tell the christian or furname of any man lodging or

residing within his or her house , or shall knowingly tell any

false name , pretending it to be the true name of any such per-

fon, to any schoolmaster, constable, or other officer, authorised

by this act to demand the fame , every such person shall for-

feit and pay the sum of ten pounds.

Deputy lieu-

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful

tenants may

for the deputy lieutenants within any subdivision, or any two

issue orders

for the at-

or more of them, from time to time to issue their order or

tendance of

warrant under their hands, requiring the attendance of the

constables,

constable or other officer of any parish or place within such

&c. , and if

subdivision, at such time and place as in such order or warrant

any shall neglect to ap-

shall be expressed; and if any such constable or other officer

pear , or ifany thall refuse or neglect to appear according to such order or

chiefcon-

warrant, or if any chief constable or other officer of any county ,

stable , &c.

stewartry , city, or place, or any constable or other officer of

shall L any

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 91. 783

any parish or place, shall refuse or neglect to return any such return ifts, or

list as before directed, or to comply with such orders and direc- thall he guilty

of fraud ,

tions as he shall from time to time receive from the said deputy partiality, or

lieutenants , or any two or more of them, in pursuance of this neglect, he

act, or shall in making such return be guilty of any fraud or may be com-

wilful partiality, or grofs neglect in his duty , the said deputy paols of

mitted to

lieutenants, or any two or more of them, are hereby empowered fined.

and required to commit the person fo offending to the common

gaol, there to be kept without bail or mainprize for the space of

one month, or at their discretion to fine such person in any fum

not exceeding twenty pounds nor less than forty thillings .

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That Twojustices

if any chief or other constable shall be of the people called Quakers may appoint

( and certifiedtobesoby two persons of the people called Quakers) , Quakers deputies to

for

and shall neglect or refuse to perform the duties required by carrying this

this act , it shall be lawful for anytwo justices of the peace, act into exe-

acting for the division within which such Quaker shall be, such cution.

officer as aforesaid, and they are hereby required in all cafes

where the circumstances of the case shall in their judgement

render it expedient and necessary for the due execution of the

provisions of this act, by their order under their hands, to

appoint a fit and proper person to be deputy to such Quaker for

the purpose only of carrying this act into execution; and every

person so appointed deputy as aforesaid shall have and exercise

all the powers, authorities , and jurisdiction given by this act to

such officer for whom he shall fo act, and shall do and perform

all the like duties and offices under the like pains, penalties ,

and forfeitures as are hereby imposed for neglect of duty of any

such officer as aforesaid, in like manner in every respect as the

person for whom he shall so act ; and where an appointment of

any deputy shall be fo made, the principal chief constable (being

one of the people called Quakers), thall be and he is hereby

discharged from the performance of any duty required by him

by this act and from all penalties incurred for neglect thereof

after the time of such appointment.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Two or more

the deputy lieutenants, at their subdivision meetings, to add places and

lifts for them

together, whenever they shall think it necessary, any two or may be added

more parishes or places for the purposes of this act ; and also to together, and

add together the lifts of such parishes and places aforesaid, so as the school-

to make the choice of militia men, by ballot, within every such masters, &c.

shall act to-

subdivision, as equal and impartial as possible; and where any gether as if

parishes and places so added together thall lie in different districts they were

or divisions within the same county, stewartry, city , or place, to officers of

direct in what district or division the same shall be considered for the fame

the purposes of this act; and the said deputy lieutenants shall parish, and

shallmeet in

proceed upon the lifts to added together in like manner as if they the parich

had been originally returned from one parish as aforesaid; and first named in

the schoolmasters, constables, or other officers ofparisnes and the order of

places so added together, shall act together in the execution of the deputy

this act, as if they were respectively officers of one and the fame

lieutenants.

parith

784 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 91. [1802.

parish or place; and all such schoolmasters, constables, and

officers so as aforesaid acting together by virtue of this act, shall

hold their meetings under this act in the parish or place which

Deputy lieu-

tenants to

shall be named first in such order of deputy lieutenants ; and if

hear andde-

any difference or disagreement shall arise between the officers of

terminedif .

any parish or place, or between the officers of different parishes

ferences

or places, touching the execution of this act , the deputy lieu-

between

tenants acting in and for the subdivision where such difference

parith officers.

or

dilagreement shall happen, shall at any subdivision meeting,

and they are hereby authorised to hear and determine the same ,

and make such order therein for the better execution of this act

as to them shall seem meet, and such orders shall be final and

conclusive.

If clerks of

subdivision

XXX. And be it further enacted , That the clerks of all fub-

meetings neg- division meetings shall, within fourteen days after every fubdi-

lectto transmit vision meeting , transmit to the clerk of the general meetings of

to the clerk the county, stewartry, city , or place, fair and true copies of such

of the general rolls as shall be signed at such subdivision meeting; and if any

meetings

copies ofrolls, such clerk shall omit or neglect to make such return as aforesaid ,

or make

within such period as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully

false returns, make any false return, such clerk shall forfeit and pay for every

theyshallfor- such offence the sum of twenty pounds.

feit201. XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the clerks to the

Clerks toge- general meetings of lieutenancy in the several counties, stew-

ings failing to artries, cities, and places required to raise militia under this act,

transmit to

shall and they are hereby required to transmit to his Majesty's

the privy

councilan-

privy council annually, as soon after the returns, in the form in

nual returns

the schedule to this act annexed, marked (D.) , of men shall

in the form,

have been made to the general meetings as the fame can be

in schedule( D) done, accurate returns of the number of persons between the

of the

ber of persons ages of eighteen and forty-five , distinguishing the number fit and

between the

liable to serve in the militia for the counties, stewartries, cities,

ag;s of 18

and places to which they respectively belong, and also the num-

and45, &c. or

ber therein exempt from serving ; and if any such clerk shall

making false

omit or neglect to make such return to the privy council within

returns, to

forfeit rool .

one month after the general meeting of lieutenancy of the

county , stewartry, city, or place to which he shall belong, at

which the returns of men shall have been laid before such

meeting, or shall knowingly or wilfully make any false return,

such clerk shall forfeit and pay for every such offence the sum of

one hundred pounds.

Theprivy

council , by

June 25, 1805,

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful

for his Majesty's privy council, and they are hereby required,

and after-

on or before the twenty- fifth day of June one thousand eight

wards every

hundred and five, and afterwards from time to time at the expi-

To years to ration of every succeeding period of ten years as aforesaid, to

fix the quota

ofmen to take into consideration the number of men fit and liable to serve

serve for each in the militia in each county, stewartry, city, and place required

place, and to by this act to raise militia, and forthwith to ascertain, settle , and

transmit the fix the number of militia men who shall for the next succeeding

numbers to

the county

ten years serve for each county, stewartry, city , andplace aforesaid ,

1802. ] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 91. 785

said, as near as maybe by the proportion that the number of men lieutenants,

fit and liable to serve in each county, stewartry, city , and place, and publish

the fame in

shall bear to the whole number of militia men by this act directed the London

tobe raised, and shall thereupon transmit the number fo fixed Gazette.

and fettled as aforesaid to the respective lieutenants of the

counties, stewartries, cities, and places aforesaid, and shall cause

notice of the same to be thrice printed in the London Gazette.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That where the number Where the

ofmilitia men so fixed and settled for any county , stewartry, city, number fixed

shall be greater

or place, shall be greater than the former quota of such county, than thefate

stewartry, city, or place, then and in every such case the lieu- mer quota,

tenant for such county, stewartry, city, or place , together with the general

- any two or more deputy lieutenants, and on the death or removal, meeting shall

orin the absence of the said lieutenant, any three or more deputy appoint what

number thall

lieutenants shall, at a general meeting tobe holden for that pur- be chosen for

pose, appoint what number of militia men shall serve for each each division ;

respective parish or other division within such county, stewartry, an I where

city , orplace, and the additional number of militia men to make le's, shall dismiss the

up the whole number so fixed and fettled as aforesaid shall be excelsby

provided or chosen in the same manner as other militia men are ballot pro-

by this act to be provided or chosen ; and all the additional men portionally

so provided or chosen as aforesaid, or their substitutes, and also out of each division.

all volunteers, shall take the oath by this act required to be

taken, and (hall be inrolled , or sign their consent to serve in the

militia in such manner as is directed by this act, and in case of

refusal, shall be subject to the same penalties as in like cafes are

inflicted by this act : provided always, that where the number of

militia men so fixed and settled for any county, stewartry, city,

or place as aforesaid, shall be less than the former quota of such

county, stewartry, city, or place, then and in every such cafe the

said lieutenants, together with any two or more deputy lieu-

tenants, or (on the death or removal, or in the absence of the

said lieutenant) any three or more deputy lieutenants shall, at a

general meeting to be held for that purpose dismiss to their own

homes , by ballot , proportionally out of each respective parish or

other division, so many militia men as shall exceed the number

so fixed and settled as aforesaid; and the several persons so dif- Mendismissed

missed as aforesaid shall remain liable to serve in the militia, and to be liable to

shall and are hereby required to join any regiment or battalion serve, and

their names to

of militia serving for the county, stewartry, city, or place, from be entered in

the militia of which they shall have been dismissed, whenever a lift, out

cancies shall

called upon so to do, for the purpose of supplying vacancies that of which va

may arise in the said militia; and the names of all the persons be filled up by

fo dismissed as aforesaid thall be entered in a lift; and the de- ballot, to serve

puty lieutenants shall cause the men necessary for supplying any for the re-

mainder of thevacancies that maythereafter arise in the militia of such county, mainder

stewartry, city, or place , to be ballotted for out of the persons which they

contained in any fsuch lift as aforesaid , while fit persons can be were engaged.

found to supply such vacancies, and so from time to time as

occasion shall require, so long as any of the persons contained in

any such lift can be found fit to supply such vacancies as afore-

ERE said ;

VOL. XLIII.

786 Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. C. 91. [1802.

said ; and every person so ballotted to supply such vacancy, who

shall not be unfit by reason of sickness or bodily inability , shall

serve in the militia of such county, stewartry , city, or place ,

upon the conditions and for the remainder of the time for which

such person shall have been engaged to serve in such militia

before he was dismissed as aforesaid ; and whenever and as soon

as all persons returned in any such lift that can be found fit to

supply such vacancies as aforesaid, shall by ballot have supplied

such vacancies as aforesaid, then and in every such case the men

necessary for supplying such future vacancies as may arise in such

militia shall be raised, chosen, and ballotted for in manner

directed by this act .

General

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the lieutenants of

meetings may

alter subdivi .

any county, stewartry, city, or place, together with any three or

fions and the

more deputy lieutenants, or (on the death or removal , or in the

allotment of

absence of any lieutenant) any five or more deputy lieutenants

menin each

may, at any general meeting holden as before directed, alter the

division.

appointed subdivifions within such county , stewartry, city, or

place , if they shall see occasion, and also may alter the established

allotment of the number ofmen in each respective parish or other

division toserve in the militia, towards raising the number ofmi-

litia menby this act, or by his Majesty's order in council, as the

cafe may be, directed to be raised for such county, stewartry ,

city , or place, according to the numbers contained in the respec-

tive certificates received from the several subdivision meetings.

At the second

subdivision meeting, the

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That the deputy lieute.

nants assembled at their said second meeting , within any subdivi-

deputy lieu-

fion as aforesaid , hall appoint what number of men shall serve

tenants shall

for each parish and place within such subdivision, in proportion

appoint the number of

to the number last appointed in the manner herein-before directed,

men to serve

at a general meeting , to serve for each parish or other division ;

for eachpa-

and shall appoint another meeting, to be holden within three

rish , &c. and weeks from the day on which such meeting was holden, within

shall cause

notice to be

the fame subdivision; and shall issue out an order to the chief

given thereof, constable or other officers of the respective counties , stewartries,

andof the

cities, or places, and to the schoolmaster and constable or other

next meeting, officer of every parich or place within their respective counties,

and shall cause stewartwies, cities , or places, of the number of men so appointed

the number

to beballotted to serve for such parish or place, and of the time andplace of the

for, &c. next subdivision meeting ; and the said deputy lieutenants, or any

two or more of them, assembled in pursuance of such appoint

ments, shall cause the number ofmen appointed to serve as afore .

said to be chosenby ballot out of the lift returned for everyparith,

or place aforesaid, in manner following: that is to fay , the names

ofall the mencontained in such list so returned for each parish or

place , written or printed on distinct pieces ofpaper , being all as

nearly as maybe of equal size, and rolled up in the same manner,

shall be put into a box or some other vessel, and shall there be

shaken together, and then a number of names, equal to the quota

to be furnished by such parith or place ,thallbe drawn out and

opened by the person presiding at the meeting , and shall in like

manner:

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 91. 787

manner proceed to ballot for each parish or place within their

subdivision ; and at the meeting at which the militia men to serve

for each parish or place within their subdivision shall have been so

ballotted for, the said deputy lieutenants shall appoint another

meeting to be holden within three weeks for the fame subdivision ,

and shall issue out an order to the chief constables or other officers

of the respective counties , stewartries , cities, and places, and to

the schoolmaster, constable, or other officer of every parish or

place , togive notice to every man so chosen to serve in the mili-

tia to appear at such meeting , which notice shall be given or left

at his place of abode at least seven days before such meeting ;

and such schoolmaster, constable, or other officer shall attend

such meeting, and make such return upon oath of the days when

such notice was served ; and every person so chosen by ballotPersons

shall, upon such notice, appear at such meeting, and ifon exami-chosen by

ballot to

nation found able and fit for the service, and approved ofin man- take the fol-

ner herein - after directed, shall then and there take the followinglowing

oath ; (that is to fay),

TA . B. clo sincerely promise and swear, That Iwill be faith-Oath.

ful and bear allegiance to his majesty King George; and

that I will faithfully serve in the militia, within Great Britain,

for the defence of the same , during the term of five years, for

which I am inrolled, uniess I shall be sooner discharged. '

And every such person shall be then and there inrolled ( in a rollAndshall be

enrolled to

to be then and there prepared for that purpose) to serve in the serve for five

militia of such county, stewartry , city, or place, as aprivate mi-years.

litia man, for the space of five years .

XXXVI. Provided always, That if any person so chosen bySubstitutes

ballot shall produce for his substitute a man of the fame countyduced , and if

may be pro-

or counties, stewartries, cities, or places, forming a battalion, as approved,

herein-after directed, or of some adjoining county, stewartry, shall be in-

city, or place, able and fit for service, and who thall be exa- rolled , and

mined and approved in manner herein-atter directed, suchtake the fol-

substitute so produced and approved shall be inrolled to servelowing

in the militia of such county, stewartry, city, or place, as a

private militia man, for the space of five years, and also for

such further time as the militia shall remain embodied, if within

the space of five years his Majesty shall order and direct the

militia for which such man is inrolled to be drawn out and

embodied, as herein-after provided; and such substitute shall take

the following oath :

ἹA. B. do sincerely promise and swear , That I will be faith- Oath.

ful and bear true allegiance to his majesty King George, and

that I will faithfully serve in the militia, within Great Britain ,

for the defence of the fame , during the term of five years , or

for such further time as the militia shall remain embodied, if

within the space of five years his Majesty shall order and direct

EEE2 the

788 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III.C.91. [1802.

the militia to be drawn out and embodied, unless I shall be

sooner discharged.'

And any person so chosen byballot, for whom such substitute

shall have been so produced, approved, inrolled, and sworn as

aforesaid, shall be exempt from service in the militia in the same

manner as if he himself had served, according to the directions

of this act.

The inhabit-

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if the inhabitants

ants of any

of any parish or place shall provide and produce to the said

place may producevo-

deputy lieutenants, or any two or more of them, at any fubdi-

lunteers, and

vision meeting for choosing the militia men by ballot, any volun-

if approved they shall be

teer or volunteers, who shall be examined and approved as is herein-

after mentioned, such volunteer or volunteers so examined and

sworn and

enrolled.

approved, shall be then and there sworn in and inrolled to serve

for such term, and on the same conditions, as is herein-before

provided in case of substitutes produced by persons chosen by

ballot; and the said deputy lieutenants shall cause only such

number of persons to be chosen by ballot out of the lift returned

for such parish or place , as shall be then wanted to make up the

whole number to serve for such parish or place.

Certain per-

fons exempt from service.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no peer of this

realm, nor any person being a commissioned officer in his Majesty's other forces, or in any one of his Majesty's castles or

forts , nor any officer on the half -pay of the navy, army, or ma-

rines, nor any non-commissioned officer or private man serving

in any of his Majesty's other forces , nor any commissioned of-

ficer serving or who thall have served four years in the militia,

nor any person being a professor of any of the four universities,

nor any licensed clergyman, nor any parish schoolmaster, nor any

teacher licensed within the county, stewartry, city, or place, to

teach in some separate congregation, whose place of meeting

shall have been duly registered within the twelve months previous

to the general meeting appointed to meet in August for the purposes of his act, nor any constable or other peace officer, nor

1

any apprentice, feaman , or seafaring man , nor any person

employed and mustered in his Majesty's service in any of his

Majesty's forts or castles, nor any man who has more than two

lawful children, and who is not poffefsed of an estate in lands ,

goods, or money of the clear value of fifty pounds sterling , and

Persons who

have served

who shall make oath that he is not seised or possessed of such

not liable to

estate, shall be liable to serve personally or provide a substitute to

serve againtill

serve in the militia ; and no person having served personally, or

their turn

by substitute, according to the directions of this act, or of any

comes, but substitutes or

former act for raising a militia in Scotland , shall be obliged to

volunteers

serve again until by rotation it shall come to his turn ; but no

shall serve

person who has served only as a substitute or volunteer in the

if chosen

militia, shall by such service be exempted from serving again , if

byballot .

he shall be chosen by ballot.

Deputylieu-

tonants may XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That if through the

neglect or mistake of any chief constables, schoolmasters, constables ,

1802. ] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 91. 789

stables, or other officers, or from any other cause, the full num- cause lifts to

ber of men appointed for any subdivision should not be duly be amended ,

inrolled at the meeting appointed for that purpose as before and proceed

to a bal-

directed, then the deputy lieutenants attheir said meeting , or any lot , and may

two or more of them, may and they are hereby required imme- administer

diately to cause the lifts to be amended, and to proceed to a fresh oaths, &c.

ballot , and to adjourn their meeting, or appoint other meetings,

and repeat the amending of the lifts, as may be necessary and

expedient for carrying the purposes of this act duly and fully into

execution; and it shall be lawful for any one deputy lieutenant

to administer the oath herein- before required to be taken by

- persons to serve in the militia, to any person ballotted, or to any

person offering as a volunteer under the directions of this act, or

to any person who, being qualified as this act requires, shall

offer to serve as a substitute, such ballotted man, volunteer, or

substitute, having been duly examined and approved as is herein-

after mentioned; and such deputy lieutenant is hereby authorised

to direct and require the clerk of the subdivision for which every

such person by whom the said oath has been before him taken is

to serve , to inrol the name of every such person so having been

duly examined and approved as aforesaid, together with the date

of the day on which the said oath was , so administered to him

in the roll of such subdivision .

XL. And be it further enacted, That if any person chosen Persons

by ballot according to the directions of this act to serve inchofen, ex-

the militia, (not being one of the people called Quakers) , shall cept Quakers,

and not ap-

_ refuse or neglect to appear pear and take the said oath, and serve in pearing, &c.

the militia , or to provide a substitute to be examined and ap- to forfeit 101.

proved as herein- after mentioned, who shall take the said oath ,

and sign his consent to serve as his substitute, every such person so refusing or neglecting shall forfeit and pay the sum of

teh pounds , and at the expiration of five years be liable to

serve again, or provide a substitute; and in default of payment Ifpenalty be

of such penalty, or for want ofsufficient effects whereon to levy notpaid , the

the same, the name of such person shall be entered on the roll , compelledto

person shall be

and such person shall be delivered over to some proper officer serve.

of the regiment or battalion for which he was ballotted, and

shall be compelled to serve for such term, to be computed from

the time of his being apprehended, as any other person who

should be then ballotted for would be compellable to serve,

and shall be subject to the same punishments for afterwards

absconding or deserting , as he would have been subject to in

cafe he had appeared and been duly sworn and inrolled as a

militiaman.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That if the list of any parish Ifany list be

or place shall be lost or destroyed, it shall be lawful for the loft , new ones

said deputy lieutenants, or any two or more of them, to cause out.

thali bemade

a new lift in such parish or place to be made and returned

to them at their next subdivision meeting, in the fame man-

ner as the lift lost or destroyed was made, and ought to have

been returned to them by direction of the general meeting.

EEE 3XLII, And

790. Anno regni quadragesimo fecundoGEORGII III. C. 91. [1802.

Persons cho- fen hall serve

XLII. And be it further enacted, That every person chosen

though they by ballot to serve in the militia , shall be liable to such service ,

remove; and although he may have removed from the place where his name

those having

was inserted in the lift, provided he was residing in such place

more than

one refi-

at the time when the lift was according to the directions of

dence thall

this act prepared; and every person liable to serve in the mi-

serve where

their nan es

lita, having more than one piace of residence, shall serve for

the county, stewartry, city, or place where his pame shall have

were first in-

ferted in the

been first inserted in such lift as aforesaid ; and the clerk to

lift .

the subdivision meeting to which such list shall be returne ,

hall, if such person requires the fame, grant a certificate gratis ,

under his hand, that such person's name was inserted in such

lift , and specifying the time when such lift was made and re-

turned.

Persons shall XLIII. And be it further enacted, That where any parish

serve in the shall lie in two or more counties or stewartries, the inhabi-

militia of the

county in tants, of such parish shall serve in the militia of the county of

which the pa. stewartry wherein the church belonging to such parish is situated ,

rish church is and that such parish shall, for all the purposes of this act, be

situated.

deemed part of such county or stewartry.

Persons frau-

XLIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if

dulently

any two or more deputy lieutenants shail at any of their fub-

bound ap- prentice shall

division mectings receive information, or shall tuspect that any

be liableto

person whose name is inserted in any lift , and described as an

serve , and the

apprentice, has been fraudulently bound apprentice in order to

mastershall

forfeit fol.

avoid serving in the militia, it shall be lawful for them to make

enquiry thereof , and to summon such persons as they shall think

necessary to appear before them at such time and place as they

shall appoint, and to examine such persons upon oath ; and in

cafe it shall appear that such binding was fraudulent, in order

to avoid serving in the militia , it shall be lawful for such deputy

lieutenants to appoint such person so fraudulently bound appren-

tice to serve as a militia manfor the parith orplace for which

such lift shall have been returned, if there shall be a va

cancy , and if there shall be no vacancy - at that time , then

upon the first vacancy that shall happen; and the person to

whom such apprentice thall have been sobound , thall, for such

offence, forfeit and pay the fum often pounds.

Twodeputy lieutenants

XLV. And be it further enacted, That if any person being one

may provide of the people called Quakers, shall be chosen by ballot to serve in

substitutes for the militia, and shall refuse or neglect to appear, and to take the

Quakers, and oath and serve in the militia, orto provide a substitute of the

maylevy the

expence by

distress , &c. same county, stewartry , or place, or of some adjoining parish of

place, to be examined and approved as herein-after directed, who

shall take the said oath, and subscribe his consent to serve as the

substitute of such Quaker, then and in every such case any two or

more deputy lieutenants thall, if they shall think proper, upon as

reasonable terms as may be, provide and hire a fit person of the

same county or counties, fewartries, cities, or places, forming a

battalion or regiment as herein-after directed, to serve as a fub

stitute for such Quaker, and such substitute shall , after being

duly

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III . C. 91. 792

duly examined and approved, take the said oath, and subscribe

his consent to serve in the militia , for the same term, and

on the fame conditions as is herein-before directed in the

cafe of substitutes produced by persons chosen by ballot; and

any two or more deputy lieutenants may and are hereby authorifed , by warrant under their hands, to levy by distress and sale

of the goods and effects of such Quaker, such fum of money

as shall be necessary to defray the expence of providing and

Wiring such substitute, rendering to such Quaker the overplus,

( ifany ), after deducting the charges of such distress and sale ;

and if nogoods or effects belonging to such Quaker can be found

sufficient to levy such distress, and it shall nevertheless appear

satisfactorily to such deputy lieutenants that such Quaker is of

sufficient ability to pay the fum of ten pounds, then it shall be

lawful for such deputy lieutenants to commit such Quaker to the

common gaol , there to remain without bail or mainprize for

the space ofthree months, or until he shall have paid such fum

ofmoney as such deputy lieutenants shall have agreed to pay to

such substitute as aforesaid ; and in cafe any measures shall beQuakers may

used in making distress as aforesaid , which may be by any such complain to

thedeputy

Quaker thoughtoppreffive, it shall be lawful for such Quaker to Heutenants.

complain to the deputy lieutenants at their next meeting, who

are hereby empowered and required to hear and finally deter-

mine the fame.

XLVI. Provided always, That no man shall be deemed, No person to

taken, and accepted to be a Quaker within the meaning of this be deemed a

Quaker ,

act , unless he shall produce , before the deputy lieutenants atunieis he pro .

some of their subdivision meetings, a certificate under the hands duces acer-

of two or more reputable housekeepers being of the people called tificate of his

Quakers, acknowledging such man to be one of their persuasion, being of that

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That no man shall be persuasion.

No man to be

approved or inrolled to serve in the militia, under this act, either inrolled until

as a ballotted man, or as a substitute or volunteer , until he shallreported fit for

have been carefully examined by some surgeon of competent service by a

skill, and thall have been declared and reportedby such surgeon surgeon, who

shall have an

to be neither ruptured, lame, maimed, nor afflicted with any dif. allowance for

order that may render him unfit to serve, but to be in every his attend-

respect able and fit for service; and the deputy lieutenants ance.

assembled at their subdivision meetings, or any two deputy

lieutenants, shall in allcafes before they proceed to inrol any

man for the militia, cause such examination to be carefully made ;

and it shall be lawful for the said deputy lieutenants, and they

are hereby empowered and directed to require the attendance of

any surgeon of any regiment, battalion, or corps of the militia of

the county, stewartry, city, or place for which any man is to

be inrolled, or any surgeon belonging to his Majesty's other

forces, ifany such furgeonis within a reasonable distance, and can

conveniently be had, or otherwise to require the attendance of any

other competent surgeon for that purpose, and a reasonable allowance, not exceeding ten shillings, shall be made to the

surgeon performing such examination, for every day he shall actually

EEE4

792 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III . c. 91. [1802.

actually attend for that purpose, and shall be paid to him in like

manner as allowances are by this act directed to be made and

paid to subdivision clerks.

Twodeputy lieutenants XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever it shall

appear to any two or more deputy lieutenants assembled at any

maydifcharge subdivision meeting, that any person chosen by ballot to serve in

persons cho.

fen y ballot, the militia is not of the full height of five feet four inches, or is

who are unfit not approved upon examination, by a surgeon according to the

for service, directions of this act , such deputy lieutenants shall and are hereby

and cause others to be

empowered and required to discharge such person, and imme-

chosen . diately to amend the lift for the place for which such person shall

have been ballotted, and to cause another person tobe chosen in

his stead, by ballot, according to the directions of this act.

Deputy lieu-

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That the deputy lieutenants

tenants to

in their several subdivisions shall, as soon as they small have

class the men

inrolled, and

inrolled the number of men required in their subdivision, divide

make out a

the men so inrolled into as many classes of the description herein-

lift in the

after mentioned , as shall be found among such men; that is to

form in sche

say , in the first class they shall put all the men under thirty years

dule( E.), a

copyof which

of age, and having no child or children living ; and in the second

the clerk of

class, all the men above thirty years ofage, having no child or

the fubdi-

children living; and in the third class, all the men not having

vision shall

any child or children living under the age of fourteen years;

transmit to

the clerk to

and in the fourth class, all the men having any child or chil-

thegeneral meetings to

dren, one of whom only shall be under the age of fourteen

years ; and in the last class , all the men not included in anyof the

beentered in

former descriptions ; and shall forthwith make out a lift of such

abook.

classes, according to the form in the schedule to this act annexed ,

marked ( E) ; and within three days after the completing there-

of , the clerk of such subdivision meeting shall transmit to the

clerk to the general meetings an exact and true copy of such

list , made out in such form as aforesaid, to be by him entered

in abook to be kept for that purpose.

Menbecom--

L. And be it further enacted, That whenever any militia

ingunfitto

man, after having been sworn and inrolled , shall become unfit

serve maybe discharged;

for service , it shall be lawful for the colonel, or other com-

but ifdoneby

mandant of the regiment or battaliontowhich such militia man

the com-

shall belong, together with any two or more deputy lieutenants

mandant only ,

of the county, stewartry, city , or place to which such regiment

it must be

confirmedby

or battalion belongs, if the said regiment or battalion shall then

twodeputy lieutenants

be within the said county, stewartry, or place, or for the colonel

or other commandant only, if the said regiment or battalion

before others shall be absent therefrom, to discharge any militia man of his

for . are ballotted

regiment or battalion ; but another man shall not be ballotted

for in the room of such militia man so discharged, until such

discharge shall be confirmed under the hands of two or more

deputy lieutenants of the county, stewartry, city, or place to

which such regiment or battalion belongs, assembled at any

meeting in the subdivision for which such militia man was in-

rolled, or at any general meeting for the county , stewartry, city ,

orplace as aforesaid.

LI. And

i 1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III . C. 91. 793

1

LI. And be it further enacted, That when any private Vacancies by

militia man shall, before the expiration of the term for which he death, &c.

tobe filledup

was to serve, die, or be appointed a serjeant, corporal, or by a freth

1

drummer in the militia, or be discharged in manner aforesaid as ballot.

unfit for service, or in pursuance of the sentence of a court

martial, the colonel or commanding officer of the regiment ,

battalion, or corps to which such private man shall belong , shall

certify the vacancy occasioned by such death, appointment ,

or discharge (as the cafe may be) to the clerk to the general

!

meetings, who shall forthwith transmit the said certificate to the

deputy lieutenants of the subdivision for which such private man

thall have been inrolled, and such vacancy shall be filled up by a

fresh ballot for amilitia man to serve according to the provisions

of his act.

LII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any private No ballot to

militia man shall be appointed a non-commissioned officer or be for a pri-

drummer in any regiment or battalion of militia, in the room ofvate appoint.

edanon-

any non-commissioned officer or drummer reduced to the ranks, commissioned

no ballot shall take place in the parish or place for which such officer or

private man so appointed was then serving , inconsequence ofdrummer in

the room of

any vacancy occasioned by such appointment , until the non- one reduced

commissioned officer or drummer so reduced shall have obtained to the ranks.

hisdischarge.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That where in any re- Where a pri.

✓ giment or battalion of militia, in which any private man shall vate shall be

be appointed a serjeant, corporal, or drummer, in consequence appointed a

non -commif-

- of any vacancy occasioned by the death or discharge of any fioned officer

non- commissioned officer or drummer, the parish or place for or drummer

which such private militia man was then serving shall find inconse-

and provide another man in his stead, who shall be ballotted for quence of a

in the manner directed by this act, unless a volunteer shall vacancy,

be found by such parish or place. beballotted

another shall

LIV. And be it further enacted, That whenever any cer- for , unless the

shall

tificate , signed by the colonel or other commandant of any place halun-

regiment or battalion of militia, shall be transmitted to the teer.

deputy lieutenants of the subdivision for which any private

militia man shall have been inrolled , of any such private mi-Deputy lieu-

tenants, on

litia man having died , or been appointed a serjeant, corporal, certificate of

or drummer in the militia, or been discharged as being unfit death ,pro-

for service in manner aforesaid, or in pursuance of the sentence motion, &c.

shall caute va

ofa court martial, such deputy lieutenants shall and are hereby cancies to be

required to cause such vacancyto be filled up byballot imme- filled up by

diately after the receipt of such certificate , except in such cafes ballot.

as are in this act excepted.

LV. And be it further enacted, That any two or moreAt subdivi-

of the deputy lieutenants, at their several subdivision meetings, fion meeting

men thail be

shall and they are hereby required to ballot for militia menballotted for

in the room of all militia men actually serving, whose terms in room of

of service will expire before the twentieth day of November those whose

then next ensuing the holding of such subdivision meetings, and terms of

service will

shall at a following meeting to be holden as soon as conveniently expire before

may Nov, 20, next

794Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 91. [ 1802.

ensuing , and may be, proceed to inrol the said ballotted men or their fub-

such menmayftitutes as aforesaid; and the commanding officer of any re-

bedischarged ,

and the others gument or battalion is hereby empowered, from time to time ,

received.

to discharge any man of his regiment, battalion, or corps, whose

time offervice will expire before the twentieth day of November

then next ensuing, and to receive any other militia manin his

room, who shall have taken the oath and been inrolled according

to the directions of this act; and every such man fo dif-

charged, if serving for himself , shall be entitled to the same

immunity from further service as if he had served his full

term; and if any such man so discharged was serving as a fub-

ftitute, then the person for whom he served shall be entitled to

the like immunity as aforesaid.

The inrol-

LVI. And be it further enacted , That if any servantwhatever ,

ment offer-

hired by the year or otherwise, shall be inrolled as a militia man

vants shall not

by virtue of this act, such inrolment shall not vacate or rescind

vacate their

contracts

the contract or alter the engagement between such servant and

with their

his master or mistress, or employer or employers, unless the militia

masters, unless

of the county, stewartry, city , or place for which such servant

themilitia

shall be em-

shall be inrolied, shall be embodied or called out by his Majesty,

hodied , &c.

or ordered fo to be in pursuance of this act, or unless such person

and if any fo inrolled thall leave the service of his master, mistress, or em-

dispute shall ployer or employers, for the purposeof being trained and exercised ,

arise touching for the space of twenty- one days, in pursuance of this act, and

wages under

zol.twojuf- shall not return again to the same service at the endoffuch twenty-

ticesmayfcttle one days, or as soon after as reasonably may be, allowing to his

it , and may master, mistress, or employer or employers, an abatement from

grant warrant his wages in proportion to the duration of his absence from his

forlevying the said service, to be settledby any two or more justices of the peace

moneyby

distrefs , ifnot in the manner herein -after mentioned; and inevery such cafe ,

paid .

where any dispute shall arise between such servant and his master

or mistress, or employer or employers, touching anyfum or fums

of money due to such servant for or on account of his serviceper-

formed before the time of his departure from service , under the

conditions of the said inrolment, or by being called out to join

themilitia in which he shall have been fo inrolled , or touching

any abatement to be made by such servant by reason of his

absence, for the purpose ofbeing trained and exercised, it shall and

may be lawful, on complaint made thereof to any two or more

justices of the peace for the county, stewartry, city, or place, where

such master or mistress , or employer or employers shall inhabit ,

for such juslices to hear and determine every such complaint, and

to examine upon oath every such servant, or any other witness or

witnesses, touching the fame, and to make such order for the

payment offo much wages to such servant in proportion to the

service he has performed, or such abatement from his wages in

proportion to the duration of his absence from his service, as the

cafe may require , and as to such justice shall seem just and reason-

able, provided the som in question do not exceed the sum oftwenty

pounds; and in case of refusal or non-payment of any fams soor-

dered to be paid by the space of twenty-one days next after such

deter

= 1802. ] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. QI . 795

determination, such justice may and shall issue forth his warrant

to levy the same by distress and sale of the goods and effects of

such master or mistress, or employer or employers, rendering the

overplus to the owner or owners, after payment of the charges

of such distress and sale .

LVII. And be it further enacted, That every person who Substitutes or

shall receive money from any other person to serve as his fub- volunteers,

whodo not

stitute in the militia , or from any person or persons to serve as a appear to be

volunteer as aforesaid , and shall neglect to appear at the usual sworn in, shall

meeting appointed for swearing in the militia men , or before return the

some one

deputy lieutenant , in order to be sworn according bounty , and

be liable to

to the directions of this act , being convicted thereof before penalty.

any deputy lieutenant oi justice of the peace , shall be obliged

to return the money to the person or persons from whom

he received it , and shall forfeit and pay to such person or persons

any fum not exceeding forty shillings nor less than twenty..

shillings, at the discretion of the deputy lieutenant or justice of

the peace before whom he shall be so convicted ; and if such

offender shall not immediately return the money fo byhim re-

ceived as aforesaid, and likewise pay the said penalty, he shall be

committed to the common gaol or house of correction for four-

teen days, or until the said sum shall be returned .

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any person chosen Two deputy

by ballot to serve in the militia, shall have engaged any other lieutenants

person to serve as his substitute, or if any person or persons shall or a justice

have engaged any person to serve as a volunteer as aforesaid, and may order the

money agreed

the person so chosen by ballot, or such person or persons engaging to be given a

a volunteer shall have agreed to pay to the person so engaged a a substitute orvolunteer,

certain fum for such service , it shall be lawful for two deputy tobe paid him

lieutenants or any one justice of the peace, when the militia on enrolment

of the county, stewartry, city, or place, for which such sub- where the

ffitute or volunteer shall be inrolled shall not be embodied, and militia is not

they and he are and is hereby required, after such substitute or where it is

embodied, and

volunteer has been examined by a surgeon, and approved according one half , and

to the directions of this act, and inrolled by the deputy lieutenants the other to

in pursuance thereof, to order such fum of money as shall appear to the clerk of

the fubdi-

them or him to be due to the substitute or volunteer so engaged , vision to be

to be immediately paid to him on such inrolment, by the person remitted to

orpersons by orfor whomhe shall be engaged to serve as aforesaid; the paymaster

and in every cate where the militia shall be embodied at the time to be paid

of such inrolment, it shall be lawful for the said deputy lieu - the man on his

joining and

tenants or justice to direct any fum not exceeding one half part being ap-

of the said tum of money fo engaged to be given as aforesaid, to proved; and

be paid to him forthwith, or to be advanced to such person , or if he shall not

join or beap.

to such of his family, and in such proportions, as he shall request proved the

at the time of such his inrolment, and the remaining part money shall

thereof to be paid to and received by the clerk of the subdivision

meeting, who thall thereupon forthwith remit the same to the

bepaidto

paymaster or battalion clerk of the regiment, or battalion, of

militia , to which such substitute or volunteer shall be fent as

theperson on provided in

hisroom.

amilitia

1

796 Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. C. 91. [1802.

a militia man , to be retained by him until such substitute or

volunteer shall have joined such regiment, or battalion, and

been approved at head quarters as fit to serve, and then to be paid

or accounted for to such substitute or volunteer; and ifhe shall

not join or be approved of , then such money shall remain in the

hands of such paymaster , to be afterwards applied in like manner

to the payment of some other substitute or volunteer, in lieu of

The payment the one for whom such money shall have been remitted as

of such money aforesaid; and such deputy lieutenants or justice shall proceed

maybe en-

forced as re-

therein for enforcing the payment of every such sum of money, in

coveryof

such and the like manner in every respect, and by all such and

wages in

the like powers and authorities, as is and are directed by and

Scotland, and

contained in all or any statutes or statute made for the recovery

clerk neglect

ing to remit

of wages in Scotland, and if any such subdivision clerk shall

the money shall forfeit

omit or neglect to remit such money within one week after

the same shall have been paid to him as aforesaid, such clerk

201.

shall forfeit and pay, for every such offence, the sum of twenty

Enlistment of

pounds. LIX. And be it further enacted, That in cafe any officer,

a militia man

into the other forces

serjeant, or other person, shall at any time wilfully and know-

ingly enlist anyman to serve in his Majesty's other forces, who

shall be void,

at the time of such enlisting shall be inrolled or engaged to

and any man

fo offering

serve in the militia, every such enlisting shall be deemed null

to inlist, de.

and void; and in case any militia man, at the time of offering

nying that he

to enlist as aforesaid, shall deny to the officer, serjeant, or other

is serving in

person recruiting for men to enlist and serve in his Majesty's

the militia, or

offering to

other forces, that he is ( at the time of his offering to enlist)

serve inany

a militia man then actually inrolled and engaged to serve ( which

other regi-

the said officer, serjeant, or other person is hereby required to

ment of mi-

afk every man offering to enlist in his Majesty's other forces),

litia, shall be imprisoned not exceeding

or shall offer himself to be inrolled and serve in any other regiment or battalion of militia, every militia man so offending shall

six months, on conviction thereof upon the oath of one witness, before any

and his term onejustice of the peace, be committed to the common gaol or

offervice thall house of correction, there to remain without bail or mainprize

recommence

fromhis com- for and during any time not exceeding six months, and his term

mitment, and of service shall recommence from the date of such commitment,

!

whenendedhe over and above the penalty or punishment to which such person

shall belong to fo offending , is or shall be otherwise liable; and every person

the corps into which he fo offending, from the day on which his engagement to serve in

inlisted.

the militia thall end, and not sooner, shall be belong as a soldier to

Persons so en-the corps of his Majesty's other forces into which he shall have

lifting militia been so enlisted; and if any officer or other person shall enlist any

men thall for- man belonging to the militia to serve in his Majesty's other for-

feit 201 . ces, knowing him to belong to the militia, or without asking .

Soldiers offer-

him if he belongs to the militia, every such officer, serjeant, or

ing to serve as other person, shall for every such offence forfeit and pay the sum

suostitutes to of twenty pounds ; and if any person actually serving in any of

forfeit rol . his Majesty's other forces shall offer himself to serve, and be in-

orbe impri- rolled as asubstitute in the militia, every person so offending

foned not ex- shall forfeit and pay to the person informing of such offence the fum

1

1082.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 91. 797

fum of ten pounds, or be committed to the common gaol orceeding three

house of correction for any time not exceeding three months. months.

LX. And be it further enacted , That if any persons shall persons order-

give orders to any serjeant, drummer, or other person serving ining serjeants ,

the militia, to beat up in any city , town, or place for volunteers &c. of the

to serve in the militia, the person who shall give such orders militia to beat

up for volun-

shall, upon proof thereof , and upon such beating up as aforesaid, tears thallfor-

upon oath before any justice of the peace, forfeit and pay thefeit 20l .

sum of twenty pounds, one moiety whereof shall be applied to and tush fer-

the use of the person who shall make information thereof beforejeans , &c. re-

fusing to de-

anyjustice of the peace; and if such serjeant , drummer, or other clare who

person shall refuse to declare upon oath before such justicegave the or-

from whom he received such orders, it shail lawful for such juf - der, shall be

tice, and heis hereby required bywarrantunder his hand and seal, imprisoned not exceeding

to commit such serjant, drummer, or other person to the house three months.

of correction for any time not exceeding three months.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That the money arising byPenalties for

penalties incurred for refusing to serve in the militia , or to find refusing to

serve or to

substitutes to serve in their room, shall be applied by any two or find fubfti-

more deputy lieutenants within their respective subdivisionstutes , fall be

in providing substitutes for the persons who have paid such pe- applied in pro-

nalties, which substitutes shall be examined , approved, ( worn in, and any

viding them;

and inrolled, to serve for the fame term , in the same manner, surplus shall

and on the fame conditions, as is herein-before provided inbe a part of

the case of fubstitutes provided by persons chosen by ballot; and the regimen-

if any surplus shall remain, the same shall be paid to the colonels tal stock.

or other commandants of the respective regiments or battalions

in which such persons ought to have served as militia men, and

be applied as part of the regimental stock ; and a return of the Areturn of

amount of such penalties with the names of

penalties, and

persons paying persons pay-

the fame, shall be transmitted by the clerk of the subdivision ing them,

meetings to the clerk of the general meetings, and where two to be tranf-

or more counties, stewartries, cities , or places, are joined to- mittedby the

clerk of the

gether to form a regiment or battalion, a copy of every such subdivifions to

return shall be transmitted by the clerk of the general meetings the clerk of the

of such county, stewartry, city, or place, or counties, stewartries, general mect-

cities, or places, to the clerk of the general meeting of theings, &c .

county, stewartry, city, or place ,furnishing the greatest number

of mento such regiment or battalion; and the return of the

account of such penalties, with the names of persons paying the

same, shall be transmitted by the clerks of the subdivision

meetings to the clerks of the general meetings, and where two

or more counties stewartries , cities , or places , are joined together

to form a regiment or battalion, such return shall be fent by the

clerk or clerks of the general meetings of the other county,

stewartry, city, or place, or counties, stewartries, cities, or

places, to the clerk of the general meeting of the county or

stewartry, furnishing the greatest number of men to such re-

giment or battalion .

LXII. And be it further enacted , That in all cases in Lieutenants,

the execution of this act , when any matter or thing is directeddeputies, and

to be enquired of or examined into , upon the oath of anyjustices, au-

witness t to

798 Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. C.91. [1802.

administer

paths.

witness or witnesses, before any lieutenant of any county, stew.

artry , or city, or any deputy lieutenant or lieutenants, orjustice

orjustices of the peace; any such lieutenant, deputy lieutenant or

lieutenants, orjustice orjustices of the peace, is or are hereby authorised to administer such oath, to any witness or witnesses, and that

all other oaths to be taken in pursuance of this act, shall and may

be respectively administered by any lieutenant or deputy lieu-

tenant.

Howthe mili-

tia shall be

divided and

classed.

LXIII . And be it further enacted , That the militia of the

several counties, stewartries , cities, and places aforesaid, small be

divided into fifteen different regiments or battalions, consisting

of companies not more than one hundred men, nor less than

sixty men each; and that for the formation of the said regiments

or battalions, the said counties, stewartries, cities, and places

shall compose regiments or battalions, and be classed as follows ;

( videlicet) The county of Aberdeen shall of itself form one batta-

lion; and the counties of Ayr , Fife , Lanark , Perth, and Renfrew,

shall in like manner of themselves form each a battalion: and

the following counties, stewartries, cities, and places, thall be

joined together to form battalions ; (videlicet)

The counties ofArgyle and Bute ;

The counties of Berwick, Haddington, Linlithgow and Peebles ;

The counties of Caithness, Sutherland , Ross, and Cromarty ;

The counties of Dumfries, Roxburgh, and Selkirk ;

The county of Edinburgh, and the city of Edinburgh

The counties of Forfar and Kincardine ;

The counties of Inverness, Banff , Elgin, and Nairne ;

The stewartry of Kirkcudbright and county of Wigton ; and

The counties of Stirling, Dunbarton, Clackmannan, and Kinross .

Establish-

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That to each company of

ments of the such regiments or battalions of militia as aforesaid, there shall

militia.

be one captain, one lieutenant , and one ensign ; and that the

field officers of such regiments or battalions shall be as follows ;

( that is to say), in everyregiment or battalion consisting ofnot

less than four hundred and twenty private men, there thall be

one colonel, one lieutenant-colonel, and one major; and in every

regiment or battalion consisting of less than four hundred and

twenty private men, there shall be one lieutenant- colonel, and

one major : provided always, that no colonel or field officer in

the militia shall be a captain of a company, except in the cafe

herein-after mentioned: provided also , that where a regiment

or battalion shall consist ofless than four hundred and twenty

private men, but not less than two hundred and fifty private

men, three persons qualified according to this act may be

appointed to hold the rank of colonel, lieutenant- colonel, and

major, in such regiment or battalion respectively, but with no

higher pay than if the persons so appointed to hold the rank of

colonel, lieutenant colonel, and major, were appointed to hold

only the rank of lieutenant colonel, major, and captain respectively , and which three persons who maybe so appointed to

hold the rank of colonel, lieutenant-colonel, and major respectively ,

1802.] Annoregni quadragesimo fecundoGEORGII III. c. 9t. 799

tively , shall be severally appointed in the manner herein- after

provided in the case ofother colonels, lieutenant-colonels, and

majors of the militia: provided also , that every regiment or

battalion consisting of five companies, but less than eight

companies , may have one company of grenadiers or light

infantry, to which two lieutenants shall be appointed instead

of one lieutenant and one ensign; and that every regiment or

battalion consisting of eight companies or upwards, may have

one company ofgrenadiers and one company of light , infantry,

to each of which companies two lieutenants shall be appointed

instead of one lieutenant and one ensign : provided also, that

to every company consisting of ninety private men and upwards ,

there may be two licutenants and one ensign, or three lieu-

tenants, as the cafe may be.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That the different officers How the field

commanding the said several battalions shall be appointed as officers shall

follows : Where three or more counties, stewartries, cities, or

be appointed .

places, are joined together to form a battalion, the colonel shall

be appointed by the lieutenant of the county, stewartry, city,

or place, furnishing the greatest number of private men; the

lieutenant colonel shall be appointed by the lieutenant of the

county, stewartry, city or place , furnishing the next greatest

number ; and the major shall be appointed by the lieutenant

of the county, stewartry, city, or place, furnishing the third

greatest number: and where two counties, stewartries, cities,

or places only are joined together to form a battalion, then

and in such case the colonel and major thall be appointed by

the lieutenant of the county, stewartry, city, or place, furnishing the

greatest number ; and the lieutenant colonel thall be appointed

by the lieutenant of the county, stewartry, city, or place, fur-

nishing the smallest number ; and where one county, stewartry,

city, or place of itself , forms one battalion, then the colonel ,

lieutenant colonel, and major, shall be appointed by the lieu-

Whereacoun

ty, &c. does

tenant of the county, stewartry, city, or place, forming such not furnish

battalion.

sufficient men

LXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where any foracompany ,

county, stewartry, city , or place, does not furnish men sufficient the lieutenant

shall not ap-

to form a company, the lieutenant of tuch county, stewartry city, point anyof the

orplace , shall not appoint any of the field officers. field officers .

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That the captains and Howthe cap-

subalterns of companies shall be appointed as follows: Where tains and fub-

the men furnishedby any county, stewartry, city, or place, shall alterns thall be

not be sufficient for a company, the licutenant of the county, appointed .

stewartry, city, or place, furnishing the greatest tractional part

of a company, shall appoint the captain; the lieutenant of the

county, stewartry, city, or place, furnishing the next greatest

fractional part of a company, shall appoint the lieutenant ; and

the lieutenant of the county , stewartry, city , or place, furnishing

the next greatest fractional part of a company, shall appoint

the ensign; and where the men furnished by two counties only

from one company, or the fractional part of a company, the

lieutenant of the county, stewartry, city, or place, furnishing the

largest

800 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 91. [1802.

largest fractional part of such company, shall appoint the captain ;

and the lieutenant of the other county, stewartry, city, or place

shall appoint the lieutenant and ensign : and where any county,

stewartry, city, or place, shali furnish men sufficient for one or

more complete company or companies, the captains, lieutenants,

and ensigns of such company or companies shall be appointed

by the lieutenant of such county, stewartry, city , or place; and

any fractional part of a companywhich mayremain furnished by

such county, stewartry, city, or place, shall become subject to

the rules above prescribed, where the men furnished by two or

more counties, stewartries, cities, or places, are requisite to

complete a company.

His Majesty may direct a supernume-

LXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That ifhis Majesty

shall at any time direct that any proportion of the said militia shall

be trained and exercised to the service of any artillery that maybe

raryofficer

or officers to

attached to anyregiment or battalion of militia , it shall be lawful for

be appointed his Majesty to direct that a supernumeraryofficer or officers of the

tomen trained said regiment or battalion of such rank as his Majesty shallorder ,

to the service and being duly qualified as aforesaid, shall be appointed to and

of artillery.

for the said men so directed to be trained and exercised as

aforesaid.

Officers ac-

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That every officer of any

cepting com- militia regiment or battalion, who may have accepted or shall

missions of the

fame rank in accept a commission or appointment of the same rank in any

other regi-

other militia regiment or battalion, and shall thereby vacate

ments to rankhis former commission, shall continue to rank in the general

according to service according to the date of his commission or appointment

datesofvacated

commissions. of the fame rank in the militia so vacated as aforesaid .

Where com- LXX. And be it further enacted, That when any colonel or

mandant thall other commandant of any regiment or battalion of militia shall

be absentfrom be absent from Great Britain , and until he shall return to Great

Great Britain , Britain, and hall have notified his arrival to the clerk of the

his Majesty may direct the general meeting of the district to which such regiment or batta-

officer next in lion shall belong, and to the commanding officer and adjutant

command to thereof , it shall be lawful for his Majesty, by warrant under his

act for him, who shall be

sign manual, to direct and order that the officer next in command

vested with

who thall be residing in Great Britain, shall in all cases act and

the fame

serve as the commandant of such regiment or battalion ; and all

powers till

powers and authorities which might have been exercised by such

the com-

colonel or other commandant so absent as aforesaid, while

mandant shall

return and

resident in Great Britain, shall be vested in and exercited by the

notifyhis arrival,

officer next in command in such regiment or battalion, who shall

be resident in Great Britain; and from and after issuing the said

warrant as aforesaid, all matters and things which ought to be

transacted and done by any other person or persons with such

colonel or other commandant, whilst resident in Great Britain ,

shall be transacted and done during the time aforesaid with such

officer so next in command as aforesaid , who shall be residing in

Great Britain , and all money directed to be issued or paid to or

to the order of such colonel or other commandant for the use of

such regiment or battalion, shall be issued and paid to or to the order

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 91. 801

: order of such officer next in command as aforesaid ; and all acts ,

matters, and things, done by and with such officer so next in

1

command as aforesaid , during the time aforesaid, which are or

shall be authorised or required to be done by or with such colonel

or other commandant when in Great Britain , shall be good and

valid as if done by or with such colonel or other commandant ;

and during the absence from Great Britain of the colonel or other

commandant of such regiment or battalion, and until he shall

return to Great Britain, and notify his arrival as aforesaid, the

officer next in command in such regiment or battalion, who shall

be residing in Great Britain, shall appoint the reg mental or batta-

lion clerk and agent to such regiment or battalion, in the fame

manner as such colonel or other commandant might have done,

and shall take security from such agent, and shall be and is

hereby made subject and liable to make good all deficiencies

that may happen from the said agent, or from himself , upon

account of the pay , cloathing, or publick stock of such regiment

or battalion : provided always, that such officer so next in The officer

command as aforesaid, who shall assume the powers so given next in com.

to him as aforesaid in consequence of the absence from Great mand shall,

Britain of his colonel or other commandant, shall, within seven days after

within seven

days after he shall assume any such powers, notify the absence assuming the

from Great Britain of such colonel or other commandant to the cominand,

lieutenant of the county , stewartry, city, or place , and also when notify the

absence of

the regiment or battalion shall be in actual service, to the secre. the com-

tary at war : provided also , that if any such colonel or other mandant to

commandant as aforesaid shall have given any orders for the county

cloathing or other necessaries, or for accoutrements, which lieutenant,

and when in

ought to be provided in due course, or in pursuance of any order actual service

by proper authority at the time when such order shall be given, to the secre-

for the use of his regiment or battalion, and ifbefore such orders tary at war.

shall be completed, or after the same shall be completed and Orders given

before the money shall be issued for the fame, such colonel or bythe com-

other commandant shall leave Great Britain, the orders fo given mandant for cloathing or

by such colonel or other commandant shall nevertheless be com- accoutre-

pleted , and the money to be issued in respect thereof shall be ments shall

paid to the order of such colonel or other commandant, not be completed,

withstanding his absence from Great Britain as aforesaid ; and and the mo-

ney paid to

in like manner if any officer so next in command as aforesaid his order ,

shall, in consequence of the absence from Great Britain of his thoughhemay

colonel or other commandant, and under the authorities given leave Great

to him as aforesaid, give any orders for cloathing or other necef . Britain;

as shall the

faries, or for accoutrements, which ought to be provided in due orders given

course, or in pursuance of any order by proper authority at the by the officer

time when such orders shall be given, for the use of his regiment next in com-

or battalion, and before such orders shall be completed, or after mand during

the absencethe same shall be completed and before the money which ought of the com-

to be issued shall be issued for the fame, the colonel or other mandant,

commandant shall return to Great Britain, and notify his arrival though he

as aforesaid, the orders so given by such officer so next in com- may return,

mand as aforesaid shall be completed , and the money to be

VOL. XLIII . FFF issued

802 Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. C. 91. [ 1802.

issued in respect thereof shall be paid to the order of such officer,

notwithstanding the return of such colonel or other commandant as aforesaid.

His Majesty

4 LXXI. And be it further enacted, That his Majesty may and

to appoint adjutants from the

shall appoint one proper person, who shall have served in some

of his Majesty's other forces, or in the militia of England or of

Scotland , while embodied, for the term of five years at the least,

army or militia , who

to be an adjutant to each regiment or battalion of militia ; and

shall preserve their rank in

such adjutant, ifappointed out of his Majesty's other forces, shall,

the army ,

during his service in the militia, preserve his rank in the army in

and maybe appointed to

the same manner as if he had continued in that service ; and it

shall be lawful for the lieutenant of any county, stewartry, city,

the rank of

or place , on the recommendation of the colonel or other com-

captainafter

five years service ,

mandant of any regiment or battalion of militia, to appoint the

adjutant of such regiment or battalion to serve with the rank of

though not

captain, provided such adjutant shall have served five years in the

qualified; but militia while embodied, or in his Majesty's other forces, al-

noadjutant

so appointed though such adjutant may not have the qualification required

tothat rank by this act for captains : provided always, that no such appoint-

shallcommandment to the rank of captain shall be valid; unless in the instru-

anycaptain of ment granting the fame it be specified in what regiment or

acompany , or battalion of the militia , while embodied , or of his Majesty's

be entitled to

greaterpay other forces, such adjutant hath served, and what was or were

thanadju .

the date or dates of his commission or commissions : provided

tant.

also , that no adjutant so appointed to serve with the rank ofcap-

tain shall , by virtue of the date of such appointment as aforesaid,

orotherwise, be entitled to rank above or to command any captain

of a company in the militia: provided also, that no such adjutant

shall , by reason of any such appointment as aforesaid, be entitled

to receive any greater or other pay than that of adjutant.

Thelieutenant

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful

authorised to for the lieutenant of the county, stewartry , city, or place, who is

namethe colo- authorised by this act , to name the colonel of any regiment of

nel, may,

with theap- battalion of militia, with the approbation of his Majesty , to

probation of appoint one fit and proper person, who shall have passed in

his Majesty examination at surgeon's hall, in London, or before the college

appoint a fur- of surgeons in Edinburgh, and received his certificate accordingly,

geon , who shall,

when the to be surgeon of such regiment , or battalion, and every such ap-

regimentis pointment shall recite the certificate of the person so appointed ,

disembodied, and an attested copy thereof shall be transmitted to and deposited

receive an with the clerk of the general meetings; and every such surgeon

allowance for

his attendance shall, while the militia to which he shall belong are disembodied,

during the ex. receive ten shillings per day for every day of his attendance during

ercifeof the anyexercise of such militia under this act, and the fame for every

militia, and at daythat he shall attend the inrolmentsat the subdivision meetings;

enrolments, and bepaid

such last mentioned attendances being certified by any deputylieu-

for medicines, tenant or lieutenants of such subdivision meeting to the collector of

&c.

the county, stewartry, city, or place , the lieutenant of which has

appointed such surgeon in manner aforesaid ; and in addition

thereto, every such surgeon shall also receive his actual and

reasonable expences for medicines and necessaries for the sick,

during

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. с. 91. 803

during the time of any exercise of such militia, in pursuance

of this act, and for his attendance, medicines, and necessaries

for the sick serjeants, corporals , and drummers, when actually

resident at the head quarters of the regiment, or battalion,

as herein-after directed, which shall be repaid him by the

said collector, on an account flated by such surgeon, and certified by the commanding officer and adjutant of the regiment surgeon,

or battalion to which he shall belong ; and every such surgeon when the regi

fo appointed as aforesaid thall, during the time of the militia to mint is embo-

which he shall belong being embodied, receive the pay and allow- diedto receive

ance of a surgeon of infantry in his Majesty's other forces, and the pay and

allowance of

be subject to the like rules, restrictions, and directions in every a surgeon of

respect , as far as the fame may be applicable; and no such surgeon infantry , but

shall be capable of holding any other commission in such militia, not to hold

orofreceiving any payin respect of any other commission in such any other

militia, during the time of his being such surgeon as aforesaid.

commission .

The colonel,

LXXIII. And be it further enacted , That it shall be lawful with the ap

for the colonel of each regiment or battalion, with the approba- probation of

tion of his Majesty, to appoint one fit and proper person, who his Majesty,

has served in his Majesty's other forces, or in the embodied may appoint a

militia, to be the quarter master of any such regiment or batta . personwho

served in

lion respectively ; and it shall be lawful for the lieutenant of the the army or

county, flewartry, city, or place, authorised by this act to appoint militia to be

the colonel of such regiment or battalion on the recommendation quartermaster,

of the colonel thereof , to appoint such quarter master to serve who may have

the of a

with the rank of lieutenant or ensign, although such quarter fubaltern,

master may not have the qualification required by this act for though not

lieutenants or ensigns respectively : provided always, that such qualified ; but

quarter master shall not be capable of holding any commission, or any other

thall not hold

receiving any pay in respect of any commission, in any company commission.

in the militia, during the time of his being such quarter master The colonel,

as aforesaid . whena regi.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the colonel or other mentis not in

commandant of every regiment or battalion of militia, when actual service,

such regiment or battalion is not in actual service, may appoint clerk , who

may appoint a

a regimental or battalion clerk, who shall execute the office of shall act as

paymaster. paymaster.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That no adjutant , fur- No adjutant ,

geon, regimental or battalion clerk, paymaster, or quarter master &c . to be ap.

in the militia, shall be capable of being appointed captain of atain of a

pointed cap-

company, nor thall any person holding the commission of cap- company, nor

tain of a company be capable of being appointed adjutant, any captain of

surgeon, regimental or battalion clerk, paymaster or quarter a company to

master of militia, be appointed

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That no officer who is

adjutant, &c.

Halfpay offi-

entitled to half pay shall be deemed or taken to forfeit or quit cers serving as

such half pay, during the time he shall serve as lieutenant, ensign, fubalterns, &c.

adjutant, regimental or battalion clerk, quarter master, or surgeon may receive

their half pay

in the militia, but that the same shall nevertheless continue ; and

on taking theinstead of the oath usually required of half pay officers to entitle following

FFF2 them

804 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 91. [1802.

them to the receipt of their half pay, every such officer so entitled

to halfpay and serving as aforesaid, shall take the following oath :

Oath.

' I A. B. do swear, That I had not , between the

any place or employment of

profit, civil or military, under his Majesty , besides my allow-

ance of half pay as a reduced

in lateregiment

of

fave and except my pay as lieutenant, [ensign,

adjutant, regimental or battalion clerk, quarter master, or surgeon,

as the cafemay be], for serving in the militia. '

And the taking of the said oath shall , without taking any other

oath , be sufficient to entitle such person to his half pay.

Thepropor- tions of non-

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That serjeants, cor-

commission

porals, and drummers, shall be appointed to the militia by the

officers and

colonels or other commandant of each regiment or battalion, in

drummers,

the following proportions ; (that is to say), when not in actual

and their pay. service there shall be one serjeant and one corporal to every thirty

private men, and when the militia shall be drawn out into actual

service, an addition shall be made, so that there shall be one

serjeant and one corporal to every twenty private men, and when

not in actual service, there shall be one drummer to every company, with an addition of one drummer for each flank company

of regiments or battalions, consisting of five or more companies

as aforesaid ; and when the militia shall be drawn out into actual

service, there shall be an addition of one drummer to every

company so drawn out, and the daily pay of every such serjeant ,

corporal, and drummer respectively, when not in actual service,

shall be as follows; (that is to say), of every serjeant, one shilling

and sixpence; of every corporal, one shilling and two-pence;

Non-commif- and of every drummer, one shilling; and such serjeants, cor-

sioned officers porals, and drummers, shall be new cloathed when not in actual

anddrummers service, once in two years ; and all serjeants, corporals, and

to take the

following

drummers, shall take the following oath ; (that is to say ),

Oath. IA. B. do sincerely promise and swear , That I will be

faithful allegiance to his majesty King

George , and that I will faithfully serve in the militia within Great

Britain , for the defence of the fame, until I shall be legally

discharged.'

Colonel may And the colonel or other commandant of every regiment or

appoint a fer- battalion may appoint a serjeant major , and the colonel or other

jeantmajor commandant of every regiment or battalion may also appoint

and drum ma-

jor , but no publican shall

a drum major; and that all serjeants, corporals, and drum-

mers, having received any pay as such from any regiment or

be a serjeant ,

battalion shall be deemed to be engaged and compellable to serve

corporal, or

drummer.

in such regimentorbattalion, until theyshall be legally discharged:

provided always, that no person who shallkeep any house ofpublick

entertainment, or who shall fell anyale or wine, or any brandyor

other spirituous liquors byretail, shall be capable of beingappointed ,

or of serving or receiving pay as a serjeant, corporal, ordrummer, in

F

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 91. 805

in the militia : provided always , that if it shall happen that in An additional

any regiment, or battalion, there shall be a surplus of fifteen corporal may

be appointed

private men, or upwards, after the appointment of one serjeant where there is

and one corporal to every thirty private men, such regiment, a surplus of

battalion, or corps, shall be entitled to have one additional corpo- 15 men above

ral, when not in actual service, for such surplus number of men, theproportion

of30mento

LXXVIII. And whereas by an act , passed in the forty- first year a serjeant and

of the reign of his present Majesty, it was enacted , that it should be corporal.

lawful for his Majesty to retain in actualfervice, and to cause fullpay

to be issued to the adjutants, serjeants major, and the whole orfuch 41 Geo. 3. C.

55, recited.

proportion of theferjeants and drummers of each regiment of the mili-

tia then embodied as his Majesty should think fit, for a certain time Serjeants ma-

therein mentioned ; be it enacted, That the serjeants major, and jor, serjeants ,

anddrummers

serjeants and drummers to be appointed by virtue of this act, to be appoint-

shall be taken in the first instance from amongst the serjeants edunderthis

major, serjeants and drummers so retained as aforesaid, who upon act, shall be

their appointment to each regiment or battalion to which they taken in the

firstinstance

shall belong , shall severally take the oaths prescribed to be taken from those re-

bysuch serjeants and drummers respectively.

tained under

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That any serjeant, recitedact,

corporal, or drummer, may be discharged by the colonel or other who shall take

the usual

commandant, and the said colonel or other commandant maypaths.

appoint any proper person in the room of every serjeant , corpo- Command-

ral, and drummer, who shall die, desert, or be discharged; all ants maydif

which serjeants, corporals, and drummers, so appointed, shall charge fer-

take the like oath as is herein-before required to be taken byjeants, &c.

serjeants, corporals, and drummers respectively. and appoint

others .

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That in cafe his Extra drum-

Majesty's lieutenant for any county , stewartry, city, or place, mers may be

or the colonel or commandant of any regiment or battalion kept as fifers

ofmilitia, shall be desirous of keeping up a greater number of or musicians,

drummers than is herein directed to be employed as fifers at the expence

or musicians for the use of any such regiment or battalion, ment.

of theregi-

and shall be willing to defray the expence of such additional

drummers, it shall and may be lawful for such lieutenant or

colonel, or other commandant, to retain in their respective

regiments or battalions , any number of the drummers employed or to be employed as fifers or musicians therein, over

and above the number established by this act, or at any time

hereafter to engage any additional number of drummers to act

as fifers or musicians in their respective regiments or battalions ;

and all such drummers so retained, or in future engaged to serve

in any such regiment or battalion as fifers or musicians, shall be

deemed as drummers ofmilitiawithin the meaning of his act, to all

intents and purposes whatsoever, and shall be subject to the fame

orders, regulations, penalties, and punishments, as other drummers

of militia are by this act subject , and shall continue to serve as

drummers so long as they shall receive the same pay and cloath-

ing as other drummers have, or better cloathing in lieu thereof ,

and no longer, FFF3 LXXXI. And

806 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 91. [1802,

Serjeants and LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That any person able

out pensioners and fit to serve, being aferjeant on the establishment of Chelfia

of Chelsea hof-

pital nay re- hospital, at the allowance of twelve-pence per day, or being an

ceive their

out pensioner on the establishment of the said hospital, at the

allowances

allowance of five- pence a day, and being appointed to serve as

therefrom, to- a serjeant in the militia, may and shall receive the said allowance

getherwith

payinthemili- of twelve-pence aday or five-peuce a dayrespectively , together

tia.. with his pay from the said militia; and any person who shall

Serjeants , &c. have faithfully served as a serjeant, corporal, or drummer, in the

having served militia for twenty years, and who shall be discharged on account

20 years in- of age or infirmity, shall, on the recommendation of the colonel

themilitia ,

may be placed or other commandant of the regiment, or battalion, to which

on the Chelsea he belongs, and the lieutenant , or two or more deputy lieu-

pension .

tenants of the county, stewartry, city, or place to which the said

regiment or battalion belongs, or (on the death or removal , or in

the absence of the said lieutenant) on the recommendation of the

colonel or other commandant, and three or more deputy lieute-

nants of such county, stewartry, city, or place, be entitled to exa-

mination at the Chelsea board, and be capable of being placed on

the establishment of the said hospital, at the pension offive-pence

per diem, if the said board should judge him deserving thereof .

Militia tobe

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That the said militia

exercised 21

to be raised as aforesaid shall be called out once in every year,

days annually for the purpose of being trained and exercised for the space of

if

whole be not twenty-one days ; andin every county, stewartry, city, or place, in

appointed to which it shall have been appointed , that the whole of such militia

beexercised at shall not be trained or exercised at the same time, then the respec-

the same time,

then as the tive parts thereofshall be trained and exercised successively , until

lieutenant or

the whole of the men serving for such county , stewartry, city , or

deputy lieu-

place, shall have been trained and exercised for the space of

tenants ,with

twenty- one days , and that for the purpose aforesaid, the men

approba- tion of his Majesty, shall

serving for such county, stewartry, city, or place, thall be called

out to be so trained and exercised in such manner andin such pro-

appoint.

portions, at such time or times, and place orplaces in such county

or stewartry, as thall be appointed, with the approbation of his

Majesty, by the lieutenant or deputy lieutenants , at a general

mecting of the lieutenancy to be holden as herein-before directed ;

or in default of anyfuch meeting being holden, then bythe lieu-

tenantof the county , stewartry, city, or place, composing of itself

a regiment or battalion of militia, or of the county, stewartry,

city , or place composing the greatest number of each regiment

or battalion, or bythree deputy lieutenants, authorised by his

Majesty to act as aforesaid: provided always, that it shall not

be lawful to order less than one company of sixty private men at

the least , with officers and serjeants, corporals, and drummers

in proportion, to be trained and exercised together: provided

always, that it shall be lawful for the lieutenant or deputy lieu-

nants of any county or stewartry, composing ofitself a regiment

or battalion of militia, or of the county, stewartry, or city, com-

posing the greatest number of each regiment or battalion, at any

general meeting of lieutenancy , to alter the places appointed for assembling

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 91. 807

assembling the men for exercise, and from time to time to appoint

other or additional places, as they shall find expedient, giving the

like notice thereof as is herein required to be given of the places

first to be appointed.

LXXXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted , That whenso- When any

ever any regiment or battalion to be raised under this act , regiment shall

have been dif-

shall have been disembodied as herein-after directed , it shall embodied, his

and may be lawful for his Majesty to order and direct that such Majesty may

regiment or battalion shall not be trained and exercised, in order itnot

manner as is hereinafter directed, for the space of twelve calendar to be trained

for12 months.

months, to be calculated from the day on which it shall have

been so disembodied, or for such number of months not exceeding twelve months, as his Majesty shall think fit.

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That during such time During the

as any militia shall be assembled for the purpose of being trained time of exer-

cife, the muti-

and exercised, all the clauses, provisions, matters, and things, con- ny act and ar-

tained in any act of parliament which shall then be in force for ticles of war

the punishing mutiny and desertion, and for the better payment shallextend

of the army and their quarters, and in the articles of war madeto such

in pursuance of such act , shall be in force with respect to such militia, but

notto life

militia, and to all the officers, non-commissioned officers, drum- or limb; and

mers, and private men, of the fame, in all cases whatsoever , but any officer

so that no punishment shall extend to life or limb; and that it commanding adetachment,

shall be lawful for the officer commanding and present with any not being un

detachment or division of militia, called out to exercise under any der the rank

of the provisions of his act, not being under the rank of captain, of a captain ,

to order, when he shall think it necessary , a regimental court may order

courts martial

martial to be held for the trial of any offence committed by any tobe held, and

serjeant, drummer, corporal, or private man under and during the command .

his command; and if a sufficient number of officers shall not be ant of the regi.

present to constitute such court martial, it shall be lawful for the ment , on ap-

commanding officer of the regiment or battalion of militia plication, shall

order a fuffi-

to which any such detachment or division of militia shall belong ,cient number

and he is hereby required, upon application made to him by the of officers to

officer commanding such detachment or division for that purpose , attend, but

to order a sufficient number of officers of proper rank to attend the sentence

thall be fub-

for the purpose of assisting at such court martial, who shall mitted to the

forthwith attend the fame, and assist as members thereof; and commandant.

the sentence of every such court martial shall in every case be

submitted to the colonel or other commandant of the regiment

or battalion to which such detachment or division shall be-

long , ( or in his absence from the county , stewartry, city, or place),

to the senior field officer within the fame, for his approval thereof ,

who shall cause such sentence to be put in execution, mitigated,

or remitted, as he shall in his discretion think best for the service.

LXXXV. And be it further enacted, That notice of the Regulations

times and places of exercise of the militia men to be raised by for fending notice of the

virtue of this act shall be fent as follows ; ( videlicet) where a times and

county of itself forms a battalion , the notice shall be sent byplace of ex-

order of the general meetings of lieutenancy of such county , by ercife.

the clerk of the general meetings, to the clerk of the several fub-

: FFF4 division

808 Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. C. 91. [1802.

division meetings in such county ; and where two or more coun-

ties, stewarties , cities, or places, compose a battalion, the notice

snall be sent by order of the general meetings of lieutenancy of

the county, stewartry, city, or place , composing the greatest

number of such regiment or battalion, not only to the clerk of

the several subdivision meetings in such county , hut also to the

clerk of the general meetings of the other county , stewartry, city,

or place, or counties, stewartries, cities, or places, composing such

battalion, who shall again send notice to the clerk of the several

subdivision meetings in such county, stewartry, city or place, or

Subdivision

counties, stewartries, cities, and places respectively; and the said

meetings,

deputy lieutenants, at some subdivision meeting to be held for

shall issue or-

ders for calling carrying this act into execution , after the receipt of the said

out the men .

notices, thall cause the men serving for such subdivision to be

called out in such order and course as thall have been notified by

the clerk of the general meetings as aforesaid, and for that purpose shall issue orders to the chief constables or other officers of

the several counties, stewartries, cities, and places, respectively ,

and to the schoolmasters, constables, and other officers within

their respective parishes or other divisions, which schoolmasters,

Notices tobe

constables, and other officers, shall cause such notice as aforesaid

affixed on the to be affixed on the door of the churches or chapels belonging to

church doors,

which shall be their respective parishes or places, or (if any place shall have no

sufficient. church or chapel belonging thereto) on the door of the church

or chapel of some parith or place thereunto adjoining, which no-

tice shall be deemed a sufficient notice to every person inrolled

by virtue of this act, notwithstanding any omission in the delivery

Constables to ofwritten notices in manner herein-after directed ; and such con-

givewritten notices to the stables and other officers are hereby required also to give notice

mentoattend. in writing to the several militia men who shall be called out to be

trained and exercised at such times and places respectively , by ferv-

ing them personally, or by leaving the fame at their usual place of

abode, to attend at the time and place mentioned in such order ;

and all such militia men shall duly attend at the time and place

of exercise according to such notices respectively.

Clerks offub-

division meet-

LXXXVI. And be it further enacted , That the clerks of the

ings to fend

several subdivision meetings in every county, stewartry, city, or

litts of the

place, shall, within the space often days after the receipt of such

men enrolled,

and the time

notices as aforesaid from the clerks of the general meetings, cause

andplaceof

a full and true lift , specifying the name and date of the inrolment

exercise, to

ofall the persons inrolled ( within each subdivision respectively ),

the command.

to serve in such militia, and the time and place of exercise to be

ing officer,

&c .

transmitted to the commanding officer of the regiment or batta-

lion of militia for which such persons have been inrolled by

virtue of this act, or to such person as shall be appointed by such

commanding officer to receive the fame, and shall in like manner

cause a duplicate of such lift to be transmitted to the adjutant of

the said regiment or battalion, and in every cafe where there

is no adjutant, to the major or captain commandant of such corps.

Pay ofmen

called out to

exercise to

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the pay of every

person inrolled to serve in the militia of any county, stewartry,

city ,

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 91. 809

}

| city , or place, when not embodied and called out into actual fer- commence on

vice, and who shall be called out for the purpose of being trained their joining,

but to such as

and exercised as aforesaid, shall commence upon the day on whichhave beenpre-

!

such person shall join the regiment or battalion, or detachment vented, the

or division, to which he shall belong , and not before : provided commanding

always, that if such person shall have been preventedjoining such officer may

direct an al-

regiment or battalion, or detachment or division, by sickness lowance to be

or other sufficient cause, and shall produce to the commanding made, on a

officer thereof a satisfactory certificate of such sickness or other satisfactory

sufficient cause, it shall be lawful for the commanding officer ofcertificate .

such regiment or battalion, or detachment or division, and he

is hereby required to direct an allowance of pay to be made to

the person so prevented, according to the time mentioned in

such certificate as aforesaid.

LXXXVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, ThatMen coming

everyman of the said militia, coming from a considerable distance , from adif-

tance to the

who shall appear at the place or places to be appointed for ex- placeof exer-

ercise, shall be entitled to an allowance, after the rate of one cife thallre-

Chilling per diem for each day necessarily spent in coming from ceive certain

the parish or place for which he shall serve to the place or places allowances, on

tobe appointed for exercise; and shall in like manner be entitled certificate

from two de-

to a similar allowance of one shilling per diem for each day ne - puty lieute-

cessary to enable him to return to the parish or place for which nants, which

he shall serve, after the days appointed for exercise are over, to shall be repaid

be calculated at not less than ten miles per day, with the usual to the clerk of

the subdivi-

number of halting days , and where such militia man has occasion, by the

fion to come and return by fea, or to pass a ferry or ferries, he collector of

shall farther be allowed the fum usually paid for such passagethe land tax.

by fea, or at such ferry or ferries in coming from and returning

to the parish or place for which he shall serve ; for which purpose

a certificate shall be given to every such militia man of the num-

ber of days, and of the amount of the passage money, for which

such allowance shall be made to him, under the hands of two or

more of the deputy lieutenants of the parish or division to which

such militia belongs, which certificate shall be produced by such

militia man to the clerk of the subdivision meetings, in whose

district the said militia man hath his abode, who shall thereupon

pay to such militia man the allowance specified in such certificate ;

and upon such certificate being produced to the collector of the

land tax of the county, stewartry, city, or place to which such

militia man belongs, the said collector shall reimburse the clerk

of the subdivision meeting, who has paid the same, for the

amount of the allowances specified in such certificate, and all

such sums so paid by such collector shall be allowed in his

accounts .

LXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That in cafe any

Militiamen

militia man shall, on his march to the place where he shall be or falling sick on

the march

dered to attend for the annual exercise, be disabled by sickness or may be re-

otherwise, it shall be lawful for any onejustice of the peace of thelieved by war-

county, stewartry , city, or place, where such man shall then be, rantofajuf-

by warrant under his hand, to order him such relief as suchtice, and the

expence shall

justice shall think reasonable ; and upon such warrant beingbe reimburs-

produceded by the

810 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 91. [1802.

collector of

the land tax. produced to the collector of the land tax of the county, stewartry, city, or place within which such militia manshall then be,

he shall pay all such expences as shall be incurred pursuant to

such warrant, upon an account thereof to be certified under the

hand of such justice of the peace , and all such fums so paid by

any such collector shall be allowed in his accounts .

Justices, &c.

XC. And be it further enacted , That it shall be lawful for all

may billet the justices of the peace and magistrates of cities, towns, and places,

militia when

called out to

and they and each of them are and is respectively hereby required ,

annual exer-

to quarter and billet the officers, non-commissioned officers,

cife , and when drummers, and private men serving in the militia at the times

notcalled out ,when they thall be called out to annual exercise , in the fame

mayorder

quarters for

way and manner as his Majesty's regular forces are so furnished

thenon-com-

and provided in that part of Great Britain called Scotland , upon

mission offi

application made to any such justices of the peace or magistrates

cers and

drummers.

by his Majesty's lieutenant, or by the colonel or other commanding officer of the regiment or battalion of militia fo called

out to exercise as aforesaid, or of any division or detachment

thereof ; and when the militia is not embodied , nor called out to

1

exercise as aforesaid , all justices of the peace and magistrates

aforesaid may, and they and each of them are and is hereby respectively required, to order and provide convenient quarters in

suchmanner as aforesaid for the terjeants, corporals, and drum-

mers of the militia.

Jutices may

aid inprovid- XCI. And be it further enacted , That when the militia shall

ing carriages be called out to be trained and exercised , anyjustice of the peace

andhories for of any county, stewartry, city, or place , being thereunto required

conveying the by an order from the lieutenant, or from anydeputy lieutenant

arms, &c. of

the militia on

of such county, stewartry, city , or place, or from the colonel or

its march, as

other commanding officer of any regiment or battalion , de-

for his Ma-

tachment or division ofmilitia, being within such county, stew

jetty's forces .

artry , city , or place , may and shall be aiding and assisting in the

providing of carriages and horses to convey the arms, clothes,

accoutrements, ammunition , and other stores of such militia, and

shall do every thing necessary inthat behalf , in the famemanner

as justices of the peace in Scotlanddo for the purpose of providing

carriages and horses to conveythe arms, clothes, accoutrements,

ammunition, and other stores of his Majesty's forces upon

theirmarch.

Militia men,

whencalled

XCII. And be it further enacted, That when any regi-

out to exer-

ment or battalion of militia , or any detachment or division

citemaybe

thereof as aforesaid, shall be assembled for the purpose of being

put under

trained and exercised , it shall be lawful for the captain or com-

toppages for manding officer of every company to put the militia men of his

providing themwith

company under stoppages, not exceeding four-pence per day,

linen ,&c.

for the purpose ofproviding them with linen, and also with other

necessaries , and for defraying the expence of repairing any arms

which shall have been broken or damaged by any tuch militia

man's neglect: provided always, that every such captain or commanding officer shall account with each militia man for such

stoppages ; and after having deducted what shall have been laid out

and

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. C. 91. 811

and paid for necessaries , and for repairing the arms as aforesaid,

shall pay the fum remaining ( if any there shall be) into the

hands of the militia man to whom the fame belongs, before such

militia man thall be dismised from such training and exercise.

XCIII. And be it further enacted, That the colonel or other Returns of the

commanding officer of every regiment or battalion of militia , militia when

as often

as his regiment battalion hall be called out to ex-

or exercise, to

called out to

ercife as before directed, and within fourteen days from the time be made by

of assembling, shall and he is hereby required to return to the the colonel,

lieutenant of the county, stewartry, city, or place, to which the &c. to the

same belongs, or where two or more counties, stewartries, cities, county lieu-

tenant, &c .

or places are joined together to form a regiment or battalion, toonpenalty for

the lieutenant of the county , stewartry, city, or place , furnishing neglect.

thegreatest number of men to such regiment or battalion, a true

state of such regiment or battalion, and a duplicate thereof to

the clerk to thegeneral meetings, to be preserved among the proceedings thereot ; and where any such regiment or battalion inall

be so ordered to be trained and exercisedin parts or proportions

successively in manner directed by this act, the officer commanding

every such part or proportion for the time being shall, within

seven days after the assembling of such part or proportion, make

areturn of the state of the militia exercised by him or under

his command, to the colonel or commanding officer of the

regiment or battalion to which the militia fo exercised shall

belong, on pain of forfeiting twenty pounds for every such

omission ; and the colonel or commanding officer receiving such

returns, mall, within fourteen days after all the returns of men

belonging to his regiment or battalion, who shall have been

fo assembled, shall have been received by him, transmit a general

return to the lieutenant of the county , stewartry, city , or place,

to which such militia shall betong, or where two or more counties,

cities, or places, are joined together to form a regiment or batta-

lion, to the lieutenant of the county, stewartry, city, or place, fur-

nishing the greatest number of men to such regiment or battalion,

and a duplicate thereof to the clerk of the general meetings, to

be preserved among the proceedings thereof , and in cafe any

officer shall refuse or neglect, for three months after the time

herein appointed for making such returns, so to do , he shall, for

every such offence , forfeit and pay the sum offifty pounds .

Captains of

XCIV. And be it further enacted, That the captain or com- companies

manding officer of every company of militia called out to exer- to make out

areturn in

cise under this act, thall, during the time of such exercise , make the form in

out a correct and accurate return of the state of the classes of the schedule ( F. ),

men belonging to his company, arranged according to the form for the adju-

in the schedule to this act annexed, marked (F. ), specifying the tant, orwhere

none, for the

several particulars therein mentioned , and the subdivision to commanding

which every such man shall belong, and thall deliver or transmit officer, who

the same to the adjutant of the regiment or battalion, or shall make out

where there shall be no adjutant, to the commanding officer a general re-

turn, and

of the regiment or battalion to which such company shall transmit the

belong; and such adjutant or commanding officer (as the same to the

cafe clerk of the

1

812 Annoregni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 91. [1802.

general cafe may be) shall, within one month after every such ex-

meetings, and

necessary ex. ercife as aforesaid, prepare and make out a general and accurate

tracts to the

return ofall such classes, according to such form, and with such

clerks of the specification as aforesaid, and shall transmit the same to the clerk

subdivifions, of the general meetings ; and shall alio transmit to the clerks of

who shall correct their books of en

the subdivision meetings within the county, stewartry, city, or

place , to the militia of which he shall belong , extracts of such re-

rolment

turn, containing the state of theclasses of the menbelonging to their

therefrom.

respective subdivisions ; and such subdivision clerks shall forthwith

Clerk to the

correct the books of enrolment of their respective subdivisions, so

general

meetings,

as to correspond accurately with such return, and the clerk to

within a cer-

the general meetings shall forthwith, upon receipt of such returns

tainperiod , as aforesaid, and within two months after the expiration of such

to transmit to exercise as aforesaid, make out and transmit to one of his Ma-

the secretary jesty's principal secretaries of state correct abstracts of all such

ofstate an

abstract of

returns as aforesaid, made out in the form in the sehedule

returns in the

marked (G.), to this act annexed ; and every person so required

form in sche-

as aforesaid to make any such return, who shall refuse or neglect

dule (G. ) .

to make the fame in manner aforesaid, at the period hereby

Penalty for

required for that purpose, shall , for every such offence, forfeit

neglecting to

make returns .

and pay the fum of fifty pounds .

Mennot ap-

XCV. And be it further enacted, That every militia man

pearing at the (not labouring under any infirmity incapacitating him) who hall

timeandplace not appear at the time and place appointed for his being exercised

ofexercite, or according to the directions of his act (notice having been published

absenting themselves

and given as by this act required ) shall be deemed a deserter, and

duringthat

if not taken until after the time of any such exercise, shall forfeit

time ,ifnot

and pay the sum of ten pounds ; and also every militia man who

takentill after , having joined the regiment or battalion to which he be-

shall forfeit

10l. or thallbe longs, or any company or companies, or detachment or division

committed for thereof , shall desert or absent himselfduring the time of any such

six months. exercise, and shall not be taken until after the time of such exer-

cise, shall forfeit and pay the sum of ten pounds ; and if such

penalty shall not be immediately paid , the justice of the peace

before whom any militia man shall be convicted of any such

offence , shall commit such militia man to the house of correction

to hard labour, or to the common gaol, there to remain, without

bail or mainprize, for the space of six months, or until he shall

have paid the said penalty, without any mitigation whatsoever.

Ifmen absent

XCVI. And be it further enacted, That in cafe anymilitia man

themselves, shall desert or absent himself from his duty, and shall not return

and do not re- and voluntarily surrender himself to the adjutant or other officer ,

turn, or are not

takenwithin commissioned or noncommissioned, commanding at the city, town,

three months, or place where the arms of the regiment or battalion, to

others thall which he shall belong shall be deposited, or shall not be taken

be ballotted within the space of three months from the time of his so deserting

for ; and

whenever they or absenting himself , then upon certificate thereoffrom the com-

return, or are manding officer of the regiment or battalion to which he

taken, shall belonged to the deputy lieutenants, at any of their meetings for

be compelled the subdivision for which such militia man was inrolled, such de-

to

puty lieutenants, or any two or more of them, are hereby required

to

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 91. 813

tohold a subdivision meeting, and to proceed to ballot for another

person to serve and be returned to such regiment or battalion

in the room of such militia man; and in case such militia

man shall at any time thereafter return or be taken , he shall,

notwithstanding any person shall have been chosen in his room,

be compelled to serve in the same manner, and for the fame

term , (the said term to recommence from the day on which he

shall have returned or have been taken), as if no person had

been so chosen in his room.

XCVII. And be it further enacted, That all muskets delivered Muskets to be

for the service of the militia shall be marked distinctly in some vi- marked, and

fible place with the letter ( M) , and the name of the county, stew- ifanymenfell,

pawn, or lofe,

artry, city, or place to which they belong; and in cafe any their arms,

militia man shall sell , pawn, or lose any of his arms, clothes, &c. or neglect

accoutrements , or ammunition, or neglect or refuse to return the toreturnthem

same in good order to his captain, or to the person appointed to ingood order,

they shallfor-

receive the same , every such militia man shall , for every such feitnotex-

offence, forfeit and pay a fum not exceeding three pounds; and ceeding 31. or

if such militia man shall not immediately pay such penalty , the shall be com-

justice of the peace before whom he shall be convicted shall mitted for not

exceeding

commit him to the house of correction, to be kept to hard labour three months.

for anytime not exceeding three months, or until he shall have

paid the said penalty.

XCVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall Penalty for

buyingmilitia

knowingly and wilfully buy , take in exchange, conceal, or arms, &c.

otherwise receive any militia arms, clothes, or accoutrements, or

any such articles belonging to any militia man as are generally

deemedregimental necessaries, according to the custom of the army,

being provided for the militia man, and paid for by deductions out

of his pay , or any publick stores or ammunition whatever delivered

for the militia, upon any account or pretence whatsoever, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act, the person so

offending shall forfeit and pay for every such offence the fum of

ten pounds; and if such offender shall not immediately pay such

penalty, and shall not have sufficient goods and effects whereon

to levy such penalty, the justice before whom he or she shall be

convicted shall commit him or her to the common gaol, there to

remain, without bail or mainprize, for the space of six months , or

until he or she shall have paid the said fine, or shall cause such

offender to be publickly or privately whipped, at the discretion

of suchjustice.

XCIX. And be it further enacted, That every serjeant major, When the

militia is not

serjeant, corporal, drum major , and drummer of the militia, embodied ,

shall be at all times subject to any act which shall be in force serjeant ma-

for punishing mutiny and desertion , and for the better paymentjors, &c. may

of the army and their quarters, and to the articles ofwar, underbe tried by a

court martial

the command of the colonel or other commandant of the regi- for offences

ment or battalion to which he belongs; and it shall be lawful for committed,

the colonel or other commandant of any regiment or battalion and serjeants,

of militia , to direct the holding of courts martial as herein . &c. for defer

tion, while theafter directed, for the trial of any serjeant major, serjeant, corpo- regimentwas

ral ,

814 Anno regni quadragesimo fecundoGEORGII III. C. -91. [1802 .

embodied ,and ral, drum major, or drummer of such regiment or battalion,

not taken. by either a general or regimental court martial, for any

offence against the said act or articles of war, committed during

the time such regiment or battalion shall not be embodied,

and for the trial of any serjeant, corporal , drummer, or private

man of such regiment or battalion, who shall have deserted

while the said regiment or battalion was embodied, and

shall not have been apprehended till after it shall have been dif-

Commandant embodied, but so that no punishment shall extend to the lofs of

of the regiment, towhich life or limb.

theoffender C. And be it further enacted, That, if a sufficient number

shall belong, of officers to form a court martial cannot be found, it shall be

mayorderany lawful for the colonel or other commandant, and in his absence

officers of the for the senior field officer of the regiment or battalion to which

regiment, re-

fident where the person on whom such court martial is to be held shall belong ,

the trial is to to order any officers of such regiment or battalion actually re-

be , orwithin fident within the town where such serjeant major , serjeant, cor-

tenmiles, to

allist as mem-

poral, drum major, or drummer, is to be tried , or within ten

bers of the miles thereof , to attend and affist as members of such court

court martial, martial, who shall thereupon attend at the time required, and

butshall not assist accordingly , but no officer shall be entitled to receive pay

be entitled to for any such attendance : provided always, that no sentence of

pay. Sentence not

any court martial held as aforesaid on any serjeant major, serjeant,

tobeputin execution

corporal, drum major, or drummer, or private man as aforesaid,

shall be put in execution, untilit shall have been confirmed bythe

till confirmed

colonel or other commandant, or by the field officer by whose

by theco-

order such court martial was assembled.

lonel, &c.

Non-commif- CI. And be it further enacted, That any serjeant, corporal,

fioned officers or drummer of the militia may , by sentence of a court martial,

anddrummers be reduced to the condition of a private militia man, to serve as

maybe re- such during any time not exceeding fifteen months, in cafe the

duced to serve

as privates for regiment or battalion to which he belongs shall not be

acertain pe- then embodied or called out into actual service ; and in cafe the

riod ,and ifnot regiment or battalion to which he belongs shall be then

thenrestored , embodied or called out into actual service to serve as aforesaid ,

they shall be discharged. until the disembodying of the said regiment or battalion,

after which time , or at the end of the said fifteen months, as the

cafe maybe, if not regularly re-appointed to the rank of a non-

Arms, &c.

commissioned officer or drummer , he shall be discharged from

when the mi-

the service.

litiais not em- CII. And be it further enacted, That the arms, accoutre.

bodied, tobe

keptwhere ments, cloathing, and other stores , belonging to every regiment

the command- or battalion of militia, when not embodied, shall be kept in

ant shalldi-

such convenient place as the colonel or other commandant shall

rect, with the approbation of his Majesty.

direct , with the approbation of his Majesty, signified by one of

his principal secretaries of state .

Non-commif- CIII. And be it further enacted , That all the serjeants,

fionofficers corporals, and drummers in every regiment or battalion

anddrummers of militia shall constantly be resident within the city , town, or

toresidewhereplace, where the arms belonging to such regiment or battalion

the arms are

are kept, and shall be under the command of the adjutant ,

kept , andbe who

1802.) Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 91,815

who shall also be constantly resident within the said city, town, or under thecom-

place ( unless as herein- after provided) , and shall act in such mand of the

command under the orders of the colonel or other commandant adjutant, and

monthly re-

of such regiment or battalion ; and that the adjutant , and in turns of their

his occasional and unavoidable absence, the serjeant major, or state shall be

( where there is noferjeant major) the senior serjeant hall make made by him,

or in his ab-

monthly returns of the true state of the serjeants, corporals, and fenceby the

drummers of the regiment or battalion severally to his Ma-serjeantmajor ,

jesty's secretary of state, to the lieutenant of the county , and &c. to the

to the colonel or other commandant of the said regiment secretary of

state ,the

or battalion, in default of which, on each such neglect , such county lieu-

adjutant or serjeant major shall be subject to such punishment tenant, and

as a court martial shall adjudge; and that no serjeant, corporal, the command-

or drummer, shall be absent from such city , town, or place, antof the

without a regular furlough or licence inwriting, signed by his corps.

colonel or other commandant; and every serjeant, corporal, and

drummer, absent on furlough or licence , shall respectively receive, Serjeants, &c.

absent on

during the time of such absence, the pay following; that is to leave tore-

fay , every serjeant the sum of one shilling, every corporal the ceive payas

sum of eight-pence, and every drummer the sum of fix-pence per herein speci-

day respectively , and no more; and every serjeant , corporal, and fied, and if

absentwith-

drummer, who shall absent himself without such furlough or out , to forfeit

licence , shall forfeit all pay during the time of such absence, and their pay, and

be liable to be apprehended and punished as a deserter; and such be deemed

adjutant thall never absent himself from such city, town, or deserters .

place , without leave of the colonel or other commandant of such Adjutantnot

regiment or battalion; nor for more than three calendar to be absent withoutleave ,

months in one year, except in case of sickness: provided never- nor for more

theless, that whenever such adjutant shall be absent with such than 3 months

leave as aforesaid, then such serjeants, corporals, and drummers, in the year ,ex-

shall be under the command of the battalionclerk , if he shall be cept in sick-

ness, and

a commissioned officer of such regiment or battalion, or when absent,

otherwise of the serjeant major, or of some serjeant who shall be the serjeants,

- appointed by the said adjutant, with the approbation of the said &c. to be un.

colonel or other commandant, to act as serjeant major during mandof the

der the com-

the absence of such adjutant, or of the senior serjeant , when the battalion

corps has not any adjutant or serjeant major. clerk, &c.

CIV. And be it further enacted, That if any militia man Method of

shall not join the regiment or battalion , detachment or divi- proceeding

when infor-

fion to which he belongs, at the time of annual exercise, or mation is re-

shall desert during the time of annual exercise, and shall not be ceived of the

apprehended before the expiration of the time appointed for such residence of a

exercise, and ifthe commanding officer , or the adjutant of such militia man

regiment or battalion, or the commanding officer of the who shall not

company, detachment , or division to which such offender belongs, join nual exercise ,

at thean-

shall receive information of the place where he shall be or reside , or shall desert

any such commanding officer or adjutant may, ay, bywriting under during, it and

his hand , describe the person of such offender, and also certifythat not be appre-

hended .

hedid notjoin the regiment or battalion , detachment or di-

vision, at the time of annual exercise, or that he deserted during

the time of annual exercise (as the cafe maybe ), and send the

fame

816 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 91. [1802.

fame by a serjeant, corporal, or drummer of such regiment or

battalion to the adjutant or serjeant major of the regiment or

battalion, or to the senior serjeant when there is no adjutant

or serjeant major of the regiment or battalion, or detachment or

division thereof , of the county, stewartry, city , or place, wherein

such offender is supposed to be or reside , and the adjutant ,

serjeant major, or senior serjeant to whom such certificate shall

be fent, shall forthwith direct a party of the serjeants, corporals,

or drummers of the regiment or battalion to which he belongs

to assist in the apprehending such offender, and in conveying him

before some justice of the peace of the county, stewartry, city, or

division, wherein such offender shall be apprehended ; and if by

his confession , or the testimony of any witness or witnesses upon

dath, or the knowledge of such justice, it shall appear or be found

that such person is guilty of such offence, such adjutant, serjeant

major, or senior serjeant as aforesaid, shall order a party of the

serjeants, corporals, and drummers under his command, to convey

tuch offender to the head quarters of the regiment or battalion of

militia of the next county, stewartry, city, or place, in the way to

the county, stewartry, city, or place, to which such offender

belongs, and deliver him into the custody of the adjutant or fer-

jeantmajor of such regiment or battalion, or senior serjeant as

aforesaid, who thall cause him to be conveyed in like manner to

the adjutant or serjeant major of the regiment or battalion, or

senior serjeant of the regiment or battalion of the next county,

stewartry, city, or place, and fo in like manner until such offender

shall be delivered into the custody of the adjutant or serjeant major

of the regiment or battalion, or senior serjeant as aforesaid of the

corps to which he belongs, who shall take him before a justice of

the peace, to be dealt with as this act directs in cases of militia

men deserting or absenting themselves from their duty, when not

embodied or called out into actual service; and from the time of

his being so apprehended as aforesaid, until he is brought before

such justice of the peace as aforesaid, such offender shall be fub-

fifted at the rate of sixpenceper day from the publick monies in

the hands of the collector of the land tax of the county , stewartry,

city, or place to which such regiment or battalion belongs, for

which subsistence such justice is hereby required to make such

Method of

order upon such collector, who shall be allowed the fame in his

proceeding from the regiment or battalion to which he belongs, it shall be

accounts; and if any serjeant , corporal, or drummer thall desert

where persons lawful for any constable or other officer of the town or place where

are found fuf-

pected to be any person who may be reasonably suspected to be such deserter

non-commif- shall be found , to cause such person to be apprehended and taken

fion officers before any justice of the peace living in or near to such town or

or drummers who have

place, who is hereby empowered to examine such suspected person ;

deserted. and if by his confession, or the testimony of any witness or witnesses upon oath, or by the knowledge of such justice, it shall

appear or be found that such suspected person is such deserter,

such justice shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed to the

common gaol of the county or place where he shall be found ,

or

1802. ] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 91. 817

or the house of correction or other publick prison in the town

or place in or near to which such deserter shall be apprehended,

there to remain until he shall be demanded by some person or

persons authorised to receive him as herein-after directed,

and shall transmit an account thereof to the clerk of the general

meetings of the county, stewartry, city, or place, to which such

deserter belongs; and the keeper of such gaol , house of cor- Gaolers to re-

rection, or prison, shall receive the full subsistence of such ceive the fub-

filtence ofde-

deserter at the rate above specified for his maintenance , during ferters while

the time he shall continue in his custody, but shall not be en- confined, but

titled to any fee or reward on account of his imprisonment; and no fee.

such clerk of the general meetings receiving such account, shall

immediately transmit a copy thereof to the colonel or commanding officer of the regiment or battalion of his county, stewartry,

city, or place, and also to the adjutant or other officer commanding the serjeants, corporals , and drummers of such regiments

or battalions, and the colonel or commanding officer of the

regiment or battalion to which such deserter shall be found to

belong , or the adjutant or officer commanding the serjeants ,

corporals, and drummers of such regiment or battalion, shall and

he is hereby required, immediately on receiving such copy as

aforesaid, to send any serjeant, corporal, or drummer, or any

party of the serjeants, corporals, or drummers of his regiment

or battalion , to the place where such deserter shall be fo confined,

and shall also send by such serjeant, corporal, or drummer, or

the serjeant commanding such party of serjeants, corporals,

or drummers, an order under his hand to the keeper of

the said goal, house of correction, or prison, requiring him to

deliver such deserter to the person or persons therein named,

which he is hereby required to do; and the serjeant, corporal,

or drummer, to whom such deserter shall be fo ordered to be

delivered, in cafe one only shall be fent on such duty, shall

apply to the adjutant or serjeant major of the regiment, or bat-

talion, or to the senior serjeant of the corps of the county ,

stewartry, city, orplace where such deserter shall be so confined

as aforesaid, and such adjutant, serjeant major, or serjeant, shall

order a sufficient party of the serjeants, corporals, or drummers

under his command , to assist in conveying such deserter, and

he shall be conveyed to the adjutant or serjeant major of the

regiment or battalion, or senior serjeant of the corps to which

he belongs, in the same manner as before directed with respect

to the conveying of private militia men to the adjutant or

serjeant major of the regiment or battalion or senior serjeant of

the corps to which they belong; and such adjutant, or serjeant

major or serjeant shall take such deserter before a justice of the

peace of the county, stewartry, city, or place to which he

belongs, who shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed to the

common goal, house of correction, or other publick prison of

such county, stewartry, city, or place, where he shall remain,

without bail or mainprize , until a court martial can and

shall be summoned, and held for the trial of such deserters,

VOL. XLIII. GGG according

818 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 91. [ 1802 .

according to the provisions of this act, when he shall be delivered to the person or persons named in any order to be :

issued for that purpose, under the hand of the officer, by whose

authority such court martial shall be summoned, requiring the

Gaolers to

receive and

confine de-

ferters on pe-

nalty of 205.

delivery of such deserter ; and all gaolers and keepers of prisons

shall, ( if required so to do by any serjeant, or corporal, or drum-

mer, employed in conveying any such militia man or serjeant,

corporal, or drummer so offending to the regiment or bat-

talion to which he belongs), receive into their custody,

and confine such offender for such time as they shall be respectively so required as aforesaid, not exceeding twenty-four

hours ; and every such gaoler or keeper of any prison

who shall refuse so to do , small forfeit the sum of twenty shil-

Serjeants , &c.

lings; and all such serjeants, corporals, and drummers, while

conveying deserters, or

they are employed in executing such duty as aforesaid, and all

onanymarch, other serjeants, corporals, and drummers of the militia while

shall bebillet- on any march, or employed on any duty upon which they may

ted , as the

be commanded by any legal authority , shall be billetted in like

other forces .

manner as serjeants, corporals, or drummers belonging to his

Majesty's other forces, employed in apprehending and convey-

ing deserters, are to be billetted.

Persons ap- prehending deserters to

CV. And be it further enacted, That the justice of the

peace before whom any deserter shall be convicted, shall and

bepaid 20s .

may issue his warrant to the clerk of the regiment or battalion

bywarrant of

to which such deserter shall belong, or (where there is no clerk)

the justice be- to the commanding officer, requiring such clerk or such com-

fore whom

convicted.

manding officer, to pay out of such regiment or battalion,

the sum of twenty shillings to the person who shall have

apprehended such deserter; and such clerk or commanding

officer is hereby authorised and required to paythe fame accord-

ingly on demand.

Persons con-

CVI. And be it further enacted , That if any person shall

cealing or af-

harbour, conceal, or affist any deserter, knowing him to be such,

fiftingde- ferters to for.

the person so offending shall forfeit for every such offence the

feit 51 .

sum of five pounds.

Incafes of

CVII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases of actual

actual invafi- invafion, or upon imminent danger thereof , and in all cases of

on , rebellion, rebellion or insurrection, it shall be lawful for his Majesty, (the

&c.his Majesty

mayorder the occasionbeing first communicated to parliament, ifthe parliament

militia to be mall be then fitting, or declared in council, and notified by

embodiedand proclamation, ifno parliament shall be then fitting or in being ) ,

andputunder to order and direct the lieutenants of the said several counties,

the command

of general officers, &c. stewartries , cities, and places, or on the death or removal, or

in the absence from their respective counties, stewartries, cities,

or places, of any of them, then any three or more deputy

lieutenants, with all convenient speed, to draw out and embody

all the regiments or battalions of militia, within their respective

counties, stewartries, cities, and places herein-before appointed

to be raised and trained, orfo many of them , or such part or

proportion of them, or any of them, as his Majesty shall in his

wisdom judge necessary , and in such manner as shall be bett adapted

1802. ] Anno regni quadragesimo fecundoGEORGII III. C. 91. 819

adapted to the circumstances of the danger, and to put the said

forces under the command of such general officers as his

Majesty shall be pleased to appoint ; and to direct the said forces

to be led by their respective officers into any parts of Great

Britain, for the repelling and prevention of any invasion, and

for the suppreffion of any rebellion or insurrection within Great

Britain; and from the time of any regiment or battalion of

militia being drawn out and embodied as aforesaid, and until

the same shall be returned again to its own county, stewartry ,

city, or place, and disembodied by his Majesty's order, the

officers, non- commissioned officers, drummers, and private

men of every such regiment or battalion, shall be subject to all

the provisions contained in any act of parliament which shall

be then in force for the punishing mutinyand desertion, and

for the better payment of the army and their quarters, and

the articles of war made in pursuance thereof ; and all the

provisions contained inevery such act, and the articles of war, shall

be in force with respect to the militia, and shall extend to all

the officers , non- commissioned officers, drummers, and private

men of the militia, while embodied as aforesaid, in all cafes

whatsoever.

CVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That Militia not to

neither the whole nor any part of the militia directed by this be ordered out

act to be raised and maintained , shall on any account be carried of Great Bri-

or ordered to go out of Great Britain . tain .

CIX. And be it further enacted, That whenever his Ma- When his

- jesty shall cause the militia to be drawn out and embodied as Majestyshallfo

aforesaid, if the parliament shall then be separated by such ad- order the mi-

journment or prorogation as will not expire within fourteen litia to be em-

bodied, he

days, his Majesty may and ( hall issue a proclamation for the shall ifsine a

meeting of the parliament within fourteen days; and the par- proclamation

liament shall accordingly meet and fit upon such day as shall for the meet

be appointed by such proclamation, and continue to fit and ing ofparlia-

ment in

act in like manner, to all intents and purposes, as if it had 14days .

stood adjourned or prorogued to the fame day.

CX. And be it further enacted, That the lieutenant of every When the

county , stewartry, city, and place , or (on the death or removal militia is or-

of any such lieutenant, or in his absence from his county , dered to be

stewartry, city, or place ) any three or more deputy lieutenants, drawn out, the

to whom any order from his Majesty for drawing out and county licu-

tenants shall

embodying the whole of the militia of such county, stewartry, issue orders to

city, or place shall be directed, shall forthwith issue his or their the chief con-

order to the chief constables , or other officers of the several di- stables , to be ,

forwarded to

visions within their respective counties, stewartries, cities, and theconítables,

places, with directions to forward the fame immediately to the &c. who shall

constables, or other officers of the several parithes and places cause noticeto

within their respective divisions ; and such constables, or other be given to the

men to attend.

officers , are hereby required , upon receipt thereof , forthwith to

cause notice in writing to be given to the several militia men,

or left at their usual places of abode , within their respective pa- rithes,

GGG2

4

820 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III.C.91 . [1801.

rishes , or places, to attend at the time and place mentioned

in such order.

Militiaoffi-

CXI. And be it further enacted, That no officer serving in

cers not to fit the militia, shall fit in any court-martial upon the trial of any

ontrials of

officers or fol- officer or soldier serving in any of his Majesty's other forces;

diers of the

nor shall any officer , serving in any of his Majesty's other

other forces, forces, fit in any court-martial upon the trial of any officer

nor contrari-

wife .

or soldier serving in the militia .

If militia

CXII. And be it further enacted, That if any person of the

mendo not

said militia , ordered to be drawn out and embodied as afore-

march in pur- said, (not labouring under any infirmity incapacitating him to

fuance ofor-

serve as a militia man), shall not appear and march in pur-

der , they shall fuance of such order, every such militia man shall be liable to

be deemed

deserters , and be apprehended and punished as a deserter, according to the

persons har provisions of any act which shall be then in force for punish-

bouwing them ing mutiny and desertion, and for the better payment of the

shallforfeit

100l .

army and their quarters, and of the articles ofwar , made in pur-

fuance of the same ; and if any person shall harbour and conceal any such militia man, when ordered to be drawn out and

embodied as aforesaid, knowing him to be such militia man,

Militiawhen orderedto be

every such person thall, for every such offence , forfeit and pay

the fum ofone hundred pounds.

drawn out, to

CXIII. And be it further enacted, That from the date of his

be entitled to

Majesty's warrant for drawing out the militia of any county , stew-

the famepay

as other in-

arty , city, or place, into actual service, the officers and men of

fantry; and

the militia of such county, stewartry, city, or place, thall be en

non- com-

titled to the fame pay as the officers and men of his Majesty's

missioned of

other infantry forces receive, and no other ; and if any non-

ficers or

men maimed

commissioned officer, druminer, or private man of the militia,

or wounded,

shall be maimed or wounded in actual service , he shall be

entitled tothe equally entitled to the benefit of Chelsea hospital with any

benefit of

non- commissioned officer, drummer, or private man belonging

Chelsea hospi- to any of his Majesty's other forces .

tal .

Payofoffi-

CXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That

cers and men

the pay of every officer , serjeant, corporal, drummer, and private

who shall not

man , who shall not join his regiment or battalion of militia, on

joinon the

the day appointed for that purpose , shall commence only from

dayappoint

unless

the day of his joining such regiment or battalion, unless such

prevented byneceffity ,

officer, serjeant, corporal, drummer , or private man, shall have

been prevented from joining on the day appointed as aforesaid

shall commenceonly

by sickness or any other inevitable necessity, to be proved to the

satisfaction of the commanding officer of the regiment or batta-

from the day lion, in which such officer, serjeant, corporal, or drummer, or

joining.

private man may, by order of his commanding officer, be

accounted with for his pay from the date of his Majesty's warrant

as aforesaid.

Pay ofmen

CXV. And be it further enacted, That the pay of every per-

inrolled after fon enrolled to serve in the militia of any county, stewartry,

the militia is

moodied to

city , orplace, after such militia thall have been embodied and

Coffencecalled out into actual service, shall commence upon the day on

Gom the day which such person thall join the regiment or battalion to which he

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo fecundoGEORGII III. C.91. 821

he shall belong , and not before: provided always, that it shall ofjoining; but

be lawful for the deputy lieutenants or justices of the peace, by an allowance maybemade

whom any such person shall have been fo inrolled , to order themat the

and direct an allowance to be made to such person, for the pur- time ofenrol-

pose of enabling him to proceed and join the regiment or menttoenable

battalion to which he may belong , not exceeding the rate of themtomarch,

andpaid

the pay of fo many days as would enable him to march from the bythe clerk

place where he was inrolled to the place where the said regiment of the subdivi-

or battalion may be stationed, to be calculated at the rate offion, who

not less than ten miles per day, with the usual number ofshall be re-

halting days, together with such fum or fums as must necessarily collector

paid by the

of

be paid by such person for his passage by fea, or over any ferry the land tax.

or ferries; and the said allowance of pay and passage money shall

be advanced to such person at the time of his enrolment by the

clerk of the subdivision meeting, under the order of the deputy

lieutenants or justices aforesaid, or one of them, and shall be

repaid to the said subdivision clerk by the collector of the

land tax of the county, stewartry, city , or place, on the produc-

tion of a certificate to that effect, signed by the said deputy lien-

tenants or justices, or any two or more of them, and the said

collector shall be allowed for the fame in his accounts accordingly .

CXVI. And be it further enacted, That when any regiment When a re-

or battalion of militia shall be drawn out into actual service ,giment is

and during the time it shall continue in actual . service, the drawn out,

the colonel

colonel or other commandant thereof thall and may appoint thall appoint

an agent to such regiment or battalion, and small take security anagent, from

from such agent; and such colonel or other commandant shall be whom he shall

and is hereby made subject and liable to make good all deficien- take security,

cies that may happen from the said agent or from himself , upon gooddefici-

and shall make

account of the pay, cloathing, or publick stock of such regiment encies in pay,

or battalion .

&c.

CXVII. And be it further enacted, That when the militia When the

of any county, stewartry, city, or place, shall be ordered out into militia is or-

actual service , the collector of the land tax for such county , collector of

dered out, the

stewartry, city, or place, shall and is hereby required forthwith the land tax

to pay to the captain or other commanding officer of every thall pay to

company of militia so ordered out, the sum of one guinea for the captain of

the use of every private militia man belonging to his company; every company one

and the said collector shall also pay to every captain or other com- guinea for

manding officer of a company as aforesaid , the fum of one guinea the use of

for every recruit, as early as may be after tuch recruit shall have each man,

and also for

joined his company, while out in actual service as aforesaid (all each recruit,

which money to paid by the said collector shall be allowed him as early as

in his accounts); and the money fo feceived by any captain or may be after

other commanding officer, or fo much thereof as such captain or hehasjoined,

other commanding officer shali think proper, shall be laid out in the tobe laid out

manner he thall think most advantageous for the respective militiavantage.

for hisad-men; and such captain or commanding officer shall, on or before Captains to

the twenty-fourth day of the month next ensuing that in which account with

he shall have received such one guinea as aforesaid, account to the menfor

such militia man how the said fum of one guinea hath been ap-the fame .

GGG3 plied

>

822 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 91. [1802.

plied and disposed of , and shall, at the time of fettling such account , pay the remainder of the money (if any) to the said

militia man.

When a re-

CXVIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any

gimentis out

regiment or battalion of milizia shall be embodied for actual

afift ofunty , service, and absent from the county, stewartry, city, or place to

inen

whose time which it belongs, the commanding officer of such regiment or

of service

battalion of militia shall apply to every man chosen bylot , whose

shall be within tine shall be within four months of expiring, and who in his

4months of

expiring, and judgement, and after an examinationbythe surgeon of the regi-

who shall be ment or battalion, shall still be fit to serve as a militia man, and

willing tocon- enquire if he is willing to continue in the service for such term

tinue to as any man who should be then ballotted to serve would be fub-

serve, and

forwhat price , ject to, and for what price or fum he will fo continue; and such

shallatcertain commanding officer shall , on the first day of the months ofJa-

periodsbe transmitted

nuary, March, May, July, September, and November respectively,

bythe commanding of-

or as soon after as conveniently may be, transmit to the clerk

of the general meetings of the county, stewartry, city, or place

ficer to the

to which his regiment or battalion of militia belongs, a lift of

clerk of the

all such men in such regiment or battalion of militia as he

general meet-

shall find willing to continue in the service, in which list shall

ings, in the following form :

be set down the sums they are respectively willing to continue

for , and which list shall be signed by every such militia man

as aforesaid, and shall be made in the following form, videlicet:

Dated the day of

Name of the Names of the

county .. mea.

Of the

parith of

Inthe

divinion of

Time of

Sumfor

Signature

service ex-

pires on the

whienthey engage to

content .

serve .

A. B. P. H. Α . Β.

E. F. 2 . I. E. F.

G. K. R. N. G. K.

Signing the

lift shall be

binding.

And that the signing of the said list shall be binding upon the

persons signing the fame, to all intents and purposes whatsoever.

CXIX. And

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. C. 91. 823

CXIX. And be it further enacted, That the clerk of the Clerk of the

general meetings of

every county, stewartry, city, or place afore- general ineet-

ings shall

said , shall , as soon after the receipt of such notices as the fame can transmit to

be done , transmit to the respective clerks of the subdivision the clerks of

meetings , for the use of the deputy lieutenants acting in such the subdivi-

subdivifions, correct extracts of such returns, specifying in every fions extr extracts

such extract the men that shall have been inrolled for the fubdi- turns, and the

vision to which the clerk, to whom any such extract is fent, shall deputy lieu-

belong ; and thereupon it shall be lawful for such deputy lieutenants , tenants may

ifthey shall think fit , to cause the menwilling to continue to serve cause the men

willing to

as aforesaid, tobe inrolled as volunteers for the particular and re- continue, to

ipective parishes or places for which they shall have been originally serve to be

inrolled to serve, and thereupon as many men thall be ballotted enrolled as

for in such parithes or places as may be necessary to serve in the volunteers,

and the fame

room of such militia men so inrolled as volunteers ; and the per- number shall

fon or persons ballotted to serve in the room of such militia menbe ballotted

so inrolled as volunteers , may, in the order in which they have for, who may

been ballotted, appoint such person or persons (in the order in appoint the

which their names appear in the extracts of returns transmitted volunteers

their fubfti-

to the deputy lieutenants ) his or their substitute or substitutes;tutes, and on

and upon such person or persons so ballotted for transmitting to their tranf-

the paymaster of the regiment in which such men shall be then mitting the

serving , the bountyto be given to such men whom they severally bounty to the

paymaster

appoint their substitutes in the order before specified, such per- thall be in the

fon or persons fo ballotted for shall be in the same situation as situation as

other persons who have found substitutes in the manner directed others who

have found

by this act, and the paymaster shall forthwith pay or account to substitutes.

the said men respectively to appointed fubititures for the bounties

received by him ; and such of the men as shall not be appointed

substitutes, shall be discharged at the expiration of the period of

service.

CXX. And be it further enacted, That in cafe the term ofBounties shall

service of any person who shall have been chosen by lot, and be paid to

men cholen

inrolled to serve in the militia, shall be prolonged in the manner by lot whose

herein directed beyond the term of five years, then and in such term shall he

case the collector of the land tax for the county , stewartry, city , prolonged be-

or place, to which the person so chosen by lot, and inrolled, shall mallyond5years,

belong, thall, and he is hereby required forthwith to pay to the bythe collec-

captain orother commanding officer of each company respectively, county to the

the fum of one guinea for every person whose time offervice shall captain of the

be so prolonged ; and thall inlike manner, so often as the term company for

theuse of the

of service of any person so chosen by lot, and inrolled to serve

in the militia, shall be prolonged as aforesaid, pay the like fur- men ;

ther fum of one guinea, (all which money to paid by the

collector shall be allowed him in his account); and the mo-

ney so received by any captain or commanding officer, or fo

much thereof as such captain or commanding officer thall think

proper, small be laid out in the manner he shall think most ad-

vantageous for each respective person so chosen by lot and in-

olled, and whose time of service shall be prolonged as aforesaid ;

and such captain or commanding officer shall, on or before the

GGG4twenty-

824 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 91. [1802.

twenty-fourth day of the month next ensuing that in which he

shall have received any such one guinea, account to such person

how the said fum orfums have been applied and disposed of , and

shall, at the time of fettling such account as aforesaid , pay over

to him the remainder of the said money, if any , which shall

not have been so applied and disposed of .

andalfo for

CXXI. And be it further enacted, That in cafe the term of

substitutes or

volunteers

service of any substitute , hired man, or volunteer, serving in the

whose term

militia, shall, by reason of the militia being embodied, continue

shall be fo pro- beyond the term of five years, then and in such case the collec-

longed; and for of the land tax for the county, stewartry, city, or place to

at the a like bounty which such substitute, hired man, or volunteer shall belong, thall

and he is hereby required forthwith to pay to the captain or other

every 3 years

theythall con- commanding officer of each company respectively , the sum ofone

tinue to serve guinea for every substitute , hired man, or volunteer whose term

beyond the 5 of service shall so continue; and in case such term shall fo con-

years.

tinue for more than three years beyond the said term of five years,

then at the expiration of the said three years the said collector

thall pay the like further fum of one guinea for every substitute,

hired man, or volunteer whose term shall so further continue;

and in like manner, at the expiration of every additional term of

three years, pay the like further sum of one guinea (all which

money so paid by the collector shall be allowed him in

his account) ; and the money so received by any captain or

commanding officer, or so much thereof as such captain or commanding officer shall think proper, shall be laid out in the

manner he shall think most advantageous for each respective

substitute, hired man or volunteer ; and such captain or commanding officer shall, on or before the twenty-fourth day of the

month next ensuing that in which he shall have received such

money as aforesaid, account to such substitute, hired man , or

volunteer, how the said fum or fums have been applied and dif-

posed of; and shall at the time offettling such account as aforesaid ,

pay over to such substitute, hired man, or volunteer , the re-

mainder of the said money ( if any) which shall not have been fo

applied, disposed of , and accounted for.

If any fub-

CXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any person

ftitute or

sworn and inrolled in the said militia, either as a substitute or

volunteer shallnot join,

volunteer, (not labouring under any infirmity incapacitating

or ifany of

him to serve as a militia man), shall not with due diligence join

them, or if

the regiment or battalion ofmilitia of the county, itewartry,

any serjeant ,

corporal, or drummer,

city , or place, for which he shall be so sworn and inrolled, ( m

cafe such regiment or battalion shall then be embodied), ас-

shall desert or cording to such order as shall be givenhim in that respect by the

absent him-

lieutenant or deputy lieutenants, or any of them, or by any officer

self , he may be adjudged

of the said regiment or battalion, or by any other person autho-

to further rised to give such order, or if any person serving in any embodied

service in the militia as a substitute or volunteer, or any serjeant, corporal, or

militia , or to drummer, shall desert or absent himself from hisduty , every such

other forces ;

service in the serjeant, corporal , drummer, or private militia man shall be liable

andinthe

tobe apprehended and punished, according to the provisions of any

act

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 91. 825

act which shall be then in force for the punishing mutiny and defer- latter cafe , if

tion, and for the betterpaymentof the armyand their quarters, and the sentence

be approved

of the articles of war made in pursuance of the fame , and maybyhis Ma-

by a general court martial be adjudged to further service in jetty, the

the said militia for some period to be limited, or to service in secretary at

his Majesty's other forces, without limitation as to the period war , or his

or place of such service , according as the court martial before deputy, may

him

whom he shall be tried shall think fit to direct ; and in cafe the be entered as

said court shall adjudge such militia man to serve in his a private

Majesty's other forces, and such sentence shall be approved by soldier, and

conveyedto

his Majesty, it shall be lawful, by order under the hand of the

the head

secretary at war, or his deputy, to cause such man, if found fit quarters of

for general service, on examination by a surgeon of his Majesty's any regi-

other forces, to be entered as a private soldier, to serve in such ment, or for

recruits

regiment or corps of his Majesty's other forces as shall be di- belonging to

rected in such order, or for general service, and to be forthwith regiments on

conveyed either to the head quarters of the regiment or corps in foreign fta-

which he shall be so entered, or to the head quarters for recruits tions .

belonging to his Majesty's regiments on foreign stations , (as

the cafe may require ) ; and such substitute or volunteer ( hall,

from the time of his being delivered over to be so conveyed

as aforesaid, be subject and liable to all the like penalties and

punishments contained in any act then in force for punishing

mutiny and desertion, as if he had been originally enlisted for

general service, or for the regiment or corps in which he shall

be so ordered to be entered as aforesaid.

CXXIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever the When the

whole number of persons enrolled in the said militia for anywhole num-

county, stewartry , city , or place , shall have been ordered to be berof

for any

drawn out and embodied as aforesaid, and in case any of thepersons place shall have

so ordered to be drawn out and embodied, shall afterwards make been ordered

default, either by not appearing in pursuance of any such order tobe embodi-

as aforesaid, or by desertion or absence from duty , and such ed, ifany

shall after-

person shall not be taken within the space of three months from wards make

⚫ thetime of such default, desertion, or absence, then a vacancy default, and

shall be declared by the deputy lieutenants at their first meeting not be taken

to be holden for the subdivision for which such person was within three

enrolled, next after the receipt of the certificate of such default , months, the

vacancies

desertion, or absence, under the hand of the officer commanding shall be filled

the regiment or battalion to which such person belonged, up by ballot,

and the vacancy thus occasioned shall be forthwith filled up by a

freth ballot.

CXXIV. And whereas it may be expedient that onlysuch apropor-

tion of the militia, and infuch of the counties, flewartries, cities , and

places , as shall be specified in any order of his Majesty, should be

drawn out and embodied in the first instance, and that the appoint-

ment of the private men necessary to conflitute such proportion, froula

be made or decided by ballot or otherwise, as is herein after mentioned ,

in each subdivision or district, without assembling them previously

out of the subdivision or district to which they belong ; be it therefore Ifhis Ma-

enacted, That the lieutenant of every county, stewartry, city, jesty shall order the

ormilitia , or a

826 Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. C. 91. [1802.

proportion or place, or (in case of vacancy, or in the absence of the lieu-

thereof , to be

embodied, the tenant from his county, stewartry , city, or place) any three or

county lieu- more deputy lieutenants , to whom any order of his Majesty for

tenant. &c.

the purpose ofembodying the said militia , or such part or propor-

shall issue his

order to the

tion thereofas his Majesty shall havejudged necessary, and ordered

clerks of the subdivifions ,

to be embodied, shall have been directed, shall , as soon after the

receipt thereof as conveniently may be , issue his or their order

to make out to the clerks of the several subdivision meetings in such county ,

lifts ofall

stewartry, city, or place, to prepare and make out a full and true

persons en-

Polledin each

lift, containing the names of all persons enrolled to serve in the

by acertain

faidmilitia by virtue of his act witain each subdivision respectively,

day ,anda

and arranged according to their classes as herein-before men-

duplicate copy thall be

tioned, before a day to be specified in the said order of the

made for the

lieutenant or deputy lieutenants as aforesaid , and which day

ufe of the

shall not be later than three days after the date of such order;

deputy lieu.

and the said clerks shall within the time fixed by such order,

tenants,

and another

prepare and make out such lists accordingly, and also two

transmitted to duplicates thereof , one of which duplicates thall be for the

the clerk of

ufe of the deputy lieutenants attheir respective subdivision meet-

the general meetings for

ings, and the other duplicate thereof shall be transmitted to

the clerk of the general meetings, for the use of the lieutenant

the use of the

lieutenant ;

of the county, stewartry, city, or place, or of the deputy lieu .

tenants who shall have issued such order as aforesaid.

andhe shall

CXXV. And be it further enacted , That the said lieutenant

also issue oг-

ders foraffem-

or deputy lieutenants as aforesaid, to whom his Majesty's order

bling themen

shall be directed, shall , at the time of issuing his or their order

within their

herein-before mentioned , also issue his or their order for al-

respective fembling all the men of the said militia within their respective

subdivifions, subdivifions, or at such place or places within their respective

and in such

proportions counties , stewartries, cities, or places, and in such proportions 25

as thall seem to the said lieutenant or deputy lieutenants as aforesaid shall appear

expedient;and most expedient, on the day or days to be specified in such his or

the schoolmaf- their order , to the chief constablesor other officers of such county ,

ters, &c. shall

causewritten stewartry, city, or place, and to the schoolmasters, constables , or

notice to be other officers of the several parishes and places within the fand

givento the county , stewartry, city, or place, respectively ; and such school-

mento attend; masters, constables , or other officers, are hereby required, upen

receipt thereof , forthwith to cause notice in writing to be given

to the several men of the said militia, or left at their usual places

of abode , within their respective parishes or places, to attend

within their respective subdivisions or districts at the timeand

and notices ofplace mentioned in such order, and shall also cause a like notice

the time and

thereof to be affixed on the doors of the churches or chapels be-

place place tobe

affixed on

longing to their respective parishes or places, or (if any place shall

the church

have no church or chapel belonging thereto ) on the door of the

doors.

church or chapel of some parish or place thereunto adjoining ,

which notice thall be deemed a sufficient notice to every person

inrolled by virtue of this act, notwithstanding any omission in the

delivery ofwritten notices in manner herein directed ; andallfuch

militia men ( hall duly attend at the time and place appointed

in such notices respectively.

CXXVI. And

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III . C. 91. 827

CXXVI. And be it further enacted , That if any person ofMennot ap-

the said militia, not labouring under any infirmity incapacitating pearing , or

him to serve as a militia man, shall not appear in pursuance of notabiding the

orders of the

such order, or appearing shall not abide the orders of the deputy deputy lieu-

lieutenants attending in pursuance of this act, every such person tenants, to be

shall be deemed a deserter ; and if not taken previously to the deemed de-

completion of the ballot at which such person ought to attend ferters , and if

nottaken

in pursuance of this act, small forfeit the sum of ten pounds, before the

and shall be deemed and taken to be a person liable to be em- ballot is com-

bodied within the intent and meaning of this act, and to serve pleted, thall

forfeitrol.and

according to the directions herein contained, over and above be liable tobe

the number to be chosen by ballot as aforesaid.

embodied .

CXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said lieutenant County lieu-

or deputy lieutenants as aforesaid of every county, stewartry, city, tenant , &c. to

or place, or any three or more of them, shall appoint the first appoint the

fift subdivi-

meeting to be holden by the several deputy lieutenants of the fame fion meeting

county, stewartry , city, or place within their respective subdivi- for ballotting,

fions, or at such other place or places as shall have been ap- and the time

pointed as aforesaid , on the day mentioned in such order as and place for

aforesaid, for assembling the men of the said militia, in order to assembling

themen

their being chosen or ballotted to serve according to the direc- chosen, of

tions of this act, and shall also appoint the time and place of which the

assembling such of the said men as shall be so chosen or ballotted deputy lieu-

within their respective counties, stewartries, cities, or places, in tenants thall

give notice,

order to their being embodied, for which several appointments and shall

the respective deputy lieutenants shall have notice; and all the cause a pro-

men inrolled on the lift of every such subdivision or district , and portion of the

appearing in pursuance of such order on the day so to bementobe ballotted for,

appointed, shall be then mustered by the said deputy lieutenants ; and their

and the said deputy lieutenants shall at such meeting proceed in names mark-

the manner by this act directed, to cause a number of the men ed on the

so appearing to be chosen or ballotted for, according to the di lift , which is

to be called

rections of this act , equal to such proportion of the complete over, and the

number that had been or ought to be inrolled by virtue of this names of the

act, on the lift of such subdivision or district, as shall or may personschofen

be specified in his Majesty's order for drawing out and embo- shall bere-

turned to the

dying any part or proportion of the militia as aforesaid, and county lien-

to cause the names of all the persons chosen and ballotted to be tenant , &c .

marked on the list of such subdivision or district ; and when the and the time

choice and ballot shall be concluded, the said deputy lieutenants and place of

their being

shall cause the lift of such subdivision or district to be publickly to be embo-

called ; and as the name of each person contained therein shall died declared ,

be read, shall then and there declare whether such person is or and the men

is not, (as the cafe may be ) chosen or ballotted out of such not chosen

thall be dif-

lift in the manner herein- before provided ; and the names of all charged from

the persons fo chosen and ballotted, thall be returned to the lieu- furtherat-

tenant of the county , stewartry, city, or place for which such persons tendance.

are enrolled, or to the deputy lieutenants who shall have given

such order as aforesaid ; and the persons so chosen and ballotted,

shall be embodied to serve according to the true intent of this

act; and the said deputy lieutenants shall openly declare to

the

828 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 91. [1802.

the men who have been so chosen or ballotted, the time and

place of their assembling, in order to their being embodied ; and

all and every such persons or person who shall have been de-

clared to be so chosen or ballorted, shall immediately proceed

and repair to, and shall duly attend at the time and place so to

be appointed and declared, in order to their or his being embo-

died accordingly ; and all and every such persons or person as

shall be fo declared not to have been so chosen or ballotted

as aforesaid, thall be discharged from further attendance in

pursuance of such order as aforesaid.

Deputy lieu-

CXXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall

tenants may

correctclatles.

be lawful for the said deputy lieutenants, in their several fubdi-

vision meetings, and before they proceed to choose or ballot,

as herein-before directed, to revise and correct the names of

the men contained in such class or classes , according to the

Whenhis

several changes or alterations that may have taken place since

Majesty shall

the last revisal or correction thereof.

order only a

part of the

militia to be

CXXIX. And be it further enacted, That whenever his Majesty shall think fit to draw out and embody a part or proportion

embodied , the only of the militia of any county, stewartry, city, or place, the

deputy lieu- deputy lieutenants in their several subdivifions shall, before

tenants shall

examine the

they proceed to choose or ballot for the private men who are

classes, and

to form such part or proportion, examine the classes of the

ifthe num-

descriptions herein-before mentioned, entered according to the

ber required provisions of this act, and in every cafe in which the part or

thall equal the proportion of the militia required to be called out in such fub-

first , or first

and second,

division shall equal the number of men contained in such first ,

or succeeding or firit and second , or other succeeding classes in their order ,

classes in

their order, then and in such case the men contained in such class or classes ,

as the cafe may be, shall be forthwith chosen without any ballot;

the men contained therein and when the proportion of men so required as aforesaid shall

thall be chosen be less than the number of men contained in such first class,

withoutbal- then such proportion shall be ballotted for out of such class

lot , but if less

than the fift only , and no other ; and when the proportion so required as

clais , the aforesaid shall exceed the number of men contained in the first,

number shall , or first and any succeeding class or classes in the order in which

beballotted

they shall fo stand as aforesaid , the deputy lieutenants shall first

for thereout ; choose all the men in such first class, or first and next succeeding

and ifmore

thanthat and class or classes , until such proportion shall be as near as may be

any succeed- completed, and shall then proceed to ballot in manner directed

ing class in by this act for the remainder of the proportion so required as

order , such aforesaid, out of the class immediately following the last class

classes shall be

firit chosen,

that shall have been wholly taken towards making up such

and the re-

proportion as aforesaid ; and the deputy licutenants shall proceed

mainder bal

in like manner for the supplying of any further part or proportion

lotted for

ofmilitia, in cafe any further part should be afterwards ordered

out of the

next class

by his Majesty to be embodied, and shail during the whole of the

to the last

time that a part or proportion only of the militia shall remain

whollytaken ; embodied, supply all vacancies, as they shall arise , insuch part or

and in like

proportion, out of the classes as they stand in succession, and

manner any

furtherpro-

shall in no case proceed to ballot for the supplying of any

on thallvacancy

1082.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 91. 829

vacancy out of any class , until all the men contained in the be supplied as

preceding class or classes, who shall be able and fit to join such well as va-

militia , shall have been chosen for that purpose . cancies.

CXXX. And be it further enacted, That whenever the militia, It any man

or any part or proportion of the militia of any county, stewartry, enrolled in

city, or place, thall have been ordered to be drawn out and embo. any subdivi-

fionofa

died in pursuance of his act , in case any of the persons enrolled county, the

in any subdivision of such county, stewartry, city, or place , militia where-

the militia whereof thall be so ordered to be drawn out and of shall be

embodied as aforesaid, shall make default either by not ap- embodied ,

ordered to be

pearing in pursuance of any such order as aforesaid, or by defer- thall desert or

tion or absence from duty , and such person thall not be taken he absent ,

within the space of three months from the time of such default, and shall not

then a vacancy shall be declared by the deputy lieutenants, at be taken

within three

their first meeting to be holden for the subdivision for which mouths, the

the person fo making default was enrolled , next after the re- vacancy shall

_ ceipt of the certificate of such default , desertion, or absence, be filled up

under the hands of the officer commanding the regiment or by afreth

battalion to which such person belonged, and the vacancy

ballot.

- thus occasioned shall be forthwith filled up by a fresh ballot

within the subdivision aforesaid .

CXXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any person Any person

enrolled by virtue of this act, and not chosen or ballotted as enrolled and

aforesaid , who shall not have any child or children living under not chosen,

not having a

the age of fourteen years, and who shall not be more than child under

thirty-five years of age, shall offer himself as a volunteer , tobe 14, and not

drawn out and embodied in the room of any person so chosen being more

or ballotted, it shall be lawful for the deputy lieutenants at any old , maybe

than 35 years

meeting , to accept such volunteer in the room of such person so accepted as a

chosen or ballotted as aforesaid, and such person so accepted shall volunteer.

serve as if he had himself been so chosen or ballotted in manner

aforesaid. CXXXII. And be it further enacted, That every man ofMenattend-

the said militia who shall appear and attend at the ballot to ing at the

ballot ,and

be taken as herein- before directed, and who thall not be chosen not being

or ballotted as aforesaid, shall be entitled to an allowance, chosen, shall

after the rate of one thilling per diem, during the time he shall be paid by the

be necessarily employed from home, in going to, and continuing diem while

clerk per

at, and returning from the place to be appointed for such ballot , from home,

not to exceed three days, to be paid by the clerk of the fubdi- which the

vision or other meeting in which such men thall be enrolled ; collector thall-

and on the certificate of the number of men so paid, under the reimburte .

hands of such deputy lieutenants and justices of the peace

respectively, or where no deputy lieutenant shall there attend,

then of any two or more such justices of the peace as aforesaid,

the collector of the land tax for such county , stewartry, city, or

place , shall reimburse to the said clerk the sums so paid, out of

any monies in his hands of any a'd granted by parliament by

wayof landtax . CXXXIII. And

830 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 91. [ 1802.

Clerksmay

CXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the respective

drawupon

the collectors

clerks of the subdivision or other meetings thall be and they are

by order of

hereby authorised and empowered to draw on the collector of

thedeputy lieutenants,

the land tax for the county, stewartry, city, orplace, for such fum

or fums of money as such deputy lieutenants and justices of the

&c. for money

peace respectively, or where only one deputy lieutenant thall

to pay allow-

ances.

attend as such deputy lieutenant, or where no deputy lieutenant

shall attend, then as any two or more justices of the peace shall ,

by any order under their or his respective hands or hand direct

and appoint, which fum or fums of money shall be applied by

such respective clerks for paying the allowances herein-before

directed to be made ; and the receipt of any such clerk , together

with such order , shall be to the said collector of the land tax a

sufficient discharge for the payment of such sum or fums of

money, and be allowed in his account.

Clerks when

CXXXIV. And be it enacted, That the clerk of each fubdi-

required to

make out ac-

vision or other meeting shall , when required by such deputy lieu-

counts of

tenants andjustices of the peace, or where no deputy lieutenant

monies re-

shallattend, then by any two or more justices of the peace, make

ceived and

out an account of the respective sums of money by him received

paid , to be examined and

and paid, in pursuance of his act, to be by them examined, allowed,

allowed.

and signed; and the account so examined, allowed , and signed ,

shall be and is hereby directed to be the proper voucher and acquittal of such clerk for the application and disposal of such money.

His Majesty CXXXV. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein

may order the contained shall be construed to debar his Majesty from ordering

remainder of

the militia to

the remainder of the said militia, or fo many of the remainder of

be embodied ,

the said militia of any county , stewartry, city, or place, as his

Majesty shall in his wisdom think proper, to be drawn out and

embodied whenever the occasion shall require, according to the

Whenhis provisions prescribed by this act .

Majesty thall

CXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That whenever his

order any Majesty shall think fit to draw out and embody any further pro-

further pro- portion of the militia of any county , stewartry , city, or place, it

militia to be

portion of the shall be lawful for the lieutenant of such county , ( tewartry, city ,

embodied, the or place , or three or more deputy lieutenants as aforesaid, and he

countylieu-

and they is and are hereby respectively required , to cause such

tenant and

further proportion to be drawn out and embodied as his Majesty

other officers

thall order; and in so doing such lieutenants and deputy lieu-

shall pursue

the rules pre-

tenants respectively, and also all and every the deputy lieutenants,

scribed for

and all other officers aforesaid respectively, shall pursue the rules

embodying

and directions herein-before prescribed for drawing out and

the first pro- embodying the first proportion thereof .

portion. CXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if during such

While any

partof the

time as any part of the militia which shall have been drawn out

militiashall

and embodied for service shall continue embodied, his Majesty

continue em-

shall deem it expedient that the militia of any county, stewartry,

bodied, his

city, or place, or any part thereof , which shall not at such time

Majesty may be actually embodied for service, should be drawn out in order

order any

not embodied, to be muftered, trained, and exercised, for alimited time, instead

to be drawn ofbeing so embodied for service , according to the provisions of

out to be this

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 91. 831

this act, it shall be lawful for his Majesty to direct the lieutenants mustered,

or deputy lieutenants of all or any of the said counties , stewartries, trained, and

cities, or places, to cause the said militia not actually embodied, or

exercised.

any part thereof, to be drawn out, in order to be mustered,

trained, and exercised, in such proportion, and for such time, and

at such place or places as shall be appointed, with the approbation

of his Majesty, by the lieutenant or deputy lieutenants, in

manner as is herein-before directed for training and exercising

the disembodied militia ; and the same shall be mustered , trained,

and exercised accordingly. When the

CXXXVIII . And be it further enacted, That whenever the whole militia

whole of the militia of any county, stewartry , city, or place is of any county,

&c . is

ordered to be embodied, all the officers, non- commissioned tobe embo-

- officers , and drummers of every regiment or battalion of the died, all the

militia of such county, stewartry, city, or place, shall immediately officers, non- commissioned

join the regiment or battalion to which they respectively belong, officers , and

atthe time and place appointed for the embodying such militia ; drummers

and whenever the militia of any county, stewartry, city, or shall join, and

place, is called out and embodied by detachments or divisions, when a part,

under any order of his Majesty for that purpose, pursuant to such apropor•

tion of them

the provisions of this act, it shall be lawful for his Majesty to

as shall be or-

order and direct the proportion and description of officers , non- dered by his

commissioned officers, and drummers, who shall accompany Majesty, who

such detachments or divisions of men, and the respective esta shallregulate

the numbers

blishments of such detachments or divisions, and also to regulate and duties of

the numbers and duties of all such officers, serjeants, corporals, those remain-

and drummers, as shall remain within any such county, stew- ing in the

artry, city, or place , for the mustering, training, and exer- county , &c.

for mustering ,

cifing of the remainder of the private militia men thereof , as &c. the pri

the service may require, and to his Majesty mayseem most fit vates.

and convenient.

CXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful His Majesty

for his Majesty from time to time, as he thall think fit, to difem- may difem-

body any part or proportion of any militia of any county, stew- body the militia , and

artry, city , or place, embodied under this act , and from time to embodythem,

time again to draw out and embody any such militia so disembo- as to him shall

died as aforesaid, or any proportion thereof , as to his Majesty seem necessary,

shall seem necessary , according to the rules and provisions of according to

this act. theprovifions

of his act.

CXL. And be it further enacted , That when the militia, or Militia when

any part thereof , having been so drawn out into actual service as disembodied

aforesaid, shall be again duly disembodied, and the officers and tobe subject

to the fame

men thereof dismissed to return to their several places of abode, orders only as

the officers, non-commissioned officers, drummers, and private before being

men, shall be subject to the same orders, directions, and engage- drawn out.

ments only, as they were subject to under the provisions of this

act, before they were so drawn out into actual service as aforesaid.

CXLI. And whereas it may be expedient, that in all cafes ofactual

invasion, or of imminent danger of invasion, and in case of rebellion,

his Majestyshould be empowered to increase , without delay, the number

ofmilitiaforces, for the more effectual protection and defence of this

realms

832 Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. C. 91. [1802.

Incafe of

invafion or realm ; be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for his

rebellion, his Majesty ( the occasion being first communicated to parliament,

Majestymay, if parliament shall be then fitting, or declared in council and

by proclama- notified by proclamation, if no parliament shall be then fitting

tion , increase or in being ), to order and direct, by his royal proclamation, that

themilitia , in addition to the number of men required by or under the fore-

not exceeding

halfthe

going provisions of this act, to be raised by the several counties,

numberre-

stewartries, cities, and places herein mentioned, there shall be

quired by this

forthwith raised and enrolled in the said several counties, stew-

act , and the

county lieu-

artries , cities , and places, any number ofmen not exceeding the

tenants and

proportion ofone half of the whole number of men before required

deputies thall by or under this act, to be raised by each county, stewartry , city ,

apportion the and place; and the lieutenants and deputy lieutenants respectively

number, and of the said counties, stewartries, cities, and places shall, imme-

proceed to

raise and enrol diately on the issuing of any such proclamation, assemble and

themen, at forthwith proceed to apportion the number of men required to

such time as be raised in their respective counties, stewartries, cities, and

thallbe speci- places, among the several parishes or places therein respectively ,

fied in the

proclamation, and shall thereafter proceed to raise and inrol such men, at such

time or times as thall be specified for that purpose in such pro-

clamation ; and all the powers, provisions, regulations, rules,

penalties, forfeitures, bounties, allowances, clauses, matters, and

things, in this act contained, relative to the militia, shall be applied ,

practised, enforced, and put in execution, for the raising, training,

and exercising, and for the embodying and calling out into actual

service the supplementary militia fo ordered and directed to be raised

and enrolled, in as full and ample a manner in every respect, as far

as the fame can be applied and put in force, as if the said num-

ber of men so added to the militia had been included in the num-

ber of men required and directed to be raised by virtue of this

act.

When the

CXLII. And be it further enacted , That , whenever his Ma-

supplemen- tarymilitia

jesty thall cause the supplementary militia to be raised and en-

israised ,

rolled, or drawn out and embodied as aforesaid, if the parliament

his Majesty shall issue a

shall then be separated by such adjournment or prorogation as

will not expire within fourteen days, his Majesty may and shall

proclamation for the meet-

issue a proclamation for the meeting of the parliament within

ing of parlia .

fourteen days, and the parliament shall accordingly meet and fit

Jment within

upon such day as thall be appointed by such proclamation, and

14days.

continue to fit and act in like manner to all intents and purposes

as if it had stood adjourned or prorogued to the fame day.

His Majesty ,

CXLIII. And be it further enacted , That it shall be lawful

byproclama- for his Majesty, from time to time, whenever he shall deem it

tion, may reduce and expedient to reduce the whole, or any part of the supplementary

disembodythe militia, by his royal proclamation to declare such reduction ac-

supplemen-

cordingly ; and in case the said supplementary militia, or any part

rary militia,

butthepri-

thereof , thall be then embodied, to disembody the fame, or any

vates shall remain liable

number of private militia men equal thereto , without regard to

whether such men were raised and inrolled in pursuance of any

to forve for

proclamation for raising the supplementary militia, orwere inrolled

weperiods for

which amol-

before , and were serving at the time of the issuing thereof ; and the

1802. ] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 91. 833

the private militia men so disembodied as aforesaid , or so many led, and shall

of them as may have been inrolled and not embodied at the time supply vacan-

cies in the

ofifluing such proclamation , shall nevertheless remain liable toplaces for

serve for the respective periods for which they shall have been which en-

respectively inrolled to serve, and shall, during such periods, fup- rolled; and

ply all the vacancies that may arise in the respective parishes or no ballot

shall take

places, or united parishes or places, for which they shall have place while

been so inrolled, whenever called upon so to do; and the deputy such vacan-

lieutenants of the respective subdivisions shall , from time to time, cies can be

cause any man or men, as the cafe may be, that may be re- supplied from

quired for supplying any vacancy or vacancies in them ,but

the established they shall

militia that may arise for any parish or place, or united parishes not be liable

or places in their respective subdivisions, to be taken from their to supply

respective classes as aforesaid, or ballotted, as the cafe may require, vacancies for

according to the provisions in this act contained, relating to the any other placethan

taking men for the militia from classes, until all the men so re- that for which

maining liable, and that shall be fit to serve, shall have supplied originally

such vacancies: provided always, that no ballot shall take place enrolled .

for the raising and inrolling any man to supply any vacancy that

may arise from any parish or place, so long as the fame can be

supplied from any men, or by any man, then inrolled for such

parish or place that shall remain liable and be fit to serve: provided also, that no man fo remaining liable to serve as aforesaid

for any parish or place shall be called upon, or be liable to supply any vacancy arising for any other parish or place, than that

for which he shall be originally inrolled to serve under the provisions of this act: provided also, that no such man so remaining

liable to supply such vacancy as aforesaid thall, during the time

he fo remains liable, be capable of being enlisted into his Majesty's regular forces .

CXLIV. And be it further enacted, That where the mi- The supple-

litia shall be increased in manner above directed, the men raised mentary mili-

tia menthan

and inrolled for such supplementary militia shall be added to make part of

and make part of the regiment or battalion of the county, the regiment

ferming of itself one regiment or battalion, or of the regiment of the county.

or battalion composed of the counties, stewartries, cities, or

places for which they shall be fo raised and inrolled; and the Additional

additional number of captains, lieutenants, and ensigns, serjeants, officers, &c.

corporals, and drummers, necessary for such supplementary mi- shall be appaintedas for

litia, shall be appointed in the manner above directed in the theregiment,

cafe of the regiment or battalion of militia to which such fup-

plementary militia thall be added.

CXLV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That No regiment

malihavemore

no regiment shall be composed of more than twelve companies ; than 12 com-

and that no regiment , consisting of less than one thousand panies, nor

private men, shail be formed into more than ten companies . more than 10,

CXLVI. And be it further enacted, That in every regiment if less than

or battalion which shall be increased by such supplementary mi- fooomen .

An additional

litia to the number of eight hundred private men or upwards , major shall be

one major shall be added to every such regiment or battalion, appointed to

VOL. XLIII.

Нин

foevery regimentincreased

834 Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. c. 91. [1802.

to 800 pri-

so that to every regiment or battalion so increased to not less

vates or up-

wards.

than eight hundred private men, there may be one colonel, one

lieutenant colonel, and two majors.

Bywhom the

CXLVII. And be it further enacted, That where two or

additional major shall be

more counties, stewartries, cities, or places, are joined together

appointed ;

to form a battalion, such additional major of every such regiment

or battalion increased to eight hundred private men or upwards,

shall be appointed by the lieutenant of the county, stewartry,

city , or place, furnishing the greatest number of private men;

and where one county, stewartry, city, or place of itself , forms

one battalion, then such additional major shall be appointed by

the lieutenant of the county , stewartry, city , or place forming

such battalion .

but no addi-

CXLVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That

tional field

where any county, stewartry, city, or place , does not furnith

officer thall be

men sufficient to form a company, the lieutenant of suchcounty,

appointed by stewartry, city , or place , thall not appoint any such additional

the lieutenant

ofa county

field officers .

not furnithing

CXLIX. And whereas it may happen through neglect or otherwise ,

sufficient for a that in some county , stewartry, city, orplace, the militia may not be

company .

ra'fedaccording to the directions of his act ; and it is just and reasonable

that allhis Majesty's subjects should contribute equally towards the

County lieu-

expence ofraising and supporting a militiafor the defence of the realm ;

tenants , &c. to

be it therefore further enacted, That the lieutenant, or anythree

tranfinit cer-

deputy lieutenants of every county, stewartry , city , and - place ,

tified returns where the militia shall be raised according to the directions of

of the militia, this act, shall, on or before the twenty - fifth day of December in

and times of

exercise, to

every year, transmit a certificate to the clerk of the commif-

the clerk of

fioners of supply of such county, stewartry, city , or place ,

the commif-

containing an account of the names, number, and rank of the

fioners of

officers, and the number of non-commissioned officers, drum-

supply an-

ually on or

mers, and private men of the militia of that year, and the time

Before Dec.

during which such militia hath beentrained and exercised; and

25 , to be kept

every such clerk of supply shall deliver such certificate to the

among their

records ; but

commissioners of supply at their general meeting tobe held in the

where none

month of April in every year, and the same shall be kept amongst

are received

the records of such meeting; but where no such certificate shal

by the clerk ,

be received by the clerk of supply as aforesaid , he shall certify

he shallcertify

the fame under his hand to the commissioners so assembled , and

the same to the commission-

such certificate of the said clerk of supply shall be kept amongtt

Where the

ers. the records of such meeting.

CL. And be it further enacted, That in every county, stew-

quota of any

artry, city, or place, in which the fullnumber of men required

county , &c.

by or in pursuance of any of the provisions of this act, as the

shall notbe

raisedwithina quota of such county, stewartry, city, or place , shall notbe raised

limited time, and completed within six months after the passing of this act ,

Iol. thallbe or after the same shall have been fixed and established by any

paid annually subsequent order of his Majesty in council as herein-before di-

for each man rected, then and in every such cafe the fum of ten pounds shall

neficient , for

which the

be annually paid for and in lieu of every private militia manless

commissioners than the quota of such county , stewartry, city , or place , who

offupply thall

Chall

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 91. 835

shall not have been raised within the time limited by this act; make an af-

and the commissioners of supply of every such county ,stewartry, feffment.

city , and place, assembled at the first general meeting held in the

month of April in each year next after the expiration of the said

six months, shall, upon the receipt of the certificate of the lieu-

tenant , or three deputy lieutenants, which certificate he and

theyis and are hereby required totransmit to the clerk of the com-

r

missioners ofsupplyfor such county, stewartry, city, or place, in or-

der tobe laid before the said commissioners ofsupply, affess the said

fum often pounds per man as aforesaid upon every such county,

stewartry, city , or place ; according to the valued rent thereof , and

⚫incaseatanyfuturetime the number ofmenrequired tobe provided

for the militia of anycounty, stewartry, city , or place, according to

the several provisions of his act, shail not be provided within three

calendar months after the lieutenant, or any one of the three

deputy lieutenants , shall have had notice from or by the order of

the commanding officer of any regiment or battalion of such mi-

litia of any such deficiency, then and in every such cafe the

commissioners of supply aforesaid , assembled at the first meeting

tobe holden for the county, stewartry, city, or place, after such

deficiency shall have been made known to them by the lieutenant

or deputy lieutenants as aforesaid, shall rate and affess upon the

valued rent as aforesaid the like sum of ten pounds for every man

so deficient as aforesaid, in every county, stewartry, city, or place.

CLI. And be it further enacted, That the commissioners of Such affeff-

supply aforesaid, in making any such rate and assessment upon ments upon

the whole of any county , stewartry, city , or place, shall appor- counties to be

tion the sums so to be assessed as aforesaid , and rate and affess parish, pro-

the fame upon the valued rent of the several parishes andplaces portionally to

in such county , stewartry, city, or place , in the same proportions the number of

in which the men for the militia are required to be raised by such men it is re-

parishes and places respectively, according to such apportionment quired toraife .

as may have been made thereof in pursuance of this act, or to

the last apportionment that shall have been made of men to be

raised by each parish and place.

CLII. And be it further enacted, That when in any county, When the

stewartry, city, or place, such deficiency of men shall arise from deficiency

the default of any particular parish or place, or parishes or places shall arise in

in such county , stewartry, city, or any particular

place, in not raising the pro- rior

portion or respective proportions ofmen required to be raised rithes, the

pa-

by any such parish or place, or parishes or places, then and in affeffment

such cases the said commissioners of supply , in making such rate shall be made

or assessiment as aforesaid, shall rate and affess all and every such thereon.

sum and sums of money upon the valued rent of such parish or

place, parishes orplaces, that shall have so made default as aforesaid , in proportion to the number of men by which each of such

parithes or places shall fall short of the number of men required

to be raised therein .

CLIII. And be it further enacted, That the commissioners of Commission-

supply assembled at such meeting as aforesaid, failing or neg- ersoffupply

upply

lecting to make such rate or affeffment in the manner by this act failingto make

affeft-

HHH2

directed, ments, shall

836 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III . C. 91. [ 1802.

be personally directed, shall be personally liable in a penalty equal to the sum

liable for the for which such rate or affefsment ought to be so made, to be re-

amount,

which may be covered by a summary complaint to be made to the sheriff or

recoveredby

steward depute, at the instance of the lieutenant or any two

summary complaint to

deputy lieutenants of the county or stewartry in which such rate

the theriff or

or aflessment ought to be so made, where such county or stew-

steward de-

artry of itself forms a regiment or battalion, and where two or

pute , bythe

more counties, stewartries, cities, or places, arejoined together to

county lieu-

form a regiment or battalion , then at the instance of the lieu-

tenant.

tenant or any two deputy lieutenants of any of the counties,

stewartries, cities, or places, composing such regiment or batta-

tion, and the sums fo recovered shall be paid and applied in the

same manner as such rate or affeffiment , if made and levied ,

would have been paid and applied .

How affeff-

CLIV. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where

ments shall be there is not sufficient evidence of the valued rent of lands in any

made where

there is not

county or stewartry, the assessments and apportionments thereof

evidence of

hereby directed, shall be made according to the customary pay-

valued rents .

ment of the land tax.

In cities , &c.

CLV. And be it further enacted, Thatin the case of cities, royal

the affeff-

burghs, and towns liable to pay such affefsment or an apportion-

ments shall be

levied as the ment thereof as aforesaid, the magistrates thereof shall, and they

cess stent.

are hereby authorised to levy from the heritors, burgesses, and

inhabitants of such cities, burghs, and towns, their proportion

of such affeffment or apportionment thereof , in such manner and

in the fame proportions as the cess stent and other publick bur-

thens and contributions are in use by law to be affessed and levied

in such cities, burghs, and towns respectively.

Magistrates

CLVI. And be it further enacted, That in case the magistrates

neglecting to

make such af-

of any city, burgh, or town, shall neglect or refuse to stent and

fefsments in

affless the heritors, burgesses, and inhabitants thereof for such

cities,&c. shall

affefsment , or their apportionment thereof , then the magistrates

beperfonally liable for the

of such city, burgh, or town so neglecting or refusing, shall be

personally liable in a penalty equal to the said afsfefsment, or their

amount,

which may be apportionment thereof , to be recovered by summary complaint to

recoveredby the sheriff or stewart depute of the county or stewartry in which

summarycom- such city, burgh, or town is situated , at the instance of the collec

plaint to the tor of the land tax of the county or stewartry entitled to relief by

theriff or stew-

art depute, such affefsment or apportionment thereof , and the fums fo reco-

by the collec- vered shall be paid and applied in the same manner as such affeff-

torof the land ment, or the apportionment thereof , if made, would have been

tax. paid and applied.

The landward CLVII. And be it further enacted, That where parishes are

partofpa- partly landward and partly within burgh, the landward part of

rishes shall be the parish shall be considered as part of the county or stewartry

deemed part liable for the above mentioned rate or assessment, or its apporti-

of the county,

and the part onment thereof , and the part within burgh shall be included in

within burgh, the affeffment for the burgh.

partthereof .

CLVIII. And be it further enacted , That the commissioners

Commission- of supply of the several counties, stewartries, cities, andplaces,

ers offupply

totransmit the where any such rate and assessment shall be made as aforesaid ,

shall,

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III . C. 91. 837

shall, immediately after the making of any such rate and affeff- amount of

ment as aforesaid, transmit or caufse to be transmitted the several the sums af-

seffed to the

amounts of the sums so afsessed upon the several parishes and pla- collector of

ces , to the collector of the land tax of such county, stewartry, the land tax,

city , or place; and such collector shall, as soon as conveniently who shall give

maybe , cause notice thereof to be given to the respective persons notice to the

in the several parishes and places upon which any such rate or persons affeff-

ed, and levy

assessment shall have been made as aforesaid; and such collector the fame.

shall forthwith levy and collect the fame in such manner as he

levies and collects the cess or land tax.

1

CLIX. And be it further enacted, That the collector or Collectors to

collectors levying and collecting any such sum or fums of money,

retainsuch

shall retain such sumor fums ofmoney in hisor their hands for three moneyin

their hands

calendar months after the receipt thereof, and during the said three months,

period of three months it shall be lawful for any deputy lieute- and paythere-

nant of the subdivision of the said county, fstewartry, city, or place, out bounties

toanyvolun-

within which such parish or place shall be situate, to raise any teers that the

volunteer or volunteers for such militia, in lieu of such man or deputy lieute-

men as shall be so deficient as aforesaid, and to agree with every nants shall

such volunteer for a bounty not exceeding the fun of ten raise within

pounds ; and the deputy lieutenants before whom any such volun- supplying

thatperiod for

teer shall be duly examined, approved, sworn, and inrolled to deficiencies,

serve in the militia, shall make an order upon such collector or and thenpay

collectors for the payment of such bounty, and upon the the balance to

-production to such collector or collectors of a certificate under general of

the receiver

the hands of such deputy lieutenants as aforesaid, of any such Scotland.

volunteer having been duly examined, approved, sworn, and

enrolled to serve in the militia, and of such order for the payment

of such bounty as aforesaid, and of a certificate under the hands

of the commanding officer of any regiment or battalion of

militia of such county, stewartry, city, or place, of such man

having joined his regiment or battalion, such collector or

collectors shall, and he and they is and are hereby respectively

required to payout of such money in his or their hands as aforesaid , any fum of money not exceeding the said fum of ten pounds

for each of such volunteers as aforesaid ; and such collector or

collectors shall, at the expiration of three months after the

receipt of such money as aforesaid, pay all fums ofmoney as may

have come into his or their hands, for and on account of any

such fines as aforesaid, and as shall not have been paid for and

on account of any such volunteer as aforesaid, in manner herein

directed, to the receiver general of Scotland, in the same manner

as such collector or collectors pay the cess or land tax levied by

them to such receiver general, who shall keep an account there-

of as herein- after directed.

CLX. And whereas there aresome towns and places which lie in two

counties or stewartries, anddoubts may arise whether such towns and

places are obligedto pay to both counties or stewartries towards raising the

faidmoney; beit therefore further enacted, Thatwhere any town or lies in two Wherea place

place lies intwo counties or stewartries, or part thereof in a county, counties, the

and part in a stewartry, the proportion of the faidmoney tobepaid affestment

HHH3

for shall bepaid to

!

838 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 91. [1802.

the collector for such town or place, in lieu ofraising the militia as aforesaid,

of that where- shall be paid to the collector of the land tax for the countyor

in the church

stands.

stewartry wherein the church of such town or place is situate.

When the

CLXI. And be it further enacted, That every collector of the

wholeaffeff- land tax, to whom any such money shall be paid , shall give a

mentupon any receipt for such money to the person or persons paying the fame,

place is paid

to the receiver

which receipt shall be a sufficient discharge for such payment;

general for and that when the whole fum directed to be raised in any county ,

Scotland, it stewartry, city, or place as aforesaid, shall be paid into the hands of

shall beindem- the receiver general for Scotland in pursuance of this act , such pay-

nified for not

raising its ment shall be a fulldischarge and indemnification of such county,

quota , and he stewartry, city, orplace, for thefailure or neglect in raising and train-

shall within ten ing the number of menof the militia for the year in respectwhereof

days after re-

such payment shall be made ; and the receiver general of Scotland

ceiving any

money, cer-

shall ,withintendays after the receipt of any such money, certify

tifyit to the

such receipt to the lord high treasurer and commissioners of his

treasury and

Majesty's treasury, and forthwith pay the same into the receipt

payitinto the exchequer, to

of his Majesty's exchequer at Westminster; and the money fo

bedisposed

paid into the exchequer shall be kept separate and apart from

ofby parliament.

other money, and shall be accounted for yearly to parliament ,

and disposed of as parliament shall direct ; and no fee or

gratuity whatsoever shall be given or paid to any officer of the

exchequer, for or on account of receiving or issuing any

such money.

The collector

CLXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That

maydetain

the collector of the land tax of every county, stewartry, city , of

Id. per pound place, in which any such money thall be raised as aforesaid, thall

be therivener be allowed for his pains and trouble the fum of one penny in the

he

pound, upon the whole sum so by him received and paid ;

which allowance every such collector is hereby authorised to

detain in his hands out of the money so received by him,

before payment made to the receiver general of Scotland as

aforesaid.

Clerks offup-

CLXIII. And be it further enacted, That the clerk of supply

plytotranf

mit annu-

for every county, stewartry , city, or place, shall and he is here

ally copies of by required, within fourteen days next after the first meeting

certificates re- of the commissioners of supply to be held next after the twenty-

ceived from fifth day of December, yearly, to transmit to the lord chief baron

the county

lieutenants, and other barons of his Majesty's court of exchequer in Scotland ,

and where not and also to the collector of the land tax for such county, stew-

delivered, to artry, city , or place , a copy, signed by such clerk of supply, ot

certify such omission to the every certificate which he shall have received from the lieutenant,

barons of

or any three deputy lieutenants of such county, stewartry, city ,

exchequer ,

or place as aforesaid; and where such certificate shall be omitted

and collector to be delivered, the clerk of supply shall certify such omiflion to

of the land

the lord chief baron and other barons of his Majesty's court of

tax, &c. and

exchequer in Scotland , and also to the collector of the land tax,

Aall certify omissions of commifli-

and that such clerk of supply hath certified the same to the commissioners of supply at such meeting, and required such com-

oners of

missioners to proceed according to the directions of this act; and

supply in

proceeding to such clerk of supply shall also certify what proceedings have

been

E

a

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 91. 839

been had at such meeting in relation to the affeffing and raising raisethemoney

of the said money , where the militia shall not have been raised ; where the mi-

litia has not

and incase such commissioners of supply shall omit, neglect, or been raised, ta

refuse to proceed to raise the said money according to the direc- the King's

tions of this act, then the clerk of supply of such county, stew- attorney in

artry , city , or place, shall and he is hereby required within four- exchequer,

whoshall

teen days next after such general meeting, to certify to his compel then

Majesty's attorney in exchequer in Scotland such omission, to do it .

neglect, or refusal of such commissioners, and the names of the

commissioners who shall be present , at such meeting ; and the

King's attorney in exehequer is hereby required, on receipt of

such certificate, forthwith to proceed by all such legal ways and

means as shall be most effectual and expeditious, to compel such

commissioners to pay due obedience to this act, and to cause the

said money to be raised, collected , and paid,

CLXIV. And be it further enacted, That if the said fum of If Icl. per

manbe not

ten pounds per man, to be raised and paid in any such county, raised in any

stewartry, city, or place as aforesaid , thall not be levied , col- place, and

lected, and paid into the exchequer at Westminster in manner pid into the

herein -before directed, his Majesty's attorney in exchequer in exchequer , his

Scotland is hereby required forthwith, upon knowledge or infor- Majesty's attorney in

mation thereof , to proceed , by all such legal ways and means exchequer in

as shall be most effectual and expeditious, to compel the levying Scotland, thall

and collecting of such money, and the payment thereof into the compel its

exchequer as aforesaid. beingdone.

CLXV. And be it further enacted , That if any clerk of Penalty for

neglect of

supply shall refuse or wilfully neglect to receive, deliver, make, duty in clerks

record, or transmit any such certificates as aforesaid, according of supply, col

to the directions and true meaning of this act, every such clerk lectors of land

ofsupply so offending , shall, for every such offence, forfeit and tax , chief

pay the sum of one hundred pounds, and shall also forfeit his constables , &c.

office, and be rendered incapable of having, receiving, or

holding any office of trust, civil or military, under the crown ;

and if any collector of the land tax, chief constable, petty

constable, or other officer who aught to act and assist in the

raising and collecting of the said money, thall wilfully omit,

neglect, or refuse to act or affist therein , according to the directions and true meaning of this act, every such collector of the

land tax so offending shall for every such offence forfeit and pay

thesum of two hundred pounds ; and every such chief constable

so offending, shall for every such offence forfeit and pay the sum

of fifty pounds ; and every such petty constable and other officer

so offending , shall for every such offence forfeit and pay the sum

of twenty pounds ; and the King's attorney in exchequer afore- The King's'

said shall and he is hereby required forthwith to lay the fame attorney in exchequer to

before his Majesty's advocate for Scotland , who is also hereby lay such of-

required, with all due diligence, to prosecute with effect all fences before

such commissioners of supply, collectors of the land tax , and his Majesty's

other officers , who shall omit, neglect, or refuse to perform the advocate in

Scotland, whoaduty required of them respectively by this act , touching the shallprofecute

HHH4

railing ,

840. Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. C. 91. [1802.

commissioners raising, collecting, and paying of the said money; and in case

offupply, &c. his Majesty's attorney in exchequer aforesaid shall wilfully omit

500l. penalty

onhisMa-

or delay to proceed against any such justice of the peace , collector of the land tax, or other officers as aforesaid , he shall for

jesty'sat- torney for neglect.

every such offence forfeit and pay the sum of five hundred

Provisions of

pounds . CLXVI. And be it further enacted, That the provisions of

24Geo 2. c. an act, passed in the twenty- fourth year of the reign of his late

44. to extend majesty King George the Second, intituled, An alt for the render-

to county lieutenants ing justices of the peace more safe in the execution of their office , and

and deputies . for indemnifying conflables and others acting in obedience to their

warrants, shall extend to all his Majesty's lieutenants, and to

all deputy lieutenants acting in the execution of this act, in like

manner and as fully and effectually as the fame extend to juf-

Commissons tices of the peace acting in the execution of their office .

CLXVII. And be it further enacted, That the acceptance

in militia not

tovacate feats of a commission in the militia shall not vacate the feat of any

in parliament ; member returned to serve in parliament.

Voters going CLXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no officer, non-

toelections ofcommissioned officer, drummer, or private man of the militia ,

members not shall be liable to any penalty or punishment for or on account

punishable for absence .

of his absence, during the time he shall be going to vote at any

election of a member to serve in parliament , or during the time

he shall be returning from such election.

Non- commif-

CLXIX. And be it further enacted, That no serjeant,

fion officers ,

drummers,

corporal, or drummer of the militia, nor any private man, from

and privates ,

the time of his inrolment until he shall be regularly discharged

not liable to

from the militia, shall be compelled to serve as a peace officer

serve as peace

officers .

or parish officer , or to perform any highway duty, commonly

called Statute Work.

Married mi- CLXX. And be it further enacted, That every person

litia menmay having served in the militia, when drawn out into actual service ,

setupinany

place in Greatbeing a married man , mayset up and exercise any trade in any

Britain , as town or place within Great Britain, without any let, suit , or

soldiers may molestation of or from any person or persons whomsoever, for

under 24Geo. or by reason of using or exercising such trade, as freely and

3. C. 44 .

with the fame provisions, and under the same regulations, as

any mariner or soldier can or may do by virtue of an act

passed in the twenty-fourth year of his present Majesty's

reign, intituled, An att to enable such officers, mariners, and

soldiers, as have been in the land or fea service, or in the marines,

or in the militia, or any corps offencible men, since the second year

of his present Majesty's reign , to exercise trades ; and no tuch

militia man shall be liable to be removed out of any such town

orplace.

Theamonnt

CLXXI. And be it further enacted, That the allowances tobe

ofallowances made to schoolmasters, constables, and other officers, for their

to schoolma( -

ters , &c. to be trouble in the execution of this act, shall be given as follows;

certified by (videlicet) , the amount thereof shall from time to time be certified

the county by the lieutenant of the county , stewartry, city, or place, or by

lieutenant or any

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. C. 91. 841

any two or more deputy lieutenants, to the lord chiefbaron and deputies, to

barons of the court of exchequer in Scotland , who are hereby the barons of

empowered to restrict these claims to such sums as they shall exchequer,

who

think reasonable, and to grant warrant for payment thereof out grant warrant

of the revenues of the land tax, assessed taxes, or consolidated for payment.

duties of customs and excise, or any of them, which they shall

=

think most proper to apply to this purpose.

CLXXII . And be it further enacted, That all fines, penalties, Howpenalties

shall be reco .

and forfeitures by this act imposed , the manner of recovery vered, and

whereof is not by this act particularly provided for , which how applied ,

shall exceed the sum of twenty pounds, shall be recovered by where not

action of debt , complaint , or information, in the court of ex- otherwise

directed by

chequer in Scotland , wherein no essoign, privilege, protection, this act.

wager of law, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed ; and

that all fines, penalties, and forfeitures, by this act imposed, the

manner ofrecovery whereofis not particularly provided for, which

shall not exceed the fum of twenty pounds, shall, on proof upon

oath of the offence before any two or morejustices of the peace

of the county, stewartry , city, or place where the offence thall be

committed, be levied by distress and sale of the offender's goods

and effects, by warrant under the hands of such justices, render-

-ing the overplus (ifany ) on demand, after deducting the charges

of such distress and sale, to the person whose goods and

effects shall have been so distrained and fold; and for want of

sufficient distress such justices are hereby required, in all cases

where no particular time ofcommitment is herein- before di-

rected, to commit such offender to the common gaol of the

• county, stewartry, city, or place where the offence shall have

been committed, for any time not exceeding three months ;

and the money arising by all such fines, penalties, and forfeitures,

the application whereof is not otherwise particularly directed

by this act, shall be paid to the clerk, or (where there are no

clerks ), to the commanding officers of the respective regiments,

or battalions of militia, of the respective counties, stewartries,

cities, or places where such offences shall have been respectively

committed, and thall be made part of the publick stock of

such regiments or battalions of militia respectively.

CLXXIII. And be it further enacted, That no order of No order of

conviction

conviction made by any lieutenant of any county, stewartry, shall be

city , or place, or by any two or more deputy lieutenants, or by removed out

any one deputy lieutenant together with any one justice of the of thecountya

peace, or by any justice or justices of the peace, by virtue of but proceed- ings shall be

this act, shall be removed by bill ofadvocation out of the county , forthwith had

stewartry, city, town, or place wherein such order or conviction thereupon.

shall have been made to the court of fession ; and that no bill

of advocation or suspension shall supersede execution or other

proceeding upon any such order or conviction so made in pur-

fuance of this act, but that execution and other proceedings thall

be forthwith had and made thereupon immediately upon conviction.

CLXXIV. And

842 Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. C. 91. [1802.

Limitation of

actions. CLXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any action

shall be brought against any person or persons for any thing

done in pursuance of this act, such action or suit shall be commenced within six months next after the fact committed, and not

afterwards, and shall be laid in the county , stewartry , city,

or place where the cause ofcomplaint did arise, and not elsewhere,

unless before the court of exchequer in the cases allowed by this

General issue. act ; and the defendant or defendants in every such action or

suit may plead the general issue, and give this act, and the spe-

cial matter in evidence ; and if the defendant or defendants shall

be assoilzied in any such action or suit , or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs

shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their action or suit,

after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared, or if upon

demurrer judgement shall be given against the plaintiff or

Treble costs. plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall have treble costs,

and have the like remedy for the same as any defendant hath

in other cases to recover costs by the laws of Scotland .

SCHEDULES

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 91. 843

SCHEDULES to which this Act refer.

Schedule A.

To

TAKE notice that you are hereby required within fourteen

day's from the date hereof , to prepare or produce a lift in writ-

ing, to the best of your belief , of the christian and furname of

each and every man resident in your dwelling house between

the ages of eighteen and forty-five, distinguishing every person

in your dwelling house of such age as aforesaid, claiming to be

exempt from serving in the militia , together with the ground of

every such claim of exemption; and you are to sign such lift

with your own name, and to deliver or cause the same to be

delivered to me.

Dated the day of

A. B. Constable of

Names of

Descriptions . Persons liable

to serve.

Names of

Persons

exempt.

Ground of Exemption.

Housekeeper. A. B. 60 Years of age.

C. D.

Lodger. E. F.

-

-

G. H.

P. R. Seaman.

Servants. I. K. V. S.

L. M. T. R.

Ν.Ο.

Serving by substitute.

N. B. If a house is divided in distinct stories or apart-

ments, occupied distinctly, each distinct occupier is required to

make this return .

Neglect of compliance with this notice will subject the party

to the penalty of ten pounds .

TAKE notice, that the day of

at

at the hour of in the

noon is appointed

for hearing appeals within this subdivision, by persons claiming

to be exempt from serving in the militia.

A. B. Constable of

Schedule

844 Annoregni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. C. 91. [ 1802.

Schedule B.

PARISH of

MILITIA LIST, made pursuant to the directions of an act

passed in the forty-second year of the reign of King George the

Third.

Infirmity, ifany,

Names returned. Rank or occu- pations.

likely to incapa- Ground of ex-

citate from ferv - emptionclaimed.

ing.

Names of those

not returned, or Rank or occu-

commonappel- pation, if known.

lations .

Infirmity, if

known.

Ground ofex-

emption, if

known.

NOTICE is hereby given, that the at the hour of

day of

in the noon, at

is appointed for hearing appeals ; and that all persons who

think themselves aggrieved may then appeal , and that no appeal

will afterwards be received.

A. B. Constable of

Schedule

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. c . 91. 845

Schedule C.

SUBDIVISON of in the county of

CERTIFICATE of number of men, distinguishing the

number liable and the number exempt.

Dated the

day of

Parishes, or

places.

Number of men Number ofmen

liable to serve. exempt.

Total in each

parish.

A. B.

C. D

Totals

A. B. Clerk of subdivision.

Schedule

846 Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. C. 91. [1802.

Schedule D.

RETURN of men between the age of eighteen and forty-five,

in the county of

Datedthe day of

Subdivisions .

Number ofmen Number of men Total in each

liable to serve. exempt. subdivision.

Totals

A. B. Clerk ofgeneral meetings .

Schedule

1802. ] Anno regni quadragesimosecundò GEORGII III. C. 91. Schedule E.

847

SUBDIVISION of

RETURN of Inrolment, dated the

in the county of

day of

NAMES OF MEN.

CLASSES.

Date

Parishes. of Ages

Principal . Substitutes Volunteers. Inrolment. 1ft . 2d . 3d. 4th Last .

B. Sam. Jones April 21 30

C. Tho. Smith Edw. Jones. 22

D.- Tho. Gray 23

-

-

-

--

-

-

X

X

X

X

Totals

serving.

Signed A. B. Clerk to subdivision meeting.

Schedule

848 Annoregni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. C. 91. [1802,

Schedule F.

RETURN of

of the militia of the county of

day of

company in the

datedthe

NAMES OF MEN SERVING. CLASSES.

Divisions, Parishes. Ages .

Principals. Substitutes Volunteers Ift . 2d . 3d . th. Last .

H. B. Sam.Jones. - 32

- -

-

-

Μ . H.

- -

Tho. Gray.

24

-

Tho. Smith. 26

-

X

X

X

X

X

Totals.

Signed A. B. Captain of company .

1802.] Annoregni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. c. 91. 849

Schedule G..

RETURN of private militia serving for the county of

Dated the day of

Description No. Years ofservice unexpired. No. ofmen in each class .

of of

Men. each 1. 2 . 3. 4. 5 . Ift . 2d. 3d . 4th. Last.

Principals

Substitutes -

Volunteers

Totals.

A. B. Clerk to general meetings .

VOL. XLIII . II CAP.

850 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III . c. 92. [ 1802 .

CAP. XCII.

An attfor repealingfeveral acts for establishing regulations respecting

aliens arriving in this kingdom, or resident therein, in certain cafes ;

and for substituting other provisions in lieu thereof.-[June 26,

1802.]

WHEREAS by an

aft , passed in the thirty- third year of his

33Geo. 3.

C.4.

Majesty's reign , intituled , An act for establishing regulations

respecting aliens arriving in this kingdom, or resident therein , in

certain cases, divers provisions were made respecting aliens arriving

in Great Britain, and resident therein , which act has been continued

bysubsequent acts , andamended by two several arts, passed in the thirty-

eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty: and whereas it is expedient that the saidfeveral acts should be repealed, and that otherpro-

visions should be made in lieu thereof ; be it therefore enacted by

the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and

consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this

present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same,

Aliens notde-

parting this

Thatwhen and so often as his Majesty, his heirs and successors,

realm when orderedby

shall by his or their proclamation, or by his or their order in

council, or order under his or their sign manual, or the lord lieu-

proclamation, tenant, or other chief governor or governors, and the privy coun-

& c. maybe committed to

cil of that part of his realm, or united kingdom of Great Britain

gaol.

and Ireland , called Ireland , shall , by proclamation, or by order of

council, direct that any alien or aliens, who may be within this

realm, or who may hereafter arrive therein, shall depart this

realm within a time limited in any such proclamation or order

respectively ; and any such alien shall knowinglyand wilfully re-

fuse or neglect to pay due obedience to such proclamation or or-

der respectively, or shall be found in this realm, or any part

thereof , contrary to such proclamation or order, as the cafe may

be, it shall be lawful for any of his Majesty's principal secretaries

of state , or the lord lieutenant , or other chief governor or governors of Ireland , or his or their chiefsecretary, or for anyjustice

of the peace, or for any mayor or chief magistrate of any city or

place, to cause every such alien to be arrested, and to be committed

to the common goal of the county or place where he or she shall

be so arrested, there to remain, without bail or mainprize, until

he or she shall be taken incharge for the purpose ofbeing fent

out of the realm, under the authority herein after given for that

purpose .

Penalty on

aliens diso-

II. And be it further enacted, That every such alien so know-

beying pro.

ingly and wilfully refusing or neglecting to pay due obedience to

clamations, any such proclamation or order as aforesaid, or being found in

& c.

this realm, or any part thereof , contrary to such proclamation or

order, and who shall be lawfully convicted thereof in his Majesty's courts of King's bench in Westminster or in Dublin, or in

any court of oyer and terminer, gaol delivery in England or Ireland , or great sessions in Wales, or court ofjusticiary in Scotland ,

may , at the discretion of such courts respectively , be adjudged to

suffer

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 92. 851

suffer imprisonment for any time not exceeding one monthfor the

first offence, and not exceeding twelve months for the second of-

fence, and at the expiration of any such term of imprisonment

as aforesaid, to depart out of the realm within a time to be limited

by such judgement ; and if such alien shall be found therein after

such time in such judgement so limited , without lawful cause,

such alien being duly convicted thereofin any such court as aforesaid , shall be transported for life .

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Secretaries of

one of his Majesty's principal secretaries of state, or the lord lieu-state , or the

lord lieutenant

tenant, or chiefgovernor or governors of Ireland , or his or their of Ireland, &c.

chief secretary, in any cafe in which he or they shall apprehend may grant

that any alien will not pay immediate obedience to any such pro- warrants to

clamation or order as aforesaid ; or in any case where any alien conduct such

aliens out of

shall have been arrested or committed for refusal or neglect to the kingdom,

obey any such order, or shall have been convicted of such refusal as they

or neglect, and either before or after such alien shall have suffered apprehend

the punishment inflicted for the fame, by warrant under his handwill notpay

obedience to

and seal , to give such alien in charge to one of his Majesty's proclama-

messengers, or to any other person or persons to whom he shall tions, &c.

think proper to direct such warrant, in order to his or her being

conducted out of the kingdom, and such alien shall be so conveyed

accordingly; and that in case any excuse shall be alledged by any

such alien, for not complying with such proclamation or order,

it shall be lawful for the lords of his Majesty's privy council in

Great Britain or Ireland to judge of the validity of such excuse,

and to allow or disallow the same; and such alien shall remain in

the custody of such messenger, or such other person or persons as

aforesaid, until the said lords of his Majesty's privy council shall

have signified their determination thereupon.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the master or commander Masters of

of every ship or vessel which shall arrive in any port or place ofveffels thall ,

on theirar-

this realm, shall, immediately on his arrival, declare in writing to rival , declare

the officer of the customs especially appointed for that purpose by in writing to

the respective commissioners of the customs in England , Ireland , the officer of

and Scotland respectively, or by any of his Majesty's principal se the customs

the number

cretaries of state, or by the chief secretary to the lord lieutenant, ofaliens on

or the chief governor or governors of Ireland, at or near such board, speci-

port or place, whether there are or is to the best of his knowledge, fying their

any alien or aliens on board his said vessel, or who have , to his names and

knowledge, landed or been landed therefrom, and shall in his said descriptions.

declaration specify the number of aliens, if any, on board his said

vessel, or who have to his knowledge landed or been so landed

therefrom, and also specify their names and respective rank, occupation, or description, as far as he shall be informed thereof.

V. And be it further enacted, That the master or commander Master neg-

of every ship or vessel so arriving as aforesaid, who shall refuse or lecting to

make such

neglect to make such declaration as aforesaid, shall, for every such declaration

offence, forfeit and pay the sum often pounds for each and every shall forfeit

alien who shall have been on board at the time of the arrival of 10l. for each

such ship or vessel, or who shall have to his knowledge landed or have had on

alien he shall

1112

beenboard .

1

852 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III.C.92 . [1802.

been landed therefrom as aforesaid, whom he shall have wilfully

refused or neglected to declare as aforesaid ; and in case such

master or commander as aforesaid shall neglect or refuse forthwith

to pay such penalty as he shall be adjudged to pay in manner aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the officer of the customs, so appointed

as aforesaid, to detain such ship or vessel as aforesaid, until the

same shall have been paid.

Actnot to extend to ma-

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing

riners , certi- herein-before contained shall extend, or be construed to extend,

fied to be em- to any mariner whom the master or commander of any ship or

ployed in the vessel arriving in any port or place in this realm, shall certify to

navigation of

the ship.

such officer of the customs as aforesaid, in writing, subscribed by

such master or commander, to be actually engaged and employed

in the navigation of such ship or vessel, during the time that such

mariner shall remain so actually engaged and employed ; and

which certificate, in writing, so subscribed as aforesaid, every such

master or commander as aforesaid is hereby required to give.

Aliens on

VII . And be it further enacted, That every alien who shall ar-

their arrival,

and on their

rive in this realm at any port or place therein, after the passing

departure,

of this act , shall, immediately after such arrival, declare in writ-

shall declare

ing to such officer of the customs as aforesaid, at or near such

in writing to

port or place, the name of the ship or vessel in which he or the

the officer of

thecustoms

shall have come to this country, and every alien who shallso ar-

their names,

rive, and also every alien who shall depart from any port or place

descriptions , of his realm, and after the passing of his act, shall immediately,

andoccupa-

tions,&c. after such arrival, or before such departure respectively, declare in

like manner to such officer as aforesaid, his or her name and rank,

occupation or description, or if a domestick servant, then also the

name, rank, and description of his or her master or mistress, or

shall verbally make to such officer as aforesaid such declaration, to

be by him reduced to writing, and shall also in like manner de-

clare the country or place from whence he or she shall then have

come, and the place to which he or she is then going , his or her

profession or occupation, and the name and place ofabode of the

Penalty on

aliens arriv-

person to whom (if any) he or the is known; and that every such

ing, who shall alien coming into this realm, who shall neglect to makedeclaration

neglect to

of the aforesaid particulars, or who shall wilfully make any false

inake such

declaration thereof , may for every such offence, on conviction

declaration , thereof in his Majesty's court ofKing's bench at Westminister or

or shall make

a false one. in Dublin, or in any court of oyer and terminer, and gaol deli.

very in England or Ireland, or great sessions in Wales, orjusticiary

court in Scotland , be imprisoned for any time not exceeding three

months, or may at the discretion of such court , be adjudged to

depart out of this realm, and all other his Majesty's dominions,

within a time to be limited in such judgement ; and if he or the

shall be found therein after such time in such judgement so li-

mited, without lawful cause ,he or she shall, being duly convicted

thereof , be imprisoned for any term not exceeding twelve months,

and at the expiration of such term of imprisonment as aforesaid,

to be fent out of the realm ; and if such alien be found therein

after such time in such judgement so limited, without lawful cause, such

1802 ] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 92. 853

such alien, being duly convicted thereof in any such court as

aforesaid , shall be transported for life.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the officer of the Officer of the

customs so appointed as aforesaid, to whom such declaration customs shall

register such

shall be made, or particulars delivered as aforesaid, shall imme - declarations

diately register the fame in abook to be kept by him for that in a book .

purpose; in which book certificates shall be printed in blank ,

and counterparts thereof , in the form following :

Form of cer.

tificate.

Alien's

Ship'sname. name and description .

From Whither

whence. going.

Profession ,

Towhom

&c . known. Remarks.

Alien's

From Whither

Ship'sname name and description .

whence. going.

Profession ,

&c . To whom known.

And shall insert therein the several particulars by this act required , in their proper columns in both parts thereof , express-

ing such particulars as shall be inserted in the column of

remarks, which shall be entered only in one of such columns,

and shall then and there cut off one part thereof , through the

Aourish or device between the two parts thereof , and deliver,

without fee or other charge, one part, containing all the particulars contained in such entry, excepting such thereof as shall

be contained in the column of remarks, to the alien who shall

have made such declaration, or delivered such particulars according to the provisions of this act ; and the officer keeping

or having the care of such book, shall also enter, or cause to

be entered therein, an alphabetical list and index of the names of

1113

854 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 92. [1802.

of the aliens, in respect of whom such entries shall be made

therein as aforesaid .

Aliens(except IX . And be it further enacted, That every alien arriving in

domestick fer- this realm after the passing of this act, except such domestick

vants) shall,

within aweek servants as aforesaid, shall, within one week after his or her

after their

arriving at the place which shall be expressed in the certificate

arrival, pro- delivered to him or her as aforesaid, as the place to which he

duce their

certificates to or the proposes to go, produce such certificate to the chief

the chief

magistrate of the town or place in which he or she shall be ; and

magistrate of if there be no chief magistrate in such town or place, then,

theplace , or and in such case , to some one of the justices of the peace in

toajustice; and for the county, city, town, or district in which such alien

or where the

certificate is shall be, or to such person or persons as shall be authorised to

loft, deliver in that effect by such chief magistrate or justice, as the cafe may

anaccount of be, by warrant under his hand and seal ; or in case such cer-

the particu- tificate shall be lost, shall deliver a full and true account of all

lars.

the particulars that shall have been contained in such certificate ;

and that every such alien as aforesaid, who shall so neglect or

refuse to produce such certificate as aforesaid, or deliver such

account as aforesaid, or who shall wilfully deliver any false

account to such magistrate or justice respecting any of the

particulars herein- before mentioned, on conviction thereof

before any two of his Majesty's justices of the peace for the

county, city, town, or district in which such alien shall be, may

be adjudged, at the discretion of such justices, for the first

offence to suffer imprisonment for anytime not exceeding one

month, and for the second offence to depart out of the realm

within a time to be limited by such justices ; and if such alien

Penalty for neglecting to

shall be found therein after such time so limited , without lawful

do fo .

cause , he or she shall , being duly convicted thereof , be tranf-

ported for life.

Justices shall

X. And be it further enacted, That if any certificate issued

grant certifi-

to any alien by virtue of this act, shall be loft, mislaid, or de-

cates in lieu

of such as

stroyed, and such alien shall produce to one of his Majesty's

shall appear to

justices of the peace, from the officers of the customs to ap-

beloft ,&c.

pointed as aforesaid , at the port where such alien shall have

arrived, or from the office of one of his Majesty's principal

secretaries of state, or from the office of the chief secretary of

the lord lieutenant, or of the chief governor or governors of

Ireland , a copy of the passport or certificate so loft, mislaid, or

destroyed, and shall make it appear, to the satisfaction of such

justice , that he or she is the person named in such pafsport or

certificate , and that the fame has been loft , mislaid, or destroyed ,

without his or her wilful neglect or default, it shall and maybe

lawful for such justice , and is hereby required to grant to such

alien a fresh passport or certificate, which shall be of the like

1

force and effect as the passport or certificate so loft, mislaid, or

destroyed.

Officer of the

J

XI. And be it further enacted, That every such custom

customs, and house officer shall every week, or oftener if he thinks fit or be

whomaretto required, and every magistrate or justice to whomanyfuch cer tificate

certi.

1

2 .

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 92. 855

tificate or account shall be produced or delivered as aforesaid ficates shall be

produced ,

shall , within one week after the same shall have been fo pro - pallweekly

duced or delivered as aforesaid, transmit , if in Great Britain to transmit

one of his Majesty's principal secretaries of state , and if in copies of

Ireland to the chief secretary of the lord lieutenant, or other entries and

chiefgovernor or governors of Ireland, true and exact copies of certificates to

the secretary

all such entries, certificates, and accounts respectively made by of state, &c.

or delivered to any such custom house officer, magistrate, or

justice respectively, by virtue of this act.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all certificates and No fee to be

taken for

notices herein- before required to be given by any officer of the granting cer-

customs appointed for that purpose, or by anyjustice or justices tificates ,

on

of the peace or other magistrates respectively, shall be given penalty ofsol.

without any fee or reward whatsoever ; and every such officer of

the customs, or magistrate or justice of the peace, or other

person who shall take any fee or reward, or sum of money, of

any alien for any certificate, or other matter or thing under

this act, shall forfeit, for every such offence , the fum of fifty

pounds ; and every officer of the customs appointed for that Officers of the

purpose as aforesaid, who shall refuse or neglect to make any fecting to customs neg-

such entry as aforesaid, or grant any certificate thereon in pur- makeentry, or

fuance of the provision of this act, or shall knowingly make any togrant cer-

false entry, or neglect to return the copies thereof in manner tificates , &c.

directed by this act, shall forfeit , for every such offence, the sum shall forfeit

of one hundred pounds. 100l.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall Penalty on

wilfully forge, counterfeit, or alter, or cause to be forged, persons forg-

counterfeited, or altered, or shall utter , knowing the same to be ins pafsports or

forged , counterfeited, or altered, any certificate herein directed certificates,

to be obtained, or shall obtain any such certificate under any

other name or description than the true name and description of

such alien (without disclosing to the person granting such certificate the true name and description of such alien, and the

reason for concealing the same), or shall falsely pretend to be

the person intended to be named and described in any such certificate, every person so offending , being lawfully convicted

thereof , shall suffer imprisonment in the common gaol for any

time not exceeding one year.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Ambassadors,

foreign ambassador or other publick minister duly authorised , &c. not to

be deemed

nor the domestick servants of any such foreign ambassador or aliens.

publick minister, registered as such according to the directions of

the laws in force for that purpose, or being actually attendant

upon such ambassador or minister, shall be deemed an alien

within the meaning of this act.

XV. Provided also, that nothing in this act contained shall Act not to ex-

affect any alien in respect of any act done or omitted to be tend to aliens

done, who shall make it appear that he or she was not above the not more than

14years old.

age of fourteen years at the time when such act was so done or Proofwhether

omitted to be done: provided always, that if any question shall any person is

1114

arise or is not an

--

856 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 92. [ 1802.

alien shall lie arise whether any person alledged to be an alien, and fsubject to

on the party. the provisions of this act, or any of them, is an alien , or not,

or is or is not an alien subject to the said provisions or any of

them, the proof that such person is, or by law is to be deemed

to be a natural- born subject of his Majesty, or denizen of this

kingdom, or naturalized by act of parliament, or if an alien is

not subject to the provisions in this act contained, or any of

them, by reason of anyexception contained in this act, or which

shall be expressed in any proclamation or order in council as

aforesaid, or in any special warrant from one of his Majesty's

principal secretaries of state, or from the lord lieutenant , or

other chief governor or governors of Ireland , or his or their

chief secretary as aforesaid, shall lie on the person so alledged

to be an alien, and to be subject to the provisions of this act ,

some or one of them.

Justices of the

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in

courts of

every cafe in which power is given bythis act to commit any

Westminster alien to gaol, without bail or mainprize, it shall , and may be

orDublin, &c .

may admit lawful for any of the justices of his Majesty's courts of record

aliens to bail , at Westminster or in Dublin, or for any of the barons in Great

Britain or Ireland , being of the degree of the coif , or for the

lord justice clerk, or any of the commissioners of justiciary in

Scotland , if upon application made he shall see sufficient cause to

presume that such person is not within the description limited

by this act in the different cases herein mentioned, to admit such

person to bail, he or she giving sufficient security for his or her

appearance to answer the matters alledged against him or her.

asmay also

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it

any justice, by

shall be lawful for any justice of the peace to admit anyalien

authority of a

secretary of

to bail who shall have been committed by virtue of this act,

state, &c.

such justice being authorised so to do by warrant of one of his

Majesty's principal secretaries of state , or of the lord lieutenant,

or other chief governor or governors of Ireland , or his or their

chief secretary, for that purpose, specifying the security to be

taken by such justice.

Whenquef-

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That in all cafes con .

tions arise

cerning the execution of this act, when any question shall arise

whether any whether any person is or is not an alien born, not having

person is or is

not an alien , obtained letters patent of denization, nor having been natu-

adomestick ralized by act of parliament , is or is not such a domestick fer-

servant, &c. vant as aforesaid , the proof of being a natural-born subject of

proofshall lie his Majesty, his heirs and successors, or of being a denizenby

on the party . letters patent, or of naturalization by act of parliament, or of

being such a domestick servant as aforesaid, shall lie upon the

person touching whom such question shall so arise.

Whenpersons XIX. And be it further enacted, That in all cases in which

shail be ad-

judgedto be any person shall be adjudged to be transported in pursuance of

transported , this act, the transportation shall be adjudged to be, and shall be

theplace shall tofuch place or places as his Majesty, with the advice of his

be that which

privy

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 92. 857

privy council in Great Britain , or the lord lieutenant, or other his Majesty,

chief governor or governors of Ireland , and privy council in &c. thall

Ireland , shall direct or appoint. appoint.

XX . And be it further enacted, That in case any person Persons or-

ordered or adjudged to be transported in pursuance of this act,

dered to be

thall escape out of custody previous to such sentences of tranf- transported,

portation being carried into execution , or shall, after having wards found

been transported, be found at large within this realm, he or the within the

shall be deemed guilty of felony , and shall suffer death as a felon realm, shall be

withoutbenefit ofclergy. deemedguilty

XXI. And whereas by a treaty made between bis Majesty and the

of felony ,&c.

French republick, bis Catholick Majesty, and the Batavian republick, it

was agreed that the contracting parties shall, on requisitions made by

them respectively , or by their ministers or officers duly authorised to

make the fame, deliver up tojustice , persons accused ofcrimes ofmur-

der , forgery, orfraudulent bankruptcy, committed within the jurisdiction of the requiring party ; provided that this shall be done only when

the evidence of the criminality shall be so authenticated as that the

laws of the country where the person so accused shall be found , would

justify his apprehension and commitment for trial , if the offence had

been there committed; and that the expences of such apprehension and

deliveryshall be borne anddefrayed by those who make the requisition :

and whereas it is expedient that provisions should be made for carry-

ing the fame into effect : be it therefore enacted, That in case In cafe ofre-

requisition shall at any time be made in pursuance of and acquisition made

cording to the said article for the delivery of any person ac treaty be- pursuant to

cusedof the crime of murder, or of torgery, or of fraudulent tween his

bankruptcy respectively, committed after the conclusion of the Majesty and

said treaty , within the jurisdiction of the French republick, his the French

Catholic Majesty , or the Batavian republick respectively, it shall republick, &c.

for the

be lawful for one of his Majesty's principal secretaries of state , delivery of

and the chief secretary of the chief governor or governors of persons

Ireland , by warrant under his hand and seal, to signify that such accused of

requisition has been so made , and to require all justices of the of the fecre- crimes, one

peace, and other magistrates and officers of justice , to govern taries offtate,

themselves accordingly, and to be aiding and assisting in ap- &c. shall

prehending the person so accused, and committing such person signify the

for the purpose of being delivered up tojustice, according to the quire magif-

fame , and re-

provisions in the said article; and thereupon it shall be lawful trates , &c. to

for any justice of the peace , or other person having power to apprehend the

commit for trial persons accused of crimes against the laws of persons ac-

this kingdom, to examine upon oath any persons or person cufed, and

deliver themtouching the truth of such charge , and upon such evidence as, over to juf-

according to the laws of this kingdom, would justify the ap - tice.

prehension and commitment for trial of the person so accused,

ifthe crime of which he shall be so accused had been committed

in this kingdom, it shall be lawful for such justice of the peace,

or other person having power to commit as aforesaid, to commit the person so accused to his Majesty's gaol, there to remain

until delivered pursuant to such requisition as aforesaid ; and

thereupon it shall be lawful for one of his Majesty's secretaries

of

858 Annoregni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 92. [ 1802.

of state , by warrant under his hand and seal , to order the person

so committed to be delivered to such person or persons as shall

be authorisfed bythe said French republick, his Catholick Majesty,

or the Batavian republick, as the cafe may be, to receive the

person socommitted, and convey such person to the dominions of

the said French republick, his Catholick Majesty , or the Batavian

republick, as the cafe may be, to be tried for the crime of which

such person shall be so accused, or if the person so accused shall

escape out of any custody to which he shall be committed

as aforesaid, it shall be lawful to retake such person in the same

manner as any person accused of any crime against the laws of

this kingdom may be retaken upon an escape, so that such

person so accused as aforesaid may be effectually delivered up to

justice, according to the true intent and meaning of the said

article of the said treaty.

When aliens XXII . Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, ' That where

have been in any alien who shall have been committed under this act, to

custody for

twomonths, remain until he or she shall be taken in charge for the purpose

in order to be of being sent out of the realm, shall not be fent out of the realm

fent out of the within two calendar months after such commitment, or where

realm, justices

reate courts , any alien who shall have been committed as aforesaid, toremain

&c. may, on

until delivered pursuant to such requisition as aforesaid, shall not

proofbeing madethat

be delivered pursuant to such requisition as aforesaid within two

notice had

calendar months after such commitment, it small, in every such

beengiven of

cafe, be lawful for any of the justices of his Majesty's court of

suchappli- cation to a

record at Westminster or in Dublin, or for any of the barons in

Great Britain or Ireland, being of the degree of the coif , or for

secretary of

the lord justice clerk, or any of the commissioners of justiciary

state, either continue

in Scotland, upon application made to him or them by or on the

in custody,

behalf of the person so committed, and upon proof made to him

or discharge

or them that reasonable notice of the intention to make such

such aliens .

application had been given to some or one of his Majesty's

principal secretaries of state in Great Britain, or to the lord lieu-

tenant or chief governor or governors of Ireland , or his or their

chief secretary, according to his or their discretion , to order

the person so committed to be continued in or discharged out of

custody .

So much of

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That so much of an act,

38Geo. 3. c. passed in the thirty-eighth year aforesaid, as exempts certain

as exempts

certainpersons persons therein described from being arrested, imprisoned , or

frombeing held to bail , or to find any caution for their forthcoming , or

arrested, shall paying any debt, or to be taken in execution on any judgement,

be perpetual. or by anycaption for any such debt as is therein mentioned and

described , shall be , and the fame is hereby made perpetual.

Penalties, how XXIV. And be it further enacted, That all pecuniary

tobe reco-

vered and

penalties by this act imposed, exceeding the sum often pounds ,

applied .

shall be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information,

in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster or in

Dublin, or the courts of great session inWales, or the courts of

the counties palatine of Chester, Lancaster , and Durham, or by

action, or summary bill or information, in the courts ofjuftici-

ary

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 92. 859

ary or exchequer in Scotland , as the case shall require, wherein

no essoign , privilege , protection, or wager of law, nor more than

one imparlance, shall be allowed ; and all pecuniary penalties

bythis act imposed, not exceeding the fum often pounds, shall,

onconviction of the offender upon oath before any justice of the

peace of the county, riding, stewartry, city, town, or place

where the offence shall be committed, be levied by distress and

sale of the offender's goods and chattels, by warrant under the

hand and seal of such justice, rendering to such offender the

overplus (if any) on demand, after deducting the charges of such

distress and sale; and for want of sufficient distress, such justice

is hereby required to commit such offender to the common goal

of the county, riding, stewartry, city, town, or place where such

offence ce shall be committed, for any time not exceeding fix

calendar months ; and that no writ of Certiorari, or of advoca-

tion or suspension, shall be allowed to remove the proceedings of

the said justice, touching the pecuniary penalties aforesaid , or

to supersede or suspend execution or other proceeding there-

upon. XXV. And be it further enacted, That the inhabitants of any Parishioners

parish, township, or place, shall be deemed and taken to be com- may bewit-

petent witnesses for the purpose of proving the commission of nesses , though

partof the

- any offence against this act, within the limits of such parith, penaltybe

township, or place, notwithstanding any part of the penalty given to the

incurred by such offence, is given or applicable to the poor of poor of the

such parish, township, or place. parish.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any person or per- Limitation of

sons shall at any time be sued or prosecuted for any thing by actions .

him or them done or executed in pursuance or by colour of his

act, or of any matter or thing therein contained, such action or

prosecution shall be commenced within the space ofthree calendar

months next after the offence shall be committed , and such per-

fon or persons shall and may plead the general issue, and give the General issue.

special matter in evidence for his or their defence ; and if upon

trial a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the

plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or shall discontinue

his or their suit or prosecution, or if judgement be given for the

defendant or defendants upon demurrer or otherwise, such

【

defendant or defendants shall have treble costs to him or them Treble costs.

awarded against the plaintiff or plaintiffs .

1

XXVII. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby further Powers given

enacted, That the powers and authority given by this act to the to the lord

lieutenant of

!

lord lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland, Ireland , &c.

or his or their chief secretary, or to the privy council of Ireland , not to extend

shall not extend , or be held or deemed to extend, to the cafe ofto the cafe of

any alien arriving or being in that part of this realm or united aliens arriv-

kingdom called Great Britain ; and that the powers and authority ing in Great

Britain.

given by this act to any justice of the peace , mayor, or chief Magistrates

magistrate of any city , town, or place, shall not extend, or be shall act withe

construed to extend, to give to such magistrates any authority to in the limits

act of theirjurif- dictions.

860 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 93. [1802 .

act beyond the limits of their respective jurisdictions ; any thing

in this act contained to the contrary notwithstanding .

Act maybe

altered or repealed this

session .

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That this act ,

or any of the provisions therein contained, may be altered ,

varied, or repealed, by any act or acts to be passed in this present

session of parliament.

CAP. XCIII.

An actfor exempting from the auction duty estates and effects bought

in for the owner , and goods imported in any Britishship from any

British colony in America, or from any part of the united states ;

for better collecting andfecuring the duties ofexcise on wine , bome-

made spirits, starch, auctioneers, rum shipped as fores, and on

goods or merchandize chargeable with duties of excise ; for granting

àfurther allowance of falt in the curing andpreserving ofpilchards

and feads and for allowing certain draining tiles to be made fru

ofduty. [June 26, 1802.]

19Geo. 3. c.

WHEREAS by an act, made in the nineteenth year of the

reign of hispresent Majesty , intituled , An act for altering,

56.

amending , and enforcing, so much of an act, made in the seven-

teenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled , ' An

act for granting to his Majesty certain duties on licences to be

taken out by all persons acting as auctioneers, and certain rates

and duties on all lands, houses, goods, and other things fold by

auction, and upon indentures, leases, bonds, deeds, and other

instruments, ' as relates to the method of granting licences to

auctioneers, and to the collecting the duties on estates and goods

foldby auction, it is amongst other things provided , that in cafe the

real owner of any estate , goods, or effects, put up to sale by way of

auction, shall become the purchaser by means of his own bidding, or

the bidding of any other person on his behalf or for his use , atfuch

sale , withoutfraud or collusion , then the respective commissioners of

excise in Great Britain , and the collectors, supervisors, and other

officers therein mentioned , are thereby authorised and required to make

an allowance to such owner of the duties upon such bidding ; provided p

notice be given to the auctioneer before such bidding, both by the

owner and the person intending to be the bidder, of the latter being

appointed by theformer , and having agreed accordingly to bid at the

Salefor the use and behoof of the feller , and providedfuch notice be

verified by the oath of the auctioneer , as also thefairness and reality

of thesaid transaction, to the best of his knowledge and belief : and

whereas by another act , made in the twenty- eighth year of the reign

of his present Majesty, among other things, for amending several

laws relative to the revenue of excise, it was enacted , that nofuch

allowance should be made unless notice in writing , signed by the

owner, and the person intended to be the bidder of the latter , being

appointed by the former , and having agreed accordingly to bid at the

falefor the use and beboof of the feller , should have been given to the

auctioneer before such bidding, nor unless such delivery of such notice

should be verified upon the oath of the auctioneer, as also thefairnes of

1082.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 93. 861

of the transaction, to the best of his knowledge: and whereas divers

estates , goods, and effects , have been put up tofale by way ofauction,

and have been bought in for the respective owners, either by the

bidding of the agents of such owners, or by the bidding of persons

under notices in writing not signed by the several owners themselves,

but signed by the agents of such owners, and also byfuch persons in-

tended to be the bidders of the latter , being appointed by the agents of

such owners, and having agreed accordingly to bid at such respective

sales for the use and behoof of thefellers ; and instances of the fame

- kind may frequently occur infuture, and it is expedient to makefuch

provision in respect thereof as is herein-after mentioned; be it there-

fore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty , by and with

the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and

commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the fame, That an allowance of the auction duty shall Anallowance

be made to the owner on any estate, goods, or effects, for or in of the auction

respect whereof the auction duties shall not have been actually duty shall be

made to the

paid, and which have been or shall be put up to sale by way of owners of

auction, and bought in for the owner , either by the steward or estates put up

known agent of the owner, and actually employed in the to auction

when

management of the sale of such estate, goods, or effects, or in for theugt

under a notice in writing , signed as well by any such steward notice having

or agent actually employed as aforesaid , as by the person in- beenprevi-

tended to be the bidder of the latter, being appointed by the ously given of

former , and having agreed accordingly to bid at the sale for the intention to

bid , and ve-

ufe and behoof of the feller : provided always nevertheless, that rified on oath

no such allowance shall be made for or in respect of any such &c.

estate, goods, or effects, bought in for the owner by any such

steward or agent, unless notice in writing, signed by such

steward or agent, of his the said steward or known agent's being

about to bid for such owner , shall have been given to the auctioneer before such bidding , and such delivery of such notice,

so signed as aforesaid, shall be verified upon the oath of the

auctioneer, and also the fairness and reality of the transaction ,

to the best of his knowledge and belief : provided also, that no

such allowance shall be made for in respect of such estate, goods ,

or effects, bought in for the owner under any such notice in

writing, signed as well by such steward or agent as aforesaid, as

by the person intended to be the bidder , unless such notice shall

have been given to the auctioneer before such bidding , and

such delivery of such last mentioned notice , so signed as aforesaid, shall be verified upon the oath of the auctioneer, as also

the fairness and reality of the transaction, to the best of his

knowledge and belief.

II. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no allow- Such notice

-ance of the auction duty for or in respect of any estate or effects shall be pro-

whatever , shall be made on account of any estate or effects duced by the

auctioneer to

having been bought in for the owner under any written notice, the officer of

unless such notice shall, at the time appointed by law for the excite, and in

auctioneer's passing his account of such sale , be produced bythe cafe ofdifpute

auctioneer to the proper collector, or other officer ofexcife au-

aboutthe

fairness of thethorised

862 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. с. 93. [1802.

transaction

proofshall lie

on the auctioneer.

thorised to pass the account of such sale , nor unless such notice

shall be left with such collector or other officer ; and in cafe any

dispute shall arise, whether such purchase by or for the owner

was not made by collufion, or in order to lessen the full fum

appointed by the acts of parliament in that case made and provided to be paid, or concerning the fairness of such transaction,

then and in such cafes the proof thereof shall lie upon the per-

۱

son acting as auctioneer ; and on failure therein , or in case of

any unfair practice, then no such allowance shall be made as

aforesaid; any thing in this or in any other act of parliament

contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And whereas it is expedient to exempt certain goods, wares ,

merchandize, and effects herein- after mentioned , from the duty on

Goods im-

auctions; be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the

in

Bortedverrels passing of this act, all goods, wares, merchandize, and effects

from anyBri- imported in any British ship or vessel from any British colony or

tith colony in settlement in America, or from any part of the united states of

America, or America, shall and may be fold by auction free of the duty im-

from the uni- posed by law on goods and effects fold by auction: provided

tedstates , maynevertheless, that nothing in this act contained shall extend, or

befoldby

auction duty. be deemed or construed to extend , to authorise the sale of any

free , provided such goods or effects free of the said duty , unless on the first

it be the first faleof such goods or effects by or for the account of the ori

sale on account of the ginal importer thereof , by whom the fame were entered at the

importer, &c. custom house at the port of importation, nor unless such sale

shall be made within twelve months next after the time when

such goods or effects shall have been so imported.

IV. And whereas by an act made in the twenty - sixth year of the

26Geo. 3. c. reign of his present Majesty, intituled , An act for repealing certain

59.

duties now payable on wines imported, and for granting new

duties in lieu thereof , to be collected under the management of

the commissioners of excise, it was enacted, that all dealers in and

fellers of foreign wine, otherwise than by wholesale , whoshould have

or receive into his, her , or their custody any cyder, spirituous liquors,

or other liquors, should keep the sameseparate and apart from foreign

wine , under the penalty and forfeiture in and by the said alt in that

behalf provided : and whereas it is expedient that all and every

dealer or dealers in, orfeller orfellers of foreign wine, otherwise than

by wholesale, who shall have or receive into his, her, or their custody

any cyder , spirituous liquors, or other liquors, should keep the fame

Separate and apart, and in separate cellars, vaults, or other places

Dealers in

from their foreign wine ; be it therefore enacted, That all and

foreign wine, we, everydealer or dealers in, or feller or fellers of foreign wine (other

otherwisethan than such dealers in foreign wine by wholesale as mentionedinthe

bywholesale,

who shall have said act), who shall have or receive into his, her, or their

in their cufto- custody anycyder, spirituous liquors, or other liquors, shall keep

dy any cyder, the same separate and apart , and in separate warehouses , store-

spirits,

Other liquors, houses, rooms, shops, cellars, vaults, or other places, from their

shall keep the foreign wine, upon pain of forfeiting the sum of ten thillings

fameintepa- for every gallon of cyder, spirituous liquors, or other liquors ,

Jate places which shall be found in any warehouse, storehouse, room, shop,

from thewine, pain offor cellar, vault , or other place, where any dealer or dealers in or feller ,

!

1

i

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 93. 863

feller or fellers of foreign wine, otherwise than by wholesale as feiture of such

aforesaid , shall have or keep any foreign wine , together with all cyder, &c.

and ros . for

such cyder, spirituous liquors, and other liquors, and the cafks, every gallon

bottles , jars, vessels , and other packages containing the same; thereof.

and such cyder, spirituous liquors, and other liquors, casks ,

bottles, jars, vessels, and packages, shall and may be seized by

anyofficer or officers of excise.

V. And whereas by the said act , made in the twenty- sixth year

aforesaid , it was enacted, that all and every dealer and dealers in, and

Jeller orfellers of foreign wine by wholesale, should , before he, she,

or they should begin to draw off or bottle any foreign wine, give to

the officer of excise, under whose survey such dealer or dealers, or

feller or sellers, should then be, six hours notice in writing, within

the limits of the chief office of excise in London, and twelve hours

notice in writing in other places in Great Britain, of his, her, or

their intention to draw offor bottle anyforeign wine , and of the time

when, and the particular warehouse , storehouse, room, pop, cellar,

vault, or other place in which suchforeign wine was intended to be

drawn off or bottled, and the quantity thereof , and into how many

cafks, bottles, or other vessels the same was intended to be drawn off

or bottled, and iffuch wineso intended to be drawn off or bottled

should be French wine, whether the fame was French red wine or

French white wine, or ifsuch wine so intended to be drawn off or

bottledshould not be French wine , whether the same was foreign red

wine not French, orforeign white wine not French, and from what

particular cask or other vessel, or casks or other vessels, such wine

was intended to be drawn off or bottled ; and thatfuch officer should ,

ifheshould deem it expedientso to do, attend to feefuchforeign wine

drawn offor bottled , and that the sameshould be drawn off or bottled

in the presence of such officer, ifhe should attend pursuant tofuch no-

tice; and that such wineshould also be packed or piled in the presence of

the officer ofexcise under whosesurveyfuch dealer or dealers, orfeller

orfellers, should then be, or indefault of the same being packed or piled

in the presence of such officer, such dealer or dealers , or feller or

fellers, should immediately, uponfuch wine being drawn off or bottled

as aforesaid, or in cafe the officershould not be then present, then upon

such officer's nextsurvey, make tofuch officer a declaration into what

bin , or in what particular part of his warehouses, storehouses, rooms,

Shops , cellars, vaults, or other entered places, such wine was intended

to be, or should have been packed , piled , or deposited , and whenfuch

dealer or dealers, feller arfellers, intended to pack, pile, or deposit the

fameaccording tofuch declaration, andfuch wineshould be piled or de-

posited according to such declaration ; and that no foreign wineshould

be removed from the bin or place in which the same should be packed ,

piled , or deposited , according to the directions of that act , into any other

bin or place in any such warebouses, storehouses, rooms, shops, cellars,

vaults, or other enteredplaces , before such dealer or dealers, feller or

fellers , should have given to such officer six hours notice in writing

within the limits of the said chief office , and twelve hours notice

in writing in other places in Great Britain, of bis, her, or

their intentionso to remove the fame, and of the particular bin or place

in anyfuch warehouses, storehouses, rooms , shops, cellars, vaults, or other

864 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 93. [1802.

The regula- other places to which the fame was intendedfo to be removed, under

tionsberein

mentioned

andfubject to the penalty offifty pounds, by the said act imposed and

directed by 26 provided for any breach or disobedience of the faidfeveral recited re-

Geo. 3. c. 59. gulations and provisions ,subject nevertheless to certain provifnes in the

tobeobservedsaid ast in that behalf contained : and whereas it is expedient to ex-

bywholesale tend the said several regulations and provisions in the said recited

dealers in fo-

reign wine, in clause contained , to all dealers in and fellers of foreign wine's ; be it

drawing off therefore enacted, That the said several regulations and provisions,

wine , and together with the said penalty of fifty pounds in the said re-

afterwards de- cited clause contained, for any breach or disobedience of any of

positing and removing the the said regulations or provisions, and also the said provisoes, with

1

fame, shall be the alterations by this act made therein , thall and the same are

extended to

hereby declared to extend to all and every dealer and dealers

all dealers in

foreignwine.

in , and feller and fellers of foreign wine.

VI. And whereas it is expedient to grant permits to all dealers in

andfellers of foreign wine for the removal oval of foreign wine ; be it

Permits may

therefore further enacted, That permits shall and may fromtime

be granted to

to time be granted to all dealers in and fellers of foreign wine ,

all dealers for

the removal

for the removal of foreign wine, in the same manner, and under

of foreign winein the

and subject to such rules, regulations, restrictions , provisions,

fines , penalties , and forfeitures, as are in and by the said act, made

manner

granted to

in the twenty-sixth year aforesaid, contained, provided, fettled,

wholesale

dealers .

or established, concerning permits by that act authorised or di-

rected to be granted or given to dealers in and fellers of foreign

wine by wholesale, for the removal of wine ; and all and singular

the said fines, penalties, and forfeitures, are hereby declared to

extend to all cases relating to permits authorised to be granted

by this act.

VII. And whereas by an act , made in thesecondyear of his present

2Geo. 3. c. 5. Majesty's reign , among other things, for the better regulating andin-

couraging the exportation of British-madespirits, it was providedand

enacted, that nothing in that aft containedshould extend tohinder any

maker of spirits for exportation ,from sending suchspirits (as are in

the said acts in that behalfparticularly mentioned), out of his locked-

up warehouse to any other distiller, providedfuch maker of spirits

fending the fame , and the distiller who should receive the fame, did ,

before suchspirits were taken out of the warehouse, give such bond

as was in the said act in that behalf directed, in double the value of

JuchSpirits , and double the duties they would have been liable to ifmade

forhome consumption, for the due andfair exportation of suchspirits ,

within the time in that behalf by the said att prescribed , and under

andfubject to the other regulations in and by the said act in that

behalfprovided: and whereas by the laws inforce at the time ofmak-

ing the said alt, the said duties, in the said act in that behalf mentioned , were chargeable upon the low wines and spirits made for home

consumption, but the duties on low wines andspirits made for home

consumption were, by an act made in the twenty- seventh year of the

reign of bis present Majesty, among other things, for repealing the

duties of customs and excise , and granting other duties in lieu thereof ,

repealed , and in lieu and lead thereof , other duties are by the acts

now inforce imposedfor fermented wort or wash , brewed or madein

that

1

1802.] Annoregni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III.c.93 . 865

that part of Great Britain called England, for extracting spirits for

home consumption, and on other matters and things in that part of

Great Britain called Scotland, and in the said acts in that behalf

particularly mentioned , and it is therefore expedient that every such

bondshould be in double the duties which would have been chargeable

foror in respect of such quantities offermented wort or wash as is

herein-after mentioned, in lieu and instead of such double duties of

spirits , and to impose such other penalties, and make such provisions ,

as herein -after in that behalf directed; be it therefore further en-

acted , That, from and after the passing of his act, every maker Makers offpi-

offpirits for exportation, fending any such spirits out of his rits for ex-

locked -up warehouse to any other distiller, and the distiller who portation

shall receive the fame , shall , in lieu and stead of the said bond fending out

fo directed to be given as aforesaid, give bond to his Majesty, spirits to

?other distil-

his heirs and successors, with sufficient security, to be approved lers shall give

ofas any other security is directed by the said act , made in the bond in dou-

second year aforesaid, to be approved, in double the value ofble the value

such spirits , anddouble the duties which the wort , wash, liquor, of the spirits ,

and double

orother preparation from whence such spirits were made or ex- the value af

tracted, would have been charged or chargeable with, had the the duties

said spirits been made from fermented wort or wash , brewed or ecimated in

made in that part of Great Britain called England, themanner

for extracting herein speci

such spirits for home consumption from malt , corn, grain, or fied, for the

tilts , reckoning at and after the rate of one hundred gallons of due exporta-

such worts, wash, liquor, or other preparation, for everytwenty- tion of such

four gallons of such spirits, for the due and fair exportation of spirits within

such spirits, within three months next after the date of each re- &c.

threemonths,

spective bond, and provided that such leave be first obtained, and

that such notice thereof shall have been given to the officer of

excise , as is in the said act required , for or in respect of any such

spirits to be sent by the maker thereof for exportation out of his

locked - up warehouse, to any other distiller.

VIII. And whereas by an act made in thefecondyear of his present

Majesty's reign , among other things for the better regulating and en-

couraging the exportation of British-madespirits, it was enacted, that ,

in order the more effectually to prevent distillers for exportations from

fraudulently removing wash, low wines, or spirits , if any decrease

Should at any time or times appear to be found in the wash of any dif-

tiller or distillers brewed or made for the distilling ofspirits for exportation ( exceptfuch decrease as is in the said act in that behalf excepted ), such distiller or distillers should be, and was and were thereby

charged with a double duty for the quantity oflow wines and spirits

suchwashfo decreased was presumed to make , and the officers of ex-

cife were thereby required insuch case to make such charge in the

manner prescribed by the said act; and that ifany decrease should at

any time or times appear in the flock ofspirits made for exportation ,

belonging to any such distiller or distillers, ( exceptfuch as in the said

aftin that behalf excepted), every such distiller and distillers should

be charged, and the officers of excise were therely required to charge

bim, her, or them , for all thespirits sofound to be decreased, and not

properly accountedfor, with double the duties such spirits would have

VOL. XLIII. KKK been

866 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 93. [1802.

been charged with ifmade for home consumption : and whereas by the

laws inforce at the time ofmaking the said act , the said duties, in

the faidact in that behalf mentioned , were chargeable upon the low

wines and spirits made for home consumption, but the duties on low

wines andSpirits made for home consumption were, by an att made

in the twenty- seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, among

other things, for repealing the duties of customs and excise, andgrant-

ing other duties in lieu thereof , repealed , and in lieu and fleadthereof

other duties are by the acts now in force imposedforfermented wort

orwash brewed or made in that part of Great Britain called England,

for extracting spirits for home consumption, and on other matters

and things in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and in the

said acts in that behalfparticularly mentioned; and by means thereof

the said penalties ,so far as the same relate to such double duties

respectingspirits made for home consumption , are become void , and

it is therefore expedient , in lieu and instead of the said recited pe-

nalties , to impose such other penalties, and make such provisions , as

Ifanyde-

herein - afterin that behalf directed; be it therefore enacted, That, from

crease shall be and after the passing of this act, in order the more effectually to

found in

wash made

prevent such distillers from fraudulently removing wort, wash ,

for extracting low wines, or spirits , ifany decrease shall at any time or times

spirits for be found in the wort or wash of any distiller or distillers , brewed

exportation ormade for the extracting of spirits for exportation (except such

( except it shall decrease as shall be made appear, to the satisfaction of the com-

appeartohave

arisen from

missioners of excise for the time being, to have really and truly

accident), the arisen from accident), such distiller or distillers shall , for every

distiller shall

such decrease of wort or wash, be, and he, she , and they is and

be charged with double duties; and

are hereby charged with double the duties which would have been

chargeable for or in respect ofa quantity of fermented wort or

thall be

wash, brewed or made in that part of Great Britain called Eng-

charged in

land , for extracting spirits for home consumption, equal to the

like manner

foranyde-

quantity of such decrease of the wort or wash so found as afore-

crease in the

said ; and if any decrease shall at any time or times be found in

spirits of the the spirits of the first or second extraction, or of any other spirits

first or second of any such distiller or distillers made for exportation, (except

extraction, or such decrease as shall be made appear, to the satisfaction of such

of any other

spirits for ex- commissioners, to have really and truly arisen from accident),

portation&c. such distiller or distillers shall, for every such decrease, be , and

he , the, and they is and are hereby charged with double the

duties which would have been chargeable for or in respect of

a quantity of fermented wort or wash, brewed or made in that

part of Great Britain called England , for extracting aquantity of

spirits for home consumption, as would be presumed to be re-

quisite to make a quantity of spirits equal to the quantity of

spirits of such decrease, reckoning at and after the rate ofone

hundred gallons of such wort or wash for every twenty-four

gallons of such decrease of spirits ; and the proper officer or

officers of excise is and are hereby, in any or either of the said

cases, to make such charge or charges accordingly.

IX. And whereas by the said act , made in thesecond year ofbis

present Majesty's reign, it was also enacted , that if it should appear that

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 93. 867

that any such decrease, as in the said act is in that behalfparticularly

mentioned, had been made in the quantity or quality of thespirits dif-

tilled for exportation in one day, and which could not, for want of

1

time , be conveyed from thespirit cask , and locked up, as was therein-

before directed , or in case any suchspiritsshould have been removed in

the absence of the officer of excise , in either of the said cafes , the dif-

tiller or distillersshould be and were thereby chargedfor the laid spirit

so decreased or removed , with double the duties such spirits would

have been charged with ifmade for home consumption, which the officer

T

of excise was thereby required to charge accordingly : and whereas by

reason of such repeal of the said duties as aforesaid , it is become expedient to makefuch provisions as next herein-after mentioned ; be it

therefore enacted, That if , from and after the passing of this act, Where spirits

it shall at any time so happen that the spirits distilled for ex- distilled for

portation in one day, belonging to any distiller or distillers, can- exportation

not , for want of time, be conveyed from the spirit cask ( into and not locked

which they are directed to be run immediately from the still ), up in ware-

and locked up in the warehouse or warehouses, as by the said house for

act is in that behalf directed , and it shall appear that any such want oftime ,

decrease in

decrease , as in the said act in that behalf mentioned, has been quality , or

made in the quantity or quality of the said spirits, or in cafe areremoved

any such spirits shall have been removed in the absence of the in absence of

officer of excifse , in either of the said cafes, in lieu and the excise of-

ficer, instead

stead of any charge as is in such case in the said act in that be- of the charge

half particularly directed to be made, the distiller or distillers directed by

shall be and are hereby charged for the said spirits so decreased the recited

or removed, with double the duties which the wort, wash, li- act 2 Geo. 3.

the distillerquor, or other preparation from whence such spirits were made shall becharg-

or extracted, would have been charged or chargeable with, had ed with dou-

→ the said spirits been made from fermented wort or wash, brew- ble duties in

ed or made in that part of Great Britain called England, for mannerherein specified .

extracting such spirits for home consumption from malt, corn,

grain, or tilts, reckoning at and after the rate of one hundred

gallons of such wort, wash, liquor, or other preparation for every

twenty- four gallons of such spirits, and which the officer of ex-

cise is hereby required to charge accordingly.

X. And whereas by the said act , made in thesecondyear of his

present Majesty's reign, it was also enacted , that whenspirits made for

exportation should be delivered out of any warehouse or warehouses,

- to be sent coastways in orderfor exportation toforeign parts , as in the

said act is in that behalf mentioned , the distiller or distillers, out of

- whise warehousesuchspirits were delivered, sbould , on taking out the

Same , givesuch bond as was in the said act in that behalfdirected ,

in double the value of the spirits, and double the duties which were

payablefor the likespirits distilledfor home consumption, that the same

Spirits , and every part thereof , should ( the danger of the seas and ene-

mies exsepted) be really and truly landed insuch port of his kingdom

for which the sameshould be entered , andfuch bondso entered into

shouldnot bedischarged or delivered up, until such a certificate as is in

the said act prescribed, should be produced from the chief officer of ex-

cife of the portfor whichfuch spirits were entered; and itwas also by

KKK 2 the

868 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III.с. 93. [1802.

the said art enacted , that suchspiritsso to befent coastways, when land-

ed at the port for which the fame were entered , should be, immediately

on the landing thereof , put into a proper warehouse , and there continued

until the fame should be exported, and should be secured by the person

to whom they werefent, and by the chief officer of excise in the said

actmentioned , in manner in the said att in that behalf directed: and

whereas by reason of such repeal of thesaid duties as aforesaid , it is be-

come expedient to makefuch provisions as next herein-after mentioned ;

Distillers from be it therefore further enacted, That, from and after the passing

whose ware-

house spirits

of this act, every distiller or distillers, out of whose warehouse

shall bede-

or warehouses any such spirits made for exportation shall be delivered to be

livered to be sent coastways in order for exportation to foreign

fent coastwife parts, as in the said acts is in that behalf mentioned, shall, in lieu

for exporta- tionthall, in-

and flead of the said bond so in that behalf directed to be given

stead of the as aforesaid, give bond ,with sufficient security, to his Majesty,

bond directed his heirs and successors , to be approved of as any other secu-

to be given by

rity is directed by the said last mentioned act to be approved ,

the recited

in double the value of such spirits, and double the duties which

act ,give one

indouble the

the wort, wash, liquor, or other preparation from whence such

valme of the spirits were made or extracted, would have been charged or

spirits and chargeable with, had the said spirits been made from fermented

double the wort or wash, brewed or made in that part of Great Britain

value of the

duties, in called England, for extracting such spirits for home consumption

manner here. from malt , corn, grain, or tilts, reckoning at and after the

in specified. rate of one hundred gallons of such wort, wath, liquor, or

5 %

)

other preparation, for every twenty-four gallons of such spirits ,

that the same spirits, and every part thereof, shall ( the danger

of the seas and enemies excepted), be really and truly landed in

such port of this kingdom for which the same shall be entered

J

andfuch bond soentered into shallnotbedischargedor deliveredup ,

untilfuch a certificate shall be produced from the chiefofficer ofex-

cife of the port for which such spirits were entered , testifying the

landing thereof , and the several other matters and things in and

by the said act particularly directed, in the certificate therebyre-

quired for the discharge of such bond as was thereby directed to

be given for or in respect of spirits to be sent coastways, and

for the landing of such spirits in the port of this kingdom for

which the fame should be entered.

XIs And whereas by an act , made in the seventh and eighth years

of the reign of his lave majesty King William the Third , intituled ,

7&8Gul. 3. An act for laying several duties upon low wines or spirits of the

C. 30.

first extraction, and for preventing the frauds and abuses ofbrew-

ers , distillers, and other persons chargeable with the duties ofex-

cife, it was enacted , that the gauger and gaugers ofexcise should from

vime to time gauge and take account of all wash and other materials

prepared or preparingfor the making oflow wines, and also ofall low

wines, spirits , or strong waters, found in the houses, cellars, or warehous-

es, or in any wash back, cask , or other vessel or vessels , used by any deftil

ler ormaker of low wines orspirits ; and in case beshouldmifs any quan

tity or quantities ofliquor or drinkbrewedor made from corn, or anywash

or other materials preparedformaking oflow wines, which he had found

a

{

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. C. 93. 869

as in the said act is mentioned , andshould not on demand receive

satisfaction what was become of such drink or wash, or otherfuch like

materials, that in every such case it should be lawful for such gauger

to chargefuch distiller withso much low wines asfuch liquor, drink,

wash, or other materialsfo missing, in his judgement would reasonably

bave made : and whereas the duties on low wines andspirits are now

repealed , and certain duties are imposed in lieu thereof , on wort, wash,

or liquor fermented , brewed, or made, in that part of Great Britain

called England, for extractingspirits for bome consumption, and it is

therefore expedient to make suchprovision as is herein-after mentioned;

be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to andExcife officer

for all and every the officer or officers ofexcife, from time to time, shall take an

account of

to gauge andtake an account of all wash, drink, and other liquor wath , &c. pre-

or materials, prepared or preparing for the extracting of lowparing for ex-

wines or spirits in that part of Great Britain called England; and tracting of

that in case any officer or officers of excise, at any distiller or dif - spirits inEng-

tillers in that part of Great Britain called England , shall miss, or land, and if

he afterwards

find any deficiency in the gauge of any quantity or quantities offends any defi-

liquor or drink brewed or made, or in any wash or other materi- ciency, he shall

als preparing or prepared for extracting of spirits for home con - charge thedif-

sumption, and which the officer or officers of excise had before tiller with the

dutyequal tofound or gauged at such distiller or distillers, then and in every the quantity

such case it mall and maybe lawful for such officer or officers to ofwash de-

charge such distiller or distillers with the duty on a quantity officient .

fermented wort or wash, cyder, perry, or other wash or liquor, of

☐ the same kind of materials as the said liquor, drink , wash, or

other materials consisted of , or was preparing or prepared

from, equal to the quantity of such liquor or drink, wash,

or other materials, so mifling or found deficient in the gauge, and

such distiller or distillers shall pay the same accordingly; and the

said duty shall be recovered and applied in like manner as the

said duties by law imposed for or in respect of fermented wort or

wash, brewed or made in that part of Great Britain called England , from malt , corn, grain, or tilts , or from other materials for

extracting spirits for home consumption, are now by law directed

to be recovered and applied.

XII. And whereas by the said act made in the second year of his

present Majesty's reign , it was also enacted , that such spirits in the

said act in that behalfmentioned asshould beshipped forstores, should ,

during the time theship or vessel was or should be within the limits of

any port of this kingdom, be openly stowed and kept, so that the officers

ofexcise might at any time examine the fame , on pain of forfeiting the

double duty ofallfuch stares which should not besostowed and kept, or

produced and sheen to the officers of excise, which said double duty

should be charged by the officers of excise for such stores which should

not be fo flowed and kept, or produced and shewn according to the

ratefuch Spirits would have been charged with if made for home con-

Sumption, and which chargeshould be paid by the master of theship or

vessel on board of which suchstores wereshipped; and when any Spirits

made for exportation should be entered for exportation to any of the places

r KKK 3

870 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III . C. 93. [1802.

places in that act particularly in that behalf mentioned, the exporter or

exporters thereof , when the whole quantity ofspirits intended at that

time to be exportedshould be shipped , should immediatelygive and enter

intofuch bonds as are in the said act directed for the due andfair exportation of such spirits, and produce such certificates within the respectivetimes in the said act in that behalf prescribed, and that the

penalty in every bond so to be entered into in pursuance of that aft,

Shouldbe double the value of the spirits entered for exportation , and

double the dutiesfuchspirits ought to have paid if they had been made

forhomeconsumption; and that until such bond should be entered into by

the exporter or exporters, the distiller or distillers from whose ware-

house such spirits should be fent , should be and were thereby charged

for such quantity ofspirits so shippedfor exportation, with double the

dutiesfuchspirits would have been charged with ifmade for home consumption , and that such chargeshould not be discharged until such bond

should be entered into : and whereas by reason of such repeal of thesaid

duties, and the said imposition of the said other dutiesforfuch wort or

wash as aforesaid, it is become expedient, in lieu and instead of thesaid

last recited charges and penalties respectively , to impose such other !

charges and penalties , and make such provisions herein- after in that

Allfuchspirits

made for ex-

behalfdirected; be it therefore further enacted , That in lieu and

portational instead of the said last recited charges and penalties respectively ,

shall be ship- from and after the passing of this act, all such spirits made or

ped for stores drawn in Great Britain for exportation, as shall be shipped for

shall beopenly stores, shall, during the time the ship or vessel is or shall be

stowed, on

painofforfeit-within the limits of any port of this kingdom, be openly stowed

ingdoubledu- and kept , so that the officers ofexcise may at any time examine

ty ,inmanner the same, on pain of forfeiting the double duties which the wort ,

herein speci wash , liquor or other preparation, from whence such spirits were

fied, tobepaid made or extracted , would have been charged or chargeable with ,

by the master

of theveffel ; had such spirits been made or extracted from fermented wort of

and whenany wash, brewed or made in that part of Great Britain called Eng-

spirits shall be land , for extracting such spirits for home consumption from malt,

shippedforex-

portation , the corn , grain, or tilts, reckoning at and after the rate ofone hun-

exporter shall dred gallons of such wort, walh, liquor, or other preparation, for

enter into

every twenty- four gallons of such spirits which shall not be fo

bondfor the stowed and kept, or produced and mewn to the officers of excile;

fair exportati- which said double duty shall be charged by the officers of excile,

on thereof in for such stores which shall not be so stowed and kept, or

themanner

herein direct- produced and shewn as aforesaid, and which charge shall be paid

ed .

by the master of the ship or vessel on board of which such stores

were shipped ; and when any spirits made for exportation shall be

entered for exportation to Ireland , or his Majesty's plantations in

America , or to any other parts beyond the feas in Europe, or to

any parts beyond the feas in Africa, the exporter or exporters

thereof , before any part of such spirits intended at that timetobe

exported shall be shipped, shall give and enter into such and the

like bonds for the due and fair exportation of such spirits , and

produce such certificates within the respective times , and make

such proofs as were respectively required to be given , entered

into , produced , and made, by an act made in the thirty -third

year

1

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III . C. 93. 871

year of the reign of his said late majesty King George the Second,

among other things, for encouraging the exportation of British-

made spirits, or the exportation of spirits to the respective places

before mentioned, in pursuance of the directions of the said last

mentioned act, except only that the penalty in every bond so to

beentered into in pursuance of this act, shall be double the value

of the spirits entered for exportation and the double duties which

the wort , wash, liquor, or other preparation from whence such

spirits were made or extracted, would have been charged or

chargeable with had the said spirits been made from fermented

wort or wash, brewed or made in that part of Great Britain cal-

led England , for extracting such spirits for home consumption

from malt, corn, grain, or tilts , reckoning at and after the rate

ofone hundred gallons of such wort, wash, liquor, or other pre-

paration, for every twenty- four gallons of such spirits ; and until

such bond shall be entered into by the exporter or exporters, the

distiller or distillers from whose warehouse any such spirits were

originally sent, shall be, and he, she, and they is and are hereby

charged for such quantity ofspirits so sent , with such double du-

ties as last aforesaid, and such charge shall not bedischarged until

such bond shall be entered into ; and when any British-made

spirits shall be entered for exportation to any parts beyond the

seas in Asia, the exporter or exporters thereof , before any part of

such spirits intended at that time to be exported shall be shipped,

shall give and enter into a bond of the like tenor and condition,

with the like security, and make the like proof as was required to

be given, entered into, and made by the said act, made in the

faidthirty-third year of the reign of his late majesty King George

the Second, on the exportation of spirits to parts beyondthe feas

in Africa , in pursuance of the directions of that act, except only

that the penalty in every such bond so to be entered into in

pursuance of this act, th shall be double the value of the spirits

entered for exportation, and double the duties which the wort,

wash, liquor, or other preparation, from whence such spirits were

made or extracted, would have been charged or chargeable with,

had the said spirits been made or extracted from fermented wort,

wash, liquor, or other preparation, brewed or made in that part

of Great Britain called England , for extracting such spirits for

home consumption from malt , corn, grain, or tilts, reckoning at

and after the rate of one hundred gallons of such wort, wash,

liquor, or other preparation, for every twenty- four gallons of

such spirits ; anduntil such last mentioned bond shall be entered

into by the exporter or exporters, the distiller or distillers from

whosewarehouse such spirits were fent, shall be and are hereby

charged for such quantity of spirits so sent with such double du-

ties as last aforesaid, and such charge shall not be discharged un-

til such bond shall be entered into ; and also except that the proof

of the due exportation of such spirits shall not be required to be

madetill the end of three years from the date of such respective

bonds.

KKK 4 XIII. And

872 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III . C. 93. [1802 .

XIII. And whereas great quantities ofstarch are used in the mak-

ing of stone blue, and the laws already inforce have by experience been

found insufficient to prevent makers of starch, being at the same time

makers of stone blue, from clandestinely making use of starch ,for which

no duty has been paid , in the making of stone blue ; for remedy whereof ,

No starch ma-be it further enacted , That no person licensed to make starch , or

ker in Great

Britainshall be having made entry of any workhouse orplace for the making of

the owner of starch at any office of excise , or being a maker of starch within

any place for Great Britain, shall be a proprietor, owner, or occupier of any

making stone workhouse or place made use offor the making of stone blue, or

blue, or be concerned in

for the keeping ofstone blue, or materials for the making of stone

tharbusiness ,

blue, or have any part or share in any stone blue manufactory,

on penalty of

or be in any manner concerned in the trade or business ofa maker

2001.

or manufacturer of stone blue ; and ifany person licensed to make

starch, or having made entry of any workhouse or place for the

making of starch as aforesaid, or being a maker of starch within

Great Britain, shall be a proprietor, owner, or occupier of any

workhouse or place made use offor the making of stone blue , or

for the keeping of stone blue, or materials for the making of

stone blue , or shall have any part or share in any stone blue

manufactory, or be in any manner concerned in the trade or

business of a maker or manufacturer of stone blue, the person or

persons fo offending shall, for each and every such offence, forfeit

and lofe the fum of two hundred pounds.

XIV. And whereas it has been found by experience that thefecurity

by bond, required by an alt made in the nineteenth year of the reign of

bispresent Majesty, to be given by persons acting as auctioneers, is not

sufficient to answer the purposes thereby intended: for remedy whereof ,

and for the betterfecuring the payment of the duties by law imposed

Anctioneers

for and in respect of sales at auction, be it therefore enacted, That

within the

everyperson not already licensed according to the said act, who

limits of the

now or at any time or times hereafter doth or shall exercise the

excise in Lon- trade or business of an auctioneer, or feller by commission, at any

don , onbeing sale of any estate, goods, or effects whatsoever, by outcry,

licensed, shall

give bond in knocking down of hammer, by candle , by lot, by parcel, or by

manner herein any mode of sale at auction, or whereby the highest bidder is

specified, to deemed to be the purchaser, or who shall act in such capacity

account for within the limits of the chief office of excise in London, Chall , at

sales andmake the time of receiving his licence, give security by bond to his

payment of

duty as direct . Majesty , his heirs and successors, with two sufficient sureties , in

edby 19 Geo. manner following ; that is to fay , himself in the fum of one

3. C. 56. hundred pounds, and his sureties in the sum of two hundred

pounds each, which security the commissioners ofexcife in England , or any two or more of them, for the time being, or such

person or persons as the said commissioners of excise thall from

time to time appoint to deliver out the licences by the said act

directed, are and is hereby authorised and empowered to take ,

that the said person who shall exercise such trade or business, or

who shall act in such capacity as aforesaid, shall and will deliver

every account of the sales by him made, and also make payment

ofall and every fum and sums ofmoney arising or becoming due for

1802.] Annoregni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 93. 873

for the auction duty for or in respect of all such sales, in manner

prescribed in and by the said act of the nineteenth year aforesaid,

as by this or any other act or acts of parliament now in force.

XV. And be it further enacted, That each and every person Auctioneers ,

P

who shall exercise such trade or business, or who shall act in not within the

limits of the

such capacity as aforesaid, in any part of Great Britain, not excise in Lon-

within the limits of the said chief office , shall, at the time ofdon , shallgive

receiving his licence , give security bybond as aforesaid, with bondto ac-

: two sufficient sureties, in manner following ; that is to fay , him- countand

self in the sum offive hundred pounds, and his securities in the makepayment

of duty inlike

fum of fifty pounds each, which security shall be taken by the manner.

commissioners of excise in England and Scotland respectively , or

any two or more of them respectively for the time being, or by

such person or persons as they the said commissioners, or any two

or more of them respectively , shall appoint for that purpose, or

by the respective collectors of excise within their respective

collections, in like manner as is herein- before directed , with

regard to the bonds to be given within the limits of the chief

office of excise in London, that the said person who shall exercise

such trade or business, or who shall act in such capacity as aforesaid , shall and will deliver every account, and make payment of

all and every fum and sums of money in manner prescribed in or

: bythe said acts, or any or either of them.

XVI. And whereas, for preventing frauds in theshipping ofrum

1

as stores, free ofduty, to be consumed on boardships on their voyages to

foreign parts, it is expedient to makefuch provision as is herein- after

mentioned ; be it therefore enacted, That no such rum shall be No rum shall

delivered as stores, to be spent and consumed as aforesaid, out of

be delivered as

stores out of

any warehouse or warehouses in which the same shall have been any ware-

-lodged, in pursuance of an act , made in the fifteenth and fix- house, unless

teenth years of the reign of his late majesty King George the bondbe given

in double the

Second, among other things, to impower the importers or pro- value of the

prietors ofrum or spirits, of the British sugar plantations, to land goods, and

the fame before payment of the duties of excise charged thereon, duty, that the

and to lodge the fame in warehouses at their own expence, unless same shall be

the person or persons intending to have the same so delivered spent onboard

the vessel, &c.

shall give bond, with sufficient security, to his Majesty, his heirs

and fuccessors, to be approved of by the respective commissioners

of excise in England and Scotland for the time being, or any three

of them, or by such person or persons as they shall from time to

time appoint or employ for that purpose , in double the value of

the goods, and the duties of excise payable thereon, that such

rum, and every part thereof , shall (the dangers of the feas and

enemies excepted) be really and truly spent and consumed on

board the ship or vessel for which the fame is intended to be

' delivered as stores, by the mariners intended to be employed in

navigating the said ship or vessel , or by his Majesty's troops that

may be embarked in the fame; and that no part of such rum

shall be relanded in any part of the united kingdom of Great

Britain and Ireland , or the islands of Guernsey, Ferfey, Alderney,

Sark, or Man, or either of them.

XVII, And

874 Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. c. 93. [1802.

Goods frau- XVII. And be it further enacted, That in case any of the

dulentlyhid goods, wares, merchandize , or commodities , for or in respect

in anyplace with

whereof any duty of excise is imposed by any act or acts of par-

to defraud the liament in force immediately before the passing of his act, thall

revenue of be fraudulently deposited, hid , or concealed, in any place or

excise , shall places whatsoever, with an intent to defraud his Majesty of any

be forfeited. of the duties of excise by any such act or acts of parliament im.

posed for or in respect thereof ,allsuch goods, wares, merchandize ,

and commodities respectively, shall be forfeited, together with

the packages containing the same, and shall and may be seized

Mode ofpro- by any officer or officers of excise; and the better to enable such

ceeding where officer or officers todiscover such goods, wares, merchandize, and

officers shall commodities respectively so forfeited, if any such officer or of-

1

suspect goods

areconcealed , ficers shall have cause to suspect that any such goods, wares,

merchandize, or commodities, shall be so deposited, hid, or concealed in any place or places whatsoever , then and in such cafe

if such place or places shall be within the cities of London or

Westminster, or within the limits of the chief office of excise in

London , upon oath made by such officer or officers before the

commissioners of excise for the time being, or any two or more

of them, or incase such place or places thall be in any other part

of Great Britain, upon oath made by such officer or officers

beforeone or more justice orjustices of the peace for the county ,

riding, division, or place, where such officer or officers shall

suspect the same to be deposited, hid, or concealed, setting forth

the ground of his or their suspicion, it shall and may be lawful

to and for the said commissioners, or any two or more of them ,

orthejustice or justices of the peace respectively (as the cafe may

require), before whom such oath shall be made, iftheyor he shall

judge it reasonable, by special warrant or warrants under his and

their respective hands and seals, to authorise and empower such

officer or officers by day or by night , but ifin the night, then in

the presence of a constable or other lawful officer of the peace,

to enter into all and every such place or places where he or they

shall so suspect such goods, wares, merchandize, or commodities ,

to be so deposited, hid , or concealed, and to seize and carry away

all such goods, wares, merchandize, and commodities respectively , which he or they shall then and there find so forfeited ,

together with the packages containing the same ; and every such

constable or other lawful officer of the peace is , on being thereto

requested by any such officer or officers of excise, to go along

withhim or them, and to be present at the execution of every

Persons ob- structing of-

such warrant ; and if any person or persons whatever shal! let,

ficers in their

obstruct, or hinder any such officer or officers so authorised or

duty , hall forfeit 1001.

empowered, or any other person or persons acting in his or

their aid or assistance in the execution of any such warrant ,

from entering any such place or places where such officer or of-

ficers shall so suspect such goods, wares, merchandize, or commodities to be so deposited, hid, or concealed, or in seizing or

carrying away the fame , or the packages containing the same, or

in the due execution of any such warrant, the person and persons fo

1

1

1802.] Annoregni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. c. 93. 875

so offending shall, for each and every such offence, severally

forfeit the sum of one hundred pounds.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That where any goods, When goods

wares, merchandize, or commodity, are or shall be forfeited are forfeited

under any act or acts of parliament relating to his Majesty's by any excise

law , the cask

duties of excise , all and singular the moveable casks or other and packages,

packages containing the same , and also every vessel, boat, cart, and carriage

carriage , and all cattle used in the removal thereof , shall be for- andcattle used

in the remo-

feited ; and the fame respectively, together with such goods, un mall alo

wares, merchandize, and commodity, shall and maybe seized by be forfeited.

anyofficer or officers of excise.

XIX. And whereas by the laws now in force relating to his

Majesty's revenue of excise , candles, sope, starch, coffee, and tobacco

respectively, areforfeited ,for importation in quantities less than the

several weights insuch laws respectively in that behalf mentioned ,

limited , and prescribed: and whereas the masters ofships and vessels

tradingfrom foreignparts to this kingdom, do frequently bring great

quantities of such goods for the purpose ofsmuggling the fame in this

kingdom , and if they are prevented by the vigilance of the officers of

the revenuefrom landing the same before they arrive at the port or

place of their discharge , such masters do then report such goods for

exportation , togain an opportunity of running the same onshore in

this kingdom , or

unshippingthem int boats and other vessels for that

purpose in their passage outwards, to the prejudice of the publick

revenue ,fand the air merchants;for remedy whereof , be it enacted,

That , from and after the first day of August one thousand eight From Aug. 1,

hundred and two, no candles, sope, or starch, which shall be 1802, nocan-

imported or brought into Great Britain in any thip or vessel, starch ,im-

dles, sope, or

belonging in the whole or in part to his Majesty's subjects, ported into

otherwise than in cask , chest, cafe, bag, or other package , Great Britain

containing two hundred and twenty-four pounds neat of candles, otherwise than

incask or

fope , or starch respectively , at the least; nor any coffee which package ,

shall be imported or brought into Great Britain, otherwise than containing at

incask, chest, cafe, bag, or other package , containing one hun- least 250lbs.;

nor coffee

dred and twelve pounds neat of coffee , at the least; nor any reathn

tobacco which shall be imported or brought into Great Britain , in package

otherwise than in an hogshead, cask , chest, case , bag, or other containing at

package, containing four hundred and fifty pounds neat ofleast 112lbs.;

tobacco , at the least , shall be enteredorreported for exportation ; har nor another-

andall entries or reports, which, after the said first day of August wife than in

one thousand eight hundred and two, shall be made of any such package con-

candles, sope, starch, coffee, or tobacco respectively , contrary to taining at least

the directions of this act, are herebydeclaredtobenull andvoid; 450lbs.; thall

be entered for

and all such candles, sope, starch, coffee, and tobacco respectively, exportation

imported or brought into Great Britain otherwise than as afore- if imported

said , shall be forfeited, together with the packages containing the otherwise,

same respectively ; and allsuch candles, sope, starch, coffee , to- they shall be

forfeited .

bacco, and packages so forfeited, shall and may be seized by any

officer or officers of excise.

XX . And whereas the quantity offalt for curing pilchards and

Scads allowed by an actpassed in the thirty- eighth year of the reign of

bis

876 Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. C. 93. [1802.

38Geo. 3 .

C. 89.

bispresent Majesty, intituled , An act for transferring the manage.

ment of the falt duties to the commissioners of excise ; and for

repealing the duties on salt , and the drawbacks, allowances, and

bounties paid thereout ; and for granting other duties, drawbacks,

allowances , and bounties thereon, is found insufficient to answer

the purpose intended ; and it is expedient to grant a further allowance

of falt , and to make further provisions in respect offalt to be used in

From July 1.

1802, fich

curing and preserving pilchards andfeads ; be it therefore enacted ,

curers, instead

That, from and after the fifth day of July one thousand eight

of former

hundred and two, all and every fith curer or fish curers towhom

allowance of

falt, shall be

any falt shall have been or shall be delivered for the purpose of

allowed a

curing and preserving fish, shall , in lieu and instead ofall former

creditequal

allowance offalt for curing and preserving pilchards and scads,

to336lbs. for be allowed a credit equal to three hundred and thirty-six pounds

every cask ofpure salt for every cask or vessel containing fifty gallons of

containing so pilchards or scads, and so in proportion for any greater or less

gallons of pil- quantity; any thing in the said act of parliament to the contrary

fcads.

in anywise notwithstanding.

Nofalt shall XXI. And be it further enacted, That no salt shall be used or

beused in the applied in the curing and preserving of pilchards or scads more

curing of pilchards, &c.

than twice , and that in taking account of falt which shall have

more than

been only once used in the curing and preserving of pilchards or

twice, &c.

fcads, credit shall be given or allowed to all and every such fish

cureror fish curers for such falt so once used as aforesaid , as containing ofpure falt in the proportion of three parts in four of the

whole quantity and no more ; and all and every the officers or of-

ficer of excise shall, in taking account of and balancing the

stocks of falt in the custody or possession of fish curers, either

give credit for and make his or their computations upon and

according to the several and respective proportions before

mentioned.

XXII. And whereas by an act, passed in the thirty- fourth year of

34 Geo. 3 .

C. 15.

the reign of his present Majesty, intituled , An act for granting to

his Majesty certain additional duties on bricks and tiles made in

and imported into Great Britain , certain tiles therein described , and

which shall be made for the sole purpose of draining wet or marsby

lands, are exempted from the duties chargeable on tiles : and whereas

it is expedient to allow tiles ofa less length to be made forfuch purpose

Tiles not less

than nine

free of duty ; be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the

inches long

passing of his act, it shall and may be lawful to and for any per-

!

maybe made

fon or persons whatsoever to make, for the sole purpose of

for thepur-

draining wet or marthy lands , free of the duties of excise, tiles

pose of drain-

ing lands,

not less than nine inches long, such tiles being in every other

free of duty.

respect of the description and dimensions prescribed and directed

by the said act ; any thing in any act or acts of parliament contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP.

コ

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 94. 877

i

CAP. XCIV.

An alt for repealing certain duties on paper, pasteboards , millboards,

scaleboards, and glazed paper, imported into or made in Great

Britain ; and for granting other duties in lieu thereof .-[June

26, 1802.]

W THEREAS certain duties of customs and excise are nowpay-

able for and in respect of paper, pasteboard , millboard , Scale-

board , glazed paper , and books, maps, and prints, imported into

Great Britain ; and for and in respect of paper , pasteboard, mill-

board , Scaleboard , and glazed paper made in Great Britain ; and

certain drawbacks or allowances are now payable out of the said

duties : and whereas it is expedient to repeal the said duties, draw-

backs , and allowances and to grant other duties, and other drawbacks

and allowances in lieu thereof ; be it therefore enacted by the

King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and

consent of the lords spiritual and temporal , and commons, in

this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the

fame, That, from and after the fifth day of July one thousand From July 5,

eight hundred and two, all and singular, the said duties, draw 1802 , the

duties and

backs, and allowances, save and except the duties now payable drawbacks on

on , printed, painted , or stained paper, to serve for hangings paper, &c.

or other uses, and also save and except the duties of customs on (except on

books, maps, and prints imported into Great Britain, thall the articles herein speci .

cease and determine , and be no longer paid or payable, save fied), shall

and except in all cases relating to the recovering, allowing, cease ;

or paying any arrears thereof respectively , which may at any

time remain unpaid, or to any fine, penalty, or forfeiture re-

lating thereto respectively, which shall have been incurred at

anytime before the said fifth day of July one thousand eight

hundred and two.

and in lieu of

II. And be it further enacted , That, from and after the said the duties re-

fifth day of July one thousand eight hundred and two, in lieu pealed, the

and instead of the said respective duties of customs and excise following shall

hereby repealed, there shall be raised, levied , collected, and paid be levied.

unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, the several duties of

customs and excise herein-after respectively mentioned; ( that

is to fayD.

10

For every pound weight avoirdupois of paper of the first Duties

class or denomination ( not being paper of the manufacture of

of customs.

and imported from Ireland ), which shall be imported into Great

Britain , acustom duty ofone shilling and one halfpenny:

For every pound weight avoirdupois of paper of the second

class or denomination (not being paper of the manufacture of

and imported from Ireland ), which shall be imported into Great

Britain , a custom duty of sixpence farthing:

For every one hundred weight of pasteboard, millboard, and

scaleboard , and of glazed paper for clothiers, and hot preffers ( not

878 Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. c. 94. [1802.

( not being of the manufacture of and imported from Ireland ) ,

which shall be imported into Great Britain , a custom duty of

two pounds two shillings, and so in proportion for any greater

or less quantity :

Duties of

excise.

For every poundweight avoirdupois of paper of the first class

or denomination, which shall be made in Great Britain, or

which shall be made in Ireland , and imported directly from

thence into Great Britain, an excise duty of three-pence:

For every pound weight avoirdupois of paper of the second

class or denomination which shall be made in Great Britain , or

which shall be made in Ireland , and imported directly from

thence into Great Britain, an excise duty of one penny half-

penny :

For every one hundred weight of pasteboard, which shall be

made in Ireland , and imported directly from thence into Great

Britain, an excise duty of one pound one shilling , and so in

proportion for any greater or less quantity:

For every one hundred weight of glazed paper for clothiers

andhot pressers, and of millboard and scaleboard , which shall be

made in Great Britain, or which shall be made in Ireland , and

imported directly from thence into Great Britain, an excise duty

ofone pound one shilling, and so in proportion for any greater

or less quantity:

For every pound weight avoirdupois of books, whether

bound or unbound, and of maps or prints, which shall be imported into Great Britain from Ireland , an excise duty of

three- pence:

Which said several duties upon paper , pasteboard, millboard,

scaleboard, glazed paper, books, maps, and prints, shall be paid

bythe importers or makers thereof respectively.

Notto extend

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing

to theathing

in this act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to

H

orbutton

paper,&c.

charge with the duty by this act granted, any paper commonly

called and known by the names of Sheathing Paper, or Button

Paper , or Button Board made in Great Britain, or made in

Ireland , and imported directly from thence into Great Britain ;

Nor toboundnor to any bound books which shall be the sole and entire

books for

the use of

property of any officer of state in Ireland , or any member

officers of

of either of the houses of parliament, which shall be imported

state , and members of parliament ,

into Great Britain from Ireland for the sole and entire use of

such officer of state , or member of either house of parliament

respectively, and not as merchandize or for sale ; any thing

&c.

herein contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

Thefollowing IV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the

drawbacks said fifth day of July one thousand eight hundred and two, the

shall beallow several and respective drawbacks herein-after mentioned shall

edandpaid.

be made, allowed, and paid upon the terms and conditions, and

under, subject, and according to the rules, regulations, provi-

fions, restrictions, clauses, penalties, and forfeitures contained

in

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 94. 879

in any act or acts of parliament, law or laws now in force in

relation to the duties on paper ; (that is to say),

For every pound weight avoirdupois ofpaper of the first class Drawbacks.

or denomination, made in Great Britain, or made in Ireland,

and imported directly from thence into Great Britain, and

which shall be exported from Great Britain, as merchandize, to

parts beyond the seas, a drawback ofthree-pence :

For every pound weight of paper of the second class or deno-

mination made in Great Britain, or made in Ireland , and

imported directly from thence into Great Britain, and which

shall be exported from Great Britain as merchandize, to parts

beyond the seas, a drawback of one penny halfpenny:

For every one hundred weight of pasteboard, millboard, and

scaleboard , and of glazed paper for clothiers and hot pressers,

made in Great Britain , or made in Ireland , and imported directly

from thence into Great Britain as merchandize, to parts beyond

the seas, a drawback of one pound one shilling, and so in pro-

portion for any greater or less quantity :

For every pound weight avoirdupois of books in perfect and

complete sets, or if periodical publications in perfect parts or

numbers, and ofblank, plain, or ruled account books, whether

bound or unbound, which shall be made of or printed or

ruled on paper of the first class or denomination, and for which

no drawback or allowance whatever shall have been paid,

received or obtained, and which shall be exported from Great

Britain as merchandize, to parts beyond the feas, a drawback of

three -pence :

For every pound weight avoirdupois of paper of the first class

ordenomination which shall be used in the printing any books

in Latin, Greek, oriental , or northern languages, or in the

printing bibles, testaments, psalm books, books of common

prayer, and confession of faith, and the larger and shorter

catechism, or any of them, within the two universities of Oxford

and Cambridge, or either of them, by permission of the vice

chancellor of the fame respectively ; or which shall be used in

the printing any books in Latin, Greek, oriental, or northern

languages within the universities of Scotland , or any of them ,

by permission of the principals of the fame respectively ; or

which shall be used by the King's printers in England and

Scotland respectively, in the printing ofbibles, testaments, pfalm

books, books of common prayer of the church of England , the

book commonly called or known in Scotland by the name of

The Confession of Faith, or the larger or shorter catechism of

the church of Scotland , a drawback of three- pence.

V. And whereas by the repeal of the duties on paper, and the

drawbacks by this attgranted on the exportation thereof , the draw-

backs might in some cases exceed and in others fall short of the For three

months after

duties actually paid; for remedy whereof , be it enacted, That July 5, the

for and during the space of three months from and after drawback

the said fifth day of July, the drawback on paper exported as shall be the

merchandize fame as the

duty actually

paid.

880 Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. с. 94. [1802.

merchandize mall in every instance be the same as the duty

which, under the rules and regulations established for or in

respect of the exportation ofpaper , shall be proved to have been

really and bonâfide paid , and no other; any thing in this or any

other act or acts of parliament to the contrary in anywise

notwithstanding .

VI. And whereas it is expedient to grant a drawback or allowance

to clothiers, hot preffers, and other persons concerned in the woollen

manufactures, for or in respect of paper , commonly called or known

by the names of Glazed Paper and Press Paper, used or employed in

Drawback al- pressing woollen cloths or stuffs ; be it therefore enacted, That, from

lowed to

and after the said fifth day of July one thousand eight hundred

clothiers,

and two, a drawback or allowance of the whole duty charged

hot preffers,

and other or chargeable on such glazed papers and press papers, as thall

persons in the be actually and bonâ fide used, employed, and consumed in the

woollen ma- pressing of woollen cloths or stuffs shall be made and paid on

nufactory, for the terms and conditions herein-after mentioned ; ( that is to

glazed paper,

on the condi fay), that every person who shall intend to apply for or claim

tions herein any such drawback or allowance for glazed paper or press

specified . paper, shall, before he, she, or they shall begin to make use

of any glazed paper or press paper , produce the fame in the

original cover or wrapper in which such glazed paper and

press paper respectively was charged with duty, to the proper

officer of excise, and shall give to such officer a notice in

writing specifying the day and hour on which he, she, or

they intends or intend to produce such glazed paper or press

paper, and also the quantity of such glazed paper or press

paper so intended to be produced, and the name and residence

of the maker, or other person from whom the same was re-

ceived , and the particular time when received , and such

person shall untie and open all such glazed paper and press

paper in the presence of such officer, who shall examine and

take account thereof , and shall destroy the duty stamp on the

covers or wrappers of the same; and upon application to

the proper collector of excise, as soon as any such glazed paper

or press paper shall have been so long or so much used as

to be incapable of being again used or employed for any

purpose whatever (such application not being made oftener than

twice in each year ) , stating in writing the actual quantity of

such glazed paper and press paper so used as aforesaid, and

making oath before such collector of excise ( which oath every

collector of excise is hereby authorised and empowered to ad-

minister), of the real quantity of such glazed paper or press

paper so used or employed as aforesaid, that the fame has

been actually and bona fide used or employed in the pressing

of woollen cloths or stuffs by him, her , or them, who shall

apply for or claim any such drawback or allowance, and for

no other purpose whatsoever, and that all such glazed paper

or press paper, and every part thereof , isby such use rendered

or become unfit for any other purpose whatsoever, and that

no drawback or allowance has been before had or received

for

i

1

1

Γ

E

1

1802. ] Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. c. 94. 881

for such glazed paper or press paper, or any part thereof; then

and in such cafe, such collector of excise shall pay or allow to

the person or persons entitled to receive the fame a drawback

of the duties which shall have been charged or paid for such

glazed paper or press paper, without any fee, reward, or

deduction whatever.

VII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Instead of the

said fifth day of July one thousand eight hundred and two, discount of

in lieu and instead of the allowance by way

ofdifcount

41. 108. per

nt ofcent. on the

four pounds ten shillings per centum (on the sums payable duties on

for duties imposed on newspapers), granted by an act of the newspapers

forty -first year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, allowed by41

Anatt for granting to his Majesty additional stamp duties on bills Geo. 3. C. 10 .

18s. per cent.

of exchange, promissory notes, and insurances, and on certain in- in addition to

dentures, leases, bonds, or other deeds, an allowance by way of the 161.

discount of eighteen shillings only for every one hundred per cent.

pounds (in addition to the sixteen pounds per centum in the shall be paid.

said last recited acts mentioned ), shall be allowed on the sums

payable for such duties on newspapers, in like manner, and

under the like conditions, as are in the said recited act, and

an act made in the thirty-seventh year of the reign of his

present Majesty ; any thing in any act or acts of parliament

to the contrary notwithstanding .

VIII . Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it But for three

shall be lawful for the commissioners for the time being ap- months the

pointed tomanage the duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and 41. 108. per

paper , and they are hereby authorised, for and during the period ofcent. shall

three months after the passing of this act, to continue to allow be allowed

the said full additional discount of four pounds ten shillings where it

shall be

per centum on the sums payable for duties to the proprietors, proved that

printers, or publishers of newspapers in every case in which the dutybe-

it shall be proved to the satisfaction of the said commissioners fore the paff-

of stamp duties, or any three or more of them, or any officer ing of this

appointed by them , or any three or more of them, for such act has been

purpose , either by oath or otherwise, and which oath the said paid .

commissioners, or such person so appointed as aforesaid, are

hereby authorised to administer, that the full duties payable

before the passing of this act on the paper and for the printing

of the newspapers in respect whereof such allowance of discount

shall be claimed, has been paid ; any thing in this act to

the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted, ' That such of the said Duties of

duties of customs by this act granted as shall arise or become excise to be

customs and

due in that part of Great Britain called England , shall be under under the

the management of the commissioners of customs in England , management

for the time being; and such thereof as shall arise or become of the respec-

due in that part of Great Britain called Scotland , thall be under tive commif- fioners of cuf-

the management of the commissioners of customs in Scotland , toms and ex-

for the time being; and that such of the duties of excise by cisein England

this act granted as shall arise or become due in that part ofand Scotland

Great Britain called England , shall be under the management respectively.

VOL. XLIII. LLL of

882 Anno regni quadragesimo tecundo GEORGII III. c. 94. [1802.

of the commissioners of excise in England , for the time being;

and such of the said duties of excise as shall arise or become

due in that part of Great Britain called Scotland , shall be under

the management of the commissioners of excise in Scotland ,

for the time being .

Brown paper

X. And be it further enacted , That all brown paper made

made ofold

of old ropes or cordage only, without separating or extracting

ropes , &c .

deemedpaper the pitch or tar therefrom, and without any mixture of other

of 2d class, materials therewith, shall be deemed and taken to be paper of

all other pa- the second class or denomination, and shall be chargeable and

per, (except charged with duty accordingly; and that all other paper

glazed for clothiers, & c. ) whatever ( glazed paper for clothers and hot preffers excepted),

shall bedeem- shall be deemed and taken to be paper of the first class or deno-

edpaper of mination, and shall be chargeable and charged with the duty

Iftclass . by this act imposed on paper of the first class or denomination ;

any thing in this or any other act or acts of parliament to

the contrary in anywise notwithstanding .

No pasteboard shall be made,

XI. And be it further enacted, That , from and after the

exceptofpa-

said fifth day of July one thousand eight hundred and two,

per thathas

no pasteboard shall be made in Great Britain of or from any

paidexcife duties, on

material or materials whatever, save and except paper which

shall have been charged with the full duties of excise payable

painoffor-

feiture , and

thereon, and which shall not have been written or printed on

of rool .

or previously used for any purpose whatever, on pain of for-

feiting all the pasteboard which shall be fo made of or from any

other material or materials than aforesaid , and also ofall theim-

plements, and utenfi's, and materials, and preparations employed

or used in making such pasteboard, and also the fum of one

hundred pounds; and all such pasteboard, implements, and

utensils, and materials, and preparations shall and may be

Pasteboard

seized by any officer or officers of excite.

makers shall

XII. And be it further enacted, That before any maker or

produceto

makers of pasteboard shall begin to make any paper into

officers of

pasteboard he, she, or they thall produce to the proper officer

excise the pa- or officers of excise all such paper as shall by him, her, or them

perintended

tobemade

be intended to be made into pasteboard in the original covers

into paste- board , and

or wrappers in which the fame was charged, and having the

excise duty stamp fair and legible on each ream thereof , and

shallgive notice for

shall take the said covers or wrappers from the said paper in

thatpurpose, the presence of such officer, who shall thereupon take account

onforfeiture , of such paper , and of the quantity and weight thereof , and

for neglect, shall destroy the duty stamp on each and every of the said

ofrool. covers or wrappers ; and, to the intent that such officer may be

enabled to attend, and examine, and take account of such

paper, every and all such maker or makers of pasteboard shall

give to the proper officer of excise twenty-four hours notice in

writing of his intention to produce such paper, and shall specify

in such notice the true quantity of paper intended to be pro-

duced , and the day and hour when he intends so to produce

the fame ; and if any such maker or makers of pasteboard shall

i

neglect or refuse togive such notice as aforesaid, or shall ufe

or

1802. ] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 94. 883

or employ any paper in the making of pasteboard before the

same shall have been produced to and taken account of by

such proper officer or officers as aforesaid, every such maker

of pasteboard shall, for each and every such offence, forfeit From March

the fum of one hundred pounds. 25 , 1803,

XIII. And be it further enacted, That , from and after the no maker of pasteboard

twenty- fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and three , shall carry on

no maker . or makers of pasteboard shall carry on the trade the business of

or business of a maker of paper, nor shall any maker or makers a maker of pa-

of pasteboard be allowed to set up or carry on the trade , bu per, norcarry

onbusiness

finess, or manufacture of making pasteboard, within the distance within a quar-

of one quarter of a mile of any mill or manufactory for the ter of a mile

making of paper, on pain of forfeiting, in each and every such of any paper

case respectively , the sum of one hundred pounds ; any thing factory, on

mill or manu-

in this act or any other act or acts of parliament to the contrary penalty of

in anywise notwithstanding.

1001.

XIV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted , That paste- Pasteboard

board legally made in Great Britain, wholly of paper, which made wholly

shall have been duly charged with the duties payable thereon , ofpaper that

has paidduty ,

shall not be charged or chargeable with any further or other not to pay any

- duties imposed by this or any other act or acts of parliament. fartherduty.

XV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after Paper , paste-

the said fifth day of July one thousand eight hundred and two, board, &c.

- all paper, pasteboard, millboard, scaleboard, and glazed paper,

shall be made

which hall be made in Great Britain, or which shall be made up in manner

herein

in Ireland, and imported from thence into Great Britain, shall directed.

be made up by the maker or makers thereof , in the manner

herein -after mentioned; (that is to say) , all such paper, as

soon as made, shall be forthwith made up into quires, each

such quire to consist of twenty-four sheets ; and such quires

shall be forthwith made up into reams, each such ream to

consist of twenty such quires ; and all such pasteboard, mill-

board, scaleboard, and glazed paper respectively, shall, as soon

as made, be forthwith made up in regular parcels, each such

parcel containing even dozens of sheets of one and the fame

denomination, and of equal dimensions, and not less than

twenty-four nor more than seventy-two such sheets in each

such parcel ; and every and all such maker or makers thall, byhim,

her, or themselves, or by his, her, or their servants, cause all such

paper, pasteboard, millboard, scaleboard, and glazed paper respectively, to be immediately tied up in covers or wrappers, conform-

ably in every respect to the directions provided and contained in

an act of parliament passed in the thirty - fourth year of the

reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act for repealing

the duties on paper, pasteboard, millboard, Scaleboard and glazed

paper, and for granting other duties, in lieu thereof ; and shall

thereupon, without delay, denominate, mark, write, or print,

on each such cover or wrapper of paper, in large legible cha-

racters, and in words at length, the class of the paper enclosed

in such cover or wrapper, distinguishing in which of the two classes

LLL2

884 Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. C. 94. [1802.

classes of paper herein-before mentioned the duty for or in

respect of such paper is chargeable, together with the true

number of such ream of paper, according to the number of

such reams of paper of each such class, made by such maker

or makers, at such mill , during the current quarter of a year,

to be computed from the fifth day of January, the fifth day

of April , the fifth day of July, and the tenth day of October,

as the cafe may require, in such year; such number to be

taken progressively , beginning one, two, and so onwards, according to the number of reams of paper of each class, made

at such mill, in each such quarter of a year, and that on each

such parcel of pasteboard, millboard, scaleboard, and glazed

paper respectively, there shall in like manner, as soon as the

fame be tied up in the manner herein-before directed, be

denominated, marked, written, or printed, in large and legible

characters, and in words at length , the true description of such

parcel, and whether such parcel is pasteboard, millboard , scale-

board, or glazed paper, and the number of sheets in each such

parcel, together with the true progressive number of such

parcel of pasteboard, millboard, scaleboard , or glazed paper,

made by such maker or makers at his, her, or their respec-

tive mills or manufactures, during the then current quarter

onpenalty of of a year, commencing as aforesaid ; and if any maker or

200l. &c.

makers ofpaper, pasteboard, millboard, scaleboard, orglazed

paper, shall neglect or refuse to make and tie up, and deno-

minate all such paper, pasteboard, millboard , scaleboard , and

glazed paper in the manner herein-before directed for the space

of twenty-four hours after such paper, pasteboard, millboard ,

scaleboard, and glazed paper, shall be made; or if any such

maker or makers, after any such paper, pasteboard, millboard,

scaleboard , or glazed paper , shall be so made and tied up, and

marked and denominated as aforesaid, and before the fame

shall be respectively charged by the proper officer, shall untie

or take the fame out of the cover or wrappers, or otherwise

alter any reams or parcels, or the denominations, descriptions ,

or numbers, marked, written, or printed thereon, or on the

covers or wrappers thereof respectively, or after the same shall

have been so made and tied up, and marked and denominated

as aforesaid, and before charged by the proper officer ; or if

any such maker or makers as aforesaid shall hide or conceal ,

or take away or remove any such paper, pasteboard, millboard ,

scaleboard, or glazed paper from or out of the mill room or

other place entered for inaking, laying, or keeping the fame ,

every such maker or makers to offending shall, for each and

every such offence, forfeit the sum of two hundred pounds ,

together with all such paper, pasteboard, millboard, scaleboard,

and glazed paper, which he, she, or they shall so neglect or

refuse to make and tie up, and mark and denominate as

aforesaid, or which he, she, or they shall so untie or take out

of the covers or wrappers, or of which he , the, or they shall

alter the denomination, description , or number, or which he , the ,

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo fecundoGEORGII III . C. 94. 885

she, or they shall hide or conceal, or take away or remove

from or out of the mill room or other place entered for making,

laying, or keeping the same as aforesaid ; and all such paper,

pasteboard, millboard, scaleboard, and glazed paper shall and

may be seized by any officer or officers of excise : provided Paper may be

always, that all and every maker or makers of paper quires with-

shall be at liberty to make his, her, or their paper into quires out folding

without folding the fame , such quires when made up into it, &c.

reams, being separated by a flip of coloured paper placed

between each quire, and visible on the outside of the ream :

and provided also, that the outside quires of each and every

ream of paper shall and may consist of any number of sheets

not less than twenty nor exceeding twenty-four, at the option

of the maker or makers of such paper; any thing herein-before

contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XVI. And be it further enacted , That , from and after Paper may be

dividedwith a

the said fifth day of July one thousand eight hundred and two, knife before

it shall and may be lawful to and for any maker or makers of it is put or

paper to divide with a knife or other instrument, before such tied up in

paper shall be put or tied up in reams ; provided always, that reams, provided the

the quantity of such paper, upon which the duty may be quantity,

chargeable, shall not be in any respect lessened or diminished chargeable

thereby, and provided also that all paper, which shall be so with duty, be

divided , shall on the outside of the cover or wrapper containing and that

not lessened,

it be

the same, be distinguished by the words Cut Paper , being distinguished

marked, written, or printed thereon in large legible characters by the words

by the maker or makers thereof respectively ; any thing in this Cut Paper.

or any other act or acts of parliament to the contrary in anywise

notwithstanding.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That any person or Persons tak

persons who shall be convicted of wilfully taking a false oath, ing afalse

oath, tobe

in any of the cases in which an oath is required to be taken liable to the

by virtue of this act or any other act or acts of parliament penalty for

in force immediately before the passing of this act, in order perjury.

to obtain any drawback or allowance by this act granted,

shall be liable to the pains and penalties to which persons

are liable for wilful and corrupt perjury.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the duties ofDuties and

drawbacks

customs and excise , and drawbacks and allowances respectively (exceptwhere

granted by this act, shall (except where any alteration is ex- alteredby by this

pressly made by this act) , be managed , ascertained, raised, act) , shall be

levied , collected , recovered, answered , and paid, adjudged, managed as

the like duties

mitigated, and allowed , in such and the like manner, and in anddraw-

orby any or either of the means, ways, or methods respectively, backs might

by which the like respective duties of customs and excise, be under acts

and drawbacks and allowances were or might be raised, levied, now in force,

and the goods

collected, answered, paid, recovered, adjudged, mitigated, and shall be under

allowed by any act or acts now in force relating to the duties of like regula-

customs and excise respectively, and that all the goods, wares, mer- tions.

chandizes, or commodities so by this act respectively made liable

to the payment of or chargeable with duties of customs or excise

LLL3refpec-

886 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 94. [1802.

respectively, or so entitled to drawbacks or allowances, shall be, and

the same are hereby made subject and liable (except where any

alteration is expressly made by this act), to all and every the

conditions, rules, regulations, restrictions, provisions , and for-

feitures respectively, to which goods, wares, or merchandize

in general, and also all and every the special conditions, rules ,

regulations, restrictions, and forfeitures respectively, to which

the like goods, wares, or merchandizes respectively, were

subject and liable by any act or acts of parliament in force at

and immediately before the passing of this act, respecting the

duties of customs and excise respectively; and all and every

pain, penalty , fine, or forfeiture, of any nature or kind what-

foever, as well pains of death as others, for any offence what-

foever committed against or in breach of any act or acts of

parliament in force at and immediately before the commencement of this act, made for securing the revenue of customs

or excise respectively , or for the regulation or improvement

thereof , and the several powers, directions, clauses, matters,

and things therein contained, ( unless where expressly altered

by this act), hall and the same are hereby respectively di-

rected and declared to extend to, and the fame respectively shall

be applied, practised, and put in execution, for and in respect

of the said duties of customs and excise, and drawbacks hereby

charged and allowed, in as full and ample manner to all intents

and purposes whatsoever, as if all and every the said acts,

clauses, conditions, rules, regulations, restrictions, provisions,

powers , directions, fines, penalties, forfeitures, matters, and

things respectively, were particularly repeated and re-enacted

in the body of this act.

XIX. And whereas contracts may have been made before the fifth

day of July one thousand eight hundred and two, by makers of

or dealers in paper , for serving paper, to be delivered in point of

time after the said fifth day of July one thousand eight hundred and

For paper de- two ; be it therefore enacted, That such makers of or dealers

livered after in paper serving such paper after the said fifth day of July

July5, 1802, one thousand eight hundred and two , in pursuance of such

on contracts

prior thereto, former contracts, shall add or deduct, as the cafe may be , a

anequivalent fum equivalent equal to difference between the duties by this

to the duty to act granted, and the duties hereby repealed, for or in respect

be deducted . of such paper from the contract price of such paper , and the

person or persons having contracted for the sale or purchase

of such paper, shall be entitled to such excess or deduction,

according as the cafe may be.

Duties to be

carried to the XX. And be it further enacted , That all the monies arising

consolidated by the duties by this act imposed (the necessary charges of

fund .

raising and accounting for the same excepted ), shall, from

time to time, be paid into the receipt of his Majesty's ex-

chequer at Westminster , and the said money fo paid into the

said receipt of exchequer as aforesaid , shall be carried to and

made part of the consolidated fund.

XXI. Provided

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 95. 887

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That Application

out of the monies arising or to arise by the rates and duties by of duties.

this act granted, after setting apart at the receipt of the ex-

chequer quarterly the fum of eighteen thousand seven hundred

and fifty pounds, in manner and for the purpose directed by

an act, passed in the thirty-fourth year of the reign of his present

Majesty, intituled, An act for repealing the duties on paper,

pasteboard , Scaleboard, and glazed paper , and for granting other

duties in lieu thereof , the further sum of thirty- three thousand fix

hundred and fifty-eight pounds, being one fourth part of the

annual average produce for three years, ending the fifth day

of July one thousand seven hundred and ninty-nine, of the

remainder of the rates and duties bythe said recited act granted,

shall be reserved and set apart at the said receipt at the end of

every quarter of a year after the passing of this act ; that is

to fay, on the tenth day of October, the fifth day of January,

the fifth day of April , and the fifth day of July in every year,

for the remainder of the period of ten years in the said last

recited act mentioned, in manner and according to the di-

rections and provisions of the said recited act, and for the

purposes therein mentioned ; and after setting apart the several

fums above mentioned, or fo much as shall be sufficient, the

remainder of the monies arising or to arise by the rates and

duties hereby granted, shall , at the end of each such quarter

as aforesaid , be entered in the separate account directed to be

kept at the office of the auditor of the receipt of his Majesty's

exchequer at Westminster, by an act , passed in the last session

of parliament, intituled , An act for granting to his Majesty

certain additional duties on paper, pasteboard, millboard, and scale-

board, made in or imported into Great Britain ; and on tea imported

into and fold in Great Britain, and shall be fet apart as an ad-

dition made to the publick revenue for the purposes in the

said last recited act mentioned .

CAP. XCV.

An act for repealing the duties, granted by an act made in thisfeffion

of parliament, on spermaceti oil , blubber, train oil , fish oil , or oil of

seals , andgranting other duties in lieu thereof; for repealing the

duties, granted by the said act , on linen yarn made of flax , and on

goods, wares, or merchandize imported by the East India company,

and exportedfrom the warehouse in which the same shall have been

secured; for exempting stone, the produce ofGuernsey, Jersey , Al-

derney, Sark , or Man, from duty ; and for permitting merchandize, the produce of any of the colonies ceded to the French andBa-

tavian republicks, to be importedfor three years from the passing of

this act , upon payment of certain duties.-[ June 26, 1802.]

WHEREAS by an act passed in the present fession of parliament,

intituled , An act for granting to his Majesty certain duties

C. 43.on goods imported into and exported from Great Britain ; and

on the tonnage of ships and vessels entering outwards or inwards

LLL4 in

888 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 95. [1802.

in any port of Great Britain to or from foreign parts, amongst

other things the following duties are imposed on the importation ofblub-

ber andoil respectively ; (that is tosay ), on spermaceti oil , the ton,

containing two hundred andfifty-two gallons, a duty of two pounds

twelve shillings and eight-pence ; on blubber, not ofNewfoundland ,

the ton , containing two hundred and fifty- two gallons, a duty ofthirteen

shillings andfixpence ; and on train oil , fish oil , or oil of jeals , or other

creatures living in thefeas, not otherwise enumerated or described in

the said act, the ton , containing two hundred andfifty-two gallons , a

duty of one pound and three- pence : and whereas it is expedient 10 repeal the said duties and to impose other duties in lieu thereof ; be it

therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and

with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal ,

From May 12,

and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the

1802, thedu-'

authority of the same , That , from and after the twelfth day of

ties granted

May one thousand eight hundred and two, the aforesaid duties

byrecited act

on spermaceti oil, blubber

imposed by the said recited act, shall be, and the same are hereby

repealed, fave and except in all cases relating to the recovering

andtrain oil ,

or paying any arrears thereof , which may remain unpaid, or to

&c. shall be

any fine, penalty, or forfeiture relating thereto, which shall have

repealed ;

been incurred at any time before the passing of his act.

and instead

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the twelfth

thereof the

duties herein

day of May one thousand eight hundred and two, in lieu and in-

mentioned

stead of the said duties hereby repealed, there shall be raised ,

shall be levied. levied, collected, and paid unto his Majesty, his heirs and fuc-

cessors, in ready money, without any discount whatever, upon

the importation of blubber and oil respectively, the following

duties; that is to say, on spermaceti oil, the ton, containing two

hundred and fifty-two gallons, a duty of two pounds three shillings and ten-pence; on blubber not of Newfoundland , the ton,

of two hundred and fifty-two gallons, a duty of eleven shillings

and three-pence; and on train oil, fish oil, or oil of seals, or

other creatures living in the seas, not otherwise enumerated or

described in the said recited act, the ton, containing two hundred

and fifty- two gallons, a duty of sixteen shillings and ten- pence ,

and fo in proportion for any greater or less quantity.

III. And whereas by the said recited all , amongst other things, a

duty is imposed upon the importation of raw linen yarn made of flax,

at the rate ofthreepounds twelvespillings for every one hundred pounds ,

of the true and real value of such yarn , and whereas it is expedient

From May 12, that the said dutyshould be repealed , be it therefore enacted, That,

1802, duty

imposedbythe from and after the twelfth day of May one thousand eight hun-

recited act on dred and two, the aforesaid duty , imposed by the said recited act

the importa- upon the importation of raw linen yarn made of flax, shall be,

tion of raw

linen yarn

and the fame is hereby repealed (fave and except in all cafes

shall be

relating to the recovering or paying any arrears thereof which

repealed.

may remain unpaid, or to any fine, penalty, or forfeiture relating

thereto, which shall have been incurred at any time before the

passing of this act) .

IV. And whereas by the said recited act certain duties are imposed

on the importation of goods, wares, and merchandize, by the united

company

1

1802. ] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 95. 889

company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies : and

whereas it is expedient that the said duties, imposed by the said recited The duties

act , should not be charged or chargeable upon any goods, wares, or mer- imposed by

chandize imported by the East India company, and warehoused and ex- the recited

ported directly from the warehouse or act the

warehouses in which the fame importation

shall have been respectively lodged orfecured according to the laws in ofgoodsby

force on and immediately before the passing of this at; be it therefore the East India

enacted , That the aforesaid duties imposed by the said recited act company shall

ت

passed in the present session of parliament, shall not be charged or notbe charg-

ed, incafe

chargeable upon the importation of any goods, wares , and mer- the fame shall

chandize, by the united company ofmerchants of England trading be warehoused

to the East Indies, in cafe such goods thall be warehoused and ex- and exported

porteddirectly from the warehouse orwarehouses in which the directly

from the

same shall have been respectively lodged or secured according to warehouse

the laws in force on and immediately before the passing of this in which

act. secured .

V. And be it further enacted, That the duties hereby imposed In what man-

shall and may be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, nerduties

answered, paid , secured, recovered, appropriated, and applied in naged, levied ,

such and the like manner, and in and byfuch and the like ways, and applied.

means, or methods, by which the duties of customs hereby repealed, on the like goods, wares, or merchandize imposed and

payable by an act passed in the twenty- seventh year of the reign

of his present Majesty, or by any other act or acts of parliament

in force , on and immediately before the passing of this act, were

or might be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, an-

swered, paid, secured, recovered, appropriated, and applied , and

the goods, wares, or merchandize, so bythis act made chargeable

with the said duties, shall be and the same are hereby made fub-

ject and liable to all and every the conditions, regulations, rules ,

restrictions , penalties, and forfeitures, to which any goods, wares,

or merchandize, upon which any duties of customs are imposed

and payable, were subject and liable by any act or acts of parliament in force, on or immediately before the passing of this act,

and all and every pain, penalty, fine, or forfeiture for any

offence whatever, committed against or in breach of any act or

acts of parliament in force, on or immediately before the passing

of his act, made for securing the revenue of customs or for the

regulation or improvementthereof , and the several clauses, powers,

and directions therein contained, shall and they are hereby directed

and declared to extend to and shall be respectively applied, prac-

tifed , and put in execution, for and in respect of the duties hereby

charged as far as the same are applicable thereto, in as full and

ample a manner to all intents and purposes whatever, as if all

and every the said acts, clauses, provisions, powers , directions,

pains, penalties, and forfeitures, were particularly repeated and

re-enacted in the body of his present act.

VI. And whereas by.an act passed in the thirty- fourth year of the

reign of his present Majesty, intituled , An act for granting to his 34Geo. 3.

Majesty certain duties of customs on flate , stone, and marble, c. 5 .

amongst other things, certain duties are imposed upon all stone, thepro- duction

:890 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 95. [1802.

duction ofGuernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man : and where-

as it is expedient that all stone, cut or manufactured into burrstones,

and all stones used for the purpose of paving, or for the purpose of

making or mending roads, being the production ofGuernsey, Jersey,

Alderney, Sark, or Man, should be exempt from the payment of

Burr stones, duty ; be it therefore enacted, That all such stones shall be, and

and paving flones, the the same are hereby declared to be, exempt from the duty by

production of the said recited act ; provided the proprietor or proprietors, or

Guernsey , &c, consignee or consignees thereof shall, previous to the fame being

exempt from unshipped or landed from on board the ship or vessel in which

dutybyre-

cited act, on

the fame shall have been imported, make, with the proper officer

certain con-

of the customs at the port or place where the same shall be

ditions.

imported a regular entry of such goods, and shall make oath

thereon before the officer, who is hereby authorised and required

to administer the same that such goods are of the denomination

or description aforesaid, and with respect to paving stones that

the same are intended for the purposes of being made use ofin

paving or making or mending of roads only.

Such tones

shall be subject

VII. And be it further enacted, That all stone exempt from

to the condi- duty by this act , shall be subject and liable to such and the like

tions prescrib- conditions, restrictions, forfeitures , and penalties, as are prescrib-

ed by the re - ed, directed, and imposed by the said recited act, as fully and

cited act ;

effectually to all intents and purposes, as ifall the clauses, pow-

i

ers, directions , and authorities of the said recited act were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the body of his present act.

and to entitle

VIII. Provided always, That nothing in this act contained

to exemption shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend , to permit

from duty,

thall be accom- the importation from Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man,

panied with a of any stone as aforesaid, duty free, unless such stone shall be ac-

certificate af- companied with a certificate or certificates ascertaining the fame

certaining them to bethe to be the production of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man,

production of respectively, according to the laws in force on and immediately

Guernsey, &c. before the passing of the said recited act of the thirty- fourth year of

the reign of his present Majesty.

IX. And whereas certain colonies andplantations in America, are

by the late definitive treaty ofpeace, to be delivered up to the French

For three

and Batavian republicks ; be it therefore enacted, That, during

years , goods the period of three years from the passing of this act, it shall be

maybeem-

portedfrom lawful to import directly from thence into this kingdom, any

certain colo- goods, wares, and merchandize, being the growth, production, or

nies in Ameri- manufacture of the said respective colonies or plantations, upon

ca ceded to

France, &c.

payment of such duties as would have been or would be due

on payment

and payable for such goods, if they had been imported from any

of the duties payable on importation from the Bri-

of the British West India islands, in British ships ; any thing in

any act or acts of parliament in force , at the time of the passing :

of this act, to the contrary notwithstanding.

tish West In-

X. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, Thattheim-

dies.

porter or importers of such goods, from any of the said colonies or

Conditions on plantations herein-before mentioned, shall make oath before the

which such collector and comptroller of his Majesty's customs at the port of im-

goods shall be

fo imported, portation in this kingdom, ( which oath such collector and comp- troller

مون

20

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 96. 891

troller are hereby empowered to administer) , that to the best of his

or their knowledge and belief , the goods so imported are really and

bonâ fide the growth, production , or manufacture of the said respec-

tive colonies or plantations ;and on default of such oath the goods

so imported shall be subject to the payment of the like duties as

they would be liable to if imported from any foreign West India

island; and such goods shall upon importation into this kingdom

be subject and liable to the like securities, restrictions, regulations, penalties, and forfeitures, in all other respects not altered

by this act, as they would be liable to if they were shipped at

and imported from any British island in the West Indies.

CAP. XCVI.

An act to authorise the commissioners of excise to order the restora-

tion of exciseable goods seised or detained by officers of excise.-

[ June 26, 1802.]

HEREAS it is expedient to give power and authority to the

Wcommissioner's ofexcife in

England and Scotland respectively,

or the major part of them respectively, to order the restoration of any

exciseable goods and commoditiesfeifed or detained by any officer or

officers of excise, to be restored to the claimants or owners thereof ,

on such terms and conditions, or on payment of such fine or penalty as

the said commissioners shall think reasonable and proper ; be it there .

fore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty , by and with

the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and

commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the fame , That , from and after the passing of this act, Until March

until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred 25, 1803, the

and three, it shall and maybe lawful to and for the fail com-

commission-

missioners of excise respectively , or the major part of them re- may cause

ers ofexcife

respectively, and they are hereby authorised and empowered to goods seized

cause any goods or commodities which may have been seised by their offi-

or detained by any officer or officers of excise for any cause of cers to be

restored to

forfeiture whatever, to be restored to the claimer or owner the owners,

thereof , either absolutely and unconditionally, or on payment, either uncon-

in every case where such respective commissioners shall deem ditionally, or

right a

ir expences

and proper, of the

attending the seizure, de- expencesand

tention , and of any proceedings that may have been had there- penalty.

onpayment of

on, and also of any such fine or penalty as the said respective commissioners shall, in each respective case, judge or deem reasonable

and proper; any thing in any act or acts of parliament to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding .

II. Provided always, That no person shall be entitled by rea- Such restora-

fon of the restoration of anyfuchgoods or commodities to bring or tion shall not

maintain any action, suit , or information for the seizure or deten entitle persons

tion thereofagainst any person or persons who shall have seized actions for

tobring

or detained the fame , or been concerned therein.

seizure.

CAP.

892 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 97. [1802

CAP. XCVII.

An att to authorise the lord high treasurer or commissioners of the

treasury in Great Britain, and the lord high treasurer or com.

missioners of the treasury in Ireland, to order the use of the by

drometers now employed in the management of the revenues , to

bediscontinued , and other instruments to be used instead thereof .

- [June 26, 1802. ]

HEREAS by an actpassed in the twenty- seventh year

27Geo. 3.

c.-

Wreign of of the

his present Majesty, intituled, An act for making allowances to the dealers in foreign wines, for the stock ofcer-

tain foreign wines in their possession at a certain time , upon

which the duties on importation have been paid ; and for

amending several laws relative to the revenue of excise, it was

enacted , that allspirits should be deemedand taken to be of thestrength

at which the hydrometer , commonly called Clarke's Hydrometer

should, upon trial by an officer or officers of excise , denotefuchfpirits

to be ; which provision was continued by divers other acts , and made

perpetual by an act passed in the forty- first year of the reign of his

present Majesty: and whereas it is expedient that the lords commif-

fioners of bis Majesty's treasury in England and Ireland respectively ,

should be empowered to direct that the use of such hydrometer should

bediscontinued , and that any other hydrometer should be used in lieu

thereof ; be it therefore enacted, by the King's most excellent

majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiri-

tual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament

The treasury assembled, and by the authority of the same , That, from and after

in Great Bri- thepaffing of this act, it shall be lawful for the lords commission-

tain and Ire .

land maydi ers of his Majesty's treasury in Great Britain , or any three or

rectthat the more of them, for the time being, and for the lords commission-

ufeofClarke's ers of his Majesty's treasury in Ireland for the time being, or

Fydrometer any three or more of them respectively, in Great Britain and

ing the strength of

Ireland , by their respective warrants, to order and direct that

the use of the said hydrometer called Clarke's Hydrometer by

spirits for the

officers ofexcife in the trial of the degree of the strength of spirits

purposesof

revenue shall

for any purposes relating to the ascertaining the amount of any

bedisconti- nued, and may

duties of customs or excise on any spirits, or for any purpose

or purposes whatever relating to any revenue of customs or ex-

appoint the

cife , or any regulations relating thereto , shall be discontinued,

use of any

other in lieu

and that any other hydrometer specified in any such warrant ,

thereof , &c.

shall, for and during any time specified in any such warrant , be

used in lieu thereof; and during the continuance of any such

1

order all spirits shall be deemed and taken to be of the degree

of the strength at which any hydrometer specified in any such

warrant shall, upon trial by any officer or officers of excise, de-

note such spirits to be , to all intents and purposes , as if any

such hydrometer was particularly specified in this act, any thing

in the said act of the forty-first year aforesaid, or any other act

or acts to the contrary thereof notwithstanding; and all rules ,

regu-

TH

C

2

3

こ

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 99. 893

regulations, provisions, penalties, forfeitures , clauses, matters,

and things in any act or acts relating to the ascertaining the

degree of strength of any spirits, or relating to the degree of

strength of any spirits for any purpose whatever relating to any

revenue of customs or excise bythe said hydrometer called Clarke's

Hydrometer , shall be in full force and applied in all respects as

to any hydrometer specified in any such warrant during the continuance of the period for which the same shall be thereby di-

rected to be used ; as fully and effectually as if the fame were

hereby particularly re-enacted as to any such hydrometer.

1 CAP. XCVIII.1

An act to continue until the fifth day of July one thousand eight hundred

and three, two acts made in the thirty-eighth year of the reign of his

present Majesty, and in the last session of parliament, for the further

encouragement of the trade and manufactures of the isle of Man ; and

for improving the revenue thereof.-[June 26, 1802. ]

CAP. XCIX.

An actfor allowing thestamping certain deeds until the thirty - first

day of December one thousand eight hundred and two ; for

amending an act ,passed in the thirty- sixth year of the reign of his

present Majesty , relating toduties on

legacies andshares ofpersonal

estates ;for exempting certain legaciesfrom the payment of duty ;

for reducing the allowances on present payment ofstamp duties ;

and for reducing certain stamp duties on policiesforfea infuran ces .

- [June 26, 1802.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that further timeshould be given

for the stamping, without thepenalty, certain indentures, leases ,

bonds , or other deeds , for which astamp duty of three shillings is

chargeable by an act passed in the thirty- seventh year of his present

Majesty's reign ; and two additional duties are chargeable by two

Several acts passed in the lastsession of parliament; be it therefore

enacted by the King's most excellent majesty , by and with the

advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and

commons, in this present parliament assembled , and by the authorityof the fame, That it shall be lawful for any person or per- Persons send-

sons who shall at any time on or before the thirty- first day ofing to the

stamp office

December one thousand eight hundred and two, have used any before Dec.

vellum, parchment, or paper , on which such additional duties 31, 1802 ,

are imposed, and which shall be duly stamped in the manner indentures

required bythe laws in force, on and immediately before the and other

deedsdulyfifth day of July one thousand eight hundred and one , to bring stamped as

or send the same to the said head office at any time before the required be-

said thirty- first day of December one thousand eight hundred and fore the paff-

two , inorder that the fame may be stamped as aforesaid, on paying of41 Geo.

ment of the said additional duties granted by the said acts of 3. c. 1o and86.

may have the

the last session of parliament ; and it shall be lawful for the said same stamped,

commissioners of stamp duties, or their officers appointed for on payment of

such purpose , to stamp the fame, on payment of the said additio- the additional

nal

894 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 99. [ 1802.

duties, with- nal duties only , without any penalty; any thing in any act or

outbeingfub- acts of parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

ject topenalty .

Where exe-

II. And be it further enacted, That in every case in which

cutors, &c .

any executor or executors , or administrator or administrators,

shall nothave

shall not have paid the duties granted and payable upon or in

paidthedut

respect of any legacies, or any personal estate , or any share or

tiespayable

onlegacies

shares of any personal estate , of any persons dying intestate , by

inproper time , the

and in pursuance of an act pasfed in the thirty-sixth year of

the reign of his present Majesty , or any other act or acts of

court of ex-

parliament relating to duties on legacies or shares of personal

chequer, on estates, within proper and reasonable time , it shall be lawful

application from thecom- for his Majesty's court of exchequer, upon application to be

missioners for made for that purpose on behalf of the commissioners appoint-

stamps, may ed for managing the duties on stamped vellum, parchment, or

grant a rule

to thew cause paper, on such affidavit or affidavits as to the said court may

why such ex- appear to be sufficient , to grant a rule , ' requiring such execu-

ecutors, &c. tor or executors , administrator or administrators, to shew cause

should not

why he, she, or they should not deliver to the said commissioners

deliver in an

account upon

an account, upon oath, of all the legacies, or of the personal

oath of the

property, respectively paid , or to be paid, or administered by

legacies paid, him, her, or them, as the cafe may be, and why the duties

&c.

on any such legacies, or any shares or residue of any such personal estate, have not been paid or should not be forthwith

paid according to law, and to make any such rule of court ab-

folute in every case in which the same may appear to the said

court to be proper and necessary for the better enforcing the

payment of any of the said duties.

Registers of III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for

ecclesiastical the commissioners for managing the duties on stamped vellum,

courts, within

one month parchment, or paper, to require of every register or other officer

after being of any ecclesiastical court having the custody or care of any

required , thall wills proved in any such court, or account or register of any

deliver an

account of

administrations granted in any such court, an account of all

wills and

such wills and letters of administration, together with the par-

administra- ticulars relating thereto, and extracts from any such wills as

tions in their mayseem necessary to such commissioners, on payment of such

custodyto the fees as shall be agreed upon for the same, or as , in case of any

commissioners

of stamps,

dispute, shall be fettled and allowed bythe ecclesiastical court

onpenalty

ofsol .

for that purpose; and every such officer as aforesaid is hereby authorised and required, within one month after any such re-

quifitionfo made by the said commissioners, or any three of

more of them, or by any person authorised by them for that

purpose, to make out and deliver such account as aforesaid ;

and if any such register or other officer as aforesaid thall refuse

or neglect to make out and deliver any such account as aforesaid , within one month after any demand made as aforesaid, or

shall knowingly or wilfully make out and deliver any false account, every such register or other officer shall forfeit for every

such offence fifty pounds, to be recovered by information in the

name of his Majesty's attorney general, to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and fuccessors.

IV. And

كلا

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III C. 99. 895

IV. And whereas the late Anthony Morris Storer esquire, be- The legacies

of A. Morris

queathed to the provost and fellows of Eton college, to be kept and pre- Storer esq. of

Jerved for the use of Eton college , and not for the purposes offale , books, &c. to

avery valuable collection of books, drawings, and prints, collected Eton college,

with the greatest care and judgement , and at a very considerable and the

expence : and whereas the late Samuel Whitbread esquire, bequeathed legacy of

S. Whitbread

to hisfon Samuel Whitbread esquire , and his two nephews Jacob elq . of 8000l.

Whitbread and John Wingate Jennings, esquires, thesum of eight for a publick

thousand pounds, in trust for the purpose of erecting and endowing hospital, small

a publick hospital or infirmary in or near the town of Bedford , or

be exempted

in the county of Bedford, for the reception and relief offick and lame

fromduty.

objects within the fame town and county : and whereas it is expedient that the fame should be exempted from the duties imposed on

legacies, be it therefore further enacted , That the said respective

legacies, and each of them, shall be exempted from the payment of the duties granted upon legacies, and all and every

person and persons who hath or have incurred any penalty or forfei-

ture, by any neglect or omission relating to or by reason of any

non- payment of any duties in respect of the said respective le-

gacies , or either of them, shall be, and are and is hereby dif

charged of and from, and indemnified against the fame; any

thing in any act or acts to the contrary notwithstanding

V. And be it further enacted, That the allowance after the The allow-

rate of four pounds in one hundred pounds per annum for fix ance of41.

months, authorised to be made by an act of parliament, passed per cent.authorifedby

in the fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty , intituled , 5Geo. 3. С.46.

An act for altering thestamp duties upon admissions into corporations and 7 Geo. 3 .

or companies ; and for further securing and improving thestamp du. c. 44, or any

ties in Great Britain, and by another act, passed in the seventh other act, to

be made to

year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An attfor persons tak-

altering the flamp duties upon policies of assurance ; and for reducing ing at one

the allowance to be made in respect of the prompt payment of the time fol.

worthof

Stamp duties on licences for retailing beer, ale, and other exciseable stamps or

liquors ; and for explaining and amending several acts of parliament upward , shall,

relating tohackney coaches and chairs ; and by any other actor acts re- after July 5 .

lating to any stamp duties, whereby anylike allowance, not exceed- 1802, cease ;

ing the amountaforesaid, is allowed or authorised to be made to

every person who shall at one time bring to be stamped, or buy

of the commissioners for managing the stamp duties on vellum,

parchment, or paper , the duties whereof shall amount to ten

pounds and upwards, upon the present payment of the said

duties shall, from and after the fifth day of July next, cease

and determine.

VI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the and instead

said fifth day of June one thousand eight hundred and two, in- thereof the

allowances

stead and in lieu of such allowance , it shall be lawful for the herein men-

said commissioners for managing the stamp duties on vellum, tioned shall be

parchment, or paper , and they are hereby required on demand made.

thereof , to allow and pay in Great Britain, to every person who

shall at one time bring to be stamped, or buy of the said commissioners vellum, parchment, or paper charged with any stamp

duties ,

-------

L

896 Anno regni quadragsimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 99. [1802.

duties , upon which any allowance to the amount aforesaid has

beenheretofore allowed and paid by such commissioners as aforesaid, the duties whereof shall , in the whole , amount to thirty

pounds, the fum of nine shillings and no more, for such amount

of thirty pounds as aforesaid ; and the further fum of one shilling and sixpence and no more, for every further amount of five

pounds, above such thirty pounds, aforesaid, upon the present

payment of the said duties atthe head office for marking or

stamping vellum, parchment, and pa paper: provided always, that

nothing herein contained shall extend , or beconstrued toextend,

to alter or repeal any provisions or powers in any act or acts re-

lating to the allowing and paying any greater or different allowance, in relation to any stamp duties in respect whereof

any greater or different allowance than aforesaid is allowed and

directed to be given or made by any act or acts of parliament.

VII. And whereas it is expedient that the duties now payable on

policies ofinsuranceshould be reduced in allcases where the premium,

or consideration in nature ofa premium, actually and bonâ fide paid,

given, or contractedfor, shall not exceed the rate oftwentyshillings

for every hundred pounds insured; be it therefore further enacted,

AfterAug. 1 , That, from and after the first day of August one thousand eight

1802, where hundred and two, in every case where the premium, or con-

the premium actually paid

sideration in the nature of a premium, actually and bonâfide paid,

shallnot ex- given, or contracted for , shall not exceed the rate of twenty

ceed 205. for millings for every or any one hundred pounds insured, the re-

every 100l. spective proportions of the duties granted and imposed by the

insured, one

halfof the respective acts herein-after mentioned; that is to say, one half

duty of of the stamp duty of two shillings and sixpence granted and

2s. 6d. grant- imposed by an act, passed in the thirty- fifth year of the reign

edby 35 Geo. 3. c. 63 .

of his present Majesty , intituled, An allfor granting to his Majesty

and one half certain stamp duties onsea insurances, and also one half of the

of the duty of zs. 6d. additional stamp duty of two shillings and sixpence granted and

imposed by an act , passed in the forty-first year of the reign

by41Geo . 3. of his present Majesty, intituled, An att for granting to his Ma-

c. 10. on poli.

cies of infur- jesty additional stamp duties on bills of exchange, promissory notes, and

ance, shall insurances, and on certain indentures, leases, bonds, or other deeds,

ceale ; and in-upon every skin or piece of vellum or parchinent, or sheet or

stead thereof

there thallbe piece ofpaper, upon which any insurance upon any ship or

paidthe duties ships , goods or merchandize, or upon any other property or in-

herein men-

terest whereon insurance may lawfully be made , shall be ingrof-

tioned.

fed, printed, or written, shall cease and determine, and be no

longer paid or payable ; and that , from and after the said first

day of August one thousand eight hundred and two, there shall

be payable and paid upon all and every insurance or insurances,

where the premium, or consideration in nature of a premium,

actually and bonâ fide paid, given, or contracted for, shall not

exceed the rate oftwenty shillings for every or any one hundred

pounds, or fum not amounting to one hundred pounds, or any

progressive fums of one hundred pounds, or any fractional part

of one hundred pounds, such and the like duties only , and under and subject to the like rules and regulations as are in and by

I

N

2

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III . C. 100. 897

bythe said two last recited acts granted, imposed, enacted, and

made, upon insurances where the premium, or consideration in

the nature of a premium, actually and bonâ fide paid, given, or

contracted for, shall not exceed the rate of ten shillings per

centum on the sum insured. On insurances

VIII . Provided always, and be it further enacted , That upon onnurar

alland every such insurances, or insurance , where the premium, premium shall

orconsideration in the nature of a premium, actually and bonâ not exceed

fide paid, given, or contracted for, shall not exceed the rate of208. per cent.

twenty shillings per centum on the sum insured , it shall be and the fum

insured shall

lawful inall cases where the sum insured shall amount to two hun- be 2001. or

dred pounds or upwards, to use stamps of five shillings for every upwards , a

two hundred pounds of the sum insured, instead of stamps of stamp of 58.

two shillings and fix -pence for every one hundred pounds of the shall be used

like sum so insured.

for every2001.

insured .

CAP. C.

Anattfor enlarging the time for which horses may be let to bire

without beingfubject to any annual duty ; for explaining and amend-

ingseveral acts relating to the duties on horses, servants, and car-

riages; and for authorising the allowance in the accounts of the re-

ceivers-general of thefeveralfums advanced by them, in pursuance

of the acts for raising a provisional force of cavalry, and not

reimbursed to them by affefsment.- [June 26, 1802. ]

WHEREAS by an

act passed in the twenty-fifth year of the

present Majesty , intituled, An act for repealing 25Geo. 3.

the duties on licences taken out by persons letting horses for the c. 51.

purpose of travelling post, and on horses let to hire for travelling

post , and by time, and on stage coaches ; and for granting other

duties in lieu thereof , and also additional duties on horses let to

hire for travelling post, and by time , a duty is charged for every

horse let to birefor a day, or any less period of time, for drawing any

carriage in the manner therein mentioned ; and it is by the said act

declared and enacted , that every horse biredfor any less period of time

than two fuccessive complete days , should be deemed for the purposes of

the said act to be bired for a day, andshould be subject to all the rules ,

regulations, and restrictions, as horses hiredfor a day, or less period of

time , for drawingfuch carriages as aforesaid , are by the said att made

liable and subject to : and whereas doubts have arisen whether horsesfo

hired , in cafes where the distances shall not be ascertained, are subject

to the duty granted by the said alt for each day of such hiring; and

also whether the provisions of the said act extend to persons letting out

borses to bire by the job, for any period of time exceeding two days,

where the use of such horses cannot be previously ascertained; and it is

expedient to extend the time for which horses may be hired for such

purposes ,subject to the duties, rules, regulations, and restrictions in the

faidaltmentioned : may it therefore pleaseyour Majesty that it

may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent

majesty , by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual

and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled,

VOL. XLIII. Ммм and

898 Anno regni quadragesimo fecundoGEORGII III. C. 100. [ 1802 .

From Jan. 31, and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the thir-

1803, any

hore,& c . may ty- first day of January one thousand eight hundred and three,

be let out to any horse, mare, or gelding may be let out to hire for any period

hire for any oftime, not exceeding twenty-eight successive complete days, by

time not ex- any person or persons whatever , having obtained a licence ac-

ceeding 28 ' cording to the directions of the said act; and that every horse,

days by any licensed per- mare, or gelding hired for any less period of time than twenty-

fon; and everyeight fuccessive complete days, whether by the job or otherwise ,

horse hired

where the distance such horse , mare , or gelding shall travel, or

for a less time the use thereof , shall not be or cannot be ascertained at the time

where the dif-

tance shall not of such letting, shall be deemed to be hired for a day within the

beascertained, meaning and for the purposes of the said act, and the person and

shall be deem- persons so hiring the same shall be subject to the like duty for

ed ahiring for each day for which such horse, mare, or gelding shall be so hired ,

theday ; and

when the pe- and the person or persons letting the same shall be subject to the

riod of hiring like licence duty, and they respectively shall be subject to all the

shall exceed 28 rules, regulations, restrictions, penalties, and forfeitures as per-

days, it shall fons letting horses to hire, or hiring the same for a day, or less

be reckoned as

for two or period of time , for the purposes of the said act , are by the said

more days, act made liable and subject to; and every horse, mare, or

&c.; and the gelding hired for any period oftime exceeding twenty-eight fuc-

personsletting cessive complete days, for the purposes mentioned in the said act ,

to hire, and

the persons whether by the job or otherwise, where the distance such horse,

hiring, shall be mare, or gelding shall travel, or the use thereof , shall not be or

liable to the cannot be ascertained at the time of such letting, shall be deemed

regulations ofto be hired for two or more days, and the person or persons so

the recited act . letting the same to hire, and hiring the same respectively, shall be

subject to all the rules, regulations, restrictions, penalties, and

forfeitures as persons letting horses to hire , or hiring the fame ,

for the purposes of the said act, are by the said act made liable

and subject to; and all the powers , provisions, clauses, matters ,

and things in the said act contained, for charging the duty in

cafes of such letting for a day, as are mentioned in the said act,

shall extend to all cafes of such letting for twenty-eight fuccef-

five complete days, or any less period oftime, where the distance

or use as aforesaid shall not be or cannot be ascertained; and

also all the powers, provisions , clauses , matters, and things in the

said act contained for preventing frauds, where horses shall be let

to hire, as expressed in the said act for two or more days shall

extend and be applied to all cases of letting horses to hire as

aforesaid, for twenty- eight or more fuccessive complete days, a5

fully and effectually as if the provisions of this act before mentioned had been inserted in the said recited act, and incorporated

Tickets fup- therewith ; and the notes, tickets, or certificates to be supplied

pliedby the from the stamp office as directed by the said act , to distinguith

itampoffice the cafes of horses being hired for a day, or any less period of

theto distinguith time, from hirings for two or more days, shall respectively be

horses hired filled up and delivered to distinguish the cases of letting for

for adayfrom twenty- eight days, or any less period of time , from hirings for

hirings fortwo more than twenty -eight days, but nevertheless in all other

or more days. respects

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 100. 899

respects in the manner and under the regulations contained in

the said act.

II. And be it further enacted, That every person letting anyPersonsletting

horses to hire for any period oftime exceeding twenty-eight fuc- horses tohire

cessive complete days, shall, from and after the thirty- first day toceeding for any time

of January one thousand eight hundred and three, in an accountdays, shall,

tobe provided annually, and prepared as herein-after is menti- from Jan. 31,

oned , enter or cause to be entered a note or memorandum of1803, in a

every ticket or certificate of such hiring, to be issued by him or provided an-

book tobe

her in pursuance of the said recited act and this act, on the dayPro nually, enter

onwhich the same shall be issued, and shall insert therein the daya memoran-

of the month, the number of horses so hired, and the period of dum of every .

such hiring, and the name and place of abode of the person hiring ticket issued

in manner

the same, and to which such person shall add the name of every herein men-

servant, whether coachman, groom, postilion, or helper, hired tioned , on pe-

with such horses, and also the description of every carriage, nalty of sol.;

whether coach, berlin, landau, chariot, sociable, calash, chaise

marine, chaise, or caravan, by whatever name or names the same

may be called or known, and let to hire with such horses ; and

if any person so letting horses to hire shall neglect to insert in

such account a note or memorandum of every such ticket or

certificate in the manner before directed, or to make such addition thereto as is before directed, or shall , wilfully insert therein

any false or fictitious account, with a fraudulent intent, every

such person shall forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds.

III. And be it further enacted, That every person letting toand persons

hire any coachman, groom, postilion, or helper, or any coach, letting fer-

berlin, landau, chariot, calash, chaise marine, chaise, or caravan, vants and car-

or any other carriage, by whatever name the samemaybecalled , riages shall keep an

tohire

without letting horses therewith, shall also, from and after the accountthere-

thirty- first day of January one thousand eight hundred and three, ofin like

enter or cause to be entered in such account as aforesaid , on the manner, on

day on which the same shall be let, the day of the month, the penalty ofsol.

name of each servant, and the description of each carriage fo

hired, and the period of such hiring, and the name and place of

abode of the person hiring the same; and if any person so letting

to hire any servants or carriages shall neglect to insert in such

account any of the particulars before mentioned, or shall wilfully

insert therein any false or fictitious account with a fraudulent

intent, every such person shall forfeit and pay the fum of fifty

pounds.

IV. And whereas by an act passed in the present session of parliament, intituled , An act for granting to his Majesty certain addi- c. 37.

tional duties on servants, carriages, horses, mules, and dogs, and

for consolidating the fame with the present duties thereon, certain

duties are granted onfervants, carriages, and horses, to be raised under

the regulations of the said act , and consolidated with other duties

granted byformer acts : and whereas by an act passed in the twenty-

fifthyear of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled , An act to 25 Geo. 3 .

repeal the duties on male servants, and for granting new duties C. 43.

on male and female servants, it is enacted , that the duty granted for

MMM2 every

1

11

!

1

1

900 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III . C. 100. [1802 .

every coachman, groom, postilion, or helper, let out to hire, byway way o of

job, should be paid by the master or

mistress to whose use and in whose

service such coachman, postilion , or helper should be employed respectively , and by the said act it is alsofurther enacted , that the said duty

shall not extend to any male servant who shall be retained or employed

bonâ fide for the purposes of any trade or calling , by which the master

or mistress of such servant shall earn a livelihood or profit : and where-

as by an act passed in the twenty- ninth year of the reign of bis present

29Geo. 3 .

C. 49.

Majesty, intituled , An act for granting to his Majesty several additional rates andduties upon horses and carriages with fourwheels ;

and for explaining and amending an act passed in the twenty-

fifth year of his present Majesty, as far as relates to certain car-

riages with two or three wheels therein mentioned, reciting that

doubts had arisen on whom the duties in respect ofhorses let out by the

year, month, or other period, for the purpose of drawing any coach,

berlin , landau, chariot, calash, chaise, or other carriage therein enu-

meratedshould be chargeable, it is enacted, that in every such cafe the

faiddutiesshould be deemed and taken to be chargeable on, and paid by,

the person or persons respectively by whom such horses should be hired:

and whereas by the said act of the presentfeffion certain duties expressed

inschedule B. No 1, are imposed on all carriages , to be charged on

the person or persons keeping the same, for bis , ber, or their own use

or to let out to hire : and whereas it is expedient to ascertain the duties

to be charged on borses let to hirefor the purpose of drawing any car-

ringefor the different periods of time herein-before described , and also

the duties chargeable on thefervants and carriages that may be let to

be used together with or without such horses ; be it further enacted,

Wherehorses That, from and after the passing of this act, where any horses ,

kept for let- mares, or geldings shall have been or shall be kept for the pur-

ting to hire by pose of being let to hire by the mile or stage, to be used intra-

the mile or

stage to be velling post, or for any period of time, whether by the job or

used intravel otherwise, and whether the distances such horses, mares, or

lingpost orfor geldings shall travel, or the uses thereof , shall or shall not or

anyperiod of

time , the

cannot be ascertained by any person duly licensed by the com-

stamp -office

missioners for managing the duties on stamped vellum, parch-

dutybeing

ment, or paper, the stamp- office duty for which at each time of

dulypaid , no

letting for every day thereof shall have been or shall be duly paid

annualduty

thall be charg. according to the regulations of the said first recited act , the

edby virtue of regulations of the said act and this act shall be duly complied with,

c. 37. in re-

and which horses, mares, or geldings shall not at any time be

spectoffer-

used for any other purpose, or let to hire in any other manner,

vants let to

hirefortaking

then and in such case no annual duty shall be charged by virtue

care of such

of the said act of the present seffion, or any act therein referred

horses ; nor

to either in respect of such horses, mares, or geldings, or in

more than the respect of any coachman, groom, poftilion, or helper, being bonâ

duties mentioned therein fide the servant of such licensed person , and let to hire for the

in respect of purpose of taking care of such horses, mares, or geldings, or of

carriages let

driving or riding the fame, nor any greater duty than the annual

with such

horses.

duty of eight pounds eight shillings , in the said schedule menti

oned, in respect of any carriage with four wheels, bonâ fide the

property of such licensed person, and let to hire with such horses

for

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 100. 901

for such last-mentioned period ; nor any greater duty in respect of

any carriage with less than four wheels than the respective duties

mentioned in schedule B. N° 2. in the said act of the present

session.

V. And be it further enacted, That where any horse, Where horses

mare, or gelding shall have been or shall be let to hire in anyhire in any

shall be let to

other manner or for any other purpose than as before described, other manner

or where the stamp-office duty granted by the said first recited than above

act of the twenty - fifth year aforesaid shall not have been or shall described, or

where fer-

not be payable on any letting to hire as aforesaid, or shall not vants or car-

have been or shall not be duly paid and satisfied on such letting; riages shall be

and also where any coachman, groom, poftilion, or helper, or any let without

coach, berlin, landau, fociable, chariot, calash, chaise marine, letting any

chaise , or chair , or other carriage with two or more wheels, by hories to be

used there-

whatever name the same shall be called , shall have been or shall with, the an-

be let to hire without letting any horses to be used therewith, the nual duties

annual duties granted and consolidated by the said act of the pre- granted by

sent session on servants, carriages , and horses respectively , shall be C. 37. shall be

assessed on the

and are hereby declared to be chargeable by affeffment on the persons letting

person or persons retaining or keeping the same to let to hire, them to hire.

and not on the person or persons for whose use or in whose fer-

vice such servants, carriages, and horses thall be employed, who

shall be exempted from the fame, except in the cafes herein - after

mentioned ; and the duties which shall be chargeable in every

such case shall be charged in respect of such servants according to

the rates specified in the schedule marked A., and in respect of

such carriages according to the progressive rates on the number

kept specified in the schedule marked B. N° 1., and in respect of

such horses according to the rates specified in the schedule marked

C. Nº 1. respectively annexed to the said act of the present sef-

fion, for the respective periods and according to the regulations

of the said act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That every person letting to Persons let-

hire any servants, carriages, or horses in such manner as to be ting to hire servants, car-

chargeable to the said annual duty as aforesaid , thall annually riages , or

return a lift of the greatest number of such servants, carriages, horses, thall

and horses, kept by him or her at any one time in the years ending annually re-

on the fifth day of April preceding the time for making such turn a lift of

the greatest

return to the assessors or assessorss for the parish or place wherenumberkept

such servants, carriages, or horses shall have been or shall be by them at

kept, or where such person shall reside , in like manner, and any time in

within and for the like period, and under the like penalties, as re- the year end-

turns of servants, carriages, and horses subject to the annual duties ing April 5, in

the manner

before mentioned by the said act of the present session, and thereby herein men-

directed to be made : provided always , that such returns for the pre- tioned, on pe

sent year may be made at any time on or before the twentiethdaynalty nalty for neg-

of July one thousand eight hundred and two ; and every such lifst shall lect of sol.

specifythenameand place ofabode of the person or persons for whose

use and in whose service such servants, carriages, and horses shall

have beenor shall be employed , and the number of each let to hire to

every suchperson, and the period of eachletting, according towhich the

ммм 3

902 Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III . C. 100. [ 1802 .

the said annual duties shall be charged on the person or persons

letting such servants, carriages, and horses to hire ; and if any

such person shall neglect or refuse to return such lift , or shall

wilfully omit any name or description, or any particular which

ought to be inserted therein, or shall wilfully insert therein any

matter or thing which shall be untrue with intent to evade the

payment of the said duties, or any of them, every such person

shall forfeit and pay the fun of fifty pounds.

The hirers of

VII. And be it further enacted, That where any person

such servants,

carriages, or

shall hire or shall have hired any servants, carriages, or horses in

horses shall

such manner that the said annual duties shall be chargeable on

annually re-

the person or persons letting the fame, then such hirer shall

turn a lift

annually return a list of the greatest number of such servants ,

thereof , in

manner there-

carriages, and horses to the assessors or assessorss for the parish or

inmentioned, place where such hirer shall reside or be at the time such return

on penalty ofsol.;

ought to be made, in like manner and within and for the like

period, and under the like penalties as returns of servants, car-

riages, and horses exempted from the annual duties before mentioned by the said last-mentioned act, are thereby directed to be

made; and every such list shall specify the name and place of

abode of the person or persons by whom such servants, carriages,

and horses shall have been or shall be let to hire, and the period

of such letting; and if any such person shall neglect or refuse to

return such lift, or shall wilfully omit any name or description,

or any particular which ought to be inserted therein, or shall

wilfully insert any matter or thing with intent to defraud his

Majesty, his heirs or successors of the said duties, or any of them ,

every such person shall forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds.

and in case of VIII. And be it further enacted, That where any servants,

neglect, the carriages , or horses shall have been or shall be let to hire in such

assessors may surcharge the

manner as to render the person or persons letting the same liable

defaulter, un- to the said annual duties, and the hirer shall not make such

less the person returns as by this act is required, then and in such cafe the duties

letting to hire chargeable in respect thereof for one year shall and may be

hasbeen

brought into charged upon and paid by the person or persons hiring such fer-

charge for

vants, carriages, and horses by the surcharge of the afsessor ,

theduty .

surveyor, or inspector, over and above the penalty incurred for

any neglect or omission as aforesaid, unless the person or persons

letting the same shall have been brought into charge for the fame

servants, carriages, and horses respectively; and if any dispute

shall arise whether the person or persons so letting to hire any

servants, carriages, or horses, shall have been brought into

charge for the same , the proof thereof shall lie on the hirer of

such servants, carriages, and horses so surcharged, who, on such

surcharges, shall be permitted to alledge the fame on oath or

solemn affirmation, or to prove the same by lawful evidence to

be produced and shewn by him or her : provided , that the party

shall not be exempted unless the exemption and the cause thereof

shall have been duly returned to the assessors or assessors as aforesaid .

IX . And

1

1802.] Annoregni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 100. 903

IX. And be it further enacted, That the commissioners for Proper form

for

the affairs of taxes shall cause to be prepared and issued to every to enterin

person applying for the fame , and leaving his or her name andaccounts of

place of abode in writing at the office for taxes, or with any servants, car-

surveyor of the said duties for the district where the person making riages, and

such application shall reside, proper forms for entering the an horses let to

nual accounts herein-before required to be made of the servants, delivered to

hire , shall be

carriages , and horses let to hire, in such manner as to subject the persons apparty to the payment of the said annual duties according to the plying for

directions of this act ; and every such account shall, at the end of them atthe

office for

each year (all such entries as aforesaid being first duly made), be taxes, who

signed by the party with his or her own proper name , in his or shall yearly

her usual manner ofwriting or signing the fame, and returned to return the

the assessors or assessorss of the parith orplace where the party shall fame filled up

andfignedto

reside, for the use of the surveyor of the district as aforesaid , or the assessors or

to such surveyor as the said commissioners for the affairs of taxes surveyor, as

shall direct, at such time as the returns of servants, carriages, and the commif .

horses liable to the said annual duties, are by the said act of the fioners shall

present session, and this act, directed to be made; and in default

direct.

of such application, the party shall be obliged to provide proper

forms for the said purposes, and shall cause all such entries to be Penalty of

duly made therein, and the same to be signed and delivered to50l. for neg-

the assessor or surveyor, in like manner as

is before directed for lecting to deliver such ac-

the accounts issued from the office for taxes ; and if any person counts within

shall neglect to deliver such accounts duly filled up and signedthe time li-

within the time limited as aforesaid for making such returns, mited for

every such person shall forfeit and pay the fum offifty pounds.

making re-

X. And whereas it is expedient to ascertain the duties which may

turns.

be payable for the present year in respect of servants, carriages, and

horses , let to hire before the fifth day of April one thousand eight hundred and two, and also for thesubsequent year, in respect offervants,

carriages, andborses, let or to be let to hire before the thirty- first day

of January one thousand eight hundred and three ; be it further

enacted, That where any horses, mares, or geldings, shall have How duties

been or shall be let to hire within the before- mentioned period, payablefor the

in such manner as to subject the same to any duty granted by thepresent year

said first recited act of the twenty - fifth year aforesaid, no annual servants, car-

inrespect

duty shall be chargeable in respect of such horses, mares, or riages, and

geldings, nor in respect of any coachman, groom , poftilion, orhorfes let to

helper , hired to be employed therewith ; nor

thanthe annual fum of any greater duty April

hire , before

eight pounds and eight shillings in respect and and also for

pril 5 , 1802 ,

of any carriage with four wheels ; nor any greater duty than the thesubsequent

annual fums mentioned in schedule B. No 2, in respect of any year before

carriage with less than four wheels, hired to be used with such Jan. 31, 1803,

shall be ascer-

horses , mares, or geldings ; and where any horses, mares, or tained .

geldings shall have been or shall be let to hire within the before-

mentioned period , in such manner as not to subject the same to

any duty granted by the said first recited act, or any such servant

or carriage thall have been or shall be let within the said period ,

without such horses, mares, or geldings, being let therewith,

then the annual duty chargeable for the same shall be charged

MMM4

on

1

904 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 100. [1802.

on the respective persons letting or hiring the same as the

case may require, according to the regulations of this act before

mentioned.

Returns made

XI. And be it further enacted, That all returns which shall

since April 5, have been made since the fifth day of April one thousand eight

1802, without

notice of his hundred and two, or which shall be made without notice of this

act, may be act, of servants, carriages, and horses let to hire before the said

amended fifth day of April one thousand eight hundred and two, where the

where the cafe cafe small require, the same may be amended or altered on appli

shall require.

cation to the assessors or assessorss to whom such returns shall have

been delivered so as to be made conformable to the regulations

of this act ; and after such amendment or alteration the fame

shall be as valid and effectual as if the same had been returned

in the first instance, according to this act.

Gate keepers

by whom cer-

XII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the

tificates shall

passing of this act, every gate keeper, by whom any certificate

be filed, and

shall be filed of any horses let to hire, in such manner as not to

farmers of

subject the hirer thereof to any stamp- office duty by the said first

theduty, to

whom after-

recited act, and every collector or farmer of the said stamp- office

wards deli-

duty , to whom such certificate shall be delivered by such gate

vered , shall

keeper, according to the said first recited act, or any other act

permit fur-

relating to the said duty, shall at all seasonable times permit the

veyors to in-

surveyors of the said annual duties before mentioned, to inspect

spect them.

such certificates gratis, and to take copies thereof , or such parts

thereof , or extracts from the same, as the said surveyors shall

Lift of the

think necessaryfor securing the payment of the said annual duties.

names and

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the name and place

places of

abode of li-

of abode of every person licensed by the commissioners for ma-

censedper- naging the duties on stamped vellum, parchment, and paper,

fons, shall be under the said first recited act , shall annually be transmitted to

transmitted to the office for the affairs oftaxes .

taxoffice.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the penalties imposed

Howpenalties bythis act for any offence against the same, shall be fued for and

shall be reco-

vered.

recovered, in the cases applicable to the duty imposed by the said

first recited act, by such ways and methods as any penalty may

be recovered under the said act, and in cases applicable to the

said annual duties, by such ways and methods as any penalty

maybe recovered under the said act of the present session .

XV. And whereas in pursuance of an act passed in the thirty-

37Geo. 3 .

c . 6.

Seventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled , An act for

enabling his Majesty to raise a provisional force of cavalry to be

embodied in case of necessity, for the defence of these kingdoms ;

and other acts relating to the provisional cavalry, the respective re-

ceivers-general have advanced out of the publick monies, wherewith

theyare charged , certainfums of money which ought to have been

reimbursed to them by afsessinent on the persons chargeable to the duties

on borses : and whereas certain of thefaidfums havenot yet been reim

bursed to the said receivers-general, whereby the passing of their accounts

Auditor of

has been delayed; be it further enacted, That the auditor of the

the exchequer respective duties at his Majesty's exchequer, out of which the

to allow in their accounts receivers-general have advanced any fum or fums of money in pursuance

!

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III.C. 101. 905

pursuance of the said acts, relating to the provisional cavalry, and the money

which have not been reimbursed to them, shall, in passing the advancedby

the receivers-

accounts of such receivers-general, allow to them respectively all general under

such fums of money as shall appear to be so in arrear and the recited

unpaid .

act .

CAP. CI.

An act for repealing the rates and duties ofpostage upon letters

to and

from France and the Batavian republickfrom and to London, and

for granting other rates and duties in lieu thereof; and for exempt-

ingfrom the duty of tonnage the thins and vessels to be employed in

conveying the mails of letters from France France he united kingdom

of Great Britain and Ireland.-[June 26, 1802.]

W

HEREAS by an alt , passed in the ninth year of the reign of

her late majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An act for establish-

9Annæ,c. 10..

ing a general post office for all her Majesty's dominions, and for

fettling a weekly fum out of the revenues thereof , for the service

of the war, and other her Majesty's occasions, certain rates of

poslage were authorised to be taken for the port of letters and packets

from France unto London, and from the United Provinces unto

London ; and by an act of parliament passed in the forty- first year of

the reign of his present Majesty, intituled , An act for repealing the 41. Geo. 3.

rates and duties of postage in Great Britain, and granting other C. 7.

rates and duties in lieu thereof , and on letters conveyed to or

from any part of the united kingdom, from or to any place out of

the said kingdom, and by packet-boats from or to the ports of

HolyheadandMilford- haven, certain additional rates of postage were

granted for theconveyance of letters andpackets to or from any part of

the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, from or to any

places out of thesaid kingdom, not within his Majesty's dominions : and

whereas it is expedient that the rates of postage upon letters from

France to London, and from London to France, should be equalized ,

and that the rates ofpostage from the Batavian republick to London,

and from London to the Batavian republick, should also be equalized ;

be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by

and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and tempo-

ral, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by

the authority of the same, That the rates of postage now payable The rates of

on the conveyance of letters and packets to or from France and poftage paya-

the Batavian republick from or to London, shall, from and after ble on the

the passing of this act, cease and determine ; fave and except in all conveyance of

letters to or

cafes relating to the demanding, recovering, receiving, paving, from France

or accounting for any arrears thereof respectively, which may at and the Bata-

the time of the passing of this act remain unpaid, or any fine, vianrepublic

from or to

penalty, or forfeiture respecting the fame, which shall have been London shall

incurred at any time before the passing of this act. cease, &c.;

II. And be it further enacted, That , from and after the passing and the rates

of this act, it shall be lawful for his Majesty's postmaster- general, herein men-

and his deputy and deputies by him thereunto sufficiently autho- tioned shall be

rifed , to and for the use of his Majesty , his heirs and successors, to Paid.

demand ,

906 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 103. [1802.

demand, have , receive and take for the conveyance of all letters

and packets which shall be conveyed, carried or fent by post from

1

London directed to any part of France, and from any part of

France unto London , according to the several rates and sums

herein-after mentioned, the same being rated by the letter or by

Rates. the ounce ; (that is to fay) , for every single letter ten-pence, for

every double letter one shilling and eight-pence, for every treble

letter two millings and fix -pence, and for every ounce in weight

three shillings and four-pence ; and for the conveyance ofall let-

ters and packets which shall be conveyed, carried , or fent post

from London, directed to any part of the Batavian republick, and

from any part of the Batavian republick unto London, according to

the several rates and sums herein- after mentioned, the same being

rated by the letter or by the ounce; (that is to say), for every

single letter one shilling, for every double letter two shillings, for

every treble letter three shillings, and for every ounce in weight

four thillings .

Application of

themoney

arifingby the

rates.

III. And be it further enacted, That all the monies to arise by

the rates aforesaid, except the monies which shall be necessary to

defray such expences as shall be incurred in the collection and

management of the same , shall be appropriated and applied to

such and the same uses to which the like present rates ofpostage

are by law appropriated and made applicable.

IV. And whereas an act , passed in the presentfession of parliament ,

C. 43.

intituled , An act for granting to his Majesty certain duties on

goods imported into and exported from Great Britain , and on the

tonnage of ships and vessels entering outwards or inwards in any

port of Great Britain to or from foreign parts : And whereas it is

expedient to exemptships and vessels employed by the French republicto

convey the mails ofletters between the two countries from the duties on

Vessels

ployedby the tonnage granted by the said act on ships and vessels entering inwards ;

Frenchrepub- be it therefore further enacted, That, from and after the passing

lick toconvey of his act, so much of the said last recited act as grants any du-

mailsofletters ties on the tonnage of ships and vessels entering inwards, shall

between the be , and the fame is hereby repealed as to all ships and vessels

two countries

exempted which now are or hereafter shall be employed by or under the

from the ton- authority of the French republic in conveying mails of letters

nage dutyim- from France to any part of the united kingdom of Great Britain

posedbyc. 43. and Ireland , whilst actually employed in conveying such mails.

of his session,

CAP. CII.

An act for enabling his Majesty to permit the importation and exportation

of certain goods and commodities into and from the port of RoadHar-

bour in the island of Tortola, until the first day of July, one thousand

eight hundred and three, and from thence until six weeks after the

commencement of the then next session of parliament. - (June 26,

1802 ]

CAP. CIII.

An act to repeal the additional duty offix pounds per centum on the

duties payable on the importation into Ireland of certain good's

imported

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 103. 907

imported by retailers or consumers ; and for repealing and reducing

certainduties on policies of insurance andfea insurances in Ireland .

- [June 26, 1802. ]

1

HEREAS an act was

Wheforearof themade in the parliament of Ireland, in

reign ofbis present Majesty, intituled ,

An act for granting for one year the several duties therein Irish act, 40.

mentioned, in lieu of all other duties payable upon the articles Geo. 3.

- therein specified during the said term, and for regulating the trade

- between this kingdom and his Majesty's colonies, and for other

- purposes therein mentioned, by which several duties are granted to

- bis Majesty, payable upon the importation into Ireland, during the time

therein limited, of several goods, wares, and merchandizes, and

amongst others, upon all goods, wares, merchandizes, except fugars imported into Ireland, by any person being a retailer or consumer, an

additional duty after the rate offix pounds per centum on the duties

payable thereon respectively , over and above the amount of such duties :

- and whereas the said additional duty offix pounds per centum hath

been continued untiland upon the twenty- fifth day of March one thou-

fand eight hundred and three ; and it is expedient that the fameshould

beno longer payable ; therefore be it enacted by the King's most so much of

excellent majesty , by and with the advice and consent of the the recited act

lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present par- or any other

liament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That so actwhich continues the ad-

much of the said recited act, or of any other act, as grants or ditional duty

continues the said additional duty of six pounds per centum , shall, of6 per cent

from and after ten days next after the passing of his act, be and shall be re-

the fame is hereby repealed. pealed .

II. And whereas by another act made in the parliament of Ireland

in thefortieth year of his said Majesty's reign, intituled , An act for Irish act, 40,

granting to his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, several duties

Geo. 3 .

thereinmentioned , to be levied bythe commissioners for ma-

naging the stamp duties, astamp duty of fourshillings is granted on

every skin or piece of vellum or parchment, or piece or sheet of paper

on which should be engrossed or written or printed any policy of infu-

rance , and also a certain rateable duty for all insurances ofgoods,

wares , andmerchandizesfrom dangers ofor other perils atfea, which

last-mentioned act , and the duties thereby granted , were by an act made

in the lastfession of parliament, continued until and upon the twenty-

fifthday of March one thousand eight hundred and two : and whereas

by another act made in the said lastsession of parliament, intituled , An 41 Geo. 3 .

act for granting to his Majesty, until the twenty-fifth day ofc. 58.

March one thousand eight hundred and two, additional stamp

duties in Ireland , on bonds, bills of exchange, and promiffory

notes, and oncertain insurances therein mentioned , and for relief

of persons in Ireland holding obligatory instruments called Kerry

Bonds , which have been executed without being duly stamped,

certain additional stamp duties in Ireland were granted on insurances

for infurēngships, goods, wares, or merchandizefrom the dangers of ,

or other perils atfea; and by an act passed in thisfession of parliament,

all the duties an additional duties by the said acts granted are continued

until

908 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 103. [1802.

until and upon the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight

hundred and three : and whereas according to the said alts a double

So much of

duty is imposed upon every policy ofinsurance ; that is tofay, the said

theactof 40

duty of four shillings in respect of the parchment or paper on which the

Geo. 3. as

policy of insurance is written , and the other a rateable duty according

granted4s. on to the amount of thefum insured thereby : and whereas it was intended

everypolicy

of insurance , that every policy of insurance should be subject only to

the rateable duty

and so much on thefum insured, be it therefore enacted, Thatso much of the

of theother

said act , made in the fortieth year of the reign of his Majesty, as

acts as conti-

nues the fame,

granted the said duty of four thillings on every policy of infu-

shall be re-

rance, and of fo much of the said other act as continues the same,

pealed , and

shall , from and after the passing of this act, be and the same are

the rateable

hereby repealed ; and that no other duty shall be paid on any

duty accord- insuredshall

insurance made in Ireland than the rateable duty according to

ing to the fum

the sum which, by any such policy , shall be insured; any thing in

bepaid .

the said acts or any of them to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And whereas it is expedient that thesum of two shillings and

fix - pence of the additional rate or duty of three shillings andfix-pence ,

and also the additional duty ofoneshilling by the said act of the saidlast

The addition Session of parliament granted on insurances ofships, goods, wares, or

al dutygrant .merchandizes should not be charged on any insurance herein- after

edbythe re- mentioned; be it therefore enacted, That the said additional rate

cited act 41 or duty granted by the said act, made in the last session ofparlia-

Geo. 3. c. 58. ment, upon insurances of

on insurances goods, wares, and merchandizes, from

ofgoods thall dangers of or other perils at fea , shall not , from and after the

notbe charged passing of this act , be charged or payable upon any insurance of

oninfurance ships, goods, wares, or merchandizes, or other property or

of ships or interest , for any voyage, to or from any part or place of the

goods for any united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland , or the islands of

voyage to or

fromone part Guernsey, Fersey , Alderney, or Sark , or the Isle of Man, from or

of the united to any other part or place in the said kingdom, or in the said

kingdom to islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man ; any thing in

any other

part ,&c. the said act to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV . And whereas it is expedient that the duties payable by virtue

of the said recited acts , on polices of insurance made in Ireland, of

ships , goods, wares, or merchandizesfrom dangers ofor perils atsea,

should be reduced in all cafes where the premiumshall not exceed the

rate of twentyshillings for every one hundred pounds insured; be it

From June 24, therefore enacted, That from and after the twenty - fourth day of

1802, in cafes June one thousand eight hundred and two, in every cafe where

where thepre- the premium for any such insurance shall not exceed the rate of

mium for any

insurance shall twenty shillings for every one hundred pounds insured, one half

not exceed

of the stamp duty of one shilling and fix -pence granted and im-

20s. for every posed upon such policies of insurance by the said last-mentioned

1ool . one half

of the duty of act , passed in the fortieth year of his Majesty's reign, and also

1s. 6d. on po. one half of the additional stamp duty of three shillings and fix-

licies imposed pence granted and imposed on such policies of insurance by the

by40Geo . 3. said act , passed in the forty - first year of his Majesty's reign, thall

and one half cease and be no longer payable ; and that from and after the said

of theduty of35. 6d. on po. twenty- fourth day of June one thousand eight hundred and two ,

licies by 41 there shall, upon any insurance made in Ireland on any ships,

goods ,

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 105. 909

goods, wares, or merchandizes from dangers of or perils at sea, Geo. 3. C. 58.

where the premium, or consideration in the nature of apremium, shallceafe , and

instead thereof

actually and bonâfide paid, given, or contracted for, shall not ex- the dutyhere-

ceed the rate of twenty shillings for every or any one hundred in mentioned

pounds, or fum not amounting to one hundred pounds, or any shall be paid.

progressive sums of one hundred pounds, or any fractional part of

one hundred pounds, be paid or payable such and the like duties

only , and under and subject to the like rules and regulations as

are , by the said recited act, granted or imposed upon insurances,

where the premium actually and bonâfide paid shall not exceed

the rate of ten shillings per centum on the sum insured ; (that is to

fay), upon any such insurance where the premium, or considera-

tionin the nature of a premium, actually and bonâ fide paid, given,

or contracted for, shall not exceed the rate of twenty shillings,

where the sum to be insured shall amount to one hundred pounds,

-a stamp duty of two shillings and fix-pence , and so progressively

for every fum ofone hundred pounds insured ; and where the sum

to be insured shall not amount to one hundred pounds, a stamp

-duty of two shillings and fix-pence ; and where the sum to be

insured shall exceed one hundred pounds, or any progressive sum .

- ofone hundred pounds each by any fractional part ofone hundred

- pounds, a stamp duty of two shillings and fix -pence for such

Where the

fractional part of one hundred pounds, to be paid by the assured premium shall

in such insurances respectively.

not exceed

V. Provided always , and be it further enacted, That upon 20s. per cent.

- every such insurance where the premium shall not exceed the insured

and the sum

rate of twenty shillings per centum on the sum insured , it shall amounts to

be lawful, where the sum shall amount to two hundred pounds 200l. or up-

or upwards, to use stamps of five shillings for every two hundred wards, a5s.

pounds of the sum insured, instead of stamps of two shillings and stamp shall be

used for every

fix-pence for every one hundred pounds of the sum insured. 2001.

VI. And be it further enacted, That this act may be varied, Act may be

altered, amended, or repealed in the present session of parliament. varied or repealedthis

session.

CAP. CIV.

An act to require persons licensed to keep lottery offices in Ireland, to

divide into shares a certain number of whole lottery tickets ; and for

empowering the lords commissioners of his Majesty's treasury of

Great Britain to remit to the exchequer of Ireland a certain fum of

mouey out of the contributions for lotteries .-[June 26, 1802. ]

CAP. CV.

An act for providing a properfalary for the office of the chancellor or

keeper of the great seal of Ireland. -[June 26, 1802. ]

WHEREAS , in consequence of the union, diversfalaries, profits,

and emoluments, belonging to the office of chancellor of Ireland,

bave ceased , and the compensations made for the same to John late

earl of Clare, late chancellor of Ireland, are determined by bis death,

and it is expedient that a proper salary should be provided for the

said office be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty,

910 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 105. [1802.

Majesty , by and with the advice and consent of the lords fpi-

ritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament

There shall be assembled, and by the authority of the same, that there shall from

paid, out of

the consoli-

time to time be issued, paid, and payable out of , and charged

dated fund of and chargeable upon, the consolidated fund , in that part of the

Ireland , to theunited kingdom called Ireland (after paying and reserving fuf-

Irith chancel- ficient to pay all such fum and sums of money as have been di-

lor , such fum

aswillmake rected by any former act or acts of parliament to be paid out

uphis salary of the fame, but with preference to all other payments which

10,000l. fter- thall or may be hereafter charged upon or payable out of the

ling, tobepaid said fund), to the chancellor or keeper of the great seal of

quarterly. Ireland for the time being, in manner herein-after directed , fo

much and such sums of money as will make up the salary and

pecuniary profits belonging to his said office , the clear annual

fum of ten thousand pounds sterling , being ten thousand eight

hundred and thirty-three pounds six shillings and eight - pence

Irish currency, which money shall from time to time be payable

The first pay- and paid quarterly , free and clear of all taxes and deductions

menttobe

whatsoever, on every twenty-fifth day of March, twenty-fourth

suchpropor- day of June, twenty-ninth day of September, and twenty-fifth

tion as shall

haveaccrued day of December ; the first payment thereof , or of such proportion

from thedate thereof as shall have accrued from the date of the grant of

of the grant

such office, to be made on the first of the said days which shall

of the office.

next happen after the date of such grant.

Anaccount

of the chan-

II. And be it further enacted, That every such chancellor

cellor's clear

or keeper for the time being, or such officer as he shall ap-

falaryand

point for the purpose, shall, as soon as conveniently may be after

profits thall

the fifteenth day of March, the fourteenth day of June, the

be delivered to nineteenth day of September , or fifteenth day of December , which

the treasury, shall happen next after the date of every such grant, deliver

quarterly .

to the lord high treasurer, or commissioners of the treasury

for the time being in Ireland , an account signed by such chan-

cellor or keeper, or, in case of his death , by his executors orad-

ministrators, of his clear salary , after deducting all fees and

taxes paid in respect thereof , and also of all fees and pecuniary

profits which shall have been received by or become payable

to him, his executors or administrators, in respect of his said

office between the day of the date of such grant , and the day

on which such account is directed to be delivered by virtue of

this act ; and a like account shall be delivered in like manner in

every succeeding quarter, ending on the fifteenth day ofMarib,

fourteenth day of June, nineteenth day of September, or fifteenth

day of December , as the case shall happen, of the salaries , fees,

and pecuniary profits which shall have been received by, or be-

come payable to , such chancellor or keeper, his executors of

administrators, in respect of his office, from the day to which

the last account delivered in shall have been made up.

Incafe the

amount of

III . And be it further enacted, That in case the whole amount

such account

which shall have been received by, or which shall have become

within the

payable to, any such chancellor or keeper as aforesaid , in respect

quarter thall of the said office , within the quarter or part ofa quarter com

less than

prifed

1802. ] Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGIIIII. c . 105.911

prised in any such account, shall be less than the clear sum of 2, 500l. fter-

two thousand five hundred pounds sterling , being two thousand ling , thedefi-

seven hundred and eight pounds six shillings and eight-pence issued . ciencyshall be

Irish currency, or a just proportion of the fame, according to the

proportion of time for which such account shall be delivered,

4

then so much and such sums of money shall be issued for the

quarter or part of a quarter for which such accounts shall be

delivered , as will make up the clear sum aforesaid , the same to

be computed and ascertained so as to make up the whole of the

salary and pecuniary profits of such chancellor or keeper to the

quarterly sum before mentioned, or a just proportion thereof ,

according to the time for which such account shall be delivered; In case ofre-

and such sum of money shall be issued accordingly, as if the moval , refig-

sum so to be ascertained had been specifically mentioned in this nation, or

act: provided always, that if any such chancellor or keeper shall death of any

be removed from or resign his said office, or shall die before chancellor ,

such propor-

the expiration of any such quarter as aforesaid, the person so te- tional part of

moved or resigning , or the executors or administrators of the the quarter as

person so dying, shall be entitled to such proportionable part of shall haveac-

such clearquarterlysum as aforesaid, as shall have accrued during paid

crued, shall be

tohim or

thetime that such person shall have held such office as aforesaid ; his represen-

!

and such person, his executors or administrators, shall, on such tative .

of the said quarterly days appointed for delivering in such accounts as aforesaid, which shall be immediately subsequent to his

-removal, resignation, or death, or as soon after as conveniently

may be, deliver in an account, signed by him or by his executors

or administrators, for the part of a quarter which shall have been

elapsed since the last quarterly account, and the day of the remo-

val, resignation, or death of such person ; and such person, his exe-

cutors or administrators, shall be entitled to , and shall receive ,

such proportionable part of such quarterly sum as aforesaid as

upon such account shall be due and payable by virtue of this act;

and in case such person, his executors or administrators, shall

have received more than ajust proportion of the clear annual

fum aforesaid, calculated according to the time during which

such person shall have held such office, every such person, his

executors or administrators, shall pay over to his successor or

fuccessors so much money as the sums received by such person,

his executors or administrators, shall have exceeded the sums

to which such person shall have been entitled, according to the

rates aforesaid, and by virtue of this act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in cafe the custody When the

of the great seal of Ireland shall at any time be granted to two great seal

or more commissioners during a vacancy of the office of chan- shall be put in

commission,

cellor or keeper, it shall be lawful for his Majesty by the fame his Majesty

commission to direct that such commissioners shall and may may direct

receive such and the like salary as is hercin-before provided for that the com.

the chancellor or keeper of the great seal of Ireland for the missioners

shall receive

time being, or such part thereof , and in such shares and pro- the salary in

portions as shall in such commission be provided and expressed; such propor-

and such commissioners shall accordingly be entitled to and tions as in the

receive commission shall be expressed .

912 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 106. [1802.

receive such salary; and the same shall be issued and paid to

them respectively in the same manner, upon delivery of the

fame account, and subject to the like regulations and restrictions

as are herein-before directed and provided, with respect to the

chancellor or keeper of the great seal of Ireland for the time

being .1

CAP. CVI.

An alt for regulating the trial of controverted elections or returns of

members to serve in the united parliament for Ireland.-[June

26, 1802.]

41Geo. 3 .

C. IOI .

HEREAS alt was passed

Wintituled , anact for regulating until the first day

in the last session of parliament,

of May

one thousand eight hundred and two, the trial of controverted

elections or returns ofmembers to serve in the united parliament

of Great Britain and Ireland, for that part of the united

kingdom called Ireland; and for regulating the qualification

of members to serve in the said united parliament ; which act ,

Sofar as the same related to such controverted elections or returns,

is now expired; and it is expedient that other provisions should be

made for the regulating the trial of such controverted elections or

returns; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent

majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spi-

i

ritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament

All regulations pre-

assembled, and by the authority of the same , That, from and

after the passing of this act, all and every the rules, regulations ,

scribed by

British acts

authorities, and powers heretofore given or prescribed by any

in force at

act or acts of parliament of Great Britain, and in force at the

theunion, respecting

time of the passing of the act for the union of Great Britain

and Ireland , with respect to petitions presented to the house of

to

petition of

commons, complaining of undue elections or returns of members

commons

to serve in parliament, or complaining of the omission or in-

complaining sufficiency of any such return, and with respect to petitions

ofundue

elections or

of persons desiring to oppose any right of election, or any right

returns , &c .

of choosing, nominating, or appointing returning officers,

extended to

which shall have been deemed valid by the determination of

such petitions any select committee of the house of commons, and with

to the united respect to the trial and determination of all such petitions by

parliament

such select committees, shall be in full force and effect with

fromany

place in the

respect , to all such petitions as shall or may be hereafter from time

unitedking-

to time presented to the house of commons of the parliament

dom.

of the said united kingdom, complaining of undue elections

or returns of members to serve in parliament for any county,

stewartry, city, borough, cinque port , town, or place, in any part

of the said united kingdom, or of the omission or insufficiency

of any such returns, or from any person or persons desiring

to oppose any such right of election, or of choosing, nominating,

or appointing returning officers , in as full and ample a manner

as if the same rules, regulations, authorities, and powers were

herein repeated, and particularly and specifically enacted , concerning

1802. ] Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGI I III. C. 106. 913

cerning the same petitions, and the trial and determination

thereof; except so far as the same are altered in and by this

present act.

II. And be it further enacted, That no petition complaining Petitions for

of any undue election or return for any county, city , borough, places in

town, or place , in that part of the united kingdom called Ireland shall

notbepro-

Ireland , or of the omission or insufficiency of any such return, or ceeded on,

from any person or persons desiring to oppose any right ofunless they

election, or of choosing, nominating, or appointing returning state all the

officers in or for any such county , city, borough, town, or cerning

matters con .

place , shall be proceeded upon by the house of commons, unless which the

the same shall state all and every the several matters and things, petitioners ,

of and concerning which the petitioner or petitioners presenting intend to

the same is or are desirous of complaining, and to which examine wit.

nesses .

he or they purpose or intend to call and examine witnesses ;

and that no witness or witnesses shall be called or examined by

or on the behalf of such petitioner or petitioners, either by or

before the select committee of the house of commons to be

chosen for the trial and determination of the merits of such

petition, or by or before the commissioners to be chosen and

appointed in manner herein mentioned, to any matter or

thing not contained or set forth in such petition, or in the lifts

and statements herein mentioned.

III. And be it further enacted, That all the parties ap- Parties shall ,

pearing before any select committee to be chosen for the trial before any

and determination of the merits of any such petition, shall other business

is proceeded

immediately after a chairman shall have been chosen by the on ,inter-

said committee, and before any other business shall be proceeded change lifts

upon by the said parties, or either of them, before the said ofobjection- able votes,

committee, interchange with and among each other, lifts ofand state-

all such votes, and of the names of all such voters, to which ments of

either of the said parties purpose and intend to object ; and matters in-

that the said parties shall also interchange with and among each tendedto be

infifted on .

other, statements in writing of all particulars respecting any

right of voting, or of choosing or nominating a returning officer,

and respecting all such other matters and things whatever, as

either of the said parties mean to insist upon , or to contend for,

or to object to ; and that no witness or witnesses shall be called

or examined by or on behalf ofeither of the said parties, before

the said select committee, or before the said commissioners, or

either of them, to any matter or thing not specified and contained in the said lifts or statements respectively , or in the

petition complaining of the election or return in question, as

hereinmentioned and provided.

IV. And, for avoiding the inconveniences and expence which

mayin certain cafes arise, by reason of witnesses being brought from

Ireland to be personally examined before committees of the house of

commons; be it enacted , That whenever a select committee ofWhenever it

the house of commons shall at any time hereafter be appointedshall appearto

afelect

for the trial and determination of any petition complaining comesittee

of an undue election or return of members to serve in parliament that

VOL. XLIII, NNN awy pe.

fortition com .

914 Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. c. 106. [ 1802.

plaining of for any county, city, borough, town, or place, in that part of

anyundue the united kingdom called Ireland , or complaining of the

election for

Ireland omission or insufficiency of any such return, or from any person

cannot be or persons desiring to oppose any right of election, or any right

effectually ofchoosing a returning officer or returning officers, in or for

enquired into such county , city, borough, town, or place , upon its appearing

before them

without great to the said committee, from the nature of the cafe, and the

expence, they number of witnesses to be examined relative to any particular

may , on ap, allegation or allegations in the said petition, that the fame

plication of cannot be effectually enquired into before such committee ,

theparties , without great expence and inconvenience to the parties,

make an

order for

or either of them, it shall and may be lawful toand for the said

the appoint- select committee, upon application of any of the parties before

ment ofcom- the said select committe, at any period during the course of

missioners .

their proceedings upon such petition , to make an order for the

nomination and appointment of commissioners, in manner

herein directed.

But no com-

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no

mission shall

commission as aforesaid shall issue under this act, except the

ifsue, unless

notice be

party or parties intending to apply for the same shall serve |

givento the

anotice on the opposite party or parties as soon as the petition

1

partyon pre-

in question shall be presented to the house ofcommons, of his

senting the petition of intention to

intention to apply to the select committee for such commission

as aforesaid .

apply for it.

VI. Provided always, andbe it further enacted, That ifthe said

Ifno commissioners be

committee shall not think it necessary to make such order, or

to appoint such commissioners as aforesaid, then and in such

necessary, committee

cafe the said committee shall proceed to try the merits of the

said petition, in the same manner as the merits on petitions

try the

merits of the respecting controverted elections are tried for that part of the

petition .

united kingdom called Great Britain.

Regulations VII. And be it further enacted, That whenever the said com-

for theap- mittee shall think fit to make an order for the appointment of

pointment of commissioners as aforesaid, such commissioners shall be appointed

commission- inmanner herein mentioned ; that is to say , on the next fitting

crs. dayafter the said order shall have been made by the said committee ,

at the time previously appointed by the said committee , in the

presence of the said committee, and alsoin the presence of the said

petitioners, their counsel or agents, and of the fitting members,

itheir counsel or agents, and also in the presence of all parties

before the house on distinct interests, or complaining or complained of on different grounds, or whose right to be elected or

returned maybe affected by the determination of the said select

committee, or their several and respective counsel or agents,

( or in the presence of such of the said parties , their counsel or

agents, as shall then and there attend), the names of three

barristers, each being of six years standing at the bar at the

least , and each of them having consented under their hands

and seals to become commissioners on being appointed in

manner herein mentioned, ( and not having voted at the election

in question for the county , city, borough, town, or place , respecting

1802. ] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 106.915

respecting which the election or return complained of , or other

subject matter of the petition in question, arose or happened,

and not being, nor having been at the time of the election

in question, theriff of the county , or returning officer of

the city , borough, town, or place , in or for which the said

election, return, or other matter of the petition in question, arose

or happened, nor having been counsel at such election ), shall be

delivered to the chairman of the said committee, by or on

behalf of each and every the said distinct parties, or by or on

behalf of such of them as shall then and there attend by

5

themselves, their counsel or agents ; and a lift of the whole of

: such names shall forthwith be made; and thereupon the said

parties, their counsel or agents, beginning on the part of the

said petitioners, shall, in the presence of the said committee,

proceed alternately to strike off the name of one of the said

barristers contained in the said lift , until the number shall be

reduced to two ; which said two barristers, together with the

5 chairman, who thall also be a barrifter of like standing, and who

shall be named and appointed in manner herein mentioned,

shall be commissioners for the purpose of examining all such

matters and things as shall be referred to them by the said

select committee in manner aforesaid, and as shall be specially

assigned and limited in the order of the said committee, for that

purpose made as aforesaid.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That immediately after the After the

appointment of the said two commissioners in manner aforesaid, appointment

and before the said committee shall adjourn, a third commif- of commif-

fioners a

fioner, for the purposes aforesaid, and who shall be the chairman chairman

of the said commission, shall be appointed in manner following shall be ap-

( that is to say), if all the parties interested shall agree among pointed in

manner here.

themselves in nominating and appointing any one such barrifter , in directed .

who shall have consented to such appointment under his hand

and seal, then such barrister so nominated and consenting,

shall be and he is hereby appointed to be a third commissioner

3

and chairman of the said commissioners ; but in cafe the several

parties shall not agree amongst themselves in the appointment

of such chairman as aforesaid, then it shall be lawful for the

said select committee to nominate any barrister of like standing

inmanner herein mentioned .

IX. And, in order to enable the said select committee to appoint

such chairman as aforesaid , be it enacted, That the clerk of the The clerk of

crown in Ireland , or his deputy , shall, at the commencement of the crown in

every session of parliament, send over to the speaker of the house Ireland shall,

atthe com-

ofcommons of the united parliament, a lift of all such barristers, mencement

ofnot less than six years standing , who shall have consented of every

under their hands and seals to act either as commissioners or session, tranf-

as chairman to the commissioners for the purposes of this act, mit to the

in cafe they or any of them shall be appointed in speaker a lift

manner of barrifters,

hereinmentioned, out of which lift the said select committee from which

are hereby directed to appoint one other commissioner who the com-

shall act as chairman to the said commissioners ; provided, that mittee shall

NNN2 appoint a

no chairman.

916 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III . C. 106. [1802.

no barrifter, whose name shall have been previously struck off

the lift by any of the parties before the said select committee ,

shall be appointed to act as chairman to the said commissioners.

Butwhen the

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if

parties no-

all the said parties interested in such petition shall agree in

minate three commissioners andde-

nominating any three such barrifters to be commissioners as

aforesaid, and shall deliver to the chairman of the select com-

liver in the

mittee a list of three such barristers so agreed upon, and con-

lift of their

namesto the committee,

senting to act as aforesaid , such lift being signed by all the said

parties , such three persons shall be and become commissioners

the commif- fioners shall

for the purposes aforesaid, as if they had been appointed in

manner herein mentioned; and in such case the said commif-

appoint their fioners shall appoint one of themselves to be their chairman.

chairman.

XI. And be it enacted, That when more than two parties

Whenmore appear before the house upon distinct and separate interests at

than two

parties appear the striking of the select committee, ifit shall appear that the

ondiftinct in - said several parties are actually distinct and separate, and that

terefts, the there is no collusion between them , that then and in such case

parties shall none of the parties shall be permitted to give in any lift of

not beper-

mitted to give barrifters to the said select committee for the purposes of ap-

inlist of

pointing commissioners as aforesaid, but that the said select com-

barrifters, &c. mittee shall, out of the lift of barrifters so returned by the clerk

of the crown or his deputy, appoint the three commissioners,

and nominate which of the three shall act as chairman .

If within one

XII. Provided also , and be it further enacted, That if within

hourafter the one hour after the time fixed by the said committee for the

time fixed by appointment of commissioners in pursuance of this act, the

the select

committee, petitioner or petitioners shall not appear either by themselves,

the petitioner their counsel or agents, before the said committee, or shall

does not ap- not give in any lifts of names in manner aforesaid, then and

pear, &c. he in such cafe the said committee shall not proceed to the ap

shall be de-

clared tohavepointment of such commissioners, so far as respects such

made default petitioner or petitioners so making default, but shall forthwith

inrecogni- report to the house that such petition in such respect as afore-

zance.

said was not proceeded upon before the said committee, and

the petitioner or petitioners so neglecting to appear shall be

held to have made default in the recognizance or recognizances

entered into by him or them on the presenting of such

petition.

Partyoppof- XIII. And be it further enacted , That if within one hour

i

!

ingpetition after the time fixed by the said committee for proceeding to

not attending the appointment of commissioners as aforesaid , the fitting

orwaving his

right in member or fitting members, or any other party or parties

striking off opposing the petition, shall not appear before the said committee

names from by himself or themselves, or by his or their counsel or agents,

the lift for

thepurpose ofor shall not give in any lift of names in manner aforesaid, for

appointing the purpose of appointing commissioners and of reducing the

commission- lift of such names as shall be delivered by or on behalf of any

ers, the

Chairman of party or parties appearing before the said select committee

the committee shall

as aforesaid, the place of a party opposing the petition shall be

suppliedby the chairman of the committee , who shallaccordingly,

doit . as

1802.] Annoregni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. C. 106. 917

as often as it shall come to his turn as supplying the place

of the party opposing the petition to strike out a name, put

all the then remaining names into a glass, and draw one

out, which name shall be struck off the said lift ; and the same

method of reducing the said list to the number of two shall

befollowed whenever any party shall wave his right of striking

offnames from the said lift .

XIV. And be it further enacted, That when and as soon Chairman of

as the said commissioners shall be appointed in manner aforesaid, committee

the chairman of the said select committee shall issue a warrant shall issue his

under his hand and seal, directed to each of the commissioners warrant to

each of the

so appointed, commanding the said commissioners and each ofcommission-

them, under the penalty of five hundred pounds, to repair to ers to repair

- the city, borough, town, or place, in or for which the election on a certain

or return complained of , or subject matter of the dayto the

other

arose or happened, on a daycertain petition da

to

be named in the said placewhere

the matter of

warrant, and which day shall not be less than fourteen days complaint

nor more than twenty-one days distant from the day on which arose.

the said commissioners were appointed in manner aforesaid ;

and in case any of the said commissioners shall neglect or refuse Penalty of

sool. fordif-

to obey the injunction of the said warrant , he or they so obeying the

neglecting or refusing shall accordingly forfeit the sum of five warrant.

hundred pounds; and the said chairman of the said committee

shall address to the chairman of the said commissioners a trueAcopyof the

petition ,

copyof the petition which shall have been referred to the said lift of dif-

committee , and of the said lists and disputed votes and state- puted votes,

ments of the several parties which shall have been delivered and state-

before the said committee , together with a true copy of the ments of the

parties, anda

order made by the said committee, specially assigning and copy of the

limiting the facts or allegations, matters, and things respecting order of the

which the said commissioners are required and directed to committee

examine evidence, and to report the same , together with all limiting facts,

shall ad-

such other documents and papers as the said select committee dressed to the

shall think proper ; all which warrants, petitions, orders, and chairman of

papers shall be conveyed to the clerk of the crown in Ireland , the commif-

or his deputy, and by him or his deputy transmitted to transmitted

the

fioners, and

several parties, in the method used in conveying writs in to the clerk

that part of the united kingdom called Great Britain; and of the crown,

the said chairman of the said select committee shall also transmit who shall

transmit the

a copy of his warrant, but not of the several other papers , fameto the

to the printer of the Dublin Gazette, to be inserted in the parties .

next number of the said Gazette which shall be published after

the receipt of the copy of the said warrant, bythe said printer. After com.

XV. And be it further enacted, That, immediately afterpletion of

the completion of the proceedings aforesaid, the saidchairman these pro-

of the said select committee shall thereupon report the proceedings, the

ceedings of the said committee to the house, and shall afk chairman of

thecom-permission of the house for the said committee to adjourn, mittee thall

until such time as the speaker shall , by his warrant, in manner report to the

herein , mentioned, direct the said committee to re- assemble ; houte, and

and upon such permission being granted , it shall and may be adjourn until

NNN3

lawful the speaker

918 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 106. [1802.

shall by war- lawful for the said committee to adjourn accordingly ; any act

rant re-affem-

or acts of parliament now in force to the contrary in anywise

ble them.

notwithstanding : provided always, that whenever any select

committee shall report to the house in manner aforesaid, they

shall state in their report that they have gone through all the

other parts of the said petition, except what have been specially

referred to the commissioners in Ireland herein mentioned.

The committee shall

not be dif-

solved on accountof the

death or ab-

fence of

members,

except re-

duced to

nine.

Commissioners thall open

their court,

and take the

following

oath.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That in all cases of the

trial of petitions on controverted elections for any county , city ,

borough, town, or place, in that part of the united kingdom

called Ireland , the select committee for the trial of such petition

shall not be dissolved on account of the death or absence of

any number of the members thereof , except the number of

the said committee shall be reduced to less than nine ; any act

or acts of parliament now in force , or any law, usage, or

custom to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.-

XVII. And be it further enacted, That, on the day and at

the place appointed , between the hours of ten in the forenoon

andfour in the afternoon, the said commissioners and chairman

shall meet and opentheir court, or commence their proceedings,

by reading the warrant of the said chairman of the said select

committee, and also the copy of the petition annexed to the

said warrant, and also the copies of all other papers transmitted

by the said chairman ; and the said commissioners shall, before

further proceeding on the business of their said commission ,

take and subscribe the following oath, that is to say,

Ἱ

A. B. do swear, That I will, without favour , affection, or

malice, and according to the best of my skill and know-

ledge, well and truly try and examine all such matters and

things as shall be brought before me by virtue of a warrant,

dated the day of

under the hand and seal

of the chairman of the select committee of the house of

commons, on a petition from [ hereftate the name or names of the

petitioner or petitioners and of the place to which the petition relates];

and that I will, in all things, well and truly perform the duty of

a commissioner appointed to try the said matters and things ,

according to the rules, regulations, and directions contained

in an act, pasled in the forty-second year of the reign of King

George the Third , intituled, [hereset forth the title of his aft. ]

'So help me GOD.'

Commissioner acting, not

being quali-

fied byhis de-

gree as bar-

rifter , shall

forfeit 500l .

Which oath the said chairman of the said commissioners, having

first taken and subscribed the fame in the presence of the reit

of the said commissioners, is hereby authorised and empowered

to administer to the other and others of them the said commissioners ; and if any person shall act as a commissioner in

the execution of this act , not being qualified by his degree

as a barrifter, every such person shall for such offence forfeit

Time offit-

ting of the

court.

and pay the fum of five hundred pounds, and the said commissioners shall fit every day (Sundays, Christmas Day , and

Good

1

に

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. c. 106. 919

Good Friday, only excepted) , from the hour of ten in the

morning till four in the afternoon, and shall never adjourn for

*

a longer time than twenty-four hours, except, in case of the

death or continued absence of any of the said commissioners

as herein provided, unless Sunday, Christmas Day, or Good

Friday , shall intervene; and in case of such intervention, every

meeting, fitting, or adjournment, shall be within twenty-four

hours from the time of appointing or fixing the fame, exclusive

of such Sunday, Christmas Day , or Good Friday.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That no one of the said Commission- erabsenting

commissioners shall be allowed to absent himself from the said himself , ex-

daily fittings and meetings, except in cases of sudden accident cept in cafe

or necessity , or in case of illness, and that such cafes of sudden of illness, &c.

accident or necessity shall be made appear to the others ofshall forfait

the said commissioners, by facts specially stated and verified fool . for every

day.

upon oath of the said commissioner so absenting himself ; and

that such illness shall be certified to the others of the said

commissioners on the oath of a physician; which oaths shall

be made before one of his Majesty's justices of the peace;

and that any commissioner who shall so absent himself without

such lawful excuse, shall for every day on which he shall fo

absent himself ,forfeit and pay the sum offive hundred pounds.

XIX . And be it further enacted, That the said commif , Commissioners not to fit

fioners shall never fit until all the said commissioners are met , unless the

except in cases where the absence of a commissioner is verified whole are

upon oath as aforesaid, nor then, except by consent of all present, ex-

parties in manner herein mentioned ; and in cafe the said cept in cases

where the

commissioners, or such number as shall be fo consented to, absence of a

( the said chairman being always one), shall not meet within commissioner

one hour after the time to which the meeting of the said com- is verified on

missioners shall have been adjourned, a further adjournment oath, nor

shall be made in the manner before directed, and so from time then, except

to time until all the said commissioners, or such number as thallbyconfent

ofparties.

be so consented to in manner herein mentioned , ( the said

chairman being always one) , are assembled, and ifthe number Regulations

of the said commissioners able to attend , shall at any time, by to be observed

in case of

death or otherwise, be unavoidably reduced to less than three, death or ab-

and shall fo continue for the space of three fitting days, and no fence, in the

such consent as herein-mentioned shall have been given, the appointment

party by whom the commissioner so dying or absenting himselfof other com-

awas originally appointed shall nominate barrifter , having missioners,

consented, in manner before mentioned, to act as a commissioner

in his place; and in case of the death or continued absence of

the chairman of the said commissioners for the space of three

fitting days, then the remaining commissioners shall proceed to

nominate one other such barrister, having consented, in manner

before mentioned, to be a new commissioner and chairman;

but in case the remaining commissioners cannot agree in the

appointment of a chairman, then the names of the remaining

commissioners shall be put into a glass in open court, in

the presence of the parties , or such of them as shall attend, and the

NNN4

920 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 106. [ 1802.

the commissioner whose name is first drawn out shall nominate

and appoint one such barrister ( having consented in manner

before mentioned) , to be such chairman ;and the said remaining

commissioners shall give notice of his appointment to such

commissioner or chairman so appointed, who shall thereupon,

under the penalty of five hundred pounds, repair to the place

of meeting of the other commissioners, on a day certain to be

named by the remaining commissioners, and which day shall

not be more than fourteen days distant from the day on which

the said commissioner or chairman was appointed in manner

aforesaid ; and all and every such commissioner or chairman so

from time to time to be appointed in the place or stead of any

commissioner or chairman dying or absenting himself for the

time aforesaid, shall in all respects have the same power, juris-

diction, and authority, as the commissioner in whose place or

stead he shall have been appointed in manner aforesaid, and

shall proceed conjointly with the other commissioners to com-

But anynum- plete the purposes for which the said commissioners were ori-

ber of the

ginally appointed.

commissioners(the chairman

XX. Provided always, nevertheless, That notwithstanding

any thing herein contained to the contrary, any number of the

being always said commissioners (the said chairman being always one), may,

one) may

during the absence or after the death of any other or others

absence or

act during the of the said commissioners, execute all the purposes of this act ,

death of any with the consent of all parties interested , and which consent

commission- shall be especially entered on the minutes of the proceedings of

er ,with con- the said commissioners, and signed by the parties, their counsel

sent of parties. or agents respectively.

Commissioner XXI. Provided always, and be it enacted , That if any

prevented from attend- commissioner appointed by virtue of this act shall be prevented

ingonaccount from attending at the day and place appointed as aforesaid, by

of illness, &c. any sudden accident , necessity, or illness, to be verified upon

H

not liable to oath in manner herein directed with respect to the absence of

penalty .

either of the said commissioners, after proceeding on the said

commission, then and in such case the commissioner or commif-

fioners so prevented from attending by such sudden accident ,

necessity, or illness, shall not be liable to the said penalty of

Commission-

five hundred pounds; any thingherein contained to the contrary

ers may adjourn to

notwithstanding.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may

anyplace they may think necef-

be lawful for the said commissioners, from time to time, to

adjourn to any town within the county , in all cases where it

fary .

shall appear to them necessary so to do.

Commission-

XXIII . And be it further enacted, That the said chairman

ers thall have

of the commission shall at all times, by warrant under his hand

power tofend

for persons,

and seal, have power to fend for all persons, papers, and

papers, and

records ; and the said commissioners shall examine all witnesses

records, and

who shall come before them upon oath, and shall examine all

shall examine

all matters

matters referred to them, and shall in all respects have the

referred to

same powers and authorities for examining the said matters fo

them , in

referred to them, as select committees of the house ofcommons

on

t

1

r

1

1

2

i

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 106. 921

oncontroverted elections have, for examining the matters and like manner

things referred to such select committees ; and the said com- as select

committees ;

missioners shall appoint a clerk, to take down in writing , andThall ap

minutes of all the proceedings of them the said commissioners, point a clerk

and of all such evidence as shall be given or produced before to take down

them, in as accurate a manner as the fame can possibly be done ;minutes of

and thall proceed inexamining all and every witness or wit-theirproceed-

ings; and

nesses who shall come before them, and in scrutinizing the within to

rights of any voter or voters, and in all other matters and things days after

whatsoever referred to them , in the famecourse and manner, there

evidence

and according to the same rules, as select committees of the halltransmit

house of commons on controverted elections ought and are one copy to

empowered to proceed in like cafes; and the clerk appointed by the clerk of

the said commissioners shall from time to time make, or cause to the crown

for Ireland,

be made, true copies of the minutes of all proceedings before and another

the said commissioners, and of all such evidence as shall be to the

given or produced before them, and shall give one such copy speaker.

to each of the parties interested , or his or their agent, or to such

of them as shall demand the fame, on being paid for each

sheet of the said copy, consisting of seventy-two words, the

fum of sixpence; and within ten days after the evidence before

the said commissioners shall be closed touching the matters and

things referred to them, the said commissioners shall cause two

copies of the minutes of all their proceedings to be made, and

shall examine the fame with the said minutes, and shall sign and

seal the said copies; and shall transmit by their clerk, one of the

said copies to the clerk of the crown for Ireland , or his deputy

at the crown office in Dublin ; and the other of the said copies

to the speaker of the house of commons of the parliament of

the said united kingdom , who shall accordingly communicate

the same to the said house ; and upon the transmission of the

said copies the said commissioners shall adjourn, in order to

receive such further orders from the select committee upon

the petition in question as such committee may from time

to time think requisite and necessary.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said com- No counsel

missioners shall not permit or suffer any barrister or counsel shallplead before them ,

to plead before them, or to examine or cross -examine any or examine

of the witnesses ; but that the said commissioners shall themselves witnesses .

examine and cross-examine all the witnesses that shall be

produced before them.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in Commission-

cafe, at any time in the course of the said proceedings before ers shall state

the said commissioners, any of the said parties shall tender or their reasons

offer to produce to the said commissioners any witness or inwriting for

rejecting any

evidence to , of , or concerning any matter or thing whatsoever evidence that

in issue before the said commissioners, which witness or evidence may be ten-

the said commissioners, or a majority of them, shall be ofdered; but

opinion ought not to be examined, heard , or received, the such evidence

shall besaid commissioners shall state in writing the reasons and grounds taken down

upon which they have rejected the said evidence , and enter by the clerk,

the and, with a

922 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 106. [1802.

statement of the fame upon their proceedings; and it shall and may be lawful

thepurpose to and for the party tendering or offering to produce such

for which

produced , witness or evidence , to require of the said commissioners, that

thallbetranf- the said witness or evidence shall be examined, heard, and

nitted to the received, by and before them ; and the testimony of such

select com-

witness, or the purport of such evidence , shall accordingly be

mittee, who taken down in writing by the clerk to the said commissioners

shall report thereon to the separately and apart from all other evidence before the said

house.

commissioners, and a copy thereof , with a statement of the

purpose to or for which the said witnessor evidence was produced,

and by whom the same was produced, ( hall be signed and fealed

by the said commissioners, in the nature ofa bill of exceptions to

evidence , and the same shall be transmitted by the said commif-

fioners, together with all the other proceedings before them , in

manner herein mentioned; and if the select committee of the

house ofcommons, to whom the merits of the petition in question

shall be afterwards referred, in manner herein mentioned , shall be

of opinion, that the tendering and offering of such witness or

evidence was frivolous or vexatious, or that the testimony of such

witness , or the purport of such evidence was impertinent or irre-

levant to the matter in issue before the said commissioners, the

said committee shall report such their opinion to the house , to-

gether with their opinion on the other matters relating to the

said petition, and the party who shall before the said commil-

fioners have opposed the examining, hearing, or receiving of such

witness or evidence, shall be entitled to recover from the person or

persons who shall have produced such witness or evidence, the full

costs and expences which such party or parties shall have incurred

in opposing the same, or by reason of the fame being received in

manner aforesaid ; which costs and expences shall be ascertained

and recovered in the same manner and form as are now provided

by law for the recovery of costs and expences in cases of

frivolous or vexatious petitions, or frivolous or vexatious oppo-

fition to any petition.

Within two

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That within two days

days after the after the copy of the said proceedings before the said commil-

copy ofpro- fioners shall be received by the speaker of the house of

ceedings

of the

commons, the said speaker shall insert in The London Gazette

commission- a warrant signed by him, directing the select committee upon

ers shall be the petition in question to re -assemble and meet again within

received by the speaker,

the space of one month from the date of such warrant, provided

he shall insert parliament shall be then fitting; and in case parliament shall

in the London not then be fitting, to meet within one month after the com-

Gazette a

warrantdi-

mencement of the next session of parliament, and that the said

recting the

select committee shall accordingly re-assemble and meet again,

and shall take the said proceedings of the said commissioners

select committeeto meet into consideration , and shall proceed to try and determine the

within a

merits of the said petition, in such and the same manner as

month, who select committees on controverted elections are by the laws

shalltry and determine the now in force directed to proceed, try, and determine; save and

merits of the except that the said committee shall not call for or receive any

petition on

other

L.

1

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. с. 106. 923

other or further evidence, written or parole, respecting any the evidence

matters or things which shall have been tried and examined before them,

by the said commissioners in manner aforesaid ; but the said and mayhear

counsel on

committee shall determine on all such matters and things from the effect of

the written minutes of the evidence, and proceedings before the suchevidence ,

said commissioners, and the certificates of the said commif- and shall

fioners so signed, sealed and transmitted as aforesaid : provided opinion

report their

to the

always, that the said committee shall and may be at liberty to house.

hear counsel, as to the effect of the said evidence , in like manner

as they may do respecting any other matter in question before

them; and that the said select committee shall report their own

opinion to the house, upon the whole merits of the said election

or other matter of the said petition.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That The select

the said select committee shall, (from time to time during the committee may direct

continuance of the said committee, and at anytime before re- further war-

porting their final opinion to the house on the merits of the pe- rants to the

tition in question), have full power and authority to direct any commission-

further or other warrant to the said chairman of the commissioners, ers, who shall

re -assemble

under the hand and seal of the chairman of the said committee, for the pur-

ordering and directing the said commissioners to re-assemble for poses therein

such purposes as shall be in the said warrant specified ; and that specified.

such and the like proceedings shall be had upon such further

warrant of the chairman of the said committee as are herein

directed with respect to the said warrant of the chairman of the

said committee herein first mentioned.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every per- Penalty on

fon and persons who shall wilfully give false evidence, or make persons mak-

anyfalse oath or affidavit before the said commissioners, or before ing false

oaths before

any justice of the peace , touching any matter or thing provided the commif-

for by this act, shall be prosecuted and indicted for the fame; fioners, &c.

and such person or persons being convicted thereof , shall be sent

to some house of correction for a time not exceeding seven

years, there to be kept to hard labour during all the said time,

or otherwise to be transported to some of his Majesty's plantations beyond the seas, for a term not exceeding seven years , as

the court shall deem most proper: and that it shall and may be

lawful for the chairman of the said commissioners, and he is

hereby authorised and empowered, by warrant under his hand

and seal, directed to any one or more constable or constables, or

to any other person or persons specially appointed by such chair-

man, to summon and require the attendance of any witness or

witnesses, or other person or persons, before the said commif-

sioners, at the day and place to be mentioned in the said warrant. Witnesses

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any person so neglecting

summoned as a witness as aforesaid shall neglect or refuse to their duty, or

attend, without lawful excuse, to be determined by the said com- persons mif-

missioners ; or if any witness before such commissioners thail behavingbe-

fore the com-prevaricate or shall otherwise misbehave in giving or refusing to missioners ,

give evidence, or if any person shall be guilty of any contempt may be com-

or misbehaviour whatsoever of or towards the said commissioners, mitted by the

while chairman,

924Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. c. 106. [1802.

while fitting and acting in the execution of their said commif-

sion, the said chairman of the said commissioners shall , and he is

hereby empowered, by a warrant under his hand and seal, and

directed to the gaoler of the common gaol of the county orplace

in which the said commissioners shall fit , to commit such person

( not being a peer of the realm or a lord of parliament), to the

custody of the said gaoler, without bail or mainprize, for any

Incase itbe

time not exceeding six calendar months.

necessary to

XXX. And be it enacted, That in case it shall be requisite to

summon a

member of

summon any member of parliament to give evidence before the

parliament ,

said commissioners, who shall be then attending his duty in par-

the chairman

liament , that in such case the chairman of the commissioners

of the com-

shall certify the same to the speaker of the house of commons,

missioners

who shall report the same to the house.

shall certify

the same to

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That each of the said

the speaker, Allowances

commissioners so to be appointed in manner aforesaid, thall ,

immediately after the select committee on thepetition in question

to be made

shall have made the final report to the house on the merits of the

the commif- fioners and

said petition , be entitled to demand and receive from the lords

their clerk.

commissioners of the treasury in Dublin, the sum of two hundred

pounds , for his attendance upon the execution of the said commission, together with the sum of one guinea for every day which

such commissioner shall have been, or shall be necessarily en-

gagedonthe said commission, and also his travelling expences, at

the rate of one shilling and sixpence for every mile which such

commissioner shall have travelled from or to his usual place of

abode, in his attendance on the execution of such commission ;

and that the clerk to the said commissioners shall also, upon his

!

transmitting the said copies in manner aforesaid, be entitled to

demand and receive from the lords commissioners of the treasury

in Dublin, such sum or fums for his attendance on the execution

of the said commission as the said commissioners shall under

their hands certify to be reasonable, not exceeding the amount

of two guineas for each day of his attendance on the execution

of the said commission, together with such sum for the copies of

the evidence transmitted to the clerk of the crown in Ireland ,

and the speaker of the house, in manner aforesaid, as the said

commissioners shall think fit , not exceeding the sum of fix-pence

for every sheet, consisting ofseventy-two words, the said copies

shall contain.

Penalties may

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That all pecuniary

be sued for in penalties in and by this act imposed shall and may be recovered,

any court of

record in

with full costs of suit, by any person or persons who shall fue for

Ireland.

the fame by action of debt in any court of record in that part of

the united kingdom called Ireland; in which action it shall be

sufficient for the plaintiff or plaintiffs to declare that the defendant

or defendants is or are indebted to him or them (to the amount

of the penalty sued for), by virtue of this act ; and in which

action no essoign, privilege, protection, or wager of law, shall

be allowed, nor more than one imparlance.

XXXIII. Pro-

i 1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 107. 925

11

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That Limitation

every indictment, information, or action, for any offence against of actions .

1

this act, or any forfeiture incurred under the same, shall be

found , filed, or commenced within one year after the commif-

fion of the fact on which such indictment, information , or

action shall be grounded , or within six months after the conclu-

J

fion of the proceedings in the house of commons relating to

the petition on the trial of which such fact shall have arisen .

CAP. CVII.

An act more effectually to prevent the stealing of deer.-

[ June 26, 1802. ]

WHERE these

THEREAS it is expedient to makesome further provision for

of deer, and the punishment of deer

Realers; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent

majesty , by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual Persons who

and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, shall hunt, or

and by the authority of the same, That, from and after the paf- take in any

fnare, or

sing of this act, if any person or persons shall wilfully course or moot , &c. or

hunt, or take in any flip, noose, toil , or snare, or kill, wound, or carry away,

destroy, or shoot at or otherwise attempt to kill, wound, or any deer in

destroy , or shall carry away, any red or fallow deer, kept or any inclosed

being in the inclosed part of any forest, chace , purlieu, or ancient ground , with-

out consent

walk , or any inclosed park, paddock, wood, or other inclosed of the owner,

ground wherein deer are , have been, or shall be usually kept, shall, oncon-

without the consent of the owner of such deer, or without being viction, be

otherwise duly authorised, or shall knowingly be aiding, abetting, transported

or assisting therein or thereunto, every person so wilfully years ;

seven

offending as aforesaid, in any of the cafes above mentioned, shall

be deemed and taken to be guilty of felony, and, being lawfully

convicted thereof upon indictment, shall be adjudged to be

transported for the term of seven years.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the and persons

-passing of this act , ifany person shall wilfully courseor hunt, or forneces committing

take in any flip, noose , toil, or snare , or kill , wound or destroy , in uninclosed

or shoot at or otherwise attempt to kill, wound, or destroy, or ground shall

shall carry away, any red or fallow deer, kept or being in the forfeit sol.

uninclosed part of any forest, chase, purlieu, or ancient walk,

without the consent of the owner of such deer, or without being

otherwise duly authorised , or shall knowingly be aiding, abetting,

or assisting therein or thereunto, every person so offending shall,

for every such act of wilful courfing or hunting , and for every

such attempt to kill, wound, or destroy, and for every deer so

taken or killed, wounded or destroyed, or thot at or carried away

as aforesaid, in or from any uninclosed part of any forest, chase ,

purlieu , or ancient walk, forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds; Persons in-

and if the offender in any of the cafes aforesaid shall be a keeper trustedwith

of or person in any manner entrusted with the care or thedeer, fo

custodyofoffending,

deer in the forest , chase , purlieu, or ancient walk, wherein the thall forfeit

offence

926 Anno regni quadragesimo fecundoGEORGII III. C. 107. [1802.

double the offence shall be committed , he shall for every such offence

penalty. forfeit and pay double the penalty herein-before enacted to be

paid by other offenders .

Provisions of III. And be it further enacted, That all powers, provisions,

16Geo. 3 . rules, regulations, methods, forms, restrictions, and all other

c. 30.extended matters and things enacted, prescribed, appointed , or contained

to this act.

in and by an act of the parliament of Great Britain, made in the

sixteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An

act more effectually to prevent the stealing of deer; and to repeal

severalformerstatutes made for the like purpose , for or concerning

the seizing and apprehending and the conviction of persons

offending against the said act , and for or concerning the reco-

very, application and disposal of the penalties and forfeitures

therein mentioned, and for or concerning the time and manner

of appealing from convictions, and of bringing actions or prose-

cutions against any person or persons for any thing done under

or in pursuance of the said act, and for or concerning the manner

of pleading and other proceedings in such actions, and the costs

by the said act given in certain cafes, shall, so far as the same

respectively are applicable, be in full force and effect , and be

applied and made use ofin seizing and apprehending and in con-

victing offenders against this act, and in the recovery , application,

anddisposal of the penalties and forfeitures hereby imposed, and

with respect to the time and manner of appealing from convic-

tions, and of bringing actions and prosecutions against any person

for any thing done under or in pursuance of this act, and with

respect to the manner of pleading and other proceedings in such

actions, and the costs thereof , and for all other purposes to

which such powers, provisions, rules , regulations, methods,

forms , restrictions , matters and things, or any of them, are

applicable under this act, as fully as if the same had been severally

In default of

herein contained and set forth: provided always, that in case of

payment of non payment of any pecuniary penalty or forfeiture imposed by

penalties, this act, with the charges incident to the conviction, immediately

offenders may on the conviction, and for want of sufficient distress of the goods

be committed and chattels of the offender or offenders, he and they shall be

forfixmonths . fent by the justice or justices before whom such conviction stall

be made to the common gaol of the county , riding , or division,

city, town, or place , where the offence was committed, for fix

months, there to remain without bail or mainprize , unless the

penalty and charges incident be sooner paid.

Persons con-

IV. And be it further enacted , That if any person or persons,

victed on a

after having been duly convicted of any offence for which a

second of-

pecuniary penalty or forfeiture is imposed, either by this act or

fence , for

which apecu-

by the said act made in the sixteenth year of the reign of his

niary penalty

present Majesty, shall offend a second time by committing any

is imposed ,

offence against this act , for which a pecuniary penalty or for-

shall be ad-

feiture is herein-before imposed, such second offence, whether it

judged to be transported for seven

be the fame offence as the first offence, or be any other of the

said offences, shall be deemed and taken to be a felon, and the

years .

person or persons guilty thereof , being lawfully convicted upon indictment,

t

J

1

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. C. 108.927

indictment, shall be adjudged to be transported for the term of

seven years.

V. And , to the intent that the prosecution of persons whoshall offend Convictions of

afecond time may be carried on with as little expence and trouble as the first of-

fence shall be

may be; be it further enacted, That the justice before whom any transmittedto

person shall be convicted , for the first time, of any offence against the quarter-

this act for which a pecuniary penalty or forfeiture is imposed, sessions, there

shall transmit such conviction under his hand and seal to the to be filed .

quarter-fession which next after such conviction shall be holden

for the county, riding, or division, city, town, or place wherein

such first offence was committed, there to be filed by the clerk

of the peace or other proper officer, and kept amongst the records

of the court; and such conviction so filed, or a true copy thereof ,

certified by such clerk of the peace or other officer, or proved to

be a true copy, shall be a sufficient evidence to prove the conviction for such first offence as aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the So much of

passing of this act , so much of the said act made in the sixteenth 16Geo. 3 .

year of the reign of his present Majesty, as imposes or inflicts flicts penalties

c. 30. as in-

anypenalty , forfeiture, or punishment, on any person who thall for hunting or

hunt or course, or take in any flip, noose, toil, or fnare, or kill, shooting deer,

wound, or destroy, or shoot at or otherwise attempt to kill, &c . shall be

wound, or destroy, or carry away, any fallow deer in any forest, repealed .

chase, purlieu, or ancient walk, whether inclosed or not , or in

any inclosed park, paddock, wood, or other inclosed ground,

where deer were or had been or should be usually kept , without

the consent of the owner, or without being otherwise duly authorised, or who shall be aiding, abetting, or aflitting therein ,

shall , with respect to the said offences committed after the passing

of this act, be and the fame is hereby repealed.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That, no- Not to extend

thingherein contained shall extend to those parts of the united to Scotland or

kingdom called Scotland and Ireland.

Ireland.

CAP. CVIII .

An actfor encreasing the rates ofsubsistence to be paid to innkeepers

and others on quarteringfoldiers.-[June 26, 1802.]

W

HEREAS by an act passed in the presentfeffion ofparlia- Mutinyact

ment, for punishing mutiny and desertion , and for the better recited.

payment of the army and their quarters, certain rates are established

in that part of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland

called England, the dominion of Wales, and the town of Berwick-

upon-Tweed ,for the payment of innholders and others on whom non-

commissioned officers and privatefoldiers are quartered and billetted ,

whoshall befurnished with diet andsmall beer at their quarters ; and

an option is given to such innholders and others, to furnish certain ar-

ticles gratis, in lieu of diet and small beer, at the rates prescribed ':

and whereas the rules prescribedfor furnishingfoldiers with necessaries

are ,in many instances, become, from the bigh price of provisions, in-

adequate , and are productive of distress to such innholders and others :

may

928Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 108. [1802.

may it therefore please your Majestythat it maybe enacted ; and

be it enacted bythe King's most excellent majesty, by and with

the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and

commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the au-

Non-commif -the

fioned officers

thority of the same, That every non-commissioned officer and

and soldiers

private soldier who shall be furnished with diet and small beer

to allow is.

within the aforesaid parts of the united kingdom, by the inn-

4d. per diem holders or other persons on whom such non-commissioned offi-

for diet and

small beer

cers or private soldiers shall be quartered and billetted by virtue

inquarters in England ;

of the said act, shall pay and allow for the fame one chilling and

four-pence per diem ; and that the accounts of the same shall be

rendered, and payment thereof made, in like manner as is directed

in the said act now in force touching the former rates of seven-

pence per diem for the cavalry, and five - pence per diem for the

infantry.

and for arti-

cles which have beenfur-

II. And be it further enacted, That in case any innholders or

other persons onwhom any non-commissioned officers or private

μ

nished gratis

men shall be quartered within the aforesaid parts of the united

in lieu there .

of , onehalf-

kingdom, shall, by virtue of the said option in the said act, fur-

nish such non- commissioned officers or soldiers with the articles

penny per

diem to be

therein mentioned, in lieu of furnishing diet and small beer, at

allowed.

the rates prescribed by this act, such innholders or other persons

onwhom such non-commissioned officers or soldiers are quartered,

and by whom the said articles shall have been so supplied , shall

receive, in consideration thereof , one half - penny per diem for

cach non-commissioned officer and soldier, instead of furnishing

the famegratis, as required by the said act; which sum of one

half -penny per diem shall be accounted for and paid in like man-

ner as is directed touching the rates aforesaid.

For horses

quartered,

18. 2d. per

diem tobe

paid for hay

and straw.

III. And be it further enacted, That the sum to be paid to

the innholder or other person within the aforesaid parts of the

united kingdom, on whom any of the horses belonging to his

Majesty's forces shall be quartered by virtue of the said act , for

hay and straw, shall be one shilling and two-pence per diem for

each horse, instead of fix- penceper diem as directed in the said act ,

So much of

IV. And whereas the provisions contained in the said recited act ,

recited act as relates to fur-

with respect to the manner ofdieting within the aforesaid parts of the

nishing with

united kingdom non- commissioned officers andfoldiers on a march , er

diet non-

employed in recruiting, and likewise the recruits by them raised , bave

commissioned been productive of much inconvenience, as well to the troops as the

officers and

soldiers on a

innholders ; be it further enacted, That so much of the said re-

march, or re-

cited act as relates to the manner of furnishing non-commissioned

cruiting, re-

officers and soldiers on a march, or employed in recruiting , and

pealed .

likewise the recruits by them raised, with diet or other provision,

be , and the same is hereby repealed.

Regulation with respect

V. And be it further enacted, That all non-commissioned

officers and soldiers shall be entitled to receive their diet and

todieting non-commif-

small beer from the innholders or other persons on whom they

fioned officers may be billetted, within the aforesaid parts of the united king-

andfoldiers dom, at the rates herein-before prescribed, while on the march,

on their

as also on and for the day of their arrival at the place of their

march. final

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. C. 108. 929

final destination, and on the two subsequent days, unless either

of the two subsequent days shall be a market day in and for the

town or place where such officers or soldiers shall be billetted ,

or within the distance of two miles thereof, in which cafe it

shall and may be lawful for the innholder, or other person as

12

aforesaid , to discontinue on and from such market day the fup-

ply ofdiet and small beer, and to furnish in lieu thereof the ar-

ticles in the said recited act specified, and at the rate herein-before

prescribed.

VI. Provided always, That if any victualler or other person Persons pay .

liable by the said recited act to have soldiers billetted or quartered ing money to

non- commif-

onhim or her, shall pay any fum or sums ofmoney to any non- fioned officers

commissioned officer or soldier on the march, in lieu of furnish- or soldiers on

ing in kind, the diet and small beer to which such non- commif- the march,

fioned officer or soldier is entitled under the said act , every such in lieu offur-

victualler or other person may be proceeded against and fined in nishing diet

and small

like manner as if he or she had refused to furnish or allow, ac- beer, liable to

cording to the directions of the said recited act, the several things be fined.

respectively directed to be furnished to non-commissioned offi-

cers or soldiers so quartered or billetted on him or her as aforesaid.

VII. Provided also , That if any regiment, troop, company, or When halted

3

detachment, when on the march, shall be halted, either for a on amarch,

non-commif-

limited or indefinite time, at any intermediate place, the non- fioned officers

commissioned officers and soldiers belonging thereto shall be en- and soldiers

titled to receive their diet and small beer from the persons on entitled to

whom they shall be billetted at such intermediate place, for such diet and

time only for which they would be entitled to receive the fame smallbeer as

after arriving

after arriving at the place of their final destination, according to at their defti-

this act. nation :

VIII. Provided nevertheless, That whenever it shall happen and if such

that any regiment, troop, company, or detachment, when on halting be

their march, shall be halted, and it shall appear by the marching only for aday

after arrival,

orders that it is not intended that such regiment, troop, com- and that be a

pany, or detachment , shall halt for any longer time than one in marketday ,

tire day after the day of their arrival at the place of halting, and

their diet and

८

the day after such arrival shall be such market day as aforesaid, it

small beer,

not to be dif-

shall not be lawful for the innholders or other persons on whom

continued.

the non-commissioned officers and soldiers shall be billetted, to

discontinue, on such market day, the supply of diet and small

beer to any such officers or soldiers ; but that all such officers

and soldiers shall be entitled to receive their diet and finall beer

from such innholders and other persons aforesaid, upon such

market day as aforesaid, at the rates herein- before prescribed, in

like manner as they would have been entitled thereto , if such

day had not been a market day; any thing herein-before contained to the contrary hereofnotwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all non-commissioned Regulations

officers and private men employed in recruiting, and the recruits respecting

by them raised, shall, while on the march, and for two days after recruiting

and

-the day of their arrival at anyrecruiting station , be entitled to recruits on

VOL. XLIII. the their march.

1

930 Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. C. 109. [ 1802.

the fame benefits as are herein-before provided in regard to troops

upon the march; but no recruit enlisted after the two days sub-

sequent to the arrival of the party at their recruiting station, shall

be entitled to be supplied with diet and small beer at the rate

herein- before prescribed, except at the option of the person on

whom he shall be quartered: provided also nevertheless, That in

case any such recruiting party , with the recruits by them raised ,

shall removefrom their station, and after a time shall return to

the same place, they, and the recruits by them raised, so return-

ing, shall not be again entitled to the supplyofdiet and small beer

for such two days as aforesaid, unless the period between the time

of their removal from such place, and their return thereto, shall

Rates offub- have exceeded twenty-eight days.

sistenceby an X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the rates

actoflast sef- ofsubsistence directed to be paid to innkeepers and others, on

be

payableuntil quartering soldiers by an act passed in the last session ofparlia-

commencement, shall be payable until the commencement of this act.

ment of this

XI. And be it further enacted, That this act shall commence

act .

and take place from the day of the pasling thereof , and be in

Continuance force until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight

of act.

hundred and three.

CAP. CIX.

Analt for authorising and rendering valid the discharge of certain

militia men in Ireland ; and for giving indemnity to the several

counties and places in Ireland which may incur any expence in

consequence of the discharge of certain militia men. -[June 26 ,

1802. ]

WHEREAS mistakes and inconveniences have happened in en-

engaging, and recruiting the men who were severally

engaged to serve in the militia in Ireland at the time when the

fame was disembodied : and whereas at the time of the disembodying

of the said militia, doubts hadoccurred in consequence of the said inac-

curacies and mistakes, as to the preciseperiodfor which the men were

severally bound to serve : and whereas under all the circumstances it

is expedient to give general discharges to all such militia men (except

as herein-after excepted ), who were actuallyferving or engaged te

Serve when the regiments were respectively disembodied , and to render

valid all such discharges as shall or may have already been given to

any such militia men ; be it therefore enacted by the King's most

excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the

lords spiritual and temporal , and commons, in this present par-

Militiamen

serving, or

liament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That all

engaged to

and every militia man and militia men who were actually serv-

serve , at the

ing or engaged to serve at the time when the regiments or bat-

time their

regiment or

talions to which they severally belonged were respectivelydif-

battalion

embodied (other than and except the permanent non-commif-

weredisembo-

fioned officers, drummers, and fifers in such regiments or bat-

died(except talions), shall be deemed and taken to be fully discharged, and

are

i

1

i

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 111. 931

are hereby declared to be discharged accordingly ; and all dif - permanent

charges already given, and all such as shall hereafter be given, fioned off-

non- commif-

shall be good and valid to all intents and purposes whatsoever ; cers, drum-

and every such man so discharged (except as aforesaid) ( hall be mers, and

entitled to the fame immunity from further service as if he had fifers ), deem-

1

served the full time of his engagement ; any thing in any act or edto be fully

acts of the parliament of Ireland , or of the parliament of the discharged.

united kingdom, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwith-

standing.

コ

II. And whereas it isjust and equitable that indemnity should be

given to the several counties and places in Ireland which may incur

any expence in consequence of the discharge of certain of the said militia

3

men as aforesaid , whenever it shall appear from the tenor of thefeveral

attestations that any of the said menso discharged were legally bound to

Serve for afurther period than that at which they were or may bereafter

be so severally discharged; be it therefore further enacted , That Where any

whenever it shall happen that any county, county of a town or county, &c.

city in Ireland , ( hall be called upon to provide, and shall accord- shall be called

upon to pro-

ingly have provided, any man or men for the regiment or bat- vide men in

- talion of militia belonging to the said county, county of a town, the room of

or city , in the room of any militia man or militia men who shall those so dif-

beor thall have been so discharged before the end of the period charged, the

gover-

for which it shall appear, from the tenor of his or their attesta- normayorder

tion or attestations, that such militia man or militia men were a fum not ex-

_ legally bound to serve ; then, and in such cafe, it shall and may ceeding 21.

be lawful for the chief governor or chief governors of Ireland , 25. for each

man provi-

for the time being, to order and direct, from time to time , such ded, to be

fum or fums of money (not exceeding the sum of two guineas paid to the

for every militia man so provided), as may appear to him or clerk of the

peaceby any

themnecessary for that purpose, tobe paid to the clerk of the peace collector of

for the said county, county ofa town, or city, by any of the col- the revenue.

lectors of his majesty's revenue out of any publick monies in

their hands, or out of any of the aids or supplies which shall

be granted to his Majesty , his heirs and successors ; and every

sum so paid by any collector shall be allowed to every such collector in his accounts; and every sum so paid to any clerk of the

peace shall be accounted for by him before the commissioners

appointed for examining the publick accounts of Ireland .

CAP. CX.

An act for raising the sum of five millionsbyloans or exchequer bills,

for the service of Great Britain, for the year one thousand eight

hundred and three.-[June 26, 1802. ]

CAP. CXI .

An act for raising the fum of one million five hundred thousand pounds,

byloans or exchequer bills, for the service of Great Britain, for the

yearone thousand eight hundred and three.-[June 26, 1802.]

0002 CAP.

932 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 115. [1802.

CAP. CXII.

An act for granting to his Majesty the sum of two hundred thousand

pounds , to be issued and paid to the governor and company of the

bank of England, to be by them placed to the account of the commissioners for the reduction of the national debt of Great Britain.-

[June 26, 1802.]

CAP. CXIII.

An act for fettling and securing a certain annuity on lord Hutchinson

baron Hutchinson of Alexandria, and ofKnocklofty in the county of

Tipperary, and the two next persons to whom the title of baron

Hutchinson shall descend, in consideration of his eminent services.-

[June 26, 1802. ]

Whereas your Majesty, by your most gracious message to your most

faithful commons, has been pleased to declare, That your Majesty,

having taken into your royal consideration the eminent services performed by lieutenant-general lord Hutchinson, during the lateglorious

andsuccessful campaign in Egypt ; your Majesty was desirous to bestow

asignal mark of your royal favour and approbation ; and for this purpose to give and grant unto general lord Hutchinson, and to the two

next succeeding heirs male of his body to whom the title of baron

Hutchinson of Alexandria, and of Knocklofty in the county ofTip-

perary , shall descend , for and during their lives, a net annuity of two

thousand pounds per annum ; but your Majesty, not having it in your

power to grant an annuity to that amount, or to extend the effect of

the said grant beyond the term of your Majesty's own life , recom-

mended it to your faithful commons to consider of a proper method of

enabling your Majesty to grant the fame , and of extending, securing,

andfettling such annuity to the said lord Hutchinson, and to the two

next persons on whom the title of baron Hutchinson of Alexandria, and

of Knocklofty in the county of Tipperary, shall descend, in such manner

as should be thought most effectual for the benefit of the said lordHut-

chinfon and the family of the said lord Hutchinson. An annuity of

2000l. per annum settled on lord Hutchinson, and the two next fuc-

ceeding heirs to his title , to commence from September 2, 1801, and to

be paid quarterly. The annuity to be paid at the exchequer without

fees. Thewarrant for payment of the annuity not to bedeterminable

upon the demise of his Majesty, &c. Commissioners of the treasury ,

chancellor of the exchequer, &c. are to do all things necessary for the

execution of this act without fees. The receipt of lord Hutchinson, and

his successors, shall be a sufficient discharge. Annuity to be tax free.

Annuitynot to be alienated or incumbered for a longer term thanduring

the life of the possessor .

CAP. CXIV.

An act for extending the provisions of two acts of the thirty-fifth and

thirty-eighth years of his present Majesty, so far as they relate to the

encouragement of persons coming to MilfordHaven for the purpose

of carrying on the Southern whale- fishery.-[June 26, 1802. ]

Persons described in 35 Geo. 3. c. 92. and 38 Geo. 3. C. 57. who shall

come to the port of Milford by Dec. 31, 1805, with their families , and

shall bring any number of vessels not exceeding twenty, shall be entitled

to the privileges thereby granted, on complying with the regulations

therein contained.

CAP. CXV.

An act for the regulation of his Majesty's royal marine forces while on

shore.-[June 26, 1802. ]

CAP.

1

i

3

1

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo fecundoGEORGII III. C. 116. 933

CAP. CXVI.

Analt for consolidating the provisions of the several acts passed for

the redemption and sale of the land- tax, into one alt , and for

makingfurther provisions for the redemption andfale thereof ; and

for removing doubts respecting the right of persons claiming to vote

at elections for knights of the shire and other members toserve in

parliament , in respect of messuages, lands, or tenements, the land-

tax upon which shall have been redeemed or purchased.-[June

26, 1802.]

WHEREAS the powers and provisions of thefeveral acts passed

in his present Majesty's reignfor the redemption andpurchase

of land - tax would be more easily carried into execution, ifthe fame

were varied and amended insome respects, and were comprized in

one act ; and it is expedient that further provisionsshould be made for

facilitating the redemption and purchase of the land -tax : be it

therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and

with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal,

and commons, in this present parliament afsembled, and by the

authority of the same, That all and every the provisions, powers,

rules, directions, and clauses, contained in an act passed in the

thirty-eighth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled, An Provisions of

actfor making perpetual , subject to redemption and purchase in the 38 Geo. 3.

c. 60.

manner therein stated , the several fums of money now charged in

Great Britain as a land -tax for one year from the twenty- fifth day

of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety- eight ; and in an

act passed in the thirty-ninth year of his said Majesty's reign, 39Gea . 3. c. 6.

intituled, An att to enlarge the time limitedfor the redemption of the

land - tax , and to explain and amend an act, made in the lastfession of

parliament , intituled, An act for making perpetual, subject to re-

demption andpurchase in the manner thereinstated , thefeveral fums

of money now charged in Great Britain as a land -tax for one year

from the twenty- fifth day of March one thousand seven hundred and

ninety-eight; and in another act, also passed in the thirty-ninth 39Geo. 3.

year of his said Majesty's reign, intituled, An act to amend andC. 21.

render more effectual two acts, passed in the thirty- eighth year of his

present Majesty's reign and the presentfession of parliament, for the

redemption and purchase of the land -tax ; and in another act, also

passed in the thirty-ninth year of his said Majesty's reign, inti- 39Geo. 3.

tuled , An act to amend so much of three acts , made in the last andC. 40.

present session of parliament, for making perpetual, subject to re-

demption and purchase, the several fums of money charged as a land-

tax, as relates to that part of Great Britain called Scotland; and

in another act, also passed in the thirty-ninth year of his said 39 Geo. 3.

Majesty's reign, intituled , An altfor enlarging the time limited by C. 43.

certain acts, paffedfor the redemption of the land-tax, for receiving

contracts, and making transfers offlock thereon, and for explaining

and amending the said acts; and in another act, also passed in the

thirty-ninth year of his said Majesty's reign, intituled, An act to 39 Geo.

amend and render effectual several acts for the redemption and pur- c. 108.

0003chafe

1

!

1

934 Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. C. 116. [1802.

39&40Geo.3.chase of the land -tax; and also in an act, passed in the thirty-

30.

ninth and fortieth years of his said Majesty's reign, intituled ,

An alt for extending, from the twenty- fifth day of March one thou-

fand eight hundred , until the swenty- fifth day of March one thousand

eight hundred and one, the period of preference granted and continuedby

several arts to bodies corporate and persons for the redemption of land-

tax, and for enlarging the powers contained in the saidalts; and also

41Geo. 3 .

c. 28. and

in an act, passed in the forty -first year of his present Majesty's

reign, intituled, An act to explain, amend, and render more effectual ,

thefeveral acts made in the thirty-eighth and thirty- ninthyears of the

reign of his present Majesty , and in the lastfession of parliament, for

the redemption and purchase of the land tax; and in another act,

41Geo . 3 .

alto passed in the forty -first year of his said Majesty's reign ,

( U.K.) C. 72. intituled, An alt for extending the period of preference granted and

continued by several acts to bodies corporate and persons for the re-

demption of the land-tax, and to amend an act of the thirty- eighth

year of the reign of bis present Majesty, for granting an aid to his

Majesty by a land tax; shall, from and after the twenty-fourth

toceasefrom day of June one thousand eight hundred and two, cease and

June24 , 1802, determine (save and except in the cafes herein-after mentioned ,

exceptin cer- and also save and except such parts of the said first-recited act as

taincafes.

continue for ever, subject to redemption and purchase, the

several and respective fums of money charged by virtue of an

act passed in the thirty-eighth year of his present Majesty's

reign, intituled, An actfor granting an aid to his Majesty by a

land -tax to be raised in Great Britain for thefervice of the year one

thousandfeven hundred and ninety-eight, in the respective counties ,

ridings, stewartries, cities, boroughs, cinque ports, towns, and

places in Great Britain, in respect of the manors, messuages,

lands, tenements, and hereditaments lying therein respectively,

and the powers, rules, directions, provisions, articles, clauses,

matters and things in the said last- mentioned act contained , for

putting the fame in execution ; save also and except as to the

commissions already granted by his Majesty, by his royal letters

patent under the great seal, or under the royal sign manual, to

the several persons therein respectively named, for the purpose

of executing the said acts according to the tenor thereof , and

also as to all appointments by virtue and under the authority of

the said acts, or any of them, of any officer or officers to act in

the execution thereof ) ; and every contract which shall be en-

tered into after the said twenty- fourth day of June one thousand

eight hundred and two, for the redemption or purchase of any

land-tax, thall be entered into and made according to the provisions and directions of this act .

Provisions of

II . Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all and

recited acts

relating to

every the provisions, powers, rules, directions, and clauses con

contracts,

tained in the said recited acts for the redemption of land-tax

sales, &c. on

relating and applicable to all contracts for the redemption of any

orprior to

land- tax, and to all sales, enfranchisements, and mortgages of

June 24, 1802, any manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments,

to be in force

unless varied and to all grants of any rent charges issuing thereout , and to

by this act. all

2

い

3

1802. ) Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 116. 935

all fines , penalties, or forfeitures, and to all other acts, proceedings, matters, and things, which shall at any time before or

on the said twenty-fourth day of June one thousand eight hundred and two, have been entered into, made , had, executed,

incurred, done, or performed by any bodies, politick or corporate , or companies, or other person or persons, by virtue of

the said recited acts, or any of them, shall , in so far as the

same respectively are not varied or otherwise provided for in and

by this act, continue and be in full force , and be duly observed,

practised, and put in execution , as fully and effectually as if this

act had not been passed; and all estates, rights, and interests,

privileges and advantages, powers and remedies whatever, given,

granted, conveyed, or acquired under and by virtue of the

powers and provisions of the said recited acts or any of them,

shall be , and the same are hereby fully and absolutely confirmed

and established .

III . Provided also , and be it further enacted, That all the Powers of

several powers, rules, directions, provisions, articles, clauses, 38 Geo. 3 .

c . 5. not

matters, and things, contained in the said act for granting an herebyvaried,

aid to his Majesty by a land-tax , as far as the same are not shall continue

varied or otherwise provided for in and by this act, shall con- in force in

tinue and be in full force, and be duly observed, practised, and relation to the

land-tax re-

put inexecution, inrelation to so much of the land- tax by the maining, from

said first- recited act made perpetual and redeemable as aforesaid, time totime,

as shall from time to time remain payable, for the benefit of his payable tohis

Majesty, his heirs and fuccessors, as fully and effectually as if Majesty.

the same powers, rules, directions, provisions, articles, clauses,

matters, and things were particularly repeated and re- enacted in

the body of this act, and expressly applied to the provisions

thereof , subject nevertheless to the rules, regulations, restrictions, and conditions of redemption and purchase of such land-

taxherein contained.

IV. And be it further enacted , That all such commissioners Commission-

and officers so already appointed as aforesaid by virtue of the ersand officers

already ap-

said recited acts, or any of them, shall and may act, in the exe- pointed may

cution of this act, in like manner as if they had been respec- execute this

tively appointed after the passing thereof: provided always, that act.

every person named a commissioner in any such commission as

aforesaid, who shall have taken the oath prescribed by the said

acts or any of them, shall and may act in the execution of this

act , without taking the oath herein-after directed to be taken

by persons who shall be respectively appointed to be commif-

fioners by virtue of this act. V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for his

His Majesty

may appoint

Majesty, his heirs and successors, from time to time, by warrant any commif-

under the royal sign manual, to nominate and appoint, in every fioners for

county , riding, shire, stewartry, city , borough, cinque port, executing

town, andplace in Great Britain, any person or persons who 38Geo. 3.C.5.

to

are or shall be named or appointed in or by any act or acts missioners for

1now in force, or hereafter to be passed, to carry into execution selling the

the said act of the thirty- eighth year of his present Majesty's land-tax un-

redeemed or

0004

reign, unfold.

936 Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. C. 116. [1802.

reign, for granting an aid to his Majesty by a land-tax, to be

commissioners for the purpose of felling the land- tax, from time

to time remaining unredeemed or unfold, in the several coun-

ties, ridings, Mires, stewartries, cities, boroughs, cinque ports,

towns, and places wherein they are or shall be respectively

specially nominated and appointed; and the said several persons so to be nominated or appointed by his Majesty, his

heirs or fuccessors, shall be commissioners for that purpose accordingly.

Such com-

VI. And be it further enacted, That every such commif-

mißioners

hereafter ap-

fioner so hereafter to be nominated and appointed, and also

pointed, and every commissioner of appeals, before he shall enter upon the

commissioners execution of his office, shall take an oath to the effect following;

of appeals, to ( that is to say ),

take the fol-

lowing oath.

، A. B. do That I will faithfully, impartially, and

Ihonestly , according to the best of myskilland judgement ,

execute the several powers and trusts reposed in me by an act of

the forty-second year of the reign of his majesty King George

the Third , intituled , An act (here insert the title of this act] accord-

ing to the tenor and purport of the said act.

' So help me GOD.'

which oath shall and may be administered by any one of the

persons already appointed or hereafter to be appointed a commissioner, to any other or others of them.

Commission- VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for

ers mayexa- the said commissioners for the time being, acting in the execu-

mine and

receive infor-

tion of this act by virtue of his Majesty's warrant under the

mation, on

royal sign manual, and they are hereby authorised and em-

oath, from persons de-

powered, to examine upon oath or affirmation ( which oath or

1

affirmation they or any one or more of them are and is hereby

krous of re-

authorised to administer) all persons who shall be desirous of re-

deeming or

purchasing deeming or purchasing any land-tax under this act , and all

anyland- tax,

and- tax, persons who shall be willing to be examined touching any

or relating to matters or things relating to the title of any person or persons,

persons en-

titled in re- in remainder, reversion, or expectancy to any estate, or having

mainder, &c. any mortgage, lien , or incumbrance upon anyeftate , the land-

with power to tax charged upon which is proposed to be redeemed or pur-

require in- chased under this act, or touching any matter or thing relating

spection of thereto, that such commissioners may think necessary for their

anydeeds re- information for

lating thereto, the execution of the powers vested in them ;

and to receive and also to require from any person or persons claiming any

affidavits benefit of preference under this act , the production upon oath

made in Great or affirmation of any deed, conveyance, or instrument , relating

Britain or

Ireland. ,

to such estate, and to receive any affidavit or deposition in

writing, upon oath or affirmation, which shall be made in any

part of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland , before

any mayor or magistrate of any city, town, or place, therein

having authority to administer an oath in any matter, civil or

criminal , in such city , town, or place, or before anyjustice of

the

1

1

18

L

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 116. 937

the peace for any county or district where the person making

such affidavit , deposition, or affirmation, shall happen to be, or

before any commissioners or persons who are or shall be authorised to take affidavits in causes depending in any of the courts

at Westminster, or to receive any affidavit or deposition in wri-

ting upon oath or affirmation, which shall be made in any parts

beyond the seas, before any magistrate of the country, territory,

or place, having competent power and authority to administer

an oath, and residing near the place where the person making

such oath or affirmation shall also reside, and be certified

and transmitted to the said commissioners under the hand

and seal of such magistrate : provided, that in every such affi- Affidavits to

davit, deposition, or affirmation, there shall be expressed the containcer-

addition of the party making the same, and the particular place lars. tainparticu-

of his or her abode, and the same shall be intituled, an affi-

davit, deposition, or affirmation, made in pursuance of this act ;

and in all cases where any affidavit or affidavits is or are by this Examination

act directed to be made and shewn to the said respective com- ofpersons

before the

missioners, the examination of the person or persons by whom commission-

any such affidavit or affidavits is or are directed to be made, by ers, upon

and before such commissioners, or any two of them, upon oath oath, thallbe

or affirmation to be administered in the manner herein- before valid.

directed , shall be as valid and effectual, for the purposes of this

act , as if the affidavit or affidavits hereby required had been

made and produced, and shewn to the said commissioners.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Two com-

the commissioners for the time being acting in the execution of missioners maycontract

this act as aforesaid, in any county , riding, stewartry, city, for the re-

borough, cinque port, town, or place , or any two or more ofdemption of

them, to contract and agree with all and every bodies politick the land-tax,

and corporate, and companies, whether corporate or not cor- according to

the afsessment

porate , and feoffees or trustees for charitable or other publick madein pur-

purposes, and other persons herein after described, for the re- fuance of

demption of the land- tax hereby, or by the said first recited 38Geo . 3.C.5 .

act, made redeemable, according to the assessment and rate for the year

the contract

made or to be made in pursuance of the said act of the thirty- shall be en-

eighth year of his present Majesty's reign, for granting an aid tered into.

to his Majesty by a land-tax for the year for which such contract shall be entered into, upon the terms and conditions, and

in the manner herein -after mentioned and prescribed.

IX. And be it further enacted, ' That it shall be lawful for Corporations,

all bodies politick and corporate, andcompanies, notwithstand- and trustees

for publick

ing any statutes of mortmain or other statutes or acts of parlia- purposes, may

ment to the contrary , and for all feoffees or trustees for chari- contract for

table or other publick purposes, having any estate or interest in the redemp-

any manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, tion of land-

whereon any land- tax shall be charged, to contract and agree

tax.

for the redemption of such land-tax , or any part thereof .

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall also be lawful All persons

for all other persons having any estate or interest in any manors, (except

tenants at

messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, whereon any rack rent or

land- ofcrown

L

938 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 116. [1802,

lands, &c .) land -tax shall be charged (except tenants at rack rent for any

maycontract term of years, or from year to year, or at will , and except

for redemp- tion of land-

tenants holding under the crown any lands or tenements within

tax.

the survey and receipt of the exchequer, or the duchy of Lancaster , or under the duke of Cornwall any lands or tenements

belonging to and parcel of the duchy of Cornwall , for any term

of years, or from year to year, or at will) to contract and agree

for the redemption of such land-tax, or any part thereof .

Anyone or XI. And be it further enacted , That where two or more

more coparce- persons shall be seised or entitled in undivided shares and pro-

contract for

ners, &c. may portions, either as coparceners, heirs portioners, tenants in

the redemp- common, or joint tenants, of or to any manors, messuages ,

tion of his or lands, tenements, or hereditaments, it shall be lawful for any

their propor- one or more of such persons to contract and agree for the re-

tion

of the

and demption of his, her, or their proportion of the land-tax charged

for the pro- portions of

thereon, in the same manner as if such proportion of land-tax

had been separately charged on such manors, messuages, lands,

any others thatmayre-

tenements, or hereditaments, and as if such person or persons

fuseto

was or were solely seised or entitled of or to the same; and if

redeem.

any one or more of such person or persons who shall be so seised

or entitled in undivided shares or proportions as aforesaid, shall

neglect or refuse to redeem his, her, or their proportion or pro-

portions of the land-tax charged on such manors , messuages,

lands, tenements, or hereditaments, then and in such case it

shall be lawful for any other or others of such persons (after

giving three calendar months' notice of his , her , or their inten-

tion, to the person or persons so neglecting or refusing as aforesaid) to contract and agree for the redemption of the proportion

orproportions of the person or persons so neglecting or refusing

toredeem, of and in such land-tax.

Navigation companies,

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for

any company or companies of proprietors of canals or other

&c . may contract for

navigations, or other works of publick utility , established or

theredemp- tion of their

sanctioned by the authority of parliament, to contract and agree

for the redemption of the land-tax charged , as well on the tolls

land -tax, or proprietors for theirpro-

and other profits arising from such canals or navigations, or

other such works of publick utility , as on any messuages, lands,

portions, or

tenements, or hereditaments belonging thereto ; or it shall be

the propor- tions ofothers

lawful for each and every of the respective proprietors, to contract and agree for the redemption of their respective shares or

thatmayre-

fuse to re-

proportions of such land-tax, and also for the shares or pro-

deem.

portions of other proprietors neglecting or refusing to redeem

their shares or proportions, in like manner as coparceners,

heirs portioners, tenants in common, and joint tenants, are

hereby authorised to redeem the land- tax charged on other here-

ditaments.

Sharers in

XIII. And be it further enacted, That notwithstanding any

water works, thing in the said recited act of the thirty-eighth year of his pre

insurance

offices, lights, sent Majesty's reign, for granting an aid to his Majesty by a

stock in

land - tax, contained to the contrary thereof , it shall be lawful

King'sprint for all persons having any shares or interests in the New River ,

ingoffice ,

of

+

1802. ] Annoregni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. C. 116. 939

or in the Thames water works, or in Mary-le- bone or Hampstead companies of

water works, or in any office or stock for insuring houses in case merchants in

London, and

offire, or in any lights, or in any stock or stocks for printing the Bank, may

of books in or belonging to the house commonly called The contract for

King'sPrinting House , and all companies of merchants in Lon- the redemp-

don , and the bank of England, and also the proprietors of the tion of the

land-tax on

respective water works within the town of Colchester in the the shares.

county of Essex, the city and county of Exeter , and the town of

Shrewsbury, to contract and agree for the redemption of the

tax charged or to be charged by way of land-tax upon such their

respective shares, interests, joint stock and stocks, and profits

aforesaid; or it shall be lawful for any individual proprietor

thereof , either jointly or severally, to contract and agree for the

redemption of so much and such part or parts of the said tax as

shall be equivalent to the share or shares of any individual pro-

prietor, or any number of proprietors, in such shares, interests ,

joint stock and stocks, and profits aforesaid , upon the same

terms and conditions, and in the same manner, as herein is

directed with respect to the land-tax charged upon any manors,

messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Committees ,

all committees and curators of lunaticks or of idiots, and for all trustees, &c.

tutors and guardians of infants, and for all persons having au- maycontract

for redemp-

thority to act for infants, married women, and other persons tion of the

incapable of acting for themselves, to contract and agree , on land-tax of

behalf of such lunaticks, idiots , infants, married women, and persons for

other persons incapable of acting for themselves, for the re - act.

whomthey

demption of any land- tax hereby or by the said first recited act ,

made redeemable, which such lunaticks, idiots, infants, married

women, or other persons incapable of acting for themselves,

could or might have redeemed by virtue of this act , if they respectively had not been under any incapacity; and it shall also

be lawful for all trustees to contract and agree in like manner on

behalf of the persons for whom they shall be trustees, for the

redemption of any land- tax hereby made redeemable, which

shall be charged on any manors, messuages, lands, tenements,

or hereditaments, or other property of which they shall be

trustees.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Governors of

the governors of the bounty of queen Anne for the augmenta- queenAnne's

tion of the maintenance of the poor clergy, to contract and bountymay

contract

agree for the redemption of the land -tax charged or hereafter to for redemp.

be charged upon the lands, tythes, or other profits arising from tion of the

any living or livings within the meaning of the charter granted land-tax on

in the reign of queen Anne, or any act or acts now in force livings not

contracted for

directing the application of such bounty, which shall not have by incum-

been contracted for by the incumbent or incumbents thereof . bents.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Trustees of

the trustees for the time being of any trust property heretofore property given

for the benefitgiven by any will , for the purpose of being laid out in the pur- of the poor

chase of lands or impropriate tythes for the benefit of the poor clergy , may

clergy contract for

940 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 116. [ 1802.

redemption of clergy in England , with such consent as is required by such will ,

theland- tax to contract and agree for the redemption of the land-tax charged

on livings,

or hereafter to be charged upon the lands, tythes, or other profits

arising from such living or livings belonging to the church of

England , as the trustees for the time being, with such consent

as aforesaid, shall think fit .

Patrons of

XVII. And be it further enacted, That where the land-tax

livings may contract for

charged upon the glebe lands, tythes, or other profits of any

the redemp- living or livings in the patronage of any college , cathedral

tion of the

church, hall, or house of learning in either of the universities

land- tax

of Oxford or Cambridge, or in the patronage of either of the

thereon , not colleges of Eton or Winchester, or of any trustee or trustees for

redeemedby incumbents. any such college, cathedral church , hall, or house of learning as

aforesaid, or in the patronage of any other bodies politick or

corporate, or companies, or feoffees or trustees for charitable

or other publick purposes, or other person or persons, shall not

thenhave been redeemed by the incumbent or incumbents of

such living or livings, it shall be lawful for the corporations of

such colleges, cathedral churches, halls, or houses of learning

respectively, or for such other bodies politick or corporate, or

companies , or other person or persons aforesaid , in whose

patronage any such living or livings shall be, to contract and

agree for the redemption of such land-tax, upon the fame terms

and with the same benefits and advantages as the incumbent or

incumbents of such living or livings could or might have contracted, to redeem the fame.

Corporations, XVIII. And be it further enacted, That all such bodies

andpersons politick and corporate and companies, and feoffees or trustees

herein-before for charitable or other publick purposes, and other persons

empowered to

contract for herein-before described and empowered to contract for the re-

the redemp- demption of any land- tax, (whether in respect of any such

tion of any estate , right, or interest, or otherwise as aforesaid ,) shall be en-

land-tax , shall titled so to contract for such land-tax in preference to all other

have thepre-

ference till bodies politick and corporate, and persons whatever , not having

June24 , 1803. anyestate or interest therein , provided they shall contract onor

before the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand eight hundred

and three.

Corporations, XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all

trustees, and such bodies politick and corporate, and companies, and feoffees

persons in possession, ex-

or trustees for charitable or other publick purposes, and other

cepttenants persons so empowered to contract for the redemption of land-

for years tax, who shall be in the actual possession of or immediately en-

absolute , &c. titled to the rents and profits of any manors, messuages, lands,

thall bepre-

ferredtothose tenements, or hereditaments, whereon any land -tax shall be

inreversion, charged (other than and except tenants for years absolute, or for

till Dec : 25,

years determinable on lives, on any demise for which a fine or

1802, and

those in re-

premium was or shall be paid, and tenants for lives on any

version, toall

demise where a rent was or shall be reserved, or a fine or pre-

having no

mium paid) and the committees, curators, tutors, guardians, or

interest in the

land ,till

trustees of any such person or persons as aforesaid, shall be pre-

June24, 1803. ferred in the redemption of such land-tax,

or any part thereof ,

to

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimosecundoGEORGII III. C. 116. 941

1 to any bodies politic or corporate, or companies, or persons

having any estate or interest in remainder, reversion, or expec-

tancy , or being substitute heirs of entail in the same manors,

messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments; provided such

bodies politick or corporate, or companies, or persons so to be

preferred, shall contract for the redemption of such land- tax

before or on the twenty-fifth day of December one thousand

eight hundred and two ; and in case no contract shall be entered

into by or on the behalf of the bodies politick or corporate , or

companies, or other person or persons so to be preferred as aforesaid, for the redemption of such land-tax, before or on the said

twenty-fifth day of December one thousand eight hundred and

two, then the bodies politick or corporate, or companies, or

person or persons having such estates and interests in remainder,

reversion, or expectancy, or being substitute heirs of entail as

aforesaid, or their respective committees, curators, tutors, guar-

-dians, or trustees on their behalf , shall be entitled to redeem

such land-tax or any part thereof , in preference to any other

: bodies politick or corporate, or companies, or other person or

persons having no estate or interest therein, and not being called

to succeed therein as substitute heirs of entail, until and on the

said twenty-fourth day of June one thousand eight hundred and

three , according to the priority of such respective estates or in-

terests; such priority to be settled by the said commissioners in

cafe the parties shall differ about the fame.

XX. Provided also , and be it further enacted, That all bodies Corporations ,

politick and corporate, and companies, and feoffees or trustees trustees, and

for charitable or other publick purposes, and other persons to Pitled

persons en-

titledtopre-

whom such benefit of preference is given until the twenty-fourth ference till

day of June one thousand eight hundred and three as aforesaid , June24, 1803.

may at any time thereafter contract and agree for the redemp- maythere-

tion of the land - tax charged on their respective manors, mef after contract

for the re-

suages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, wherein they shall demption of

have anyestate or interest as aforesaid , in the same manner, and suchland- tax

under the fame terms and conditions (except as to the period unfold, and ,

allowed for the transfer or payment of the consideration) as upon giving

notice of such

such bodies politick or corporate, or companies, or feoffees or intention, it

trustees for charitable or other publick purposes, or other per- shall not be

fons, may do prior to the said twenty-fourth day of June one fold toany

thousand eight hundred and three, provided no offer shall have other persons

till after three

been made for the purchase of such land-tax, in pursuance of months, ex-

1

the provisions herein-after contained : provided also, that when cept in certain

any bodies politick or corporate, or companies, or other per- cafes.

fons having any such estate or interest as aforesaid, shall at any

time after the said twenty-fourth day of June one thousand

eight hundred and three, give notice in writing to the respec-

tive commissioners acting in the execution of this act as aforesaid , of their intention to redeem their land-tax, such land- tax

shall not be fold to any other bodies politick or corporate, or

companies or persons, not having any estate or interest therein,

until after the expiration of three calendar months from the date

of

942 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III . c. 116. [1802.

of such notice as aforesaid: provided also, that where any bodies

politick or corporate, or companies or other persons being in

the actual possession or immediately entitled to the rents and

profits of anymanors, messuages, lands, tenements, or heredi-

taments, shall at any time after the said twenty -fourth day of

:June one thousand eight hundred and three, give notice in

writing to such respective commissioners of their intention to

redeem the land-tax charged thereon , such land-tax shall not be

redeemed by any bodies politick or corporate, or companies or

other persons having any estate, in remainder, reversion, or ex-

pectancy in, or being substitute heirs of entail called to succeed

tosuch manors, messuages , lands, tenements, or hereditaments,

until the expiration of three calendar months from the date of

such notice (fave where such estate shall be expectant on the

determination of any grant or demise for years absolute, or for

years determinable on lives, for which a fine or premium hath

been or shall be paid, or for lives where a rent hath been or shall

be reserved, or a fine or premium paid ; in which case such notice

shall not entitle any such bodies politick or corporate, or companies, or other persons , being in the actual possession or en-

titled as aforesaid , to any benefit of priority or preference in

the redemption of such land-tax) ; and where any such manors,

messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments as aforesaid, shall

be leased or demised at a rack rent, for any term or number of

years, or at will, the bodies politick or corporate, or compa-

nies, or other person or persons beneficially entitled to the rent

reserved or made payable on any such lease or demise , shall

( notwithstanding any covenant or agreement for the payment of

the land-tax charged on such manors, messuages, lands, tene-

ments, or hereditaments, by the tenant or lessee thereof) be

considered as being in the actual possession of such manors,

messuages , lands, tenements, or hereditaments, for the purpose of claiming and being entitled to such benefit ofpreference

as aforesaid.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That where any bodies

Wherecor-

politick or corporate, or companies, or any feoffees or trustees

porationsor

trustees for

for charitable or other publick purposes as aforesaid, shall in

publickpur .

pursuance of the powers of the said recited acts or any of them,

posesshall

have entered, or shall hereafter enter into any treaty for the

freat for sale

sale of any of their manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or

oflands, held

under demise

hereditaments, holden under any demise made by them, by

from them,

copy of court roll or otherwise for lives or for any term or terms

and obtain a

of years determinable on lives or for years absolute , or shall

certificate

have made, or shall hereafter make any application to the com-

from two

commission-

missioners acting in the execution of this act by virtue of his

druri they may

Majesty's letters-patent under the great seal, for their sanction

during the

and approbation of any such sale as aforesaid, and shall obtain a

period speci-

fied therein

certificate under the hands of any two of the same commif-

contract for

fioners, that in their opinion such bodies politick or corporate ,

theredemp.

tion of the

or companies, or feoffees or trustees for charitable or other publick

1802.] Annoregniquadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 116. 943

publick purposes, are proceeding or intend to proceed bondfide , land- tax on

and with reasonable diligence, to carry such sale into execution such lands, in

( which certificate shall specify for what period of time the fame preference to

persons

shall run and operate ) it shall be lawful for such bodies politick holding them

and corporate, or companies, and feoffees or trustees for chari- under such

tableor other publick purposes, during the continuance of such demise.

period (notwithstanding any thing in this act contained to the

contrary ) to contract and agree for the redemption of the land-

tax charged on their manors, messuages, lands, tenements , or

hereditaments, in preference to any person or persons, bodies

politick or corporate, or companies, having or holding such

manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, under

any such demise as aforesaid : provided always, that such bodies

politick and corporate, or companies, or feoffees or trustees for

charitable or other publick purposes, hereby enabled to contract

with such preference as aforesaid, shall produce such certificate as

aforesaid to the commissioners acting in the execution of this act,

by virtue of his Majesty's warrant under the royal sign manual,

for the county, riding, or place where the manors, messuages,

lands, tenements, or hereditaments, the land-tax whereof shall

be proposed to be redeemed, shall be situate.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the consideration to Theconfi.

be given for the redemption of any such land-tax as aforesaid, deration for

shall be so much capital stock of publick annuities transferable the redemp-

tion shall be

at the bank of England , bearing interest after the rate of three so much in

pounds per centum per annum, commonly called the Three- the 3 per

pounds- per-centum consolidated annuities, and theThree-pounds - cents. as will

per-centum reduced annuities, or one of them, as willyieldproduce a

ex-

an annuity or dividend exceeding the amount of the land- tax ceeding the

so to be redeemed as aforesaid by one-tenth part thereof; such amount of the

capital stock to be transferred to the commissioners appointed by land-tax

an act of the twenty- sixth year of the reign of his present roth

redeemedby

Majesty, for the reduction of the national debt, in trust for the

purposes of this act.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That Where the

where the land-tax so be redeemed in any county, riding, divi- land - tax to be

redeemed in

sion, shire, stewartry, or place , for which separate commif- anyplace, for

sioners under the royal sign manual are or shall be appointed to which sepa-

act, shall not exceed the fum of twenty- five poundsper annum, rate commif-

it shall be lawful to pay the consideration for the fame in lawful fioners are appointed by

money of Great Britain, in lieu of transferring stock in the the King ,

three-pounds-per- centum bank annuities ; and such confide- shall notex-

ration shall be paid into the hands of the receiver-general of the ceed a5l. per

land - tax for the county, riding, or place in England , or his ann, the consideration

deputy, or to the collector for the shire, stewartry, or place in maybepaid

Scotland , where the manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or in money to

hereditaments, of which the land- tax shall be so redeemed, shall the receiver-

be situate; and the amount of the money to be paid as the con- general of the

land-tax of

sideration for the redemption of any such land - tax shall be cal- the place in

culated , fettled , and ascertained according to the price of stock England, or

to be from time to time transmitted to such receiver-general, collector in

or Scotland , and calculated

944Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 116. [ 1802.

according to or his deputy in England , or collector in Scotland , in the man-

schedule L. ner herein- after directed and according to the table in the schedule to this act annexed , marked (L), and the rules and directions

therein contained.

XXIV. And, to the end that such receivers-general , or their depu-

ties andfuch collectors , may be enabled to fettle and adjust thefums

which ought infuch cases to be paid as the consideration for the re-

Bank totrans

demption of any land -tax , be it further enacted, That from the

mit weekly accounts of

time when the books of the governor and company of the bank

the average priceof the

of England shall be opened for the transfer of three-pounds-per-

centum consolidated bank annuities, after the fifth day of

3per cent.

consols, or

January in every year, and until the books shall be opened for

3 per cent.

the transfer of three-pounds-per -centum reduced bank annui-

reduced an-

ties after the fifth day of April in such year, and so from time to

nuities, to the time when the said books shall be opened for the transfer of

commissioners three-pounds-per-centum consolidated annuities, after the fifth

for taxes, who

thall publish in day of July in every year , until the books shall be opened for

the Gazette , the tranfer of three-pounds- per-centum reducedbank annuities

and transmit after the tenth day of October in such year, the cashier or cashiers

to the recei- of the said governor and company of the bank of England shall

vers- general, and they are hereby required, on Tuesday in every week, the

an account of

theprice , same not being a holiday, or being a holiday then on the day

which ought preceding not being a holiday, to cause an account to be made

tobe the con- out of the average price at which the three-pounds-per- centum

sideration for consolidated annuities shall have been bought on such day ( or

tion land-

the redemp otherwise on the following open day on which such stock shall

tax .

be bought, in case any stock shall have been bought at the

bank of England on such day), and shall cause the same to be

transmitted to the commissioners for the affairs of taxes, and fo

from time to time when the books shall be opened at the bank

of England for the transfer of three - pounds- per-centum reduced

annuities, after the fifth day of April in every year, until the

books shall be opened at the bank of England for the transfer of

three-pounds-per-centum consolidated annuities, after the fifth

day of July in such year , and so from time to time when the

said books shall be opened at the said bank of England for the

transfer of three-pounds-per-centum reduced annuities, after

the tenth day of October in every year, and until the books shall

be opened for the transfer of three-pounds- per- centum conso-

lidated annuities, after the fifth day of January then next en-

suing , the said cashier or cashiers shall and they are hereby

required to transmit to the commissioners for the affairs of taxes,

such and the like account of the average price of three -pounds-

per-centum reduced annuities as is herein-before directed to be

transmitted of the average price of three- pounds -per-centum

consolidated annuities ; and the commissioners for the affairs of

taxes shall thereupon cause to be published in the London Gazette,

and also transmitted to the respective receivers-general in the

several counties, ridings, divisions, or places in England , or to

their respective deputies, and to the receiver- general in Scotland

to be by him transmitted to the respective collectors in the seve- ral

11

14

5

2

ン

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 116. 945

ral shires , stewartries, and places in Scotland , an account of the

price, which, according to the heads of the respective columns

in the said schedule contained, ought to be the consideration for

the redemption of such land-tax ; which account, so published

and transmitted, shall be sufficient authority to such receivers.

general or their deputies, and to such collectors respectively, to

fettle and adjust the sums which, according to the tables, rules ,

and directions in the said schedule contained , ought to be paid

as the consideration for the redemption of such land-tax, on all

payments to be made pursuant to the said account.1

XXV. And be it further enacted, That where the confi- The confi-

deration for the redemption of any land- tax shall be in fłock, deration for

and such land-tax shall be contracted for by any bodies politick land-tax

redemption of

or corporate, or companies, or other person or persons entitled before or on

to such benefit of preference as aforesaid, before or on the said June24, 1803,

twenty-fourth day of June one thousand eight hundred and thall be transferred within

three, the whole amount of the consideration shall be transferred five years from

within the period of five years from the twenty-fourth day of June 24, 1802,

June one thousand eight hundred and two; and where any such and after

land - tax shall be contracted for by any such bodies politick or within two

corporate , or companies, or other person or persons aforesaid, years, commissioners

to the

after the said twenty- fourth day of June one thousand eight for reducing

hundred and three, the whole amount of such consideration the national

shall be transferred within the period of two years from the date debt, by four

instalments

of such contract, and the consideration inevery such case thall yearly , orthe

be transferred to the commissioners for the reduction of the whole maybe

national debt by four instalments in every year ; (videlicet) either transferred at

on or before the first day of May, the first day of August, the once, orby

first day of November , and the first day of February in each year , ments.

shorter instal-

the first instalment to be made on or before such of the said days

as shall next ensue the entering into the contract: provided

always, that it shall be lawful for any bodies politick or corpo-

rate , or companies, or other persons before described, to stipu-

late with the said commissioners with whom the contract shall

be made, for the transfer of the whole of the said capital stock

at one time, or that the same shall be transferred by instalments

within any shorter period or periods than the periods herein-

before prescribed , so that the fame be by even instalments at

equal intervals within the period stipulated, and on or before

the respective days before mentioned in each year, or on such of

the said days as shall fall within the period stipulated , for such

transfer: provided also, that it shall be lawful to transfer the

whole stock so agreed to be transferred as the consideration for

the redemption of any land -tax, or any part thereof , inadvance

to the commissioners for the reduction of the national debt ,

notwithstanding any stipulations in the contract to the contrary:

provided also, that if the whole of the stock so agreed to beFractions less

transferred, shall not be transferred at one time ,butbyinftal- than id . to be

ments, and if a division of the entire quantity of stock into avoided.

equal sums, to be paid by such instalments, would occasion , a

fraction less than the fraction of one penny , the fractional part

VOL. XLIII. PPP or

946Anno regniquadragesimo secundo GEORGII III . c. 116. [1802.

or parts less than one penny necessary to such equal division,

shall be taken from every prior instalment , and added to the last

instalment, so as to avoid any fraction less thana penny.

Where the

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That

first instalment where the first instalment of stock, agreed to be transferred as

shallnothave the consideration upon any contract already entered into for the

been transfer-

able till after redemption of land-tax, shall not have been transferable till after

Feb. 1, 1801, the first day of February one thousand eight hundred and one ,

application and the bodies politick or corporate, or companies or other per-

may be made fon or persons who shall have entered into such contract, or who

to the com-

miflioners for for the time being shall be liable to make good and complete

executing this the remaining instalments thereon , shall be desirous that the

actwithin

period for completing the fame may be extended , it shall be

threemonths, lawful for them, him, or her, notwithstanding any thing in the

from June 24 , said recited acts to the contrary, to make application for that

1802, who

mayalter the purpose to the commissioners acting in the execution of his act,

contract, and by virtue of his Majesty's warrant under the royal sign manual,

agree , that for the county, riding, shire, stewartry, city, town, or place

theremaining where the manors, messuages, lands, tenements , or heredita-

instalments

maybe trans- ments, the land-tax whereof shall have been so redeemed , shall

ferredwithin be situate, at any time within the space ofthree calendar months

anyperiodnot from the said twenty - fourth day of June one thousand eight

exceeding five hundred and two ; and upon every such application , and on the

years.

production of the contract for redemption of such land-tax , it

shall be lawful for any two or more of such commissioners to

alter the contract, or cause the same to be altered, by striking out

all such parts thereof as relate to the transfer of the instalments

ofstock remaining due thereon, and thereupon to contract and

agree that the amount of the remaining instalments may be

transferred within any period not exceeding five years from the

dateoffuch contract, so as that the same be transferred by even

instalments at equal intervals within the period agreed upon ;

and the said commissioners shall certify their having so doneby

indorsement under their hands and seals on such contract , fpe-

cifying the days and times whereon the amount of the remaining

instalments have been agreed to be transferred ; and the go.

vernor and company of the bank of England are hereby authorised and required to permit the same to be transferred to the

commissioners for the reduction of the nationaldebt, onor before

such days and times accordingly: provided always, that any

bodies politick or corporate , or companies, or other person or

persons, may, notwithstanding any such contract or agreement as

aforesaid , transfer the whole amount of such remaining instal-

ments, or any part thereof , in advance.

Where the

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That where the confi-

consideration deration for the redemption of any land -tax shall be in lawful

shall be in

money, it may money of Great Britain , the same shall be paid either by one

bepaidat

payment or byequal instalments, as the party shall choose , and

once ,orby instalments,

shall cause to be stipulated in the contract, so as that such instal-

ment thall not exceed eight in number, and that the whole

consideration be paid within the period of two years from the

not exceeding eight , payable date

1 : 1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 116. 947

date of the contract, according to the price of stock to be trans- in two years,

mitted as herein-before is directed , to the respective receivers- according to

thepriceof

general in England , and collectors in Scotland , in the second week stock.

subsequent to the day of entering into the contract, but in cases

where the whole consideration thall not be paid at one time, but

shall be by instalments, then for every second and subsequent

instalment , according to the price of stock transmitted in the

1

week preceding the day or days stipulated, and conformably to

the table, rules, anddirections contained in the schedule marked

(L) ; and inevery such case the sum stipulated to be paid shall

1 F

1

be duly paid to the respective receivers or their deputies in

England , or the respective collectors in Scotland , on the day or

days stipulated for the payment thereof : provided always, that if

the consideration shall be to be paid by instalments, and if a

division of the entire amount of land- tax into equal instalments

would occasion a fraction less than the fraction of one farthing,

the fractional part or parts less than one farthing, necessary to Fractions less

such equal division, thallbe taken from every prior instalment of than one far-

thing to be

land-tax, and be added to the last instalment , so as to avoid any avoided .

fraction less than one farthing.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted , That Thewhole

consideration

it shall be lawful to pay to the receivers-general in England , or maybe paid,

3

collectors in Scotland respectively , the whole of such consideration, or part, inad-

or any part thereof , in advance, notwithstanding any stipulation vance, on 21

in the said contract to the contrary ; provided the bodies politick days days previous

t

notice to the

orcorporate, or companies, or persons desirous of making any receiver- gene-

such payments in advance, shall give twenty-one days previous ral, or collec-

notice inwriting at the least to every such receiver-general or tor, who shall

transmit to the

collector ,of such their intention; and every such receiver-general commissioners

or his deputy in England, or collector in Scotland , shall , imme- for taxes, for

diately upon the receipt of such notice , transmit to the commif- the informa-

fioners for the affairs of taxes, for the information of the com. tion of the treasury , an

missioners of his Majesty's treasury, an account of the payments account of

fo intended to be made in advance, and of the day or days on such intended

which the same are intended to be made; and all such payments payments,

in advance shall be made according to the price of stock to be which shall be

made accord-

transmitted to such receiver-general or hisdeputy , orcollector, ingto theprice

in the week preceding the day or days of such payments, and the of stock tranf-

table , rules, and directions in the said schedule marked ( L) mitted in the

weekpre-

contained.

5

XXIX . And be it further enacted , That upon every such ceding the

payment and

contract upon which the transfer of stock or payment of money the tables in

shall be made by instalments, there shall be paid, at the time of schedule ( L).

making the second, andfo of every subsequent instalment upon On making

such contract, into the hands of the cashier or cashiers of the the second

- governor and company of the bank of England (in cafes where and every

subsequent in-the consideration shall be in stock ), and into the hands of the re- ftalment ,inte-

ceivers-general in England, or collectors in Scotland (in cafes rest shall be

where the consideration shall be in money) to the use of his paid, to be

Majesty , his heirs or fuccessors, a sum of money, by way of in- calculated as

terest, equal to the amount of the land- tax redeemed, deducting hereby di-

PPP2 therefrom

948 Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. c. 116. [1802.

therefrom a sum, bearing the same proportion to such land- tax

as the amount of the stock then before transferred bears to the

whole amount of the stock agreed to be transferred , or (in cases

ofconsiderationin money) the number of instalments thenbefore

paid, bears to the number of instalments agreed to be paid as the

consideration for such contract, having regard, in cases ofconfi-

derations in stock, to the time when the first dividend after the

Aseparate ac- transfer of such stock will become payable; of which sums so to

count of inte- be paid by way of interest, a separate account shall be kept at the

rest shall be bank of England , and by such respective receivers and collectors,

kept ,andpaid separatelyinto and the same shall from time to time be paid separately into the

the exche.

receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, and shall be applicable to

quer .

such uses and purposes as shall have been or shall bevotedby the

commons in parliament; and the receipt of the cashier of the

bank of England , and of such receiver-general or collector, as the

case may be, shall be a sufficient discharge to the party paying

such sum by way of interest as aforesaid: provided always, that

from and after the transfer of any stock, or the payment of any

money in advance, all interest on account of such stock so transferred, or of such money so paid in advance , shall cease and be

no longer payable.

Corporations andpersons claiming be-

XXX. And be it further enacted, That all and every bodies

politick and corporate, or companies, or other persons claiming

on their own behalf , or on the behalf of others, the benefit of

nefit ofpre- ference

preference hereby given, shall produce to any two commissioners

produce ade-

of land-tax acting in and for the hundred, ward, lathe, wapen-

scription of

take, rape, or other division of the county, riding, city , borough,

the property

cinque port, town, or place in England , or if in Scotland to any

to two com-

two commissioners of supply of the county or stewartry, or chief

missioners of

the land-tax

magistrate of the city or borough, within which any manors,

orfupply, who messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or other property,

shall fettle and the land-tax whereof shall be proposed to be redeemed by virtue

certify the of his act, thall be situate, a schedule or description in writing of

amount of the

land- taxthere- such manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or

on, according other property ; which schedule shall contain the respective

to schedule

natures of the premises, and the name or names of the respective

( A) .

occupiers thereof , and the parish or place where the same shall

be situate ; and the said commissioners of land-tax or supply, or

chief magistrate respectively , shall ascertain, settle , and adjust the

1

amount of the land-tax charged upon the respective manors,

messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or other property

containedinfuch schedule, distinguishing, according to the form

and method in the schedule to this act annexed, marked (A), the

district or division, and also the parish or place , parishes orplaces,

within which, and the manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or

hereditaments, or other property, upon which each separate

Certificates to afsessinent of land-tax shall be charged, and shall grant a certi-

be produced ficate thereof to the bodies politick or corporate, or companies,

to

missioners for or other person or persons applying for the same , who shall

the redemp- thereupon produce such certificate to the respective commissioners

tion to be exa- acting in the execution of this act , for the same place, by virtue

mined, who of

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 116. 949

of his Majesty's warrant under the royal sign manual, or tranf - may agree

i

1

1

mit the same to their clerk ; and if the land- tax proposed to bewith the

parties for the

redeemed shall not exceed the sum of twenty-five pounds, and redemption of

the consideration for the redemption thereof is to be in money, the land- tax.

shall specifythe fame in writing, and whether the same is proposed

tobe paid in one fum or by instalments, and also the day or days

1

1

on which the same is proposed to be paid ; and the said last-

mentioned commissioners are hereby authorised and required to

examine such certificate, and amend the same if necessary, and

C

thereupon to contract and agree with the bodies politick or

corporate, or companies, or other persons applying for the

redemption of such land- tax, according to the directions of this

act; and the said last-mentioned commissioners shall cause the

description of the manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or Where the

hereditaments, or other property comprized in the certificate ofconsideration

land-tax, to be inserted in the certificate of the contract. shall be in

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That where the confi-stock , the cer

tificate of the

deration for the redemption of any land-tax shall be in stock, the contract shall

certificate of the contract shall be in the form mentioned in the be according

schedule to this act annexed marked (B), and where the confi- to schedule

deration for such redemption shall be in lawful money of Great ( B), and

where in

Britain, such certificate shall be in the form mentioned in the money, ac-

: schedule to this act annexed marked ( C) .

cordingto

XXXII. And be it further enacted , That where the said schedule (C) .

commissioners acting in the execution of this act as aforesaid, Where the

1

shall have in their possession copies of the respective assessments of commissioners for redemp-

land-tax, charged upon the respective parishes or places in theirtion shall have

respective counties, ridings, divisions, stewartries, or places, copies of af-

which shall have been transmitted to them as true copies, by the sessments of

land- tax

clerks to the commissioners of land - tax , acting in and for any transmitted to

hundred, ward, lathe, wapentake, or other division in England, them accord-

or by the clerks to the commissioners of supply in Scotland , of the ing to 39Geo.

- county, stewartry, city, or burgh wherein such parishes or places 3. c . 6. they

shall be situate, according to the directions of the said secondly may contract

with the

recited act of the thirty-ninth year of his present Majesty's reign, parties for the

it shall be lawful for the said commissioners acting in the execu- redemption of

tion of this act as aforesaid, to contract and agree with any their land- tax,

bodies politick or corporate, or companies, or other person or although they

donot pro-

persons, for the redemption of the land-tax , charged upon theirduce certifi-

respective manors , messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, cates of the

although no certificate of the amount of such land-tax shall be amount ; but

produced and shewn to them by the bodies politick such persons

orcorporate, thalltendto

or companies, or other person or persons applying to redeem the the clerk of

same: provided always, that such bodies politick or corporate, or the commif .

companies, or other person or persons, shall transmit to the clerk sioners a like

of the said commissioners acting in the execution of this act as particular as

aforesaid, such or the like schedule or description in writing, ofis required to

be produced

all and every the said manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or to the com.

hereditaments, charged with such land-tax, as is hereby required missioners of

to be produced to the said commissioners of land-tax or supply;

land-tax or

and the said commissioners acting in the execution of this act supply, which,

with a copyPPP3 shall

1

950 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 116. [1802 .

of theaffeff- shall cause to be inserted in every certificate of such contract, the

ment , shall be description of the manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or here-

inserted in the

Certificate of ditaments, or other property, contained in such schedule , and

contract .

also a true copy of the assessment, so far as relates to such

manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or other

property, together with the amount of the land-tax charged

thereon, according to such copy of the assessment as shall be in

their possession as aforesaid.

Clerkstoland. XXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted , That

tax commif . where the said commissioners acting in the execution of this act

fioners, when as aforesaid, shall not have in their possession any such copies of

required by

the commissi, the respective assessments of land-tax charged upon any parishes

oners for re- orplaces , and shall have demanded or caused to be demanded the

demption , or same from the clerks to the commissioners of land- tax or supply

whenever any acting in their respective divisions as aforesaid (which they are

alteration

bemadeinthehereby authorised and required to do), and also in every cafe

affefsment ,

where any alteration shall be made in the assessiments of land-tax

shall , within

by or under the authority of such commissioners of land-tax or

fixdays , transmit to

supply , the clerk to the said commissioners for the time being ,

themcopies having such assessments in his custody , shall and he is hereby

of suchaffeff . required, within six days after any such demand made, or after

mentor alte- any such alteration as aforesaid, to make out a true copy , fairly

ration, or per- written of such assessments, or of so much thereofas thall be fo

mitcopiesto

be taken by altered, which shall be subscribed by any two or more of the said

theirclerk, on commissioners of land- tax or supply ; and such clerk shall deliver

penaltyof

sol .

such copies so subscribed, or cause the same to be so delivered, to

the said commissioners acting in the execution of this act as

aforesaid, or their clerk, within the time before limited, orpermit

him to take copies of such assessments, or of such parts thereof as

shall be altered as aforesaid; and in case the said clerk to the

commissioners of land-tax or supply shall refuse or neglect to

make out and deliver such copies, or shall not permit the fame

tobe taken as aforesaid, within six days after any such demand,

orany such alteration in the assessments shall be made as aforesaid, he shall for every such refusal or neglect forfeit the sum of

fifty pounds, to be recovered in such manner as any penalty

may by this act be recovered.

XXXIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That |

4d. per chan-

cery sheet to

bepaidfor

copies.

every clerk to the commissioners of land-tax or supply shall, for

every such copy so made out by him as aforesaid, be entitled to

have and receive, for his trouble in making out the same, upon

application to the receiver-general in England and collector in

Scotland , of the county, riding , division, stewartry, or place, or

his deputy, and on production ofa certificate oftwo or more of

the commissioners acting in the execution of this act as aforesaid, that such copy hath been duly delivered pursuant to the

directions of this act, after the rate of four-pence for every

chancery sheet contained in such copy, reckoning every separate

amount of land-tax set down in figures or numbers in in such copy ,

as three words.

XXXV. And

F 1802.

] Anno

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That in cafe any difficulty Where tythes,

regni quadragesimo

secundo GEORGII

III

. C. 116.

951

shall arise in the redemption of land-tax , which ought to be fee-farmrents,

&c. have not

charged on any tythes, or any fee-farm rents, feu duties or other been or not

rents, or any lands, tenements, or hereditaments, because such distinctly af-

tythes, rents, feu duties, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, sessed to the

shall not have been assessed , or not distinctly assessed theland -land - tax ,

to

the commissioners

tax, or because the land- tax has been deducted out of any such of land- tax or

rents by the owners or occupiers of the lands charged with such supply may

rents , it shall be lawful for the bodies politick or corporate, or adjust thepro-

companies, or other person or persons entitled to such tythes , portions, and,

on cer-

rents, feu duties, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, to apply to tificate being

the commissioners of land-tax or supply, to fettle and adjust the produced, the

proportion of land-tax which ought to be borne and paid byfuch commissioners

for redemp-

bodies politick or corporate , or companies , or other person or tion maycon

persons on account of such tythes , rents, feu duties , lands, tene- tract with the

ments, or hereditaments, which shall not have been assessed, or parties ac-

not distinctly assessed to the land -tax; and such commissioners of cordingly ;

land- tax or supply, or any two of them, shall thereupon ascertain ,

settle, and adjust the same , and grant a certificate thereof; and

upon the production of such certificate it shall be lawful for the

commissioners acting in the execution of this act as aforesaid, to

contract and agree with such bodies politick or corporate, or

companies, or other person or persons respectively, for the

redemption of such land-tax ; and it shall be lawful for all such

bodies politick or corporate, or companies, or other person or

persons , to do all acts necessary for the purpose of carrying such

contract into execution , in the same manner as if such tythes,

rents, feu duties, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, had been

distinctly assessed to the land- tax,

XXXVI. Provided always , and be it further enacted, That as mayalso

the commif-

where any such rents, or feu duties as aforesaid, and the manors, fioners for

messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, out of which executing

the fame may issue , shall not be distinctly assessed to the land- this act , on

!

1

!

tax as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the commissioners for the application

time being acting in the execution of this act as aforesaid, upon

to them.

the application of the bodies politick or corporate, or companies, or other person or persons, entitled to such rents, or feu

duties, or to such manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or

hereditaments, respectively, and who shall be desirous of re-

deeming their respective proportions of such land-tax , to fettle

1

1

and adjust the proportions of such land-tax, which ought to

be borne in respect of such rents or feu duties, and in respect

of such manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments,

respectively, in like manner as such commissioners of land- tax

1

or supply as aforesaid are empowered to settle and adjust the

fame, and thereupon to contract and agree with the bodies

politick or corporate, or companies, or other person or persons

making such application as aforesaid, for the redemption of

their respective proportions of such land- tax.

Whencerti-

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That whenever anyficate hall

such certificate or schedule as aforesaid shall be produced or be produced

PPP4transmitted for entering

952 Annoregni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. C. 116. [1802.

into contract transmitted by any bodies politick or corporate, or companies

for the re-

or other person or persons, in pursuance of this act, for the

demption of

land -taxby

purpose of entering into any contract for the redemption of

payment of

land-tax, by payment of the consideration in money, the clerk

the confide- ration in

to the commissioners acting in the execution of this act as

aforesaid shall forthwith cause an account to be transmitted to

money, the

clerk to the

the commissioners for the affairs of taxes, for the information

commissioners of the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, and also to the

for redemp- receiver-general of the county, riding, or place, if in England ,

•tion shall

transmit an

or to the receiver- general if in Scotland , which shall specify the

account to

amount of the land- tax proposed to be redeemed, and the day

the commif-

or days of payment on which the whole consideration, or the

• fioners for

different instalments thereof (as the cafe may be) shall be

taxes, and

proposed to be paid; and the said commissioners of the treasury ,

to the receiv-

er - general,

or any three or more of them for the time being, are hereby

of the land-

empowered to direct from time to time, as there shall be oc-

tax proposed

casion, sufficient money to be advanced to the commissioners

tobe re-

for the reduction of the national debt, for the purchase of fo

deemed, and

thetreasury

much capital stock as shall be necessary for the completion of

maydirect such contracts , or any instalment thereof , as well before or on

money to be the respective days appointed for the payment of the fums to

advanced to be payable on such contract, as before or on the respective days

the commif- whereon any payments in advance shall be made as herein-

fioners , for

reducing the before is provided, or as soon after as the fame can conveniently

nationaldebt, be done, out of any monies in the hands of such receivers-

forpurchasing general respectively , or out of any publick monies in the receipt

stock to com- of the exchequer, applicable to the supplies and services of the

$

pletecon- tracts, &c.

year , as to the said commissioners of the treasury shall seem

expedient, which sums so advanced shall be from time to time

replaced by and out of the monies to be paidupon such contract

to such receivers-general ; and the stock so purchased shall be

placed in the names of the commissioners for the reduction of

the national debt, for the uses and purposes of this act, in like

manner as if the same had been purchased by and with the

monies paid on such contract ; and as soon as any such contract

-shall be completed , the commissioners with whom the fame

shall have been entered into , shall also cause notice thereof to

be transmitted to the said commissioners for the affairs oftaxes,

and also to such receiver- general respectively as aforesaid.

Onproduc- XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That upon the produc-

tion ofcerti- tion of the certificateof any such contract as aforesaid at the bank

ficate of

contract, and of England , incases where the consideration shall be in stock, and

transfer of upon the transfer to the commissioners for the reduction of the

the confide- national debt, of the three-pounds- per-centum bank annuities, to

rationwhere be transferred as theconsideration for the redemption of the land-

in stock, the

cashier of the taxthereby contracted for , or of such proportion of such bank an-

Bank thall

nuities as shall have been agreed to be transferred as the first instal-

grant a

ment thereof, every such body politick or corporate, or company ,

receipt for

or other person or persons, shall be entitled tohave a certificate or

the transfer, receipt from the cabier or cashiers of the governor and company

which shall

he indorsed

of the bank of England acknowledging such transfer, which cer-

on the certificate

1

"

1802.] Annoregni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. C. 116. 953

tificate or receipt the said cashier or cashiers is or are hereby re- tificate of

quired to give , and the same shall be indorsed on the certificate of contract in

the form in

such contract in the form prescribed in the schedule to this act an- schedule ( E);

nexed, marked ( E) ; and in cases where the consideration shall be and where

in money , then upon the production of the certificate of such in money,

contract to the receiver-general for the county , riding, or placein on production

of such cer.

England , or his deputy, or the collector for the shire, stewartry, or tificate to the

place in Scotland , where the manors, messuages, lands, tenements, receiver-

or hereditaments, or other property , of which the said land -tax general, &c.

shall be so redeemed, shall be situate, and upon payment to such and payment

receiver-general or his deputy, or such collector, of the sum ofof the consideration, a

money to be paid as the consideration for such redemption, or receipt shall

of the proportion of any such sum as shall have been agreed to be be granted

paid as the first instalment thereof (which sum of money such and indorsed

on

receiver- general or his deputy , or such collector , is hereby on the cer

authorised and required to receive accordingly) every such the form in

body politick or corporate, or company, or other person or schedule (F) .

persons, shall be entitled to a certificate or receipt from such

receiver- general or his deputy , or such collector, acknowledging

such payment, which shall be indorsed on the certificate of the

contract in the form prescribed in the schedule to this act annex-

ed , marked (F) ; and every such certificate or receipt of the

cashier or cashiers of the bank of England, orof such receiver- general

or his deputy in England, or of such collectorin Scotland, shall be

an acquittance and discharge to the bodies politick or corporate,

or companies, or other person or persons transferring such stock, On transfer

or paying such money as aforesaid; and upon the transfer or or payment

payment of such consideration, or of such proportion thereof as ofconfide-

shall have been agreed to be transferred or paid as the first ration the

lands shall

instalment thereof , the manors, messuages, lands, tenements, be exone-

and hereditaments, or other property comprized in such rated from

contract, shall be wholly freed and exonerated from the land - land-tax from

tax charged thereon , and from all further assessments thereof , the preceding

from such quarterday,

of the quarterly days of payment of land-tax as shallprovidedthe

next precede the day of transfer or payment of such confide- certificate of

ration or the first instalment thereof , provided the certificate ofcontract be

the contract shall be duly registered pursuant to the directions duly regif-

tered, other-

of his act : provided always, that where any contract for the wife only

redemption of any land-tax shall not be registered within the from the

period herein-after prescribed, the manors, messuages, lands, quarter pre-

tenements, or hereditaments, or other property therein com- ceding the

prized, shall only be exonerated from the land-tax charged day of its

being left

thereon , from such of the said quarterly days of payment of for registry.

land -tax as shall next precede the daywhereon such contract

shall be left at the proper office for the purpose of being regif-

tered ; but all such manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or here-

ditaments, or other property, whereof the land- tax shall be so

redeemed, shall be charged and chargeable with the payment of

the land-tax, up to and upon such next preceding quarterly day

of collection or payment of land-tax as aforesaid.

XXXIX, And be it further enacted, That when any one When one

or or more co

954Annoregni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. c . 116. [1802.

parceners or more of any persons who shall be seised or entitled in undi-

shall redeem vided shares and proportions, as coparceners, or heirs portioners,

their land-

tax, and partition thall there-

tenants in common, or joint tenants , of or to any manors,

messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, hall redeem

his, her, or their proportion of the land- tax charged thereon,

afterbemade, and partition shall at any time afterwards be made of the said

their allot-

ments shall

manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, between

be immedi-

such coparceners, or heirs portioners, tenants in common, or

atelyexone- rated from

joint tenants, then and in such case the manors, messuages,

lands, tenements, or hereditaments which shall upon such

land-tax.

partition be allotted to the person or persons who shallso have

redeemed his, her, or their proportion of the said land-tax, shall,

immediately upon such partition being completed, be and

become exonerated and discharged from such land-tax , and

every part thereof .

Where an

XL . And be it further enacted, That in all cafes where in

optionshall

any contract which shall have been entered into by virtue of

have been

the said recited acts, for the redemption of land-tax, or any

declaredby

of them, an option shall have been declared to consider the

acontractor for redemp- tion , to be

bodies politick or corporate, or companies, or other person

or persons contracting for such land -tax, on the same footing

contidered

as a person not interested in the manors, messuages, lands,

on the footing

of a person tenements, or hereditaments comprized in such contract , by

not interested reason whereof the said manors, messuages, lands, tenements,

in the lands, or hereditaments shall remain chargeable with the land- tax,

byreason

and such bodies politick or corporate, or companies, or other

whereof they person or persons, or their respective successors, heirs, exe-

shall remain

chargeable with land-

cutors, administrators, or assigns, shall be desirous of exone-

rating such manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or heredi-

tax , the com- taments from land-tax, it shall be lawful for them respectively ,

missioners for redemp-

at any time hereafter, to make application for that purpose

tion may to the commissioners acting in the execution of this act as

contractwith aforesaid , for the county, riding, shire, stewartry, city, town,

him for the or place where such manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or

redemption hereditaments shall be situate; and on any such application,

thereof , upon production ofand on the production of a certificate under the hands and

acertificate seals of any two of the commissioners of land -tax acting for

from two commifli- oners of the

the division or place wherein the same shall be situate of the

amount of the land-tax then charged on such manors , mel-

land-tax to

fuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, and of the certi-

the amount

ficate of the contract for the redemption of such land -tax, to

of the tax

the said commissioners acting in the execution of this act as

charged.

theron , and

aforesaid, it shall be lawful for them, or any two or more of

of the con-

them, to contract with such bodies politick or corporate, or

tract of re-

companies, orother person or persons, their respective successors,

demption ,

heirs, executors, administrators, or assigns, for exonerating

and may amend con-

their said manors, mesluages, lands , tenements, or heredita-

tracts, or

ments, from land-tax ; and in every such case where it shall

enter into

appear by such certificate and contract that no variation has

new ones ,

taken place in the mean time , in the amount of such land-tax ,

to amend or cause to be amended the certificate of any such contract ,

E

4

6

A

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 116. 955

contract, by striking out all such parts thereof as relate to

the declaration of such option therein , and to certify their

having so done under their respective hands and seals, on the

back of such certificate ; and after the registry of such certificate and such indorsement thereon, in the manner herein

directed (whether such certificate shall have been previously

registered or not) the manors, messuages, lands, tenements, and

hereditaments comprized therein, shall be wholly exonerated

from land-tax, from such of the quarterly days of collection and

payment of land- tax as shall next precede the day whereon

such certificate of contract shall be left at the proper office, for

the purpose of being registered as last mentioned ; and when-

ever it shall appear in any such case , by the certificate of the

amount of land-tax , and the certificate of the contract for

redemption thereof respectively, that the amount of land-tax

then charged upon the manors, messuages, lands, tenements,

and hereditaments comprized therein, is either more or less

than the amount of land-tax redeemed by such contract, it

shall be lawful for such commissioners , or any two of them,

to rescind such contract, and to enter into a new contract for

the redemption of the land-tax which shall be then charged upon

the said manors, messuages, lands, tenements, and heredita-

ments, without any declaration of an option being inserted

therein, and to indorse on the certificate of such new contract

a true copy of any receipt or receipts indorsed on the original

certificate of the contract , purporting to be given by any

cashier or cashiers of the bank of England , or by any receiver

or receivers-general of land-tax in England , or collector in

Scotland , for the consideration, or any part thereof , to be

transferred or paid, and actually transferred or paid , on such

original contract; provided that no such manors, messuages,

lands, tenements, or hereditaments shall be exonerated in any No such land

case where any such land-tax shall have been increased, unless shall be exone-

rated where

the bodies politick or corporate, or companies, orother person the land- tax

or persons so applying as aforesaid , shall contract to transfer or has been

pay, and shall, at the time to be mentioned in such certificate increased ,

ofcontract, accordingly transfer at the bank of England , or payunless the

to the receiver-general in England, or his deputy , or collector inparty thall

contract to

Scotland , of the county, riding, shire , stewartry , city , borough, transfer fo

town, or place where the same shall be situate ( as the case may much addi.

require) so much three -pounds-per-centum bank annuities, intional stock

orpay such

addition to the amount of stock that shall have been already additional

transferred, or so much money in addition to the amount offums as thall

money already paid in respect of such land-tax, as shall be be necessary;

necessary, according to the provisions of this act, to redeem so and where

much ,land-tax asthall be equal in amount to the difference the land tax

has beende-

between the land-tax contracted for in and byfuch new contract, creased, and a

and the land-tax contracted for in and by the contract which new contract

shall have been so rescinded : provided also, that in every such shall be en-

case where the land- tax contracted for as aforesaid shall have tered into,

the commissi .been in the mean time decreased in amount, which amount oners shall

shall certify the

956 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 116. [1802.

amount of

shall have been duly charged on any other manors, messuages,

the stock

lands, tenements, or hereditaments in the same parish ог place ,

transferred,

and a new contract shall be entered into for the redemption of

or money paidto the commissi

the land-tax then charged as aforesaid in pursuance of this act,

the commissioners who shall enter into such last- mentioned

oners for

taxes, who

contract shall certify in writing, signed by two or more of

shall order

them, to the commissioners for the affairs of taxes, the several

the diffe-

amounts of the stock or money contracted to be transferred or

rence to be

paid by, and actually transferred or paid, in pursuance of the

fettled .

original and new contracts respectively ; and it shall thereupon

be lawful for the said commissioners for the affairs of taxes , to

order and direct the governor and company of the bank of

England, or the receiver-general in England , or collector in

Scotland , for the county , riding, shire, stewartry, city, or place

where such manors, messuages, lands, tenements, and heredi-

taments shall be situate respectively, in cases where more or a

greater consideration shall have been transferred or paid on

the original contract than the consideration inserted in the new

certificate of contract, to repay all such monies to the bodies

politick or corporate, or companies, or other person or persons

who shall be entitled to the fame, as shall be due and payable

in respect of such difference in the considerations, if such monies

shall not have been vested in stock ; and in cases where such

stock hath been purchased and placed in the name of or transferred to the commissioners for the reduction of the national

debt, then upon a certificate, signed by any three or more of

the said commissioners for the affairs of taxes, of the amount of

such stock transferred upon the original contract, and the

1

amount required to be transferred upon the new contract , it

shall be lawful for the said commissioners for the reduction of

the national debt , or any one or more of them, and he and

they is and are hereby required to transfer the difference

between such amounts of stock so certified, to the bodies politick

or corporate, or companies, or other person or persons entitled

unto the same ; and after the registry of such certificate of

contract in the manner herein directed, the manors, messuages ,

lands , tenements, and hereditaments comprized therein, shall

be wholly exonerated from land-tax , from such of the quarterly

days appointed for the payment of land-tax, as thall next

precede the day whereon such certificate of contract shall be

left at the proper office, for the purpose of being registered

as aforesaid.

Personal pro-

XLI. And be it further enacted, That where any manors,

pertyinvested messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments , shall belong to

in the funds,

&c . tobe

or stand limited to the use or for the benefit of any bodies po-

laid out in

litick or corporate, or publick companies, or any feoffees or

thepurchase

oflands in

trustees for charitable or other publick purposes, and any per-

trust for any corporation,

sonal property which now is or shall hereafter be invested in the

publick stocks or funds, or placed out on any mortgage or other

&c .maybe

security , either in the names of such bodies politick or corporate,

applied, with

the consent

the com.or companies, or feoffees or trustees for charitable or other publick

802. ] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 116. 957

publick purposes, or in the names of any trustee or trustees, or missioners, in

of the officer or officers of any court , shall be subject to any theredemp

trust to be laid out in the purchase of other manors, messuages, tax oneftates .

lands, tenements, or hereditaments, to be conveyed or limited belonging to

to the use or for the benefit of such bodies politick or corporate, such corpora-

or companies, or feoffees or trustees for charitable or other tion, and

where under

publick purposes, then and in such case it shall be lawful for such the controul

bodies politick or corporate, or companies, or feoffees or trustees of any court ,

for charitable or other publick purposes, or for such trustees or with the

officers respectively , with the consent and approbation of any

consentof

wo or more of the commissioners acting in the execution of such court.

this act, by virtue of his Majesty's letters-patent under the great

seal (to be certified under their hands) to apply such personal

property in or towards the redemption of the land-tax, or any

part thereof , charged upon the said manors, messuages, lands,

tenements, or hereditaments belonging to such bodies politick or

corporate, or companies, or feoffees or trustees for charitable or

other publick purposes; and where any such personal property shall

be under the direction or controul of any court , the same shall be

so applied under the order of such court, to be made upon the pro-

duction of such certificate of the said commissioners as aforesaid.1

XLII. And be it further enacted, That where any manors, Trust pro-

messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments belonging to any perty directed

other person or persons, shall be settled or limited to or for any to be laid

particular uses, trusts, intents, or purposes, and any other pro- maybe

out in land

perty , shall be subject to any trust to be laid out or invested in applied in

the purchase of other manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or redemption

hereditaments, to be settled to or for the same uses, trusts, of the land-

intents, or purposes, or to be applied in the payment of any debts tax on the limited lands ,

or charges affecting the same, then and in every such cafe it shall with the

be lawful to apply such other property in the redemption of the necessary

land-tax, or any part thereof , charged upon such settled manors, consent.

messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, with such

consent as shall be necessary for the purpose of applying such

other property in the purchase of any manors, messuages, lands,

tenements, or hereditaments, according to the terms of the

trust affecting the fame, whether such trust shall have been

created or directed by any act of parliament, deed, will or

otherwise, and when any such trust property shall be under the

direction or controul of any court , the same shall be so applied

under the order of such court.

XLIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, Thatwhere Land-tax fo

any land-tax charged upon any manors, messuages, lands, tene. redeemed

with trust

ments, or hereditaments belonging to any such bodies politick or property shall

corporate , or companies, or feoffees or trustees for charitable or merge in the

other publick purposes, or other person or persons, shall be lands.

redeemedby the application of any such personal trust pr propertyas

aforesaid, in pursuance of this act, such land-tax shall fink and

become mergedin the fame manors, messuages, lands, tenements,

or hereditaments, for the benefit of the bodies politick or corpo-

rate, or companies, or feoffees or trustees for charitable or other publick

958 Annoregniquadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. C. 116. [1802.

publick purposes, or other person or persons respectively entitled

Where such thereto : provided also , that in case any such personal trust pro-

trust property perty which shall be so applied, shall be insufficient for the

re-

shall be insuffi-

cient , thepow. demption of the whole land- tax charged upon such manors ,

ers of his act messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, it shall be law-

maybeexer- ful for suchbodies politick or corporate, or companies, or feoffees

cised to raise or trustees for charitable or other publick purposes, or other per-

thedeficiency . son or persons respectively, to use and exercise all and every other

the powers given to or vested in them respectively in and by

this act , in order to raise moneyfor the redemption of so much

of the land-tax charged on such manors, messuages, lands, tene-

ments, or hereditaments, as such personal trust property shall be

insufficient to redeem .

Governors of

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for

queen Anne's the governors of the bounty of Queen Anne for the augmenta-

bountymay

lay out moneytion of the maintenance of the poor clergy, from time to time

in redeeming to apply any fum or fums ofmoney or other funds, which under

land-tax on or by virtue of any laws now in force, or of the charter granted

livings , and in in the reign of Queen Anne , now is or are or hereafter shall

purchasing rentcharges be applicable towards the augmentation of any living or livings

grantedby withing the meaning of such laws or charter respectively , in

incumbents. and for the redemption of the land-tax charged or hereafter to

be charged upon the lands, tythes, or other profits arising from

any such living or livings, which at anytime before, or on or

after the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand eight hundred

and two, shall have been or shall be contracted for by the in-

cumbentor incumbents of such living or livings ( with the con-

fent of the said governors) or which may be contracted for by

the said governors in pursuance of this act, and the transfer or

payment of the consideration for such redemption by the said

governors, or by their order or direction, shall , from the quarter-

day next preceding the making thereof , wholly exonerate and

discharge the lands, tythes, or other profits of such living of

livings from such land- tax, which shall from thenceforth fink

and be extinguished for the benefit of such living or livings ;

and it shall also be lawful for the said governors from time to

time to apply any such sum or fums of money, or other funds

as aforesaid, in, for, and towards the purchasing any rent charge

or rent charges which shall have been or shall be granted under

the authority of any of the said recited acts, or of this act , by

any incumbent or incumbents of any living or livings which

the said governors have already agreed, or shall hereafter agree

to augment; and every such rent charge , when so purchased;

shall be surrendered to the incumbent for the time being of the

living upon which the same shall have been charged , to the in-

tent that the fame may fink and be extinguished for the benefit

Trustees for of such living or livings .

thepoorclergy

XLV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for

maylayout

the trustees for the time being, of any trust property heretofore

trust moneyingiven by any will, for the purpose ofbeing laid out in the pur

redeeming land- tax on

chase of lands or impropriate tythes for the benefit of the poor

livings, clergy

| 1802. ] Anno regni quadragesimo fecundoGEORGII III . C. 116. 959

clergy in England , (with such consent as is required by such

will ,) to apply from time to time any fum or sums of money,

orother funds, which by virtue of such will now is or are, or

hereafter shall be applicable for the purpose aforesaid, in, for,

or towards the redemption of any land-tax charged or to be

charged upon the lands, tythes, or other profits arising from any

living or livings belonging to the church of England, which

at any time before, or on or after the said twenty -fourth day of

June one thousand eight hundred and two , shall have been, or

π .

Thall be contracted for by the incumbent or incumbents of such

living or livings, with the consent of the said trustees, or of such

other persons whoseconsent is required by such will, or which may

be contracted for by the said trustees, in pursuance of this act ;

and the transfer or payment of the consideration for such re-

demption by the said trustees, or by their order or direction ,

shall, from the quarter-day next preceding the making thereof ,

wholly exonerate and discharge the lands , tythes, or other pro-

fits of such living or livings, from such land-tax, which shall

from thenceforth fink and be extinguished for the benefit of such

living or livings; and every such redemption of land- tax, by virtue

of his act , for the benefit of such living orlivings, shall be deem-

ed valid and effectual in the law, and equivalent, to all intents,

constructions, and purposes, to a purchase or purchases of lands

t

ا

ortythes for that purpose, under the trusts of such will, any

Aatutes ofmortmain, or other statute or law to the contrary not-

withstanding .

XLVI. And be it further enacted , That where any lands, The land tax

onlands fet-

tenements, or hereditaments have been or shall be settled to cha- tled for the

ritable uses, for the benefit of any parish or place, it shall be benefit of any

lawful to apply such fum or fums of money as shall be necessary place maybe

redeemed out

for the redemption of the land- tax charged thereon, out of any of theate

rate made or to be made on such . parish or place, for the relief with theap-

of the poor , in cafe the rents and profits of such lands shall be probation of

applicable for the benefit of the poor, and out of any church rate, two justices.

incasethe rents and profits shall be applicable to the repairs of

any church or chapel, or otherwise out of such parish rate as the

circumstance of the paticular case shall require: provided always,

thatno such rate shall be so applied without approbation oftwo

justices of the peace of the county, riding, division, or place,

certifiedinwriting to the commissioners acting in the execution

of this act, by virtue of his Majesty's warrant under the royal

6gn manual, upon proof before such justices on oath or affir-

mation , ofnotice having been given during divine service, on two

Sundays at the least, in the church or chapel belonging to such

parish or place, or where there shall be no church or chapel,

then in the church or chapel of some parish adjoining thereto, of

anintention to make such application, and of the time and place

ofapplying for the approbation of such justices.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That where under any Trust property

act of parliament, or any deed or will, or under any decree of for the benefit

any court , any trust property shall be applicable to any charita- of anyplace

blemaybe applied

960 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 116. [1802.

in the redemp-ble purposes for the benefit of anyparish or place , it shall and

tion of the land-tax on

may be lawful to apply such trust property, or any part thereof ,

lands fettled in the redemption of the land-tax charged upon any manors,

for the benefit messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, settled to charita-

of suchplace , ble uses, for the benefit of such parish or place , and by deed

which shall be under the hands and seals of the parson, vicar, or curate , and

charged with

anannuity equal to the

of the churchwardens and overseers of such parish or place, or

of the major part of them, inrolled in such manner as is herein

tru property

directed with respect to deeds executed by trustees and other

so applied.

persons for the sale of lands for redeeming the land- tax, to charge

such manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments,

or a sufficient part thereof , with the payment of an annuity or

rent charge equal to the amount of the income of the trult

Such applica. property which shall have been applied in the redemption of

tion andcharge such land-tax: provided always, that no such trust property shall

ofannuity to be so applied or annuity charged without the approbation of such

bewith the justices, certified in such manner, and with such proof ofnotice

approbation ofas is hereby directed, in case of the application of the poors

thejustices.

rates or church rates for the redemption ofland-tax.

Donations to

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful

charitable

institutions maybe applied

for the governors and directors of hospitals, and other charitable

institutions , to apply any legacies or voluntary donations be-

inredemp- tion ofland.

queathed or given to or for the benefit of such hospitals and

charitable institutions, and which shall not have been directed

tax.

by the person or persons bequeathing or giving the same to be

applied in any particular manner, for or towards the redemption

of the land-tax charged upon any manors, messuages, lands,

tenements, and hereditaments belonging to such hospitals or

Canal compa- charitable institutions.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for

nies,&c. may

redeemtheir any company or companies of proprietors of canals, or other

land -taxby navigations or works of publick utility, hereby empowered to

calls, or any contract for the redemption of the land-tax charged on the tolls

other means of and other profits arising therefrom, as well as on the messuages,

raising money authorised by lands, tenements, and hereditaments belonging thereto, to raise

the respective such fum or fums of money as shall be necessary for the re-

acts.

demption of such land -tax, either by calls on the respective pro-

prietors, or by mortgage, or by all and every or any of the ways

and means, whereby they are or shall be authorised or empowered by any act or acts now in being , or that shall hereafter

be passed, to raise money for any of the purposes in such acts

respectively mentioned.

Moneymaybe

L. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any

given bywill person or persons , by will or otherwise, or any bodies politick

or otherwise or corporate, or companies, to give any fum or fums ofmoney

forredeeming for the purpose of applying the same in the redemption of the

the land-tax

on lands fet- land-tax charged on any manors, messuages, lands, tenements,

tledtochari- or hereditaments, fettled to any charitable uses , which fum or

tableuses. sums may and shall be so applied accordingly ; any statute of

mortmain, or other statute or law to the contrary notwithstand

ing . LI. And

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III . c. 116.961i

LI. And be it further enacted, That for the purpose of re- For the pur-

1

deemingany land-tax charged on any manors, messuages, lands, pose ofre-

deeming the

tenements, or hereditaments, belonging to any person or per - land -tax on

1 sons (not being respectively bodies politick or corporate, or com- lands belong-

panies, or feoffees or trustees for charitable or other publick ing to persons

purposes), whether such manors, messuages, lands, tenements,(other than

or hereditaments shall be respectively situate in the fame or corporations,

infeoffees, or

any other division or place in the same county , riding, shire, or trustees, ) the

stewartry, or in any other county, riding, shire, or stewartry, persons in pof-

and whether such land-tax shall have been or shall be contract session, but

⚫ed for either before or on the said twenty -fourth day of June one have the abo

who shall not

thousand eight hundred and two , by virtue of the said recited folute estate,

acts, or any of them, or at any time thereafter , by virtue of this &c. (except

act, it shall be lawful for all and every such person and persons tenants atrack

who are, is, or shall for the time being be seised or rent ,&c.)may

possessed ,fellpart of

or entitled beneficially in possession to the rents and profits of , lands, heriots,

but who shall not have the absolute estate or interest in any&c. for re-

manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or anydemption of

theland-tax,

heriots, services, emoluments, or advantages, issuing or payable and also rent

from or in respect of any freehold or copyhold or customary reserved out of

messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or incident thereto lands granted

or accruing therefrom (other than and except tenants at rack for beneficial

rent for any terms of years, or from year to year, or at will, and leases, or by

copies of court

tenants holding under the crown any lands or tenements within roll, &c. or

the survey and receipt of the exchequer or the duchy of Lancaster, may mortgage

or under the duke of Cornwall, any lands or tenements belong- the lands, or

ing to and parcel of the duchy of Cornwall ) but nevertheless grant any rent

under the restrictions and regulations herein- after mentioned, charge to the

amount of theabsolutely to sell and dispose of , by publick sale or private con - land-tax.

tract, and, by deed indented and inrolled or registered in the

manner prescribed by this act , to convey (either at one time for

the purpose of making good the whole of the consideration for

the redemption of any such land-tax, or at various times for the

purpose ofmaking good the respective instalments thereof , as the

same shall respectively become due, or any number of instalments

-at once, as shall be most expedient) any such manors, messuages,

lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or any such heriots, services,

emoluments, or advantages, whereof such person or persons thall

be in the actual possession , or entitled beneficially to the rents

and profits, as shall be eligible and necessary, whether of freehold

or ofcopyhold or customary tenure, orholden for any termor terms

ofyears (other than for any term or terms of years at a rack

rent) and whether the manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or

hereditaments, heriots, services , emoluments, or advantages so

fold shall be charged or not charged with, or shall be exempt

from the payment of land-tax, and if the same shall be charged

with any land-tax, then freed and discharged from such land-tax ;

and it shall also be lawful for all and every such persons and

person who are or is, or shall for the time being be in the actual

receipt or perception of , and beneficially entitled to the rents and

services reserved or due and payable in respect and out of any

VOL. XLIII. Qee manors ,

962 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 116. [1802.

manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments which

shall have been or shall be granted by him, her, or them, or any

former owner or owners thereof , for any beneficial lease or

leases, or by any copy or copies of court roll, or demised accord-

ing to the custom of any manor for life or lives, or years absolute, or years determinable on any life or lives , absolutely to fell

and dispose of , by publick sale or private contract, and in like

maner to convey (either at one time or at various times as aforesaid) the fee simple and inheritance of any such manors, mef-

suages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments which shall have been

or shall be fo granted or demised for any beneficial lease or leases ,

or by any copy or copies of court roll, or by any other grant,

according to the custom of any manor, for life or lives, or years

absolute, or years determinable upon any life or lives, and also the

rents and services, and other profits reserved or payable upon or

in respect of such leasehold or copyhold tenements or heredita

iments, subject to the subsisting interests of the respective lessees ,

copyholders , or other customary tenants, whether such last - mentioned manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments,

shall be charged or not charged with, or shall be exempt from

the payment of land- tax, or whether the land-tax chargedthere-

on shall have been redeemed by the respective lessees or copy-

holders, or customary tenants thereof , or not , and if the fame

shall be charged with any tax, then freed and discharged from

such land-tax ; and it shall be lawful for all and every such per-

fons and person, by deed indented , and also inrolled or registered

as herein is directed, and under the restrictions and regulations

herein-after mentioned, to convey or demise any of fuck free-

hold, copyhold, or leasehold manors, messuages, lands, tene.

ments , or hereditaments whereof they shall be in the actual pol-

session , or beneficially entitled to the rents and profits as aforesaid, freed and discharged from land- tax, in case any land- tax

shall be charged thereon, to any person or persons by way of

mortgage, either in fee simple or for any term or terms ofyears

( where the same shall not be ofcopyhold or customarytenure)

for securing such sum or fums of money as shall be sufficient to

redeem the land- tax which hath been or shall be so contracted

for by such person or persons as aforesaid, or to grant any rent

eharge to be issuing out ofandchargeable upon any such manors ,

messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments , as aforesaid , not

No sale, &c. ofexceeding the amount of the land- tax fo contracted for as afore

Jands under said : provided always, that no sale, mortgage, or grant of or out

this act shall of any manors, messuages, lands, tenements , or hereditaments,

be made, but shall be made by any such person or persons by virtue of this

for redeeming act, other than for the purpose of redeeming land- tax charged

the land-tax

thereon, or on thereon ( in cases where the same shall be charged with any

other lands

land- tax) and also on other manors, messuages , lands, tenements

fettled to the

or hereditaments, which stand limited or fettled , and subject to

same uses .

or for the same uses, trusts; intents, or purposes, or in the fame

order or course of limitation as the manors, messuages, lands ,

tenements or hereditaments which shall be fo fold, mortgaged,

10

3

F

に

تو

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III . C. 116.963.

or charged as aforesaid, save and except as to such variations

as may necessarily be occasioned by the difference in the nature

of the tenure of freehold and copyhold estates.

LII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Persons seized

person who shall be seised in fee tail of any manors, messuages, lands may con-

infee tailof

lands , tenements, or hereditaments in England , to convey such vey such parts

part or parts therof as shall be deemed eligible and necessary to as may be ne-

be fold for the purpose of redeeming the land- tax charged on ceffary for re-

such manors, messuages, lands, tenements or hereditaments, by deeming

deeming the

land-tax

deed indented, and inrolled or registered in the manner pre- thereon, by

scribed by this act ; and every such deed so inrolled or registered deed inrolled ,

as aforesaid , shall as effectually and absolutely bar all estates

tail and other estates in possession, reversion, remainder, or ex-

pectancy in the hereditaments so conveyed, as if such tenant in

tail had levied a fine or suffered a common recovery thereof in

due form of law.

LIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That for Committees ,

the purposes aforesaid, it shall be lawful for all committees and guardians, &c.

mayfell , &c.

curators oflunatics or idiots, and guardians or tutors ofinfants , lands belong-

and all executors and administrators, curators, or trustees what- ing to incapa-

sover, seised or possessed of any manors, messuages, lands, tene- citated per-

ments, or hereditaments in trust , and having authority to act fons, forre-

deeming the

for infants, minors, issue unborn, femes covert, or other persons land- tax.

incapable by law or deed to act for themselves, on the behalf of

such incapacitated persons respectively, and under the restrictions

and regulations herein contained, to fell, or mortgage and convey, or grant any rent charge out of any manors, messuages,

lands , tenements, or hereditaments belonging to , or fettled to

the use or for the benefit of any such lunatics or idiots , infants,

minors, issue unborn, femes covert, or other incapacitated per-

fons, which such lunatics or idiots, infants, or minors, issue

unborn (if in effe), femes covert, or other incapacitated persons,

could or might have fold, mortgaged, or charged with any rent

charge for the purpose of redeeming any land-tax in respect of

their estate or interest therein, either by virtue of this act or

otherwise, if they respectively had not been under any such in-

capacity as aforesaid, and in the same manner in all respects as

they respectively could or might have fold , or mortgaged and

conveyed, or charged the fame.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That all sales, mortgages, Sales, mort-

orgrants in relation to estates in England, which shall be made gages, or

by virtue of this act by any person or persons (other than bodies grants, in

relation to

politick or corporate, or companies, or feoffees or trustees for estates inEng-

charitable or other publick purposes , and other than such person land (except

or persons holding under any grant from the crown, or any act by corpora-

of parliament , as herein- after mentioned) shall be made under tions , &c. shall

the authority, and with the consent and approbation of the bemadeunder

the authority

commissioners for the time being acting in the execution of his of the com-

act, by virtue of his Majesty's warrant under the royal sign missioners

manual, for the county, riding, or place, in which the manors, acting for the

messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, which shall beplace in which

the lands shall

९९९२

fobefituate .

964Anno regni quadragesimo secundo .GEORGII III. C. 116. [1802.

fo fold, mortgaged, or charged, shall be situate ; and no such

sale, mortgage, or grant shall be valid or effectual, unless two

at least of such commissioners shall certify their consent thereto ,

and approbation thereof , by signing and sealing the deed of sale,

mortgage, or grant, as parties thereto.

Noland shall

be fold, &c . LV. Provided always, and be it further enacted , That no

manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments inEng-

under such authority, unless land , shall be so fold or mortgaged, nor anyrent charge granted

a month's pre- thereout by virtue of this act, by any person or persons , under

1vious notice the authority of the said last-mentioned commissioners, without

be given to theone calendar month's previous notice in writing given to the said

commissioners, and a commissioners, by the person or persons desirous of making such

schedule pro- sale, mortgage, or grant, nor unless such person or persons shall ,

duced con-

previously to such sale, mortgage, or grant, produce to the said

taining certain particulars .

commissioners a schedule in writing, declaring the quantity or

duration of his, her, or their estate or interest in the manors,

messuages , lands, tenements, or hereditaments, whereon the land-

tax proposed to be redeemed shall be charged, and (if the fame

shall not be an estate of inheritance) then the name or names of

the bodies politick or corporate , or companies, or other person

or persons next entitled to any beneficial interest in such manors,

messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, expectant on the

determination of the immediate estate or interest therein; and if

such manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments shall

be subject to any mortgage, charge, lien, or incumbrance, then

the name or names of the bodies politick or corporate, or companies, or other person or persons having such mortgage, charge ,

lien, or incumbrance, and the amount thereof , and (if more than

one) the priorities of the respective incumbrances.

Where lands

LVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any

are situate in

manors , messuages , lands, tenements, or hereditaments, which

different

counties, cer-

shall be fold at various times , shall be situate in different

tificates of

counties, then and in such cafe the person or persons who shall

former sales

be desirous of making any such sale, shall, in case any manors,

shall bepro-

duced to the

messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments situate in any

commissioners

other county, shall have been fold for the purpose ofmaking

in the county good any prior instalments, produce and shew to the said last-

where the mentioned commissioners a certificate , under the hands and seals

subsequent of the commissioners for such other county or counties, of the

sales are made, former sale or sales , which certificate shall contain a statement

who may exa-

mine the par- and account of the manors , messuages, lands, tenements, and

ties on oath hereditaments which shall have been so fold , and also the amount

respectingsuch of the purchase money for the fame; and the said commissioners

formerfales. for such other county or counties are hereby authorised and

required to grant such certificate to the person or persons applying

for the fame; and such commissioners under whose authority

such subsequentfale is proposed to be made, are hereby authorised

and empowered to examine upon oath or affirmation, in the

manner directed by this act, the person or persons who shall be

desirous of making such sale as last mentioned , touching any

matters or things relating to any former sales, which such commissioners

1 .

3 .

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 116. 965

mi oners may think necessary for their information, and to

receive any affidavit or deposition in writing in the manner

herein prescribed. Act not to

LVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing enable tenants

herein contained shall be construed to extend to enable any to fell any

for lives, &c.

tenant for lives, or for years determinable on lives, or for years part of tene-

absolute, though not at rack rent , to fell any part of the tene - ments demi-

mentdemised, in case of a demise, for which any tine orpremium sed , without

was paid, without the consent of the bodies politick or corporate, the persons

the consent of

or companies, or other person or persons entitled to the imme- entitled to the

diate estate in reversion upon such demise.

estate in

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That where any trusts, reversion.

mortgages, charges, liens, or incumbrances shall equally affect Where trusts,

&c. equally

orbe acharge upon divers manors, messuages, lands, tenements, affect lands,

or other hereditaments, part whereof shall be proposed to be fold part whereof

for the purpose of redeeming the land- tax chargeable on the shall be pro-

manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments so equally pofedtobe

fold for re-

subject and liable to such trusts, mortgages, liens, or incum- deeming the

brances, then and in such case it shall be lawful for the Court ofland- tax

Chancery in England , and the Court of Session in Scotland , if such thereon, the

courts respectively shall be satisfied that such of the said manors, court ofchan-

messuages , lands, tenements, or hereditaments as shall notbe cery in England and of

proposed to be fold for the purposes aforesaid, thall be a sufficient session in Scot-

security for the object of such trusts, or for the payment of such land may or-

mortgages, liens, or other incumbrances, to order and direct der such part

that such of the said manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or tobeconveyed

to thepurcha-

hereditaments as shall be fold for the purposes aforesaid, shall be fer discharged

conveyed to the purchaser or purchasers thereof , freed and dif- from incum-

charged from such trusts , mortgages, liens, and other incumbrances affect-

brances as aforesaid; and such purchaser or purchasers shall, after ing the whole

the inrolment or registry of the conveyance or conveyances made

of the lands.

under such order or direction as herein is prescribed, hold and

enjoy the said manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or heredita-

ments, purchased by him, her, or them, freed and absolutely

discharged therefrom: provided always, that nothing in this act ,

or in any such order or direction as aforesaid contained, shall

extend, or be construed to extend, to discharge the manors,

messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments which shall be

fold for the purposes aforesaid, from any trusts, mortgages, liens ,

or incumbrances which shall not equally affect or be a charge

upon the whole of the manors, messuages , lands, tenements, or

hereditaments, the land- tax of which shall be redeemed by the

monies arising from the sale of a part thereof , but all such last-

mentioned trusts, mortgages, liens, and other incumbrances,

shall remain and continue chargeable upon the manors and

other hereditaments, which shall be fold, in the same manner as

if this act had not been passed ; and the monies to arise from

such sales, and the surplus thereof (if any) shall, under the

directions of the said courts respectively , be applied in the fame

manner as herein is directed in other cafes of sales of estates for

the purpose of redeeming land-tax.

९९९३ LIX, And

966 Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. C. 116. [1802.

Whert such LIX. And be it further enacted, That wherever any such sale

sale shall be as aforesaid shall be by publick auction, the commissioners under

byauction, the commissioners whose authority the same shall be made, shall cause ten days

shall cause ten previous notice at the least of such intended sale to be published

days previous in some newspaper usually circulated in the county, riding ,

notice to be

given ; and

stewartry, or place wherein such manors, messuages, lands, tene-

when by

ments, or hereditaments shall be situate ; and wherever any such

private con-

sale shall be by private contract, such commissioners shall not

tract , they

certify their consent thereto or approbation thereof , without

shall not certify theircon-

having an estimate in writing, verified upon oath or solemn

fentwithout

affirmation (which any one of them is hereby empowered to

having an

administer) of the value of such part of the estate as shall be pro-

estimateof the posed to be fold, nor without being satisfied that the sale thereof

value.

will not materially injure the residue of the estate, and that the

part proposed to be fold is proper under all circumstances to be

fold for the purposes of this act.

Persons( not

beingcorpo- LX. And be it further enacted , That it shall be lawful for

rations, &c.) any person or persons (not being respectively bodies politick or

seized ofma- corporate, or companies, or feoffees or trustees for charitable or

nors in Eng- other publick purposes, and not holding under any grant from

land , with the

approbation of the crown, or any act of parliament , as herein- after is mentioned),

the court of who are or shall be seised of or beneficially entitled to any

chancery, may manors in England , of which any copyhold or customary estates

enfranchise shall be holden, with the approbation of the Court of Chancery, to

copyhold or customary be signified by order upon a petition to be preferred in a summary

estates. way, to enfranchise any such copyhold or customary estates.

Heirs of entail LXI. And be it further enacted, That where any heir of

in poslession in entail in possession of an entailed estate in Scotland , or his or her

Scotland , theirtutor, or tutors, or where he or she is an idiot or lunatick, his

tutors, &c. or her curator or curators, mean to fell part of the said estate, to

may apply to

the courtof purchase the land-tax of the estate in terms of this act, it shall be

session incases competent and requisite for him, her, or them, to apply by

of intended

sales for re.

petition to the court of session, stating the amount of the land-

deeming the tax payable out of the said estate , what part of the estate it is

land-tax; and proposed to fell , and the rent or annual value of that part of the

the court shall estate, and praying the court upon the allegations on these points

proceed fum- being proved to the satisfaction of the court, and it being thewn

marilyto authorise such that the sale of the part of the estate proposed tobe fold will not

sale, and the materially injure the residue of the estate remaining unfold, and

extract of their that the part so proposed to be fold is proper (considering all

decree shall

circumstances ) to be fold for the purpose aforesaid, to authorise

authorise the such sale to proceed in manner herein-after enacted, and the

commissioners

to fell.

judges of the said court are hereby authorised and required to

order such petitions to be intimated upon the walls of the outer

and inner house of the said court, in common form, for ten sede-

runt days, and also to be advertised weekly for two weeks

1

successively in the Edinburgh Gazette, which intimation and

advertisement shall be a valid and effectual intimation, advertise-

ment, and service, to all intents and purposes , as much as if the

said petitions had been personally intimated to or served upon all

persons having or pretending to have any interest with regard to the

1.

1

** 12

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo fecundoGEORGII III. C. 116. 967

the said estate , as substitute heirs of entail, creditors on the said

estate , or in any other way or character whatever; and such

intimation being duly made , the court thall proceed summarily

in the matter, and shall authorise the sale of that part of the estate

which the petitioner or petitioners are willing to fell, which the

court thinks ought to be fold for the purpose above mentioned,

and against the sale of which no sufficient reason is stated by any

person having interest ; and the extract of the decree of the court

authorising the sale shall be sufficient authority to the commif-

fioners acting under this act to carry on the sale in the manner

herein directed.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That where any heir ofIn cafes of

entail inpossession of an entailed estate in Scotland, or his or herborrowing

tutor or tutors, or where he or she is an idiot or lunatick, his orheirs

moneybyfuch

in Scot-

her curator or curators, mean to burthen the said estate with aland, and

fum of money to be borrowed to enable him, her, or them togranting heri-

purchase the land-tax of the said estate, it shall be competent andtable security

for the fame,

necessary forhim, her, or them, to apply by petition to the court like applica-

offession, stating the amount of the land-tax payable out of the tion tobe

estate, the sum proposed to be borrowed, and whether it is pro- made to, and

edin

posed to grant the heritable security over the whole or part of the proceedings

hadby the

estate , and if over part of the estate , what part, and praying the court of

court to authorise him, her , or them, to borrow such sum as the session.

court shall think proper for the purposes of this act, and to grant

heritable security in common form for that sum, over the whole

estate or part thereof , as the case may be ; and the judges of the

said court are hereby authorised and required to order such petitions to be intimated and advertised in the same manner as

petitions praying for authority under this act to fell part of en-

tailed estates, are by this act ordered to be intimated and

advertised, and the effect of such intimation and advertisement

shall be the same in both cafes ; and such intimation and adver-

tisements, being duly made, the court shall proceed summarily in

the matter, and shall authorise the petitioner or petitioners to

to grant heritable security over the whole of the entailed estate

or part thereof , provided no sufficient reason is stated to the contrary by any person having interest.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any farm, lands, orThe whole of

tenements usually possessed together, shall be proposed to be sold a farm, &c.

under the provisions of this act , which shall be more than fuf- which cannot

ficient for that purpose, and it shall appear to the court offeffion, be eligibly divided , may

either from the detached situation of such farm, lands, or tene-be fold to

ments, or from any other circumstances, that such farm, lands, redeem the

or tenéments cannot be divided, in order that an adequate part land- tax

thereof may be fold without loss to the parties interested , or that thereon, and

on otherthe sale of the whole of such farm, lands, or tenements, wouldeftates limited

be more eligible and advantageous to the said entailed estate, and to the fame

to the successive substitute heirs of entail in their order, it shall uses, and the

be competent and lawful for the said court of session, in like surplus dispo-

fedof , under

manner as it is authorised to proceed in other cases by this act the direction

( duenoticehaving been given to the next substitute heir ofentail of the court

९९९ ८

beingoffeffion.

968 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 116. [1802,

being of lawful age, and resident within Great Britain, of such

proposal to sell and dispose of such farm, lands, or tenements) to

direct and authorise the sale of the whole of such farm, lands, or

tenements ; and the surplus money, after purchasing stock

sufficient to redeem such land-tax, and paying and discharging

the costs and expences attending the sale thereof , shall, with the

interests and annual produce thereof , be applied and disposed of ,

under the direction and with the approbation of the said court,

in the same manner as herein is directed with respect to the

eventual surplus arising from sales, when no more has been

exposed to sale than is judged adequate for the redemption of

such land-tax.

Expences in-

curred in pur-

LXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all

chafing the

expences incurred by heirs of entail, or others entitled as afore-

land-tax on

said to purchase the land- tax affecting the entailed estate in Scot-

such entailed estates, may

land , either in selling part of the said estate, or borrowing money

on heritable security, or purchasing out of their own proper

bedefrayed out of the

means the land-tax affecting the entailed estate, shall be defrayed

priceof the

land fold , or

out of the price of the land so fold, or shall be included in the

heritable or other proper security, and may be made part of the

charged upon

charge upon the entailed estate : provided always, that the amount

the estate,

beingprevi-

of these expences shall be previously ascertained by the court of

ouflyafcer-

session, by decree to be obtained on a summary application to

tained by the

that purpose.

court of

session.

LXV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where

Suchfales shall any such sale shall be authorised by the court of session, the same

beby publick shall be carried on by publick auction , at such time and on such

auction; pre- notices as the said court shall from time to time direct ; and

vious to which further, that previous to any sale to be made in the terms and

the court shall by virtue of the powers required and given by this act , the court

cause articles

to be drawn of fession shall cause articles of sale to be drawn up in the usual

up , binding

forms required by the law of Scotland for making such sale effec-

thepurchaser

tual, and whereby the purchaser shall be taken bound to pay the

to pay the

price to a

price to a trustee to be named by the person or persons in whose

trustee , to be

name or for whose behoof the said sale or sales is or are carried on,

paid intothe

and which trustee shall be approved of by the said court , and shall

bank ofEng-

find security to their satisfaction that the sum or sums of money

land ,upon

fo to be paid to him by the said purchaser or purchasers thall be

which thepur duly and faithfully applied in the manner and for the purposes

chafer thall

be entitled to herein enjoined and directed ; and further, that the said trustee ,

aconveyance. upon receipt of the said price or prices, shall be forthwith bound

to pay the said money into the bank of England , to be there

placed to the account of the commissioners for the reduction of

the national debt, to be by them applied in the manner and for

the purposes directed and specified by this act, and the receipt of

the cashier or cashiers of the bank shall be a full and sufficient

discharge to the said trustee , and to the said purchaser or pur-

chafers, for the fum or fums of money so agreed to be paid by

him, her, or them in manner aforesaid , and which purchaser or

purchasers, upon payment of the fum or sums by the said truffee

into the bank of England as aforesaid , shall be entitled to demand

and

4

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 116. 969

and obtain from the said heir of entail, or other person or persons

in whose name, or at whose instance, or for whose behoof the

said sale or sales is or are carried on, such disposition , conveyance,

or other title to the subjects so sold , containing all usual and

necessary clauses for rendering complete the right to the fame in

favour of the said purchaser or purchasers, under the direction of

the said court .

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That where any part of Where part of

an entailed estate in Scotland is fold for the purposes of this act, an entailed

in the manner herein-before directed, and where any heritable estate is fold ,

and where he-

security is granted upon an entailed estate, also in the manner ritable securi .

herein-before directed, such sale and heritable security shall be ty is granted

as valid and effectual, to all intents and purposes, as if the estate, in Scotland, it

shall be as valid

part of which is so fold, or upon which the heritable security is as if the estate

granted , had been held by the feller and granter of the heritable had beenun-

security in fee simple, unfettered by any entail; and the person entailed; but

towhom such heritable security is granted, his heirs, executors, the estate shall

notbeadjudg-

and assignees, shall have and be entitled to use all the powers, edfor the in-

remedies, and means known in law, to recover either the interest terest orprin-

due upon the money lent, or the principal fum: provided al- cipal of the

ways, that it shall not be competent to adjudge all or any part money lent .

of the entailed estate, either for the interest or principal sum of

the money so lent.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That for the purpose ofTimbermay

raising money to redeem the land-tax charged on any manors, becutdown ,

with theap-

messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, subject to any probation of

restriction in the power of the person or persons entitled benefi- the court of

cially to the rents and profits thereof , to cut down timber chancery, &c.

standing thereon, it shall be lawful for such person or persons, and the pro-

duceapplied

with the approbation of the court of chancery in relation to in the redemp-

estates in England , and of the court of session in relation to tion of the

estates in Scotland , to cut down such quantity of timber as the land-tax, as

said courts respectively shall, upon application made by petition in cafes of real

in a summary way, direct, and to apply the produce thereof , and estate, and the

land- tax shall

the surplus of such produce (if any) under the direction of such merge in the

courts respectively, in the same manner as herein-after is di- lands, unless

rected with respect to monies produced by sale of estates for the otherwise or

redemption of land-tax ; and the land-tax which shall be so re-

deredbythe

courts.

deemed by the monies arising from the sale of any such timber

shall, when all the instalments to be transferred or paid upon the

contract for the redemption thereof shall be completed, fink and

become merged in the manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or

hereditaments whereon the same was charged, for the benefit of

the person or persons for the time being beneficially entitled

thereto, unless such courts respectively shall make any order or

direction respecting the manner in which the income to be de-

rived from the redemption of any such land-tax ought to be and

shall be applied, during so long time as the manors, messuages,

lands, tenements, or hereditaments, on which such timber shall

have been growing, thall be in the possession of any person or

persons having a limited interest or limited interests therein ,

which

970 Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. C. 116. [ 1802.

which order and direction such courts respectively are hereby

authorised and empowered to make, having regard to the state

and condition of the timber, and to the rights ofall persons in .

terested in such manors, messuages, lands, tenements, and here.

ditaments respectively : provided also, that it shall be lawful for

such courts respectively to order and direct that the costs and

expences incurred in the surveying, valuing, and felling such

timber, or otherwise on account of the sale thereof , shall be paid

and satisfied out of the purchase monies for the same.

Where the LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That where the monies

consideration

for any sale, to be paid as the consideration for any sale, mortgage, or grant

mortgage, or to be made by virtue of this act by any person or persons (other

grant , ( other than bodies politick or corporate, or companies, or feoffees or

than bycorpo- trufstees for charitable or other publick purposes) shall not exceed

rations , &c.) the fum of one thousand pounds, the deed of sale, mortgage, or

shall not ex-

ceed 1000l . the grant , or the inrolment thereof , and in cases of copyhold or

deedoftale , customary estates the deed of sale , or ofgrant, or the admittance

&c. thall not to such copyhold or customary estates, or any copy of the entry

be liable to

stampduty.

upon the court rolls of such deed of sale, or grant or admittance,

shall not be liable to any stamp duty whatever ; and every deed

of sale, or mortgage, and every surrender, grant, and admittance

of or to any messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments ,

which shall have been fold by virtue of the said recited acts, for

a consideration not exceeding one thousand pounds, and all

copies of the entry upon the court rolls of any such surrenders ,

grants, or admittances, shall be valid and effectual in the lawto

all intents and purposes whatever, although no stamp duty shall

have been paid for the same, and all persons whomsoever shall be

and are hereby indemnified and saved harmless from and against

any penalties or forfeitures which may have been incurred by

reason of any such surrenders, grants, or admittances, or any

copies thereof as aforesaid, having been so made and granted ,

without any stamp duty having been demanded or received for

the fame.

Forthe pur-

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That for the purpose of

poseofre- deeming the redeeming any land-tax charged on any manors, messuages,

Jand-tax, cor- lands, tenements, or hereditaments, belonging to any bodies

porations, or politick or corporate, or companies, or any feoffees or trustees

trustees for

publickpur-

for charitable or other publick purposes ( whether such manors,

poses, mayfell messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments thall be respec-

partof the tively situate in the same, or in any other division or place in

Jands charged , the same county, riding, shire, or stewartry, or in any other

may mort-

gage the fame, county, riding, thire, or stewartry, and whether such land- tax

or grant any shall have been or shall be contracted for either before or on the

rent charge to said twenty- fourth day of June one thousand eight hundred and

the amount oftwo, by virtue of the said recited acts or any of them, or at any

the land- tax. time thereafter , by virtue of this act) it shall be lawful for all

such bodies politick or corporate, and companies, and feoffees

ortrustees for charitable or other publick purposes (notwith-

standing any private statutes, bye laws, ordinances, or regulations, restraining them in that behalf ), but nevertheless under

the

' 1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. C. 116. 971

the restrictions and regulations herein-after mentioned, absolutely

to sell and dispose of , by publick sale or private contract , and, by

deed indented , and inrolled or registered in the manner prescribed

by this act, to convey (either at one time for the purpose of

making good the whole of the consideration for the redemption

of any such land-tax, or at various times, for the purpose of

making good the respective instalments thereof , as the fame shall

respectively become due, or any number of instalments at once,

#y

as shall be most expedient) any such manors, messuages, lands,

tenements, or hereditaments whereof they shall be in the actual

possession, or entitled beneficially to the rents or profits, as thall

be eligible and necessary (whether of freehold or copyhold or

customary tenure) or holden by them for any term or terms of

years (other than for any term or terms ofyears at a rack rent),

and whether the manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or here-

ditaments so fold shall be charged or not charged with, or shall

be exempt from the payment of land- tax, and if the same shall be

charged with any land-tax, then freed and discharged from such

K

land-tax, or absolutely to sell and dispose of by publick sale or

private contract, and in like manner to convey, either at one

time, or at various times as aforesaid , the fee simple and inhe-

ritance of any manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or heredi-

taments, belonging to such bodies politick or corporate, or companies, or feoffees or trustees for charitable or other publick

purposes, which shall have been or shall be granted or demised

for any beneficial lease or leases, or by any copy or copies of

court roll, or by any other grant, according to the custom of any

manor, for life or lives, or years absolute, or years determinable

upon any life or lives, and also the rents and services and other

profits reserved or payable upon or in respect of such leasehold

or copyhold tenements or hereditaments (subject to the subsisting

interests of the respective lessees, copyholders, or other customary

tenants), whether such last- mentioned manors, messuages , lands,

tenements, or hereditaments shall be charged or not charged

with, or shall be exempt from the payment of land-tax, and

$ although the land-tax charged thereon may have been redeemed

by the respective lessees or copyholders or customary tenants

thereof , or other persons having interest therein , and if the same

shall be charged with any land-tax, then freed and discharged

from such land- tax; and it shall also be lawful for all such bodies

1

politick or corporate, and companies, and feoffees or trustees for

charitable or other publick purposes, for the purposes aforesaid,

by deed indented , and also inrolled or registered in the manner

herein prescribed, to convey or demise any part or parts of such

freehold, or copyhold or customary, or leasehold manors, mef-

suages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments herein before mentioned , and whereof they shall be so in the actual posiession, or

beneficially entitled to the rents and profits as aforesaid, freed

and discharged from land-tax ( in case any land- tax shall be then

charged thereon) to any person or persons by way of mortgage,

either in fee simple, or for any term or terms of years ( where the

972 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 116. [1802.

the same shall not be of copyhold or customary tenure), for se-

curing such sum or sums of money as shall be sufficient to

redeem the land-tax which hath been or shall be so contracted

for by such bodies politick or corporate, or companies as aforesaid; or to grant any rent charge, to be issuing out of and

chargeable upon any such manors, messuages , lands, tenements,

No sale, &c .

or hereditaments as aforesaid , not exceeding the amount of the

shall be made

land - tax fo contracted for as aforesaid: provided always, that no

of lands, but sale, mortgage, or grant , of or out of any manors, messuages ,

for redeeming lands, tenements, or hereditaments, shall be made by any such

the land-tax bodies politick or corporate, companies, or feoffees or trustees

thereon, or on

other lands

for charitable or other publick purposes, by virtue of this act,

fettled to the

other than for the purpose of redeeming land-tax charged

fameuses .

thereon (in cases where the fame shall be charged with anyland-

tax), and also on any other manors, messuages, lands, tenements,

or hereditaments, which shall stand limited or subject to or for

the same uses, trusts, intents, or purposes, or in the fame order

or course of limitation as the manors, messuages, lands, tene-

ments, or hereditaments, which shall be so fold , mortgaged, or

charged as aforesaid, save and except as to such variations as may

necessarily be occasioned by the difference in the nature of the

tenure of freehold and copyhold estates.

Forthe pur- LXX. And be it further enacted, That for the purpose of

poseofre- deeming the

redeeming any such land-tax as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for

land - tax, cor- all such bodies politick and corporate, and companies, and

porations, &c. feoffees or trustees for charitable or other publick purposes, by

mayenfran- deed indented, and inrolled or registered as aforesaid, to enfran-

chise lands,

and fell he-

chise any messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, which

riots , &c.

are or shall be holden by copy of court- roll or other customary

tenure , of any manor belonging to any such bodies politick or

corporate, or companies, or feoffees or trustees for charitable or

other publick purposes, whether such manor be subject to any

lease or not, and also to sell and dispose of any heriots or fee-

farm rents, chief rents, or quit rents, or other emoluments or

advantages issuing or payable from or in respect of any freehold

or copyhold or customary manors, messuages, lands, tenements,

or hereditaments, or incident thereto and accruing therefrom.

Landsheld by LXXI. And be it further enacted, That where any person or

grantfrom the persons holding under any grant from the crown, or under any

crown, or un- act of parliament any manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or

der any act, hereditaments, wherein his Majesty , his heirs or fuccessors ,hath

wherein his or shall have any estate, right, or interest, in remainder, rever-

Majesty hath

anyestate (ex - fion, or expectancy, (other than persons holding under the

ceptwithin crown, any manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or heredita-

the survey of ments, within the survey and receipt of the exchequer, or the

&c .)may be

the exchequer, duchy of Lancaster, or holding under the duke of Cornwall, any

foldor - nfran- manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments belong-

chised for re- ing to and parcel of the duchy of Cornwall , by virtue of any de-

deeming the mise or grant by copy of court roll or otherwise, for life or lives ,

land tax on

lands limited or for years determinable on any life or lives, or for anyterm of

to the fame

years absolute, or from year to year, or during pleasure ), have

con-

1802.] Annoregni quadragesimosecundo GEORGII III. c. 116. 973

contracted or shall hereafter contract for the redemption of the uses as those

land - tax charged on any of such manors, messuages, lands, tene-chifed .

fold or enfran-

ments, or hereditaments, it shall be lawful for such person or

persons ( being in the actual possession, or entitled beneficially to

the rents and profits of such manors, messuages, lands, tene-

ments, or hereditaments ), for the purpose of raising money to

complete the redemption of the land-tax so contracted for (but

nevertheless under the restrictions and regulations herein-after

#mentioned), to sell and dispose ofby publick sale or private contract, and by deed indented, and inrolled or registered, as herein

** is prescribed , to convey either at one time or at various times , as

herein -before is mentioned, any of such manors, messuages,

lands, tenements, or hereditaments, whether the same shall be

charged or not charged with land-tax, and if charged with any

land- tax, then freed and discharged from such land-tax; and it

mall also be lawful for such person or persons, for such purpose,

and under such restrictions and regulations as aforesaid, to en-

franchise any messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments

which are or shall be holden by copy of court-roll or other cuf

tomary tenure, of any such manors so holden by such person or

persons as aforesaid, and also to sell and dispose of any heriots,

fee -farm rents, chief rents, or quit rents, or other emoluments

or advantages issuing or payable from or in respect of any

manors, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or incident thereto

or arising therefrom, any thing herein contained to the contrary

3

thereofnotwithstanding : provided always , that the manors, mef-

suages, lands , tenements, or hereditaments of which the land-

tax shall be so redeemed, shall stand and be limited to and for

the same uses, trusts, intents, and purposes, as the manors, mef-

fuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, heriots, rents, emo-

luments, or advantages which shall be fold , or the manors, of

which any such copyhold or customary estates shall be enfran-

chised, stood and were limited at the time of such sale or enfran-

chisement.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful His Majesty

for his Majesty, his heirs and successors, fromtime to time , by may appoint

anymembers

letters- patent under the great seal of Great Britain, to nominate of the privy

and appoint any person or persons being a member or members council to be

of his Majesty's most honourable privy council , to be commif . commissioners

fioner or commissioners for the purposes of for regulating

regulating , directing, sales by corpo

approving, and confirming all such sales, and contracts for sales, rations, com-

enfranchisements, mortgages, and grants of rent charges, which panies, ortruf

shall be made by any such bodies politick or corporate , or com- tees for pub-

panies, or any such feoffees or trustees for charitable or other lick purposes,

orwherein his

publick purposes, of or out of any manors, messuages , lands ,Majesty may

tenements , or hereditaments belonging to such bodies politick haveany inter

orcorporate, or companies, or feoffees or trustees for charitable est , two of

orother publick purposes, by virtue of this act , and also for the whom may

purpose of regulating, directing, approving and confirming all

act.

such sales or enfranchisements which shall be made, or of any

manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, wherein

his

974Anno regni quadragesimo fecundoGEORGII III. с. 116. [1802.

his Majesty, his heirs or successors, have or shall have any estate ,

right , or interest , in remainder, reversion, or expectancy by any

such person or persons holding under anygrant from the crown,

or any act of parliament as aforesaid ; and any two or moreof the

commissioners already appointed, or hereafter to be appointed

under the great seal for the purposes aforesaid, may do any act,

matter , or thing which by this act all such commissioners are

authorised and empowered to do.

Commissioner's oath.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That every such commif-

sioner hereafter to be appointed as last mentioned , before he

shall enter upon the execution of his office , shall take an oath to

the effect following; (that is to say)

A. B. do swear, That I will faithfully, impartially , and

Ihonestly, according to the best of myskill andjudgemen

execute the several powers and trusts reposed in me, by an act of

the forty-second year of the reign of his present majesty King

George the Third, intituled (here insert the title of this att] accord-

ing to the tenor and purport of the said act. So help me GOD.'

which oath shall and may be administered by any one of the

persons already appointed or hereafter to be appointed a commissioner, to any others or other of them.

Ifstatements

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if the statement

respecting contracts for

made to the said commissioners for the time being, acting in the

such sales are

execution of this act by virtue of his Majesty's letters-patent

not satisfacto under the great seal , by any bodies politick or corporate , or

ry , the com- companies, or any feoffees or trustees for charitable or other

missionersmay publick purposes, or other person or persons selling under their

require information on the authority or direction as aforesaid, respecting any such intended

subject , andre- sales, mortgages, or grants, or the value of the estate or estates

ceivedepofi- proposed to be fold , shall not be satisfactory to the said commif-

tions made fioners, it shall be lawful for them to require such information to

before any commissioners be given them respecting any matters or things relating to any

for receiving such sales, mortgages, or grants, as they shall deem necessary ,

affidavits, &c. and to receive any affidavits or depositions in writing, uponoath

or affirmation made before any commissioners, or persons who

are or shall be authorised to take affidavits in causes depending

in any of the courts at Westminster, or before anyjustice of the

peace, respecting any matters or things relating to any such in-

tended sales, mortgages, or grants .

The commif-

fioners may

employ a fe-

cretaryand

other officers,

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That the said last-mentioned

commissioners shall and may from time to time employ a fecre-

tary, and all such other officers and persons as may be necessary ,

and shall and may from time to time, at their discretion, difmils

and discharge any secretary, or other officers and persons already

appointed or hereafter to be appointed, and to appoint others in

Sales, &c. by

theirplace. LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That every sale, enfran

SorPhallions, chisement, mortgage, or grant of any rent charge which shall be

&c. be

made

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. С. 116. 975

made of or out of any manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or made under

hereditaments, by virtue of this act, by any bodies politick or cor- the direction

of the said

porate , or companies, or any feoffees or trustees for charitable or commission-

other publick purposes, or by any such person or persons holding ers, two of

under any grant from the crown, or under any act of parliament whom at

as aforesaid , shall be so made by, with, and under the consent , parties to

least shall be

sanction, controul, direction, and authority of the said last- the sale .

mentioned commissioners, and no further or other consent, au-

CS

thority, approbation , or confirmation whatever shall be required

to enable any such sales, enfranchisements, mortgages, or grants

as aforesaid : provided always, that no such sale, mortgage, en-

franchisement, or grant, shall be valid and effectual unless two

at least of the said commissioners shall certify their consent

thereto and approbation thereof, by signing and fealing the deed

of sale, enfranchisement, mortgage or grant as parties thereto.

The govern-

ors of the

LXXVII. And be it further enacted , That it shall be lawful charity for

for the governors of the charity for the relief of the poor widows the relief of

and children of clergymen, with the consent and under the di- the widows

and children

rection and authority of the said last-mentioned commissioners, anclergymen ,

to sell and dispose of any manors, messuages, lands, tenements, with the

or hereditaments , given to them by any will, either generally consent of the

for the relief of such poor widows or children as aforesaid , or said commif-

* subject to any qualifications or restrictions as to the mode offioners, may

fell lands

applying such relief , in the extent of the allowance to be made given by will ,

to individuals, and to apply the money arising by such sale or for redeeming

sales for the purpose of redeeming land-tax charged on any the land- tax

other manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments onother lands

vested in such governors for the purposes of their charity. vested in

them.

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That where the land- Where the

tax charged upon the glebe lands, tythes, or other profits of any land-tax on

☑ living or livings in the patronage of any college, cathedral anyglebe, &c.

church, hall, or house of learning, in either of the universities ofof any living belonging to

Oxford and Cambridge, or in the patronage of either of the col- colleges, &c.

leges of Eton or Winchester, or of any trustee or trustees for any shall be re-

such college, cathedral church, hall, or house of learning, or indeemed, it

the patronage of any other corporation aggregate, shall have maybepro-

vided forby

been , or shall be redeemed by or on the behalf of any such col-sale of any

lege , cathedral church, hall, or house of learning, or by any such landsbelong.

corporation aggregate, by virtue of any of the provisions of the ing thereto,

said recited acts or of this act, it shall be lawful for any such or grant of a

rent charge;

college, cathedral church, hall, or house oflearning, or for any but suchcol .

such trustee or trustees thereof respectively as aforesaid, or for lege, &c. shall

any such corporation aggregate, to provide for such redemption be entitled

to a rent

by sale of any lands, tenements, or hereditaments belonging to charge out of

such corporations respectively, or by the grant of any rent charge the living,

which they could or might respectively lawfully make, for the unless it be

redemption of any land-tax charged on the lands belonging declared

to such corporations, and the land -tax so redeemed shall be otherwise at

the time offorthwith extinguished ; but every such college , cathedral church, presentation.

hall , or house of learning respectively, or such corporation

aggregate, shall nevertheless be entitled to an annual rent charge issuing

976Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. c. 116. [1802.

issuing out of such living , equivalent to the amount of the land-

tax redeemed, unless it shall be declared in writing under the

commonfeal of the body or bodies having such right ofpatronage

or nomination, at the time of presenting or nominating any

clerk or clerks to such living or livings, that such rent charge

shall be suspended during his or their incumbency or respective

incumbencies, which declaration the body or bodies entitled to

nominate to such living or livings shall from time to time be

competent to make: provided always, that such suspension shall

be without prejudice to the right of the said body or bodies

respectively, to recover such rent charge after the next or any

future avoidance : provided also , that any declaration made by

any such body at the time of redeeming the said land-tax, shall

be as available during the incumbency of the then rector, vicar ,

Whereany

or curate, as if it had been made at the time of his being pre-

rector shall

ferred to such living.

be entitled

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That where any ecclefi-

to thepa-

tronageof

astical rector shall, in right of his rectory , be entitled to the

any vicarage

patronage or donation of or to any vicarage or perpetual curacy,

orperpetual curacy , and

and there shall not be any glebe land belonging to such vicarage

or perpetual curacy which shall be eligible or proper to be fold

the land- tax

on theglebe,

for the purpose of redeeming the land-tax chafged on the glebe

&c. shall be

lands, tythes, or other profits thereof , and such land - tax shall

redeemedby

have been or shall be redeemed byfuch ecclesiastical rector, then

him , he may

and in such case it shall be lawful for such ecclesiastical rector,

provide for

such redemp-

whether he shall be also incumbent of the vicarage or perpetual

tion byfale

curacy , or not, to provide for the redemption of such land-tax

of part of the by sale ofpart of the glebe lands belonging to such rectory, in

glebebelong- the same manner in all respects as he could or might provide for

ing to the rec- the redemption of the land- tax charged on the glebe lands,

tory ;butthe incumbent of tythes, or other profits thereof , and the land- tax fo redeemed

the rectory,

shall be forthwith extinguished ; but whenever and so long as

whennot

such rectory and vicarage or perpetual curacy respectively, shall

holding the vicarage , &c .

be held by different incumbents, the incumbent for the time

shall be eu-

being of such ecclesiastical rectory shall be entitled to an annual

titled to an

rent charge, issuing out of the vicarage or perpetual curacy ,

annual rent

equivalent to the amount of the land-tax charged thereon at the

charge out

of thevi-

time of such redemption as aforesaid.

carage .

LXXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted , That no

Mines, &c .

mines or minerals, or seams or veins of coal, metals, or other

shall notpass

profits of the like nature belonging to any manors, messuages ,

byconvey-

lands, tenements , or hereditaments, which shall be fold by any

ance of land

bishop or other ecclesiastical corporation aforesaid, for the purpose

fold; nor ad- of redeeming any land-tax, whether the fame shall be opened of

vowfons, &c.

thoughap- pendant to

unopened, nor any right , title , or claim to open or work the

same; nor any advowson or right of patronage or presentation

theland .

to any living or ecclesiastical benefice, or right ofnomination

to any perpetual curacy, shall pass by any conveyance of such

manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, either

by express or general words in such conveyance , although such

advowson, right of patronage or presentation , or nomination ,

may

1

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. C. 116. 977

Π

may be appendant or appurtenant to such manors, messuages,

lands, tenements, or hereditaments ; andsuch mines or minerals,

seams or veins of coal, metal, or other profits aforesaid, together

with all proper and necessary powers for opening and working

the fame , and such advowsons, rights of patronage or prefen-

tation, or nomination, shall be always absolutely excepted and

reserved to such bishops or other ecclesiastical corporations

aforesaid, as fully and effectually, to all intents and purposes, as

if the fame were in such conveyance expressly excepted and

reserved.

Nodeed under-

- LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That no deed or instru- authority of

ment whatever, whereby any sale, enfranchisement, mortgage, or the last -men-

grant shall be made of or out of anymanors , messuages, lands,

tioned com-

tenements, or hereditaments, under the authority of the said missioners,

shall be liable

last-mentioned commissioners, by virtue of this act , shall be to stamp-

liable to any stamp-duty whatever. duty.

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That where any manors, Where any

ام ام

messuages, lands, tenements, or other hereditaments, of or be- lands belong-

longing to anybodies politick or corporate, or companies, or ing to corpo-

rations, &c .

feoffees or trustees for charitable or other publick purposes, shall be fold ,

which shall be fold by virtue of this act, shall be, either exclu- which are

fively or in common with other manors, messuages, lands, te- subject to any

nements, hereditaments, subject to or charged with any yearly charge, the

said commif-

fum or fums, stipend or stipends, or other profit or emolument , fioners shall

to or for the ufse of any rector , vicar, curate, or other person or direct how

persons, it shall be lawful for the said last-mentioned commif- the same shall

fioners to direct how and in what manner and proportions, and be paid in

future..

out of what part or parts of the manors, messuages, lands, tene-

ments, or hereditaments originally liable thereto, such fum or

fums, stipend or stipends, or other profits or emoluments as

aforesaid, or any specifick part or parts thereof , shall respectively

be paid or borne in future : and in every such cafe and from

thenceforth, the manors, messuages, lands, tenements, orotherhe-

reditaments, or such specifick partor parts thereof , by or out of

which the same shall be so directed to be paid or borne, shall be

exclusively subject thereto, and to such powers and remedies for

- the recovery thereof , as the law has provided for the recovery of

rent reserved on leases.

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That where part only Where part of

ofdivers manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments lands usually

demised toge-

which may have been usually demised together by any such ther by cor-

bodies politick or corporate, or companies, or feoffees or trustees porations, &c.

for charitable or other publick purposes, by one lease upon which upon which

an entire ancient and accustomed rent or rents hath or have an ancient

rent has been

been reserved or made payable, shall be fold for any of the pur- reserved, shall

poses of this act, it shall be lawful for the said last-mentioned be fold, the

commissioners to apportion such ancient rent or rents, and to said commif-

fettle and adjust the proportion thereof , which shall from thence- fioners thall

*fettle how it

forth be paid or payable in respect of such of the manors and shall be paid

other hereditaments comprized in the said lease , which shall in future.

be fold for the purposes aforesaid, or to settle out of which part

VOL. XLIII. RRR or

978 Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. c. 116. [ 1802.

or parts of the manors, messuages, lands, tenements, os heredi-

taments liable thereto, the whole of such rent or rents (if the

nature of the reservation will not admit of apportionment) shall

be reserved or paid in future ; and in all leases which shall there-

after be granted of such last-mentioned manors and other he-

reditaments, the sum, or other article or thing which shall have

been so settled and apportioned, shall be the rent to be reserved

thereon ; any law to the contrary notwithstanding.

The commif-

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That where any bodies

fioners shall

politick or corporate, or companies, or feoffees or trustees for

adjust all questions be- charitable or other publick purposes, shall enfranchise any copy-

tweencorpo- hold or customary messuages, lands, tenements, orhereditaments,

rations, &c . which are or shall be holden of any manor belonging to them

and their lef- which shall be under lease , it shall be lawful for the said last-

fees, with respect to en- mentioned commissioners to settle and adjust all questions that

franchisement may arise between any such bodies politick or corporate, and

oflands.

companies, and feoffees or trustees for charitable and other

publick purposes, enfranchising as last-mentioned, and his or

their lessee or lessees, or any cestuique trust of such lesfee or lessees,

touching or concerning any such enfranchisement , and to order

anddirect a recompence to be reserved out of the purchase money to

such lessee or lessees, and such person or persons, if any, as shall or

maybe interested or entitled as cestuique trusts or otherwise under

such lessee or lessees, for any loss or injury that mayoccur to

him, her , or them, by any such enfranchisement as aforesaid.

Where the

LXXXV. And be it further enacted, That where the re-

reversion of

version of any manors, messuages, lands , tenements, or other he-

lands holden corporation,

reditaments holden under any body politick or corporate , or

under

company , or any feoffees or trustees for charitable or other

& c.by lease

publick purposes, by virtue of any lease for one or more life or

orcopy of

lives, or for years absolute or determinable on the dropping of

court roll

one or more life or lives, or by copy of court roll or customary

& c. shall be purchased by

tenure for life of lives , shall be purchased under the powers of

thepersons this act , by or with the proper monies of the person or persons

beneficially for the time being beneficially entitled to the rents and profits

entitled to thethereof , and where such lease or leases shall be subject to any

profits, who

thall beboundwill or settlement , so that such person or persons shall not, at

to renew at the time of purchasing the said reversion thereof , be entitled to

their own the absolute interest under such lease or leases, and such person

charge , the or persons shall be bound by any covenant, engagement, or

interests underthe lease condition , to renew the lease at the accustomed periods, with

aswell as the his, her, or their own monies, or with or out of the rents and

reversion

profits of the estate, then and in every such cafe the immediate

thall, under estates and interests under such subsisting lease or leases , as

the directions

of the said well as the reversion expectant thereon, shall , under the di-

commission- rection of the said last- mentioned commissioners, be charged

ers bemade with and made subject to the repayment of the principal

chargeable money advanced for the purchase of such reversion, with lawful

with the mo-

ney advanced interest, to or for the benefit of the person or persons advancing

and the in-

the fame, his, her, or their executors, administrators, or assigns ;

terest ; but if but if the person or persons so for the time being beneficially

not fo bound ,

entitled

I

1

1

1

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III . C. 116. 979

entitled to the rents and profits of the estates comprizedthe reversion

in such subsisting lease or leases as aforesaid, shall not be liable only shall be

to any covenant, engagement, or condition, to renew theunless the

chargeable ,

lease at the accustomed periods with his or her own monies, persons ad-

or with or out of the rents and profits of the estate, then and invancing the

such case the reversion only expectant on the subsisting lease or money thall

be desirous of

leases, shall , under such direction as aforesaid, be charged and the subsisting

made subject for the benefit of such person or persons, with the lease being

payment of the principal money advanced for the purchase also made

thereof , together with lawful interest, to accumulate from the chargeable.

time of such purchase till the expiration of the subsisting lease,

after deducting out of such interest the annual rent (if any)

which shall be payable during the lease , and which shall have

been purchased with the reversion, unless the person or persons

advancing such money shall be desirous that the fame , together

with the interest, may be made a charge on the subsisting lease

or leases , in which cafe the immediate estates and interests under

the fame, as well as the reversion expectant thereon, shall be

charged and made subject to the payment of such principal

money and interest, in like manner as if such person or persons

had been bound to renew the lease ; and subject to such charges

so to be made respectively as aforesaid, the fee-simple of such

manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or other hereditaments,

shall be settled, under the like direction, for the benefit of the

person or persons so purchasing the same, and of such otherWhere the

persons as would have been entitled under such will or settle- immediate

ment to the benefit of any renewed lease or leases for the time estates under

being , and so as to be enjoyed by them for such respective any such

estates and interests, as, considering the alteration of the tenure, lease thall be

shall appear to the said commissioners most correspondent with charged with

thepayment

the intention of such will or settlement: provided always, that of the money

where the immediate estates or interests under any such lease or advanced for

leases shall be charged with and made subject to the payment of the reversion ,

thepersons

the principal money advanced for the purchase of the reversion, entitledon

the persons successively entitled to the rents and profits of the the rents

manors, messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments com- shall be

prized in the subsisting lease or leases respectively, shall be made chargeable

chargeable with the interest accruing during his or her estate with the interest, but not

therein, and that no greater arrear than for one year shall be for more than

recoverable against any person who shall become entitled in re- one year

mainder for interest accrued during the estate or term of any prior to their

person or person entitled to any preceding estate or interest in becoming fo

entitled .

the premises : provided also, that it shall be lawful for the said The commif-

commissioners to direct an application to be made to the court fioners may

of chancery in a summary way, for obtaining direction as to the direct an ap-

mode ofsettling any such reversion, or the equity of redemption plication to

thereof , where the case shall appear to them to be attended with the chancery

difficulty.

incafes of

difficulty .

LXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful Corporations,

for any bodies politick or corporate or companies, or feoffees or &c. by autho-

trustees for charitable or other publick purposes , by and under rity of the

RRR2

the saidcom-

1

980 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 116. [1801.

missioners, the direction and authority of the said last -mentioned commil-

with their

may contract fioners, to contract and agree with their respective lessees and

leflees , &c. tenants holding under anydemise by copy ofcourt roll or other-

who have wife, who shall , under the powers contained in the said recited

redeemed acts, or any of them, or of this act, have redeemed the land - tax

their land- charged on the manors, or other hereditaments comprized in such

tax , for an

alligament demises respectively, for an afsignment to such bodies politick or

thereof , and corporate, or companies, or feoffees or trustees for charitable or

mayfell lands other publick purposes, of the land-tax which shall have been

to raise mo- so redeeined by their respective leflees or tenants ; and for the

ney for that

purpose ; and purpose of completing the purchase of such assignment , it shall

if any money be lawful to carry into execution all and every or any of the

shall be in the powers which, under and by virtue of this act, are or shall be

Bank or any vested in them for raising money by sale of any manors or other

stock invested

in the names hereditaments for the purpose of redeeming any land-tax in the

of the com-

first instance : provided always, that if any monies shall be then

missioners for remaining in the bank of England , or any stock shall be then

the reduc-

invested in the names of the commissioners for the reduction of

tion of the

national debt the national debt, which shall have arisen from any sale or sales

arisen from before made by any such body politick or corporate, or com-

sales made by pany, or feoffees or trustees for charitable or other publick

such corpora- purposes, contracting for the purchase of such assignment , and

tions, &c. which shall

which shall not have been applied to the redemption of any

not have been land-tax, it shall be lawful for the said commissioners under the

applied for great seal, or any two or more of them, to order and direct that

redemption the consideration agreed to be paid or transferred for such purchase

of land -tax,

itmay be ap-

thall be paid or transferred out of such monies or stock respec-

pliedfor pur . tively; and the governor and company of the bank of England,

chafe of such and such commissioners for the reduction of the national debt

assignment. respectively, are hereby authorised and required, upon certificate

of such order, signed by any two or more of the said commil-

fioners under the great seal, to pay or transfer to the person or

persons afsigning such land-tax, the money or stock specified in

such certificate ; and the receipt or receipts of such person of

persons shall be a sufficient discharge for such money or stock .

Where the

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That where any

money arising

from sale of

manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments belong-

lands- be- ing to any bodies politick or corporate, or companies, or feoffees

longing to any or trustees for charitable or other publick purposes, shall be fold

corporations, to raise money for the redemption ofland -tax, and it shall after-

&c. shall bein- wards appear that the money arising from such sale or sales thall

sufficient to

redeem the not be sufficient to redeem the whole of the land-tax charged

whole of the on the manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments

Jand -tax ,

belonging to such bodies politick or corporate, or companies, of

the Bank may

feoffees or trustees for charitable or other publick purposes, and

receive mo-

ney to make

such bodies politick or corporate, or companies, or feoffees of

up the de-

trustees for charitable or other publick purposes, shall be willing

ficiency.

and desirous to pay into the bank such further fum or fums as

may be necessary to make up the whole of the money requisite to

redeem such land- tax, then it shall be lawful for the cashier of

cashiers of the bank of England, and they are hereby required , to

give

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. C. 116. 981

give a receipt or receipts for all such sum or sums as maybe

offered to be paid to them, to make up such deficiencies, and to

applysuch monies for the purpose ofcompleting such redemption.

LXXXVIII . And be it further enacted, That where the Land-tax re

land-tax charged on any manors, messuages, lands, tenements , deemed by

or hereditaments belonging to any bishop or other ecclesiastical bishops, &c.

shall be con.

corporation, shall have been or shall be redeemed by such bishop fidered as an

= or ecclesiastical corporation, with any monies which shall have additional

= been or shall be raised for that purpose, by virtue of any of the yearly rent

powers or provisions of the said recited acts or of this act, such on the present

and future

land-tax shall be considered as yearly rent, payable to such demises .

- bishop or other ecclesiastical corporation, his and their fuccessors ,

- over and above the reserved rent (if any), during the demise

existing at the time of such sale, and shall be recovered and paid

as such ; and the land- tax so redeemed shall, in all future demifes

of such manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments,

be added to the ancient and accustomed yearly rent reserved or

_ made payable during the terms granted by such demises, and shall

be reserved and made payable as such accustomed yearly rent

during the terms to be granted as aforesaid, and shall be recover-

-ed and recoverable as such accustomed rent, by the like reme-

- dies as such bishops or other ecclesiastical corporations may

ufe for the recovery of the ancient and accustomed rent reserved

upon such demites ; and where such manors, messuages, lands,

tenements, or hereditaments shall be demised to any under lessee,

who shall be bound by any covenant or agreement to pay the

land -tax charged thereon, then and in such cafe the amount of

such land-tax shall be considered as rent reserved or made paya-

ble on such .last-mentioned demise; and the fame powers shall

be had, used, or enjoyed, for the recovery thereof , as for the

recovery of such rent when in arrear.

LXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That where any land. Land.tax redeemed by

tax chargeable on any manors, messuages, lands , tenements, or corporations,

hereditaments, which are or shall be holden by copy of court &c. on copy

roll or other customary tenure, of any manor or manors belong- hold or culto-

ing to any body politick or corporate, or company , or any feof- mary lands

heldby lease,

fees or trustees for charitable or other publick purposes as afore- shall be con-

said, by virtue of any lease or leases, shall have been or shall fidered as rent

be redeemed by any such body politick or corporate, or com- reservedthere-

pany , or feoffees or trustees for charitable or other publick pur- out.

poses, under the powers contained in any of the said recited

acts or this act, the amount of the land-tax so redeemed or

purchased shall be considered as rent reserved to such body

politick or corporate, or company, or such feoffees or trustees

for charitable or other publick purposes as aforesaid, out of such

copyhold or customary manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or

hereditaments, and be payable on the fame days as such land-

tax was payable before the redemption thereof ; and the same

powers shall be had, used, and enjoyed for the recovery thereof ,

as for the recovery of rent in arrear.

XC . And be it further enacted, That if any farm and lands, The whole of

RRR3 landsusually

tene- occupied to

982 Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. c. 116. [1802,

gethermaybe tenements, or hereditaments usually occupied together, shall be

fold with the proposed tobe fold under the provisions of this act, which shall

consent of

thepersons first entitled

be more than sufficient for the purpose ofredeeming the land-

tax ; and in case it shall appear, to the satisfaction of the respec-

inremainder,

tive commissioners under whose authority such sale is to be

byauthority

made , that such farm and lands , tenements, or hereditaments

of thecom-

missioners.

cannot be divided, in order that an adequate part thereof may

be fold without loss to the parties interested, and (in cases of

sales by any person or persons other than bodies politick or cor.

porate, or companies, or feoffees, or trustees for charitable or

other publick purposes) , if the person or persons who shall be

entitled to the first or next beneficial estate in remainder , reversion, or expectancy, being offull age, shall consent and agree

to the sale of the whole of such farm and lands, tenements, or

hereditaments so proposed to be fold , on the terms and under

the restrictions herein mentioned, it shall be lawful in such

cafe for such respective commissioners to direct and authorise !

the sale of the whole of such farm and lands , tenements, or he-

reditaments , in the manner directed by this act .

Where per-

XCI . And be it further enacted, That where any bodies

fons redeem

politick or corporate, or companies, or any feoffees or trustees

by any other

for charitable or other publick purposes, or other person or per-

means thanby

fons, shall have redeemed or shall redeem their , his, or her land-

sale , mort-

tax, by or out of their, his, or her own personal estate, or by or

gage, or

grant , and

out of any trust property applicable to such redemption , by vir-

where entitled

tue of the said recited acts or of this act, or by any other means

to demand an

than by sale, mortgage, or grant made or to be made under the

assignment of any land-

provisions of the said recited acts or of this act, and also where

any such bodies politick or corporate, or companies, or feoffees

tax , &c . they

mayraise mo-

ortrustees for charitable or other publick purposes, or other per-

neyinthe

fon or persons, shall be entitled, under any of the provisions of

famewayas

the said recited acts, to demand an assignment of any land - tax

theycould

upon the determination of any precedent estate ( in cases ofcon-

the first in-

have done in tracts already entered into by virtue of the said acts, wherein an

stance ; as also

option shall have been declared as therein is mentioned), or shail

to pay off moneybor-

agree under the provisions of this act with the executors orad-

rowed on

ministrators of any person dying before the transfer or payment of

mortgage or

all the instalments to be transferred or paid upon any contract

grant .

entered into by him or her, to take an assignment of such contract for the purpose ofcompleting the same, it shall be lawful for

all and every such bodies politick and corporate, and companies ,

and feoffees or trustees for charitable and other publick purposes,

and other person or persons , either for the purpose of reimbursing

all stock (in cases where the original consideration for the

redemption of any such land-tax shall have been in stock ) , and

for reimbursing all sums of money (in cases where the original

consideration for such redemption shall have been in money ) ,

which shall respectively have been before transferred , laid out, or

applied in the redemption of such land-tax, or for the purpose of

raising money to purchase any such assignment of land-tax, or for

the purpose of railing money aswell to purchase the assignment

of

S

3

1

1

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. c. 116. 983

of any contract not completed, as to complete the instalments

remaining due thereon as aforesaid , to carry into execution all

and every or any of the powers by this act given, in order to

raise moneyby sale , mortgage, or grant, for the redemption of

land-tax , in such and the same manner, and under and subject to

such and the same rules, restrictions, and regulations in all respects, as such bodies politick or corporate, or companies, or

feoffees or trustees for charitable or other publick purposes, or

other person or persons, would have been authorised by this act

to carry into execution the fame powers for the purpose of

redeeming any land-tax in the first instance ; and where any such

bodies politick or corporate, or companies, or feoffees or trustees

for charitable or other publick purposes, or other person or per-

fons, shall have redeemed or shall redeem any such land-tax, by

and out of any monies which shall have arisen or been produced,

or shall arise and be produced, by any mortgage or grant which

shall have been or shall be made by virtue of the said recited acts

or of this act, it shall also be lawful, for the purpose of paying off

anysums borrowed onthat account, to carryinto execution all and

every or any of the powers by this act given , in order to raise

moneyby sale for the redemption of land -tax , in such and the

same manner, and under and subject to such and the same rules,

restrictions, and regulations in all respects, as such bodies politick

or corporate, or companies, or feoffees or trustees for charitable

or other publick purposes, or other person or persons, would have

been authorised by this act to carry into execution the fame

powers for the purpose of redeeming any land-tax in the first

instance.

XCII. And be it further enacted , That where any deduction Where any

or allowance shall have been , or shall be made or allowed out ofallowance

any fee farm or other rents or annuities issuing or payable out of shall be made

outof any fee-

anymanors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, to or farm or other

for the benefit of any bodies politick or corporate, or companies, rentsinrespect

or feoffees or trustees for charitable or other publick purposes, or of the land-

other person or persons, in respect of the land-tax charged or tax, they may

befold , fub-

which shall have been charged on such manors, messuages, lands, ject tofuch

tenements, or hereditaments, it shall be lawful for such bodies allowance.

politick or corporate, or companies, or feoffees or trustees for

charitable or other publick purposes, or other person or persons

tofell such fee-farm or other rents or annuities, for the purposes,

and according to the provisions and under the restrictions of this

act, subject to such deduction or allowance, and whether the

land - tax charged on the manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or

hereditaments out of which the same shall be issuing or payable,

shall have been or shall be redeemed at the time of such sale or

not, and although the purchase monies for the same shall, in the

judgement of the respective commissioners authorising and ap-

proving of or consenting to such sale, be sufficient to redeem so

much land-tax only as shall be equal to the amount of the clear

fee -farm or other rent or annuity , after making such deduction

or allowance as aforesaid ; and every such fee-farm or other rent

RRR4 or

984. Annoregni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III.C. 116. [ 1802.

or annuity shall thenceforth be freed and exonerated from land-

tax , and all future assessments thereof , and also from all deduc-

tions or allowances thereout in respect of land-tax, other than and

except such deduction or allowance as shall have been made or

1

allowed at the time of such sale.

Two months

XCIII. And be it further enacted, That where the fee simple

notice of the and inheritance of any manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or

intention to

fell anyleafe. hereditaments, holden under anybeneficial lease or leases, or by

holdor copy . copy ofcourt roll, as herein-before is mentioned, shall be proposed

hold lands

to be fold by virtue of his act, two calendar months noticeoffuch

shall be given intended sale shall be given by the body politick or corporate, or

to theperion beneficially company , or other person or persons proposing to sell the same,

interested

to the person or persons, for the time being, beneficially interested

therein ,dur-

therein, under the subsisting lease or leases, or copy or copies of

in which period he shall

court roll thereof , or to his, her, or their committee or com-

have the pre-

mittees in cases of lunacy, or guardian or guardians in cafes of

emption , as

infancy, or in any other cases of incapacity to the trustee or

shall one co-

trustees, or other person or persons having authority to act

parcener, on

the refusal of

for such person or persons incapable of acting for themselves ;

the others ;

during which period of two months the person and persons

and if the

so beneficially interested, or his, her, or their committee or com-

priceoffered mittees, guardian or guardians , trustee or trustees, or other per-

shall not be fon or persons, having authority to act for him, her, or them, on

accepted, the

lands thallnothis, her , or their behalf , shall be entitled to contract for the

be fold at a purchase thereof in preference to any other person or persons ;

reduced price and any one coparcener, or joint tenant or tenant in common,

till after two beneficially interested as aforesaid , shall have the like privilege of

months fur-

ther notice , pre-emption , in respect of the whole of the estate comprized in

unless the pri- any such lease or grant , by copy of court roll, on the refusal of

vilege ofpre- any other coparcener, joint tenant or tenant incommon, to con-

emption be

waved .

tract for the purchase of their respective shares ; and such manors,

messuages , lands, tenements, or hereditaments, shall not be fold

to any other person or persons till after the expiration of such

notice, unless the person or persons having the privilege ofpre-

emption on behalfof themselves or others, shall ,by writing under

his, her, or their hand or hands, wave the same; in which cale

such fee simple and inheritance may be fold to any other per-

fon or persons at any time before the expiration of such notice:

provided always, that when anyprice shall have been offered for the

purchase of any such manors, ineffuages, lands, tenements , or

hereditaments, by any person or persons having such privilege

ofpre-emption as aforesaid , which shall not be accepted by the

body politick or corporate, company, or other person or

persons proposing to sell the same, such -manors, messuages,

Jands, tenements, or hereditaments shall not at any time after-

wards be fold to any other person or persons for a less price than

the price so offered by the person or persons having such privilege

of pre-emption as aforesaid, till after the expiration of two ca-

lendar months further notice given to such last - mentioned person

or persons, of the sale proposed to be made at such reduced price

( and which further notice is hereby required to be given in every

such cafe ), during which further period such person or persons

Thall

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III.C. 116.985

shall have the like privilege of pre- emption as aforesaid, of such

manors , messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, at such

reduced price: provided also, that if such person or persons shall

wave such privilege of pre-emption in manner aforesaid, such

manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments may be

fold to any other person or persons at such reduced price, at any

time before the expiration of such period : provided also, that every

such notice to any committee of any lunatick, or any guardian of

any infant, or any other person having authority to act for any

incapacitated person, shall be as valid and effectual to enable the

sale of such manors, messuages, lands, tenements , or heredita-

-ments, to any person or persons not having any interest in the

subsisting lease or grant thereof , after the expiration of such no-

tice (or sooner in case of the waver of the privilege of pre-

emption by any such committee, guardian, or other person or

- persons having authority to act as aforesaid) , as if such notice or

waver had been given or made to or by any person or persons of

capacity by law to act for themselves.

XCIV. And be it further enacted, That no sale or mortgage Sale or mort-

of any copyhold or customary messuages, lands, tenements, orgage ofcopy-

hereditaments, by virtue of his act, shall extend or be construed hold or cuf-

to extend in anywise to prejudice or affect the right of any lord tomary lands

not affect

3

or lords, lady or ladies, of any manor of which the fame may be theright of the

holden, to such fine or fines as shall have been usual and ac- lord of the

customed, and of right ought to be yielded and paid to such lordmanor to

or lords, lady or ladies, upon any alienation of and admittance to

fines,&c. *

such copyhold or customary messuages, lands, tenements, or

hereditaments, nor to authorise any purchaser or mortgagee of

any such copyhold or customary messuages, lands, tenements, or

hereditaments, to enter and take any rents or profits thereof by

virtue of this act, until such fine or fines shall have been duly

paid: provided always, that upon the production of the deed of

sale or mortgage, and upon the payment or tender of such fine

or fines as aforesaid, the lord or lords, lady or ladies, for the time

being, of any such manor, shall , at the next or some subsequent

court to be holden for such manor, upon the request of the purchaser or mortgagee of any such copyhold or customary messuages,

lands, tenements or hereditaments, not only grant the same to

him, her, or them, by copy of court roll, for such estate or in-

1

terest as shall be fold or conveyed, reserving the usual and

accustomed rents, customs , and services, but shall also at the

fame court admit him, her , or them, tenant or tenants of the

same copyhold or customary lands or tenements, as other copy-

holders of the same manors have been wont to be admitted, and

to receive his, her, or their fealty accordingly.

XCV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no No more of

other or greater quantity of any estate ( except in the case herein- an estate (ex-

'before mentioned) ,shall be fold by virtue of this act, than what cept in a certain caf cafe ) shall

shall appear to the respective commissioners under whose authority be fold , nor

the sale shall be made, eligible and necessary to be fold for the more money

purposes thereof; and no more money shall be raised by any such raised than

shall appear to

sale , the commif

986 Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. c. 116. [1802.

fioners necef- sale , or by any mortgage or grant of any rent charge to be made

saryfor re- deeming the

by virtue of the powers and provisions of this act, than what shall

land- tax ,

appear to such respective commissioners sufficient for the purpose

and paying

ofredeeming the land-tax proposed to be redeemed, and also for

expences.

the purpose ofpaying and satisfying the costs and expences which

the bodies politick or corporate, or comparies, or feoffees, or

trustees for charitable or other publick purposes , or other person

or persons making any such sale , mortgage, or grant, shall incur

on account thereof; and it shall be lawful for the respective commissioners under whose authority any such sale, mortgage, or

grant shall be made, and also for any courts, where the authority

of such courts is requisite to such sale, mortgage, or grant, to

order and direct that such costs and expences shall, in the first

instance, be paid and satisfied out of the monies to arise therefrom ,

or that so much thereof as they shall deem sufficient shall be re-

served for that purpose; and the order or direction of such respec.

tive commissioners or of such courts respectively shall be a

sufficient discharge for so much of the said monies as shall be

paid by any purchasers, mortgagees, or grantees in pursuance

thereof .

Nolands

XCVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no

shall be fold, manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, shall be

mortgaged , fold, mortgaged , or charged by virtue of this act , if the bodies

orcharged ,

ifthe person politick or corporate, or companies , or other person or persons

nextbenefi- who shall be beneficially entitled to the first or next beneficial

cially entitled estate in remainder, reversion, or expectancy therein (if any such

shall, within shall be), or the guardian or guardians of any such person or

amonth after.

notice given persons in cases of infancy , or committee or committees of his ,

tohim of

her or their estates in cases oflunacy, shall, within one calendar

making such

month after notice in writing shall be given to him, her or them ,

sale, &c .

by the bodies politick or corporate, or companies or other per-

agree to re-

deemthe

fon or persons desirous of making such sale , mortgage, or

land-tax,

grant ( which notice they are hereby required to give in every

which he

such cafe), propose and agree to redeem the land -tax , for the

shall thenbe redemption of which such sale , mortgage, or charge, was pro-

bound to complete .

posed to be made; and which land-tax any such guardians or

committees are hereby authorised and empowered to redeem,

out of anymonies or personal property belonging to any infants

or lunaticks, for whom they shall be guardians or committees

respectively; andin every such casethe contract for the redemption

of such land-tax thall be made in the name of , or be assigned to

the body politick or corporate, or company, or other person or

persons so beneficially entitled in remainder, reversion, or ex

pectancy as aforesaid, who shall be bound to complete the fame ,

and have and enjoy all benefits and advantages arising therefrom,

as other persons in remainder or reversion redeeming anyland-

tax are by this act entitled to have and enjoy : provided always,

that no such notice as last aforesaid shall be required to enable

any sale , mortgage, or grant, by virtue of this act , in cales

where the persons desirous of making such sale, mortgage , or

grant , shall be the guardian or committee, or thehusband

of the

person

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 116. 987

* person or persons beneficially entitled to the first or next beneficial estate in remainder as aforesaid .

८

XCVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted , That it Where a part

of estate

d

shall be lawful for any body politic or corporate, or company ,it ingland

or other person or persons interested in remainder , reversion , or shall bepro-

expectancy , in any estate in England , of which any part shall posedto be

be proposed to be so fold or mortgaged by virtue of this act , or fold or mort.

for the guardians, committees, or trustees of any such person gaged, rever-

fioners ag-

or persons who shall be aggrieved by such intended sale or grieved may

mortgage, or conceive themselves so to be , at any time before apply ply to the

such estate shall have actually been conveyed by way of sale or court of

mortgage, to present a petition to the high court of chancery, chancery,

which court shall have power, in a summary way, to make such who mayfuf-

pend the

order respecting the suspension of or proceeding in such sale or proceeding,

mortgage, or for the sale or mortgage of any other part of the and order

estate in question, as well as for the payment of any costs oc- payment of

cafioned by such petition, as such court shall think fit.

costs.

XCVIII. And be it further enacted , That all and every fum Moneyarifing

and sums of money to arise by virtue of any sale , mortgage, or from sale, &c.

grant, to be made in pursuance of this act (except such part into the shall bepaid

thereof , if any, which shall have been reserved under the order bank to the

and direction of the respective commissioners authorising the account of

sale , mortgage, or grant, for the purpose of paying costs and the commif- fioners for

expences incurredtherein ,andexcept incases where the payment reducing the

thereof is otherwise authorised or directed by this act), shall be national

paid by the respective purchasers, mortgagees, or grantees, into debt, and

the bank of England; and thereupon the governor and com- invested in . '

pany of the bank of England are hereby required to place the the 3 per

cents. and

same to the account of the commissioners for the reduction of the cashier's

the national debt, under the title of An Account of the Sale of the receipt shall

Land- Tax, who shall keep distinct accounts thereof , and cause be adif-

the same to be forthwith invested in the purchase of three pounds charge, and

the persons

per centum bank annuities, in their names, according to the whose land .

directions of this act , whether the contract or contracts for the tax shall be

redemption of the land- tax to be redeemed therewith, or the redeemed

deed of sale, mortgage, or grant, shall have been completed or shall be

exonerated

not; and the cashiers of the bank are hereby required from time therefrom,

totime to receive all such monies whentendered at the bank ; and as they would

the receipt of such cashiers, or any one of them , shall be a full have been if

and sufficient discharge to the several purchasers, mortgagees, or theyhad

grantees paying in such monies as aforesaid; and the bodies transferred

stock .politick or corporate, or companies, or other person or persons

whose land-tax shall have been or shall be redeemed therewith,

shall, upon the production of the certificate of the contract or

contracts for the redemption of such land-tax, be entitled to

have and receive the same certificates and discharges , and their,

his, or her estate shall be exonerated and discharged from such

land-tax, in the same manner in all respects as if the quantity

ofthree pounds per centum bank annuities to be purchased with

such monies had been actually transferred by them, him, or

her ,

988 Annoregni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. C. 116. [1802.

her , to the said commissioners, as the consideration for the re-

With the

demption of such land-tax.

consent of

XCIX. And be it further enacted, That where any manors,

the commif- fioners,

messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments shall be fold by

virtue of this act for the purpose of redeeming any land- tax , it

agreement maybemade

shall be lawful for the bodies politick or corporate, or companies ,

with the pur-

or feoffees, or trustees for charitable or other publick purposes,

chafers of

or other person or persons making such sale (with the consent

lands, that

and approbation of the respective commissioners under whose

the confide- ration shall

authority the same shall be made), to agree with the purchaser

be in the

or purchasers of such manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or

3per cents. hereditaments, that the consideration for the purchase of the

transferredto same shall be in the three pounds per centum consolidated, or in

the commif- the three pounds per centum reduced bank annuities, to be transf-

fioners for

reducing the ferred by such purchaser or purchasers to the commissioners for

nationaldebt the reduction of the national debt, in lieu of lawful money of

instead of

Great Britain , to be paid into the bank of Englandin the manner

money, &c.

herein-before directed; and the commissioners for the reduction

of the national debt are hereby required to accept and receive

the transfer of such three pounds per centum bank annuities ;

and the certificate of any of the cashiers of the bank of England ,

acknowledging such transfer, shall be as effectual adischarge to

۱

the respective purchasers transferring such stock , as if the consideration for such purchase had been in lawful money of Great

Britain , and paid into the bank of England in manner herein-

before directed ; and the bodies politick or corporate, or companies or feoffees, or trustees for charitable or other publick

purposes, or other person or persons, whose land-tax shall have

been redeemed therewith, shall be entitled to the fame certificates and discharges ; and their, his, or her estate shall be ex-

onerated and discharged from such land-tax in the same manner

in all respects as if such bank annuities had been actually tranf-

ferred by them, him, or her, as the consideration for the re-

demption of such land-tax.

Where there

C. And be it further enacted, That whenever, by reason of

shall be a fur-

plus ofstock any fluctuation in the price of the said bank annuities, or that

after tranf .

the precise quantity of estate necessary to be fold for the purposes

ferring fuf .

aforesaid cannot be fet apart to be fold, or by reason of the

ficient to

whole of any farm and lands, tenements, or hereditaments being

redeem the

land-tax,

fold under the authority of this act, there shall be any surplus of

such surplus from lands

stock transferred as the consideration for or purchased with the

money arising by any sale, mortgage, or grant to be made by

in England

virtue thereof , after reserving so much of such stock as thall be

shall be in-

vested in the

agreed to be transferred as the consideration for the land- tax

bank in the

redeemed, the said surplus stock shall, where such manors, mef-

name of the accountant-

suages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments fold, mortgaged , or

charged, are situated in England , be placed in the books of the

general in

chancery,

bank of England , in the name and with the privity of the ac-

and applied

countant- general of the court of chancery, to the intent that

by order of

the fame may be applied in the manner herein-after mentioned;

the court,( that

- 1802. ) Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III.C. 116. 989

( that is to fay ), to the intent that such surplus stock may at ain discharge

convenient timebe fold, and the money arising therefrom applied ofdebts af-

fecting the

2

under the direction and with the approbation of the said court lands, or in

( to be signified by an order made upon a petition to be preferred purchase of

in a summary way), in the discharge of any debt or debts, or other lands;

parts thereof , affecting the manors, messuages, lands, tenements, the dividends

in the mean

2

orhereditaments, the land-tax charged whereon shall have been time to be

so redeemed, or where the same shall not be so applied, then the paid to the

same shall be laid out and invested, under the like direction and person en-

approbation, in the purchase of other manors, mesluages, lands, titled to the

lands.

tenements, and hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and

fettled to , for, and upon such and the like uses, trusts, intents,

and purposes, and in the same manner, as the manors, mef-

suages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments which shall be fo

fold, mortgaged, or charged as aforesaid, stood settled and limited,

or such of them as at the time of making such conveyance and

settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking

effect ; and in the mean time the dividends and annual produce

of such surplus stock shall from time to time go and belong to

the person or persons who would for the time being have been

entitled to the rents and profits of the said manors, messuages,

lands, tenements , and hereditaments, in case such last -mentioned

purchase and settlement were made.

CI . Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where In Scotland

such manors, messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments so such surplus

fold , mortgaged, or charged, are situated in Scotland, such surplus placed in one

shall be

stock may be fold, and the money arising therefrom be paid into of the pub-

or placed in one or other of the two publick banks of Scotland , lick banks,

with the previous authority of the court of session, the judges ofby authority

which court are hereby empowered and required, upon summary offeffion,

of the court

petition to be presented to them by or on the behalf of the who shall ap-

proprietor or heir in possession for the time being , to direct and ply the same

order that the said surplus money or balance shall be laid out in payment

and employed, as soon as conveniently may be, under the direc . ofdebts af-

fecting the

tion and with the approbation of the said court , either in the estate or in

payment of debts affecting the said intended entailed estate , or the purchase

in the purchase of other lands, tenements, or hereditaments, ofotherlands,

which respectively shall be limited and fettled to the fame persons and in the

mean time

and uses, and under the fame clauses and conditions, as the said place it out

manors, messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, which at interest,

shall be so sold, mortgaged, or charged as aforesaid, stood settled for the benefic

and limited; and in the mean time , till the said surplus money entiteer of theperson

or balance shall be so employed, to order and direct the money the lands.

to be laid out upon such security as to the court shall seem

proper, upon interest; and to direct such clauses to be inserted

in the bond or other security to be taken for the money, as shall

be effectual to secure the person or persons who would for the

time being have been entitled to the rents and profits of the said

manors, messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in

cafe such sale, mortgage, or grant, had not been made, and the

succeeding heirs of entail who shall successively come to the pof-

session

990 Annoregniquadragesimo secundoGEORGII III.С. 116. [1802.

session of the fame , the enjoyment of the interest of the said

money, and to preserve the capital until the money shall be employed as aforesaid.

Ifthe surplus

CII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any

does not ex-

such surplus as aforesaid shall not exceed the amount of two

ceed 2001.

hundred pounds principal stock , the same shall be transferredto

stock, it shall

betransferred

atrustee to be named by the . bodies politick or corporate, or

to a trustee,

companies, or other person or persons redeeming such land- tax ,

withoutap .

in order that the fame may be applied in manner herein- before

plication to

directed, without obtaining or being required to obtain the di-

the courts.

rection or approbation of the court of chancery or court of fel-

fron as aforesaid.

Where lands

CIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where any

are fold or are

charged for

manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, shall be

not more-

fold or charged for the purpose of redeeming any land-tax, the

than 500l.

consideration for the redemption whereof shall in the contract

and the con- be stipulated to be paid in money, and the monies to be pro-

sideration for duced by any such sale , mortgage, or grant, shall not exceed five

redemption

is to bepaid hundred pounds, then and in such case it shall be lawful for the

inmoney, it respective purchasers or mortgagees of such manors, messuages,

maybe paid lands, tenements, or hereditaments, of the respective grantees of

to the

Ceiver - gene- anyrent charge thereout, to pay their respective purchase or

ral or the col- mortgage monies to the receiver-general for the county or riding ,

lector of the or the collector for the thire or stewartry, where the same ma-

place , and nors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments , shall be

anyfurplus shall bepaid

situate , whose receipts shall be as effectual in all respects to

to atruftee, discharge such respective purchasers, mortgagees, or grantees , as

and applied as the receipt of the cashier of the bank of England would have been

surplus stock incase such monies had been paid into the bank; and the re-

not exceeding spective bodies politick or corporate, or companies, or other

2001.

person or persons whose land- tax shall have been redeemed

therewith, shall be entitled to have and receive the same dif-

charges, and their respective estates shall be exonerated and dif-

charged from such land-tax in the same manner, in all respects,

as if such money had been actually paid by them; and in cafe

there shall be any surplus of such monies, after reserving the

consideration for such land-tax, the same shall be paid to a

trustee or trustees, to be named bythe bodies politick or corporate, or companies, or other person or persons redeeming such

land- tax , in order that the fame may be applied in the manner

directed by this act respecting surplus stock, where the fame

shall not exceed two hundred pounds stock.

Themoney arising from

CIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in all

cafes where any money shall be raised under anyof the provi

for reimburs-

fions of this act for the purpose of reimbursing any stock, or any

ing anyfums

fum or fums of money laid out in the redemption of land-tax, or

laid out in

ofpaying off any fums before borrowed for that purpose, or for

the redemp-

tion of land-

the purpose of purchasing the assignment of any land-tax, under

tax or pur-

any of the provisions of the said recited acts or of his act , or the

chaseof any assignment

assignment of any contracts not completed, in order to complete

the fame , such monies shallnot be paid intothe bank of England ,

of any con-

or

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. С. 116. 991

or to any receiver-general or collector, but the same or (in cases tracts, shall ,

where the assignment of any contract shall be purchased in order under the or-

der of the

tocomplete the fame , or in cafes ofsale ) , so much thereof as shallcommissioners

be requisite ( hall, under the order of the respective commission - who autho-

ers who shall have authorised the sale , mortgage, or grant, be paid rised the sale,

to the bodies politick or corporate, or companies, or other personbe paid to the

or persons entitled to the benefit thereof , whose receipt or receipts tled to the

persons enti-

in pursuance of such order shall as effectually discharge the re- benefit there-

spective purchasers or mortgagees as the receipt or receipts ofof , and any

the cashier of the bank of England, or any receiver-general or remainder

collector would have done incafe the same had been paid into paid to the

bank ,& c.

the bank, or to such receiver or collector pursuant to the di-

rections of this act; and the remainder of such monies ( in cases

where any such shall be) shall in pursuance of such order be paid

into the bank of England , or to the receiver-general or collector

- :(as the cafe may require ), to the fame account, and shall be ap.

plied in the same manner ; and the cashiers of the bank, or any

of them, and such receiver-general or collector are or is hereby

required to give such receipt for the same as if the whole of such

purchase or mortgage money had been paid into the bank, or to

such receiver-general or collector, in pursuance of his act.

CV. And be it further enacted, That where any manors, Where lands

messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments shall be fold byare

are fold for

virtue of this act , for the purpose of redeeming any land- tax, it redeeming

shall be lawful for the bodies politick anyland- tax ,

orcorporate , orcompanies, the purchase

or other person or persons making such sale, to agree with themoney maybe

purchasers of such manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or here- agreed to be

ditaments, that the purchase money for the same shall be paidpaid by instal.

ments into the

by instalments, provided such instalments be to be paid into the bank, in man.

bank of England in the manner directed by this act within the ner prescribed

same period, and on the fame days and times as shall be specified by this act .

in the contract for the redemption of such land-tax, for the transfer or payment of the respective instalments of stock to be transferred thereon, together with interest at the time of payment of

each instalment as herein is directed to be paid upon the transfer

of stock by instalments : provided also , that such agreement, and

thedays andtimes stipulated for the payment of such instalments,

and the amount thereof respectively be inserted and expressed in

the indenture whereby such manors, messuages, lands, tenements,

or hereditaments shall be conveyed : provided also, that after

such conveyance shall be executed, no such bodypolitick or corporate , or company, or other person, nor their respective successors, executors, or administrators, shall be subject or liable to

any penalty or forfeiture by this act imposed, in case of default

in the transfer of any of the instalments agreed to be transferred

on the contract entered into by such body politick or corporate,

or company, orother person , for the redemption of the land-tax

charged on their manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or here-

ditaments ; nor shall the land- tax , so contracted for, be revived

or again become chargeable on the manors, messuages, lands,

tenements, and hereditaments whereon the fame was charged ,

prior

992 Anno regniquadragesimosecundoGEORGII III. С. 116. [ 1802.

prior to such contract; but all such penalties and forfeitures shall

be paid, sustained, and borne by such purchaser or purchasers,

his, her, or their heirs, executors, administrators, or assigns ,

and all the subsequent instalments of such purchase money thail

be recoverable asa debt to his Majesty , upon record against him,

her , or them, and against his, her, or their estates, goods,

chattels, and effects .

Where the

CVI. And be it further enacted, That where any manors,

purchase money of

messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments shall be fold by

lands fold for

any bodies politic or corporate, or companies aforesaid, or by

redeeming the

any person or persons whatever for the redemption of any land-

land-tax is to

tax, under a contract or agreement with the purchaser or pur-

bepaid into

the bank

chasers thereof , that the purchase money shall be paid into the

within the

bank of England in not more than fix equal instalments, at

year , and at

equal periods from each other, and be completed within the

notmore than

period of one year from the time of paying in the first instal-

fix instal-

ment, then and in every such case itshall be lawful for the lords

ments, the commissioners of the treasury, or any three or more of them ,

feafurement for the time being, at any time after payment of the first in-

of the firit , ad- stalment, to agree with the purchaser or purchasers of such

vancemoney manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, for the

for theimme- advance or loan to him, her, or them, of fo much money as

tion of the

diatecomple- shall be sufficient for the immediate completion of the contract,

contract, or

upon such terms and conditions for securing the repayment of

agreewithany the said principal money so to be advanced, with lawful interest

otherpersons for the fame , as the faidlords commissioners of the treasury, or

for the ad-

vance of such any three or more of them for the time being, shall think rea-

moneytothe fonable andjust , and as shall be agreed to by such purchaser or

purchaser. purchasers ; or otherwise it shall be lawful for the said jords

commissioners of the treasury , or any three or more of them, to

contract and agree with any other bodies politick or corporate ,

or companies, or other person or persons, for the advance of

payment into the bank of England, by such bodies politick or

corporate , or companies, or other person or persons, on the

behalf of such purchaser or purchasers, of such fum or fums of

money as he, she or they thall desire to be advanced for the

purposes before mentioned, upon such terms and conditions as

the said bodies politick or corporate, or companies, or other

person or persons , and the said purchaser or purchasers , shall

respectively agree upon.

Purchasersre- CVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all

ceiving such

advance to and every person and persons for whom any such fum and fums

enter into

shall be advanced for the purpose aforesaid, shall enter into a

bonds to the

security for the repayment of the fame , with interest, by writing

Kingsor re-

obligatory to our sovereign lord the King, in such fum or fums

paymentwith

interest.

of money as shall be directed bythe said lords commissioners of

the treasury, or by the corporation, companies, societies, or

persons respectively advancing the same as aforesaid, to be paid .

to our said lord the King , by such torm of words as obligations

to the King's Majesty have been used to be made, and wish

such conditions to be there under -written, as between the said

commissioners

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. C. 116. 993

!

1

1

commissioners of the treasury, or the parties advancing such

fums of money, and the said respective purchasers, shall be

agreed on ; and that all such obligations so to be made shall be

good and effectual in the law , and shall be of the same quality,

1

!

force, and effect, to all intents and purposes, as any obligation

made to our sovereign lord the King , or his predecessors, or

any of them, hath at any time heretofore been or now is ad-

judged, received, or taken to be; any law, usage, or custom to

P

the contrary notwitlistanding : provided also, that no obligation Such bonds

not liable to

to his Majesty, in pursuance of his act, shall be liable to any tamp- duty.

stamp-duty whatever.

CVIII. And be it further enacted, That if default shall be on failure of

made by any such purchaser or purchasers, his, her, or their repayment of

heirs or assigns, in the repayment of any such fum or fums of such advance,

thetreasuryor

أ

money which shall be so advanced , either by the said lords com- other lenders

missioners of the treasury, or by any other bodies politick or shall issue cer-

corporate, or companies, or other person or persons aforesaid, tificates to the

or of the interest thereon, or any part thereof , within the properofficers

of the crown,

respective times limited by the said obligations for the payment requiring

thereof , it shall be lawful for the said lords commissioners of the them topro-

treasury, or the said bodies politick or corporate, or companies, ceed against

or other person or persons aforesaid, who shall have advanced the defaul- ters; the sum

such sums of money as aforesaid, and they are hereby respec- due to be in-

tively required, without further delay, to issue his or their cer- ferted in the

tificate or certificates from time to time to the proper officer writ, and the

- of the crown, having the management of proceedings money, when

upon recovered ,

obligations to his Majesty , requiring such officer or officers per- shall be paid

fonally to proceed against the person or persons making such to the bank.

default, his, her , and their heirs, executors, and administrators,

- for the recovery of such parts of the sums advanced as shall be

then due , together with interest as aforesaid, and such costs and

charges attending such proceedings as shall be by law payable

for the fame ; the amount of which principal sums so to be

levied , the said commissioners of the treasury, or bodies poli-

tick or corporate, or companies, or persons aforesaid, shall

cause from time to time to be testified by their note in writing,

under the hands of any two or more of them, to such officer

or officers, and which sums shall be inserted in the writ or pro-

cess, and the like process shall and may from time to time issue

as aforesaid, as occasion shall require ; and the sums so reco-

vered ( the costs and charges aforesaid excepted), shall be paid

to the said cashier or cashiers of the bank of England , with.

out abatement, deduction, or delay, in satisfaction of such demands.

CIX. Provided also , and be it further enacted, That where On the pro-

duction of

any proceeding shall be directed under the authority of this act, suchcertifi- "

no writ or writs offire facias shall be required to be issued , but cate to a

that upon the production of the certificate or certificates of the baron of the

said commissioners as before mentioned, before any of the exchequer,

and , onhis

barons of the respective courts of exchequer at Westminster, or fiat, an extent

in Scotlarid, an extent shall and may issue in the first process shall issue

VOL. XLIII. Sss uponwithout fur-

therprocess .

994 Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. C. 116. [ 1802.

upon the fiat of such baron, without any affidavit , or other ve-

rification or proof of the cause of such proceeding , than such

certificate or certificates as aforesaid.

Onpayment CX. And be it further enacted, That, after the due payment

of the ad- of the sums advanced, with interest as aforesaid, every obliga-

vance , with

interest, the tion entered into in pursuance of this act being fully satisfied

purchaser's according to the true intent and meaning of this act, shall be

bondshall be forthwith delivered up to be cancelled ; and in cafe any such

delivered up; obligation shall have been prosecuted according to the directions

and in case of

prosecution, of this act, the said commissioners of the treasury , or any three

satisfaction

or more of them, shall, by their warrant or warrants, direct the

enteredonre- proper officer or officers of the said respective courts of exchequer

cord .

to enter up satisfaction on such obligation or obligations being

so satisfied as aforesaid, upon the record, or otherwise to deliver

up the same to be cancelled , as the cafe may require.

Process may

CXI. And be it further enacted, That such process as afore

issue against

the landspur-

said shall and may lawfully issue on any such obligation as afore

chafed, asalfo said , against the manors, messuages ,lands, tenements, or heredi-

against all

taments soto be purchased as aforesaid, and all other the manors ,

lands and

goods of the purchaser.

messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, and also the

goods, chattels, and effects of such purchaser or purchasers,

his, her, or their heirs, executors, or administrators, for the

benefit of any such person or persons, bodies, corporations, or

companies, his, her, and their heirs, successors, executors, ad-

ministrators, or assigns, who shall, in pursuance of any such

agreement with the said lords-commissioners of the treasury,

advance or lend any fum or sums of money to such purchaser or

purchasers as aforesaid.

Persons re- CXII. And be it further enacted, That all and every bodies

ceiving such advance shall politick and corporate , and companies, and other person and

have thebene- persons making any such sale or sales , or contracts for any such

fit of the land- sale or sales, for the purpose of redeeming their land- tax, to

tax , onregif- whom such advance shall be made, shall , from and immediately

tering the contracts for after the registry of the contract for the redemption of land- tax ,

redemption. have and enjoy the full benefit of the land-tax which shall have

been contracted for, in the same manner in all respects as ifthey

respectively had themselves completed their contracts, by the

transfer of the whole consideration to be transferred thereon.

Noduty to

bepaid on

falesby auction.

CXIII. And be it further enacted, That no duty shall be

payable in respect of any part of the monies which shall have

arisen or shall arise by sale of any manors, messuages, lands ,

tenements, or hereditaments, which already have been or here-

after shall be fold by auction, under the powers and provisions

of any of the said recited acts relating to the redemption ofland .

tax, or of his act.

Mortgagees,

&c. under this

CXIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every bodies

act, not to

politick and corporate, or companies, or other person or persons

have priority having any mortgage, charge, lien, or incumbrance on any ma

of former

nors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments which shall be

mortgagees, except for

mortaged, or out of which any rent charge thall have been or thall

interest; and be granted by virtue of the said recited acts or of this act , thall have

and

= 1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 116.995

and be entitled to all such remedies, privileges, and advantages, such former

to

both at law and in equity, as he, she, or they would have had mortgagees haveprefe-

or been entitled to , in case the said acts or this act had not rence to re-

■ been passed, or no mortgage or grant had been made by virtue deem the

■ thereof respectively ; and the person or persons who shall have land-tax.

lent, or who shall lend , any money for the purposes of the said

recited acts or of this act, shall not have priority of security on

the said manors, messuages , lands, tenements, or heredita-

ments, by force and virtue of the said acts or of this act respectively, over any such prior mortgage, charge, lien , or incum-

brance, in respect of the principal money lent for the purposes

of this act , but in respect of the interest thereof only : provided

- also, that all bodies politick or corporate, or companies, or

other person or persons having any prior mortgages, charges,

liens, or incumbrances on such manors, messuages, lands, tene-

ments, or hereditaments, shall be entitled, according to their

respective priorities, to advance the money required for the re-

- demption of such land-tax, in preference to all other persons .

CXV. And be it further enacted, That no bodies politick or No reversion-

corporate, or companies, or other person or persons entitled er to be liable

in remainder, reversion, or expectancy to, or having any future to payment

interest in any manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or heredi- ofmore than

one year's ar

taments which shall be so conveyed or demised by way ofrear ofinterest

mortgage, or whereout any such rent charge or rent charges as orrent charge .

aforesaid shall have been or shall be granted and made payable

in pursuance of the said recited acts or of this act, shall be

liable upon their , his, or her coming into the possession of or

being beneficially entitled to any such manors, messuages, lands,

tenements, or hereditaments, to the payment of arrears ofinte-

rest on any sum or fums of money secured by mortgage as

aforesaid, or of arrears of any rent charge, for more than

twelve calendar months preceding the time that the title to such

possession shall have accrued.

CXVI. And be it further enacted, That the respective per- Persons hav-

fons to whom any rent charges shall have been or shall be granted ing rent

by virtue of the said recited acts or of this act, thall have and be charges shall

have the fame

entitled to use and take the same powers, remedies, benefits, and powers as

advantages for the recovery thereof , as landlords by the law landlords for

have or are entitled to use and take for the recovery of rents recovery of

reserved on common demises or leases . rents.

CXVII. And be it further enacted, That where any moneyWhenmoney

arising from the sale of any manors, messuages, lands, tene- is not paid

intothe bank,

ments, or hereditaments, shall not have been or shall not be butinvested in

paid into the bank of England pursuant to the directions of the the 3 percents .

said recited acts, or of this act, but shall have been, or shall be to be trans-

laid out and invested in the purchase of three pounds per centum ferred to the

commissioners

bauk annuities transferred , or for the purpose of being trans- for reducing

ferred to the commissioners for the reduction of the national the national

debt, as the consideration for the redemption of any land-taxdebt, they

chargeable on any manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or shall accept

the transfer

hereditaments belonging to any bodies politick or corporate , or andgranta

SS $ 2

companies, certificate of

996 Annoregni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. C. 116. [1802.

the amount , companies, or other person or persons by whom such first .

onproduction mentioned manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or heredita-

of which at

the bankare-ments, shall have been or shall be hereafter sold, then and

ceipt shall be in such cafe the commissioners for the reduction of the national

given .

debt, or any one or more of them, shall and they are hereby

authorised and required to accept and receive the transfer of

such three pounds per centum bank annuities, and to grant to

any purchaser or purchasers of such manors, messuages, lands,

tenements, and hereditaments, his, her, or their agent or

agents, a certificate under his or their hand or hands, of the

amount of three pounds per centum bank annuities, which shall

have been or shall be so transferred to them as aforesaid ; and

upon the prodution of such certificate to any of the cashiers

of the bank of England , he or they shall and is or are hereby

required to give any such purchaser or purchasers such receipt

or receipts as by the said acts, or any of them, or this act, is

or are required to be given , as well for any monies which shal

have been or shall be so invested as aforesaid, as for any other

monies which may have been or may be paid by him, her , or

them, into the bank of England , in the manner required by

the said recited acts , or any of them, or by this act.

Where land- CXVIII. And be it further enacted , That in all cafes where

tax charged upon lands the land-tax charged upon any manors, messuages, lands, tene-

( exceptof ments, or hereditaments belonging to any bodies politick of

bishops, or corporate (other than bishops or other ecclesiastical corporati-

ecclesiastical ons), or to any companies, or other person or persons, and

corporations )

granted out granted out upon any beneficial lease or leases, or by any copy

uponbene- or copies ofcourt roll or other grant, according to the custom

ficial leases, of any manor, for life or lives, or years absolute, or years de .

&c. shall be terminable upon any life or lives, shall be redeemed by the

redeemed, by monies arising from the sale

sale part or sales of the fee simple and inhe-

lands, theun- ritance of any part of such manors, messuages, lands, tene-

fold parts shall ments, or hereditaments, then and in such case the respective

with the

be chargeable manors, messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments re-

amountof

maining unfold, shall, immediately after the redemption of such

thelandtax

land-tax, be and become charged and chargeable , for the benefit

as a rent

charge .

of such bodies politick or corporate, or companies, or other per-

fon or persons, with such yearly sum or fums respectively , by

way of rent charge, as shall be equal in amount to the land- tax

charged thereon at the times of such redemption, which shall be

applicable in their hands to the same uses and purposes, and in

the same manner as the several yearly rents and profits of such

manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, fhai

from time to time be applicable.

Deeds of sale

&c. inEng- CXIX. And be it further enacted, That every deed whereb

andthall be any sale, mortgage , or grant of any rent charge shall be max

enrolled in a

by virtue of this act, in relation to estates in England , thall t

court of re-

enrolled within six calendar months after the execution there

in Scotland cord , &c. and in one of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or

shall be exe- the courts of the counties palatine of Chester, Lancashire, ст

cutedandre. Durham , or in the courts ofgreat sessions in Wales , as the cafe

hail

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 116.997

shall require, or be registered in the counties of Middlesex and giftered as re-

York , in the manner required by law for conveyances of real quired bythe

estates situated in those counties respectively ; and all deeds where the

lawthere;and

: and conveyances in relation to estates in Scotland shall be exe- consideration

cuted and registered in the manner required by the law of Scot- shall notex-

land in respect of sales or charges of real estates: provided ceed 2001 .

the registry

always, that where the consideration expressed in any such deed of the deed,

shall not exceed two hundred pounds, the registry thereof , with with there-

the proper officer appointed or to be appointed for the registry gifter of con-

of contracts for the redemption of land-tax, shall be as valid tracts for re-

and effectual as if the fame were enrolled or registered in the demption of

land - tax,

manner herein-before directed, and such officer is hereby re- shall bevalid.

quired to register the fame gratis ; and after the payment of the After pay-

purchase or mortgage money into the bank of England , or to ment of the

the receiver-general, or his deputy in England , or to the collec- money into

tors in Scotland ( in cases where the same is by this act authorised the bank, &c.

and enrol-

to be paid to any receiver-general or his deputy, or collector), ment, thedeed

in the manner herein- before directed ; and after such enrolment shall be valid.

or registry as aforesaid, every such deed of sale, mortgage, or

grant , made by virtue of this act, shall be good, valid, and

effectual in thelaw to all intents and purposes whatsoever: provided Deeds shall be

always, that any deed or deeds required by the said several acts, valid if enrol-

led within fix

passed for the redemption of the land-tax, or any of them, to months after

be enrolled or registered, shall be valid and effectual , although passing this

the same shall not have been enrolled or registered within the act .

periods prescribed by the said acts, provided the fame be enrolled

within six calendar months after the passing of this act.

CXX. And be it further enacted, That the proof of the due Proof of the

execution of any deed of sale, enfranchisement, mortgage, or execution of

grant, under the provisions of the said recited acts or of this anydeedby

the commif-

act , by the respective commissioners parties thereto, shall be fioners parties

allowed and admitted in all courts and places, and before all thereto ,shall

persons, to be good and sufficient evidence that the several no- be sufficient

tices and other acts, matters, and things required by the said evidence that

everything

recited acts or this act, to be given and done by any vendor or requiredwas

mortgagor, or any grantor of any rent charge , previously to dulydone.

any such sale , mortgage, or grant, were duly given, done, and

performed by such vendor, mortgagor, or grantor , pursuant to

the directions of the recited acts or of this act.

CXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in Where money

all cases where any money hath been or may hereafter be paid has been im-

into the bank of England, to be placed to the account of the properlypaid

intothe bank ,

commissioners for the reduction of the national debt, as the to beplacedto

whole or partof the purchase money for any manors, messuages, the account

Jands, tenements, or hereditaments, fold or contracted to be of the com-

fold by any bodies politick or corporate, or companies, or feof- missioners for

fees or trustees for charitable or other publick purposes, or other reducing the

national debt ,

person or persons, and it shall appear to the satisfaction of the the commif-

said commissioners appointed under the great seal, in cases where fioners for

such sales or contracts for sale shall have been made under their executing this

au hority, or to the satisfaction of the commissioners for the act, where the

sales were

$ S $ 3affairs madeunder

998 Annoregni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. C. 116. [ 1802.

their autho- affairs of taxes in all other cases that such money ought not to

rity , and the have been so paid, then and in all such cafes it shall be lawful

commissioners for the said commissioners appointed under the great seal , by

for taxes in

othercases ,

writing under their hands or the hands of any two of them, and

may order the

for the said commissioners for the affairs oftaxes, or any three or

money to be

repaid; and

more of them respectively, to order and direct the governor and

where it has

company of the bank of England , and such governor and com-

beeninvested

pany are hereby required to repayall such monies to the person

instock , may

or persons by whom or on whose account the same shall appear

order it to be

to have been paid into the bank ; and in all cafes where such

transferred to

theparty .

money shall have been already invested in the purchase of three

pounds per centum bank annuities , in the names of the commif-

fioners for the reduction of the national debt, upon a certificate

signed by any two or more of the said commissioners appointed

under the great seal, or by any three or more of the said com

missioners for the affairs of taxes, as the cafe may be, that such

money ought not to have been so invested, it shall be lawful for

the said commissioners for the reduction of the national debt, or

any one or more of them, and he or they is and are hereby

required to transfer the stock which has been so bought by or

i

transferred to them, to the person or persons by whom or on

whose account such money shall have been paid into the bank,

and with which money such stock had been so purchased, and

the receipt and receipts of such person and persons shall be fuf-

ficient discharges for such monies or stock.

Contracts en.

CXXII. And be it further enacted, That all contracts or

tered into be-

agreements which, before the passing of his act, shall have been

forethepaf .

made or entered into by any bodies politick or corporate , or

sing of his

act, for the

companies , or feoffees or trustees for charitable or other publick

sale or mort-

purposes, or other person or persons for the sale or mortgage of ,

gageof , or

or for thegrant of any rent charge out of , any manors , messuages,

rent charges

lands, tenements, or hereditaments, and all acts , matters, and

outoflands,

&c. shall be

things, which shall have been done in relation thereto, according

validto com-

to the provisions of the said recited acts, or any of them, shall

pletesuch

be valid and effectual to enable the completion of such sales ,

sales, &c. un-

mortgages, or grants according to the provisions of this act , in

der this act.

like manner as if such contracts or agreements, acts , matters,

and things respectively had been made, entered, or done after

the passing thereof.

Whereany

CXXIII. And be it further enacted, That where any person

personhaving or persons having any estate or interest, ( other than an estate of

an estate other

than ofinhe- inheritance, ) in any manors, messuages, lands , tenements , or

ritance, shall hereditaments, shall redeem the land- tax charged thereon by or

redeem the

out of his, her, or their own absolute property, such manors,

land - tax out messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, shall be and

of his own

property, the become chargeable for the benefit of such person or persons, his,

estate shall be her, or their executors, administrators, or assigns, with the

chargeable with the a-

amount of the three pounds per centum bank annuities which shall

mount of the

have been transferred, or with the amount of the monies paid as

stock tranf-

the consideration for the redemption of such land-tax, as the cafe

ferredor mo. may be, and with the payment of a yearly fum or fums ofmoney

by

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 116. 999

by way of interest thereon, equal in amount to the land- tax re- neypaid , and

deemed: provided always, that no person or persons in remainder, ayearly fum

reversion, or expectancy, or

having any future interest in such bywayof

interest equal

manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments as afore- to the land-

said, who shall afterwards, in order of succession, come into the tax redeemed;

actual possession or be beneficially entitled to the rent and profits but reversion-

ers shall be

of any such manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or heredita- liable to pay

ments, shall be liable to the payment of any yearly fum or sams ment of the

of money by way of interest as aforesaid, save only from the interest only

-time they shall respectively come into possession, or be benefi- from the time

of their com.

-cially entitled as aforesaid : provided also, that where the land- ing into pof-

tax charged on any manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or session ; and

hereditaments, shall be redeemed by any bodies politick or cor- when the

porate, or companies, or any feoffees or trustees for charitable land-tax has

been redeem.

orother publick purposes, or other person or persons having any ed by rever-

estate or interest in remainder, reversion, or expectancy therein, sioners, they

orbeing substitute heirs of entail entitled in their order to fuc- shall be enti-

ceed thereto , such bodies politick or corporate, or companies, or tledtoa yearly

fum equal

feoffees or trustees for charitable or other publick purposes, or thereto, until

other person or persons in remainder, reversion, or expectancy, the estates

or being substitute heirs of entail as aforesaid, shall in the mean vest in them.

time , until their respective estates and interests vest in possession

by reason of the determination of the preceding estate, be entitled

to have a yearly sum issuing out of such manors, messuages,

lands, tenements, or hereditaments, equal in amount to the land-

tax so redeemed .

CXXIV. And be it further enacted, That where any one or Where a

more of any persons seised or entitled in undivided shares of or coparcener

redeems not

to any manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, only his own

as coparceners, heirs portioners, tenants in common, or joint proportion of

tenants, shall not only redeem his, her, or their own proportion the land- tax,

or proportions of the land - tax charged thereon, but also the pro-butthepro-

portion or proportions of any others or other portions of

of such coparceners, others, their

heirs portioners, tenants in common, or joint tenants, whereby lands thall be

the whole of the said manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or chargeable

hereditaments, will be exonerated from the said land -tax , the with fo much

stock or fo

share or shares of such of the coparceners, heirs portioners, much money

tenants in common, or joint tenants, whose proportion or pro- as wouldhave

portions of land-tax shall have been redeemed by the others or been sufficient

any other of them, of and in such manors, messuages, lands, to have re-

tenements, or hereditaments, shall be and become chargeable deemed their

for the benefit of the person or persons redeeming the fame, his, proportions,

ayearly

her , or their executors, administrators, or assigns , with so much fum by way of

of the stock transferred, or fo much of the money paid as the interest .

consideration for the redemption of the land-tax, as would have

beensufficient to redeem such proportion or proportions of the

land-tax of the others or other of such coparceners, heirs portioners, tenants in common, or joint tenants, and also with the

payment of such a yearly sum of money by way of interest,

as shall be equal in amount to such proportion or proportions

respectively .

S $ 34 CXXV. And

1000 Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. c. 116. [1802 .

Yearly sums CXXV. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where

bywayof in- Leveret anybodies politick or corporate , or companies, or other person

charge , shall or persons redeeming any land- tax, shall by virtue of this act be

be payable at entitled to have and receive out of any manors, messuages, lands ,

thetime the tenements, orhereditaments, anyyearly fums ofmoneybyway

landtaxwas, ofinterest , or by way ofrent or of rent charge , equal in amount

when re-

deemed.

to the land tax redeemed , such yearly sum shall be payable os

the same days as such land- tax was payable at the time of the

redemption thereof (unless where any other days are herein

specified for that purpose) , and shall be recoverable by action ,

suit, distress , or any other means whereby rents reserved on leases

Where a te-

are recovered by law.

nant or lessee

at rack rent

CXXVI. And be it further enacted, That where any tenant

shall beboundor lessee at a rack rent for any term or number of years or at

to paythe will, of any manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or heredita-

land - tax , and ments, shall be bound by agreement to paythe land-tax charged

itshall have

been redeem-

thereon during the continuance of any demise, and such land-tax

edbythe personbene- ficiallyenti-

shall have been or shall be redeemed by or on the behalf of the

bodies politick or corporate, or companies, or other person or

persons beneficially entitled to the rent reserved or made payable

tled to the

rent, the

on such lease or demise, the amount of the land -tax so redeemed

amount of

shall, during the continuance of such lease or demise, be confi-

the land - tax dered as rent reserved or made payable thereon, and the same

redeemedshall shall be payable on the fame days , and the same powers shall be

be considered had, used , and enjoyed for the recovery thereof , as for the

as rent refer-

ved.

recovery of such rent when in arrear.

Where a per- CXXVII. And be it further enacted, That where any bodies

fon has re-

politick and corporate, or companies, or other person or persons,

deemedland- shall by virtue of the said recited acts have redeemed, or shall by

taxonlands virtue of this act redeem, any land-tax charged upon any

tubject to an

annual rent, manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, which

for which he at the time of such redemption were or shall be charged with or

would have

subject to the payment of any fee farm, feu duty , or other

beenentitled annual rent, for which such bodies politick or corporate, or

to abate apro- companies, or other person or persons, would upon payment of

portion of

rate under

the land - tax have been entitled, to abate and deduct a just

38Geo. 3 .

proportion of rate under the said recited act of the thirty-eighth

c . 5. hemay year of his present Majesty's reign, for granting an aid to his

continue abate it.

Majesty by a land- tax , it shall be lawful for all such bodies poli-

tick and corporate, or companies, or other person or persons, to

continue to abate and deduct ajust proportion , from time to time

upon any payment of such fee farm, feu duty, or other annual

rent, as if such land- tax had not been redeemed.

Guardians,

CXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful

&c.maytranf .

ferstock

for all guardians, tutors, and curators of infants, and for all

standing in

the names of

trustees for married women, who have contracted or who thall

contract on their behalf for the redemption of land-tax, charged

infants, &c.

on any manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments,

orjointly with them-

wherein such infants or married women shall be interested, to

selves, for re. transfer to the commissioners for the reduction of the national

demption of debt so much ofthree pounds per centum consolidated or three pounds

land- tax.

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimofecundoGEORGII III. C. 116. 1001

pounds per centum reduced annuities, which shall be standing in

1

= the name or names of such infants or married women, either

solely or jointly with such guardians, tutors, curators, or trustees,

A

orany of them, as shall be sufficient for the redemption of the

land- tax contracted for; and the governor and company of the

bank of England are hereby authorised and required to permit

2 and suffer such transfers to be made; and the cashier or cashiers

2

of the bank of England shall give a certificate or receipt for the

stock to be so transferred, which shall be an acquittance and

discharge to such guardians, tutors, curators, or trustees transfer-

ring such stock as aforesaid ; and the said governor and company,

and their respective officers, are hereby indemnified against all

persons whatever for any transfer made in pursuance of this act. No contract

a

CXXIX. And be it further enacted, That no contract entered into

entered into after the passing of this act for the redemption of any after passing

land-tax, nor the amount of land-tax redeemed thereby, shall in this act , or

the amount

anywise be impeached, affected , or altered by the judgement or ofland -tax

determination of the commissioners on any appeal from the redeemed

ا

afsessment by which such land-tax shall have been charged, thereby, shall

whether such appeal shall have been made prior or subsequent to beaffectedby

anyappeal

anyproceedings had under this act for the purpose ofentering from the af-

into such contract; but such appeal shall be decided wholly feffiment by

between such other parties charged by such assessiment as shall which the tax

nothave entered into any such contract, and in the same manner was charged ,

as if the contract so entered into had been completed before the but theap .

peal shall be

making or determining such appeals ; and every contract so en- decided be-

tered into shall stand good, and the land-tax redeemed thereby tween such of

shall be considered as ifno such appeal had been made from such the parties as

assessment.

shall nothave

contracted.

CXXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if If land-tax

such land - tax so contracted for shall have been reduced in its contracted for

amount by any afsessment made within three years preceding the shall have been

time of completing such contract, and any such appeal shall be reducedwith-

made against the party who shall have entered into the contract in three

for the redemption of such land-tax, his or her heirs or

years before

assigns, completion of

and it shall be found to the satisfaction of the commissioners the contract,

before whom such appeal shall be heard, and shall be adjudged and it shall

by them that the reduction in the amount of the assessment appear on

land- tax so redeemed was fraudulently made , or was obtained appeal to the commissioners

by some undue practice or false representation of the value of the that it was

estate of such party , in the parish or place where such affessment fraudulently

was made , or of the proportion of value which his or her estate made, it may

bore to other estates or incomes liable to be assessed in the fame be revised.

parish or place, so as to prove to the satisfaction of such commissioners that such reduction was wrongfully made, then and in

such case, but not otherwise, the land-tax so contracted for shall

remain liable to be revised and altered (in the same manner as if

the contract for the fame had not been completed), by any

determination on any appeal which shall be made and deter-

mined within one year next after the completion of such

contract ,

CXXXI. And

1002 Anno regni quadragesimofecundo GEORGII III. c. 116. [1802.

Surveyor-general of the CXXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful

for the surveyor-general of the land revenues of the crown, in

land revenues

of the crown, respect of the land-tax charged on the manors, messuages, lands ,

with thecon- tenements, rents, or other revenues of the crown , within the

fent of the survey and receipt of the exchequer for the time being , with the

treasury , the consent of the lord high-treasurer or the commissioners of the

receiver-gene-treasury for the time being , and for the receiver-general for the

duchy of Lancaster,

time being of the revenues of the duchy ofLancaster , with the

consent of the chancellor for the time being of the said duchy ,in

with the con-

fent of the

respect of the land-tax charged on the manors, messuages, lands ,

chancellor ,

rents, tenements, hereditaments, or other revenues of the crown

and the fur-

within the survey and receipt of the said chancellor and council

veyor-general and officers of the said duchy, and for the surveyor-general of

of theduchy the duchy of Cornwall , in respect of the land -tax charged on the

ofCornwall ,

may agree for manors , messuages , lands, tenements, rents, and other revenues

the redemp- of the duchy of Cornwall , to contract and agree with the commif-

tion of the

fioners acting in the execution of this act by virtue of his Ma-

land-tax

jesty's warrant under the royal sign manual, for the redemption

within their of the land-tax charged upon any of the said manors, messuages ,

respective

surveys.

lands, tenements, rents, or other revenues respectively, and to

proceed to the completion of such contract in such and thelike

manner in all respects as is herein - before directed in cases of

redemption of any land-tax ; with and subject to such benefit of

reference as is herein -before given to anybodies politick or corporate by this act, except where it shall be otherwise expressly

provided by this act.

His Majesty may appoint persons to ascertain the

CXXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful

for his Majesty, his heirs and successors, by warrant under his

royal sign manual, to nominate and appoint such and fo many

land-tax on

persons as his Majesty may think proper for the purpose of ascer-

crownlands within the

taining the proportions of the land-tax charged upon all and

every of the manors, messuages, lands, tenements, rents, or other

surveyof the

revenues belonging to the crown, within the survey and receipt

exchequer, a of the exchequer in England , and such commissioners are hereby

report of

which shall be required, as soon as they conveniently can, to certify and report

fent to the

inwriting under theirhands and seals, unto the commissioners of

treasury .

his Majesty's treasury for the time being, the proportions of such

land -tax, and the several parishes and places within which, and

the manors, messuages, lands, tenements, rents, or other

revenues upon which the fame is charged and payable , and to

transmit a copy of such certificate to the surveyor-general of his

Majesty's land revenue.

Surveyor- CXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be law-

general of the ful for the surveyor- general of the land revenues of the crown,

Land revenues now or for the time being, to contract or agree with any person

may contract

for sale of or persons , or any bodies politick or corporate, for the sale , from

crown lands time totime, of such or so much of the manors, messuages , lands ,

to redeem thetenements, rents, tythes, mines, minerals, collieries, woods ,

land -tax ; wood-grounds, fens, marshes, waste lands, or other heredita-

ments belonging to the crown, and within the survey and receipt

of the exchequer in England , for the best prices or considerations

in

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 116.1003

in money which the said surveyor-general shall, under the direc-

1 tion and with the approbation of the lord high-treasurer or commissioners of the treasury for the time being , be able to procure

for the fame, as will raise a sum of money sufficient for the

redemption of the land-tax charged upon the manors, messuages,

: lands, tenements, tythes, rents, hereditaments, or any other

C

revenues ofor belonging to the crown; and the purchase monies Money to he

to be paid for the same shall from time to time be paid into the paid into the

1. bank of England , to the account of the commissioners of his bank and laid

outin the

Majesty's treasury ; under which title the governor and company purchase of 3

1. of the bank of England are hereby required to open an account per cents, as

: accordingly ; and shall be laid out by order of the surveyor- directed by34

general in the purchase of three pounds per centum consolidated Geo. 3. c.75 .

but tobekept

bank annuities, in the names of the commissioners of his Majesty's as a distinct

2

treasury, in like manner as is directed by an act, passed in the account .

thirty- fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled,

Anattfor the better management of the land revenue of the crown,

and for the sale of the fee- farm and other unimprovable rents ; but

nevertheless in such manner that the accounts thereof may be

kept separate and distinct from the accounts of the sales made and

stock purchased in pursuance of that act.

CXXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That Such con .

tracts to be

no such contract shall be made unless by special warrant , to be madeonlyby

issued for that purpose by the lord high-treasurer , or the commif- warrant of

fioners of the treasury for the time being. the treasury.

CXXXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be law- Chancellor

ful for the chancellor and council of the duchy of Lancaster, for and council of

theduchy of

the time being , under the seal of the said duchy, to nominate and Lancaftermay

appoint such and so many persons as the said chancellor and duchy appoint per-

may think proper for the purpose of ascertaining the proportions of fons to af-

the land-tax charged upon all and every the manors, messuages, certain the

land- tax on

lands , tenements, rents, and other revenues belonging to the crown lands

crown within the survey and receipt of the said duchy and its within the

officers; and such last -mentioned commissioners are hereby survey of the

required, as soon as they conveniently can, to certify and report, duchy, to be

in writing under their hands and seals , unto the chancellor and reportedto

them .

council, the proportion of such land-tax , and the several parishes

and places within which, and the manors, messuages, lands,

tenements, rents, or other revenues upon which the fame is

charged and payable, and to transmit a copy of such certificate

to such officer of the said duchy as the said chancellor and council

shall appoint.

CXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Surveyor

said surveyor-general shall have contracted with anyperson or general, on

making any

persons, bodies politick or corporate, for the sale of any manors, contract, thall

messuages, lands, tenements, tythes, rents, or other heredita- give a certi-

ments belonging to the crown, the said surveyor- general shall ficate thereof

grant to the respective purchaser or purchasers a certificate under to thepurcha-

his hand, specifying the premises so contracted for, and the fer , onpro-

ductionamount of the purchase money to be paid for the same ; and the which, the

cashiers of the bank, or one of them, shall , upon the production cashier of the

ofbank shallre-

1004Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 116. [1802,

ceive the con- of such certificate, accept and receive the purchase monies thereia

sideration specified, and at the foot or on the back of such certificate ac-

and give a re-

ceipt , which, knowledge the receipt of the fame without fee or reward; and

with the cer- the said certificate and receipt shall be afterwards enrolled in the

tificate, shall office of the auditor of the land-revenue , or in the office of the

be enrolled

clerk of the pipe , ifthe premises shall be in charge before him;

with the audi-

tor of the

and such auditor or clerk of the pipe, or their respective deputy or

land revenue, deputies, having enrolled the said certificate and receipt , shall attest

orthe clerk of the same under his or their hand or hands, and return the said

the pipe; andcertificate and receipt to the purchaser or purchasers ; and from

thenceforth and immediately after such enrolment , and thenceforth for ever,

the purchasers shallpoffefs the respective purchasers, their heirs, successors, or assigns, shall

thepremises. by force of this act be adjudged, deemed , and taken to be in the

actual seisin and possession of the premises so by them respectively

purchased, and shall hold andenjoy the same peaceably and quietly ,

freed and discharged of and from all claims and demands which

canor may be made by his Majesty , his heirs or successors, or

by any person or persons lawfully claiming by, from, or under him

or them, and of and from all manner of incumbrances whatsoever,

asfully and amply, to all intents and purposes, as his Majesty, his

heirs and successors might or could have held or enjoyed the fame.

Treasury may

CXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That itshall be lawful

order expencesoffur-

for the lord high-treasurer, or the commissioners of the treasury for

veys to bepaid thetime being, to order any expences that maybe necessarily incur-

outof thepur- red for making surveys of any of the manors, messuages, lands,

chasemoney. tenements, or hereditaments hereby authorised to be fold , or

otherwise in relation to the sale thereof , to be defrayed out of the

purchase monies arising from such sales.

Contracts and

CXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That every contract

receipts, on

sale of such

made under the authority of this act, for the sale of any part

of

lands, tobe in

the land- revenues of the crown within the survey and receipt of

theforms in

the exchequer, shall be in the form specified in the schedule here-

schedules ( G) ,

unto annexed , marked (H) ; and every certificate for the sale of

( H), (1 ) , (K) .

any part of the revenues of the crown within the survey or receipt

of the chancellor and council of the duchy of Lancaster, shall be

in the form specified in the schedule hereunto annexed, marked

( G) ; and every certificate of contract for the sale of any part of

the revenues of the duchy of Cornwall , shall be in the form in the

schedule hereunto annexed, marked (I) ; and the receipt or

acknowledgement for the consideration of every such sale, shall

1

be in the form in the schedule hereunto annexed, marked (K).

Chancellor

CXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful

and council of for the chancellor and council of the duchy of Lancaster for the

theduchyof

Lancastermay time being, to sell and dispose of to any person orpersons, bodies

fell lands, &c. politick or corporate, from time to time, and thereuponto grant

within the

and assure in the name of his Majesty, his heirs and successors,

duchy to re-

deem the

under the seal of the said duchy, such and so much of the manors,

land - tax;

messuages ,, lands, tenements, tythes, mines, minerals, collieries,

woods, grounds, fens, marshes, waste lands, or other heredita-

ments belonging to the crown, and within the survey and

receipt of the said duchy, and the officers of the fame , at or for

the

3802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 116. 1005

the best prices or considerations in money which the said chan-

cellor and council shall be able to procure for the fame, as will

raise a sum of money sufficient for the redemption of the land-tax

charged upon the manors, messuages, lands, tenements, rents,

hereditaments , or any other revenues of or belonging to the crown

within the survey and receipt of the said duchy and the officers

of the fame; and the purchase moneyto be paid for the same shall the purchase

from time to time be paid into the hands of the receiver-general money to be

of the revenues of the said duchy , and acquittances and receipts paid to the

given by him for the fame; and the same shall be laid out and receiver-general of the

invested in like manner in all respects as is directed by an act, duchy, and

- passed in the nineteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, invested ac-

intituled , An act to enable the chancellor and council of the duchy ofcording to the

-Lancaster tofell and dispose of certain fee- farm rents, and to enfran- directions of

chise copyhold and customary tenements within their survey ; and to

19Geo. 3.

encourage the growth oftimber on lands held of thesaid duchy, or any

C.45.

other act or acts now in force, for the sale of any manors, mef-

• suages, lands, tenements, rents, or hereditaments, within the

survey and receipt of the said duchy or its officers .

CXL. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for The treasury,

and the chan-

the lord high -treasurer, or the commissioners of the treasury, in cellor and

respect of the crown lands within the survey and receipt of the council of the

exchequer, and for the chancellor and council of the duchy of duchy ofLan-

Lancaster , by order of his Majesty in council in respect of the caster, may,

from thepro-

crown lands in the survey and receipt of the said duchy for the duce offales,

time being, from time to time, to cause to be transferred to the transfer to the

commissioners for the reduction of the national debt, so much of commissioners for

the capital stock vested in their respective names, arising from any the reducing

-sales made by them respectively , in pursuance of the said respec-debt, the stock

tive acts of the nineteenth and thirty-fourth years of the reign of necessary to

his present Majesty, and of this act, or any other act or acts now redeem the

in force for the sale of any of the manors, messuages, lands, land-tax on

the crown

tenements, rents, hereditaments, and other revenues of the lands within

crown, within the survey and receipt of the exchequer or the their respec .

duchy of Lancaster , as may be necessary for the redemption of tive surveys;

the land-tax charged upon any of the said manors , messuages, the interest in

themean

lands, tenements, rents, hereditaments, and other revenues of the time, and any

crown respectively ; and that in the mean time and until the same surplus, tobe

shall be so transferred, the interest or yearly dividends thereof , applied ac-

and also the interest or yearly dividends of any part of such cording to

directions of

capital stock which shall not be applied or disposed of for the recited acts of

redemption of such land- tax, shall be from time to time received, 19 and34

accounted for, applied, and appropriated in like manner in all Geo. 3.

respects as is directed by the said acts of the nineteenth and thirty-

fourth years of his Majesty's reign in respect of the dividends of

stock purchased in pursuance of the said acts or either of them

respectively.

CXLI. And be it further enacted, That , upon the redemption Onsuchtrans-

by the transfer of stock in the manner herein-before mentioned, fer, the crown

lands thall be

of any land- tax charged upon any manors, messuages, lands, rated

tenements, rents, hereditaments, or any other revenues belonging from the1

to land- tax, and

1006 Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. C. 116. [1802.

the amount

considered as

rent due to

his Majesty.

to the crown, and upon the registry thereof in the manner herein

directed, the manors, messuages, lands, tenements, rents, here-

ditaments, or any other revenues belonging to the crown upon

which such land-tax shall have been charged , shall thenceforth be

wholly freed and exonerated from the land-tax charged thereon,

and from all further assessments thereof ; and the amount of fuck

land-tax shall thenceforth, during the continuance of anylease or

demise now in being , be considered as rent due to his Majesty,

his heirs and successors, and be recovered and recoverable as such

by his Majesty, his heirs and successors, against any lessee or lef-

fees, and by such lessee or lessees against his, her , or their under

lessees or tenants respectively, and shall be collected and received

by such person or persons, and subject to such orders and regulations as the lord high-treasurer or commissioners of the treasury

in respect of the crown lands within the survey and receipt of

the exchequer, and the chancellor and council of the duchy of

Lancaster in respect of the crown lands in the survey and receipt

of the said duchy , shall from time to time appoint and establish

for the better collecting and answering the same to his Majesty ,

his heirs and fuccessors.

The prince of CXLII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be

Walesmayap- lawful for his royal highness George prince of Wales and duke of

point persons Cornwall , by warrant under his said royal highness's sign manual,

to ascertain

hisproportion to nominate and appoint such and so many persons as his said

ofland tax in royal highness may think proper , for the purpose of ascertaining

theduchy of the proportions of the land-tax charged upon any of the manors,

Cornwall, to

be reported to messuages, lands, tenements, hereditaments, or other revenues

hiscouncil, belonging to and parcel of the duchy of Cornwall; and such

and a copy to commissioners are hereby required, as soon as they conveniently

be fent to the can, to certify and report in writing under their hands and seals,

surveyor- ge- unto the council or commissioners of the revenue of his said

neral of the

duchy. royal highness, the proportions of such land-tax, and the district

within which, and the manors, messuages, lands, tenements,

hereditaments, or other revenues, upon which the same is charged

and payable, and to transmit a copy of such certificate to the

H

surveyor-general of the duchy of Cornwall .

Such surveyor general may contract for

CXLIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful

for the surveyor- general of the duchy of Cornwall , now or for

! "

sale of lands

thetime being, to contract or agree with any person or persons,

to redeem the

or any bodies politick or corporate, for the sale from time to

land-tax ;

time of such or so much of the manors, messuages, lands, tene-

ments, rents, tythes, mines, minerals, collieries, woods, wood-

grounds, fens, marshes, waste lands or other hereditaments

belonging to and parcel of the said duchy ofCornwall, for thebest

prices or considerations in money which the said surveyor-general

shall be able to procure for the fame, as will raise asum ofmoney

sufficient for the redemption of the said land-tax charged upon

the manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or any other revenues

Purchase mo. belonging to and parcel of the said duchy of Cornwall; and the

ney to be paid purchase money to be paid for the same shall from time to time

intothe bank. be paid by the respective purchasers into the bank of England , to be

1

1

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. c. 116. 1007

be there received by the cashiers of the bank, and accounted for

- and invested in the manner herein- after directed.

CXLIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Such con-

such contract shall be made unless by special warrant, to be issued tracts shall be

for that purpose by the council or commissioners of the revenues madeonlyby

warrant from

of his said royal highness, or any three or more of them, for the the prince's

: time being.

council.

CXLV . And be it further enacted, That the governors and The bank

directors of the bank of England shall, and they are hereby re- shall open an

quired , to open an account in their books under the title of The account with

the said

-Account of the Duchy of Cornwall , and carry to the credit of such duchy.

- account the several monies directed as aforesaid to be paid to the

cashiers of the bank for or on account of the purchase of any such

manors, messuages, lands, tenements , rents, hereditaments, or

other revenues of the said duchy of Cornwall; and whensoever The surveyor-

the surveyor- general of the said duchy of Cornwall shall have con. general, in contracting

tracted with any person or persons, bodies politick or corporate , for the sale of

for the sale of any such manors, messuages, lands, tenements, lands, shall

rents, hereditaments, or other revenues of the said duchy of give the pur-

chafer acerti-

Cornwall , the said surveyor-general shall grant unto the purchaser ficate, onpro-

or purchasers a certificate under his hand specifying the premises dud duction of

so contracted for, and the amount of the purchase money to be which, and

paid for the same; and the said cashiers of the bank, or one of payment of

them, thall, upon the production of such certificate , accept and the money ,

shall

receive from such purchaser or purchasers the purchase monies give a receipt,

therein specified , and at the foot or on the back of such which, with

certificate acknowledge the receipt of the said monies without the certificate ,

fee or reward ; and the said certificate and receipt shall be after- thall be enrol.

ledwith the

wards brought to the office of the auditor of the duchy of Corn- auditor of the

wall , and be there forthwith enrolled in proper books to be duchy, and

provided and kept for that purpose , separate and apart from the thenceforth

other business and proceedings of the said office ; and the said the purchaser

thall be pof .

auditor or his lawful deputy, having enrolled the said certificate feffed of the

and receipt, shall attest the same under his hand, and return the lands.

said certificate and receipt to the purchaser or purchasers ; and

from and immediately after such enrolment, and thenceforth for

ever, the respective purchasers of any such manors, messuages,

lands, tenements, rents, tythes ,mines ,minerals, collieries, woods,

wood grounds, fens, marshes, waste lands, or other hereditaments,

belonging to and parcel of the said duchy of Cornwall , and the

heirs, successors , or assigns of such purchasers, shall by force of

this act be adjudged, deemed , and taken to be in the actual seisin

and possession of the manors, messuages, lands, tenements, rents,

- hereditaments, or other revenues so by them respectively purchased, and shall hold and enjoythe samepeaceably andquietly, and

in as full and ample manner, to all intents and purposes, as his

said royal highness, his heirs or successors, dukes of Cornwall ,

might or could have held or enjoyed the fame.會

CXLVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if Contracts if

any person or persons with whom the surveyor-general of the not certified

and enrolled ,

land revenue of the crown, or of the duchy of Cornwall , shall and themoney

contract paid within 40

t

1008 Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. С. 116. [1801 .1

days , shall be contract for the sale of any of the manors, messuages, lands,

void , unless tenements, rents, hereditaments, or other revenues, by this act

the surveyor-

general of the authorised to be fold as aforesaid , shall neglect to procure and

land reve-

sue forth the certificate of the respective surveyor-general of his ,

nues, or of

her, or their contract, or shall neglect to pay into the bank of

theduchy of England the consideration money therein to be specified, or shall

Cornwall respectively,

neglect to enrol such certificate, and the cashier's receipt for the

shall order the

said money, according to the directions of this act, for the space |

certificate to of forty days, to be computed from the day on which such

be enrolled. contract shall have been made, the said contract shall be null and

void, and the consideration money, ifpaid into the bank , shall

be forfeited, unless the respective surveyor-general shall, for any

reasonable cause to him shewn for the omission of such enrolment ,

order the said certificate to be enrolled nunc pro tunc , and which,

upon such cause being thewn , he is hereby authorised to order

accordingly .

Money paid CXLVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every fum

into the bank and sums of money which shall be paid into the bank ofEng

on account of

theduchy ,

land , under or by virtue of this act, on account of the duchy of

shall be, and

Cornwall , shall from time to time be laid out by order of the

remain invest-

council or commissioners of the revenues of his said royal high-

edin the

3 per cents ,

ness for the time being , in the purchase of three pounds per cen

in the name

tum bank annuities, in the name of the duke of Cornwall; in

of the duke of which name the governor and company of the bank of England

Cornwall, are hereby authorised and required to permit transfers to be made

and the divi- of the annuities, funds, or stocks so to be purchased; and such

dends paid

into the hands transfers to be accepted by the receiver- general of the duchyof

of the receiv- Cornwall or his deputy, for and in the name of the duke of Corn-

er of the

wall , and the said receiver-general or his deputy is hereby re

duchy .

quired to accept the same accordingly; and that all and singular

!

the annuities so to be purchased and accepted, small remain in-

vested in the name of the duke of Cornwall , and shall not be

transferred or transferable to any person or persons whomso

ever, except in the manner herein- after described ; and that all

the dividends shall from time to time be paid by the said go- |

vernor and company into the hands of the said receiver- general

of the duchy of Cornwall for the time being , or his deputy , and

shall by force and virtue of this act be deemed and taken by

law to be part of the revenues of the said duchy of Cormoall ,

and shall be from time to time answered, accounted for, applied ,

and appropriated to such and the same uses and purposes as the

revenues of the duchy of Cornwall now are or would hereafter

have been liable to, and been applied and appropriated, in cale

The prince's the said first-recited act or this act had not been made.

councilmay CXLVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That

transfer to the it shall be lawful for the council or commissioners of the reve-

commissioners

for reducing nues of his said royal highness for the time being, or any three

the national or more of them, by warrant or power of attorney under their

debt, stock hands and seal of office, from time to time , to transfer to the

necessary for commissioners for the reduction of the national debt, so much of

redemption of the land-tax. the capital stock vested in the name of the duke of Cornwall arising

- 1802. ) Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. C. 116. 1009

arising from any sales made in pursuance of this act, as may be redemption

necessary for the redemption of the land-tax charged upon any tax.

of the land-

of the manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or other revenues

belonging to and parcel of the said duchy of Cornwall.

CXLIX. And be it further enacted, That, upon the redemp- The lands of

tion, by the transfer of stock in the manner herein-before men- theduchy to

bethereupon

tioned, of any land-tax charged upon any manors, messuages, exonerated

lands, tenements, hereditaments , or other revenues belonging to from the land-

and parcel of the said duchy of Cornwall, and upon the registry tax, which

shall be con-

thereof in the manner herein directed, the manors, messuages, fidered asent

lands, tenements, hereditaments , or other revenues belonging to payable by the

and parcel of the said duchy of Cornwall , upon which such land- lessees, &c.

tax shall have been charged, shall thenceforth, during the con-

--tinuance of any demise, be wholly freed and exonerated from the

-land-tax charged thereon, and from all further assessments

thereof ; and the amount of such land-tax shall thenceforth,

during the continuance of any demise, be considered as rent, and

be recovered and recoverable as such by his said royal highness

the prince of Wales and duke of Cornwall, his heirs and fuccef-

fors , against any lessee or lessees , or tenant or tenants, and by

such lessee or lessees , or tenant or tenants, against his, her, or

their under lessees or under tenants respectively.

CL. And whereas it may happen that lesfees and tenants bolding Where leffecs

lands or tenements within the survey and receipt of the exchequer, oflands with-

in the survey

under any demisefrom the crown, may have redeemed land - tax charged of the exche-

thereon, and may have transferred the consideration for the redemption quer, who

of such land-tax , in like manner as if they had been empowered by the ought not to

said recited acts for the redemption of the land - tax, to contract for thecontract, may

have tranf-

fame; nowbe it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the lord ferredthe

high-treasurer, or the commissioners of the treasury for the time consideration

being , inall such cafes, to cause to be transferred to any such for the re-

lessees or tenants as aforesaid, having so contracted for the redemption of

the land-tax,

demption of such land-tax, and transferred the consideration for the treasury

the fame, or their respective executors, administrators, or assigns, may cause to

fo much of the capital stock which may be vested in the names be transferred

of the lord high-treasurer or commissioners of the treasury arising to them the

amount of

from any sales made by them as herein-before is mentioned, as such confide-

shall be equivalent in amount to the stock which shall have ration, out of

been fo transferred by or on the behalf of such lessees or tenants, any stock

for the redemption of such land- tax which ought not to have vested in the

been contracted for as aforesaid ; and from and immediately after treasury arising from

the transfer of such stock, the contracts which shall have been sales , which

so entered into by any such lessees or tenants shall be valid and shall entitle

effectual to entitle his Majesty ,his heirs and successors, to the his Majesty

to the land .

benefit of such land- tax , from the quarter day next preceding the tax, and the

day of the transfer of such stock as aforesaid, in the same manner parties shall

in all respects as if such contract had been entered into bythe acknowledge

surveyor-general of the land revenues of the crown, according to the transfer,

which shall

the provisions of the said first recited act; and the person or per- be registered

fons towhom such stock shall be transferred , shall by writing with the pro-

under his, her, or their hand or hands, either indorsed upon the per officer.

• VOL. XLIII, Ттт original

1010Anno regniquadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. C. 116. [1802. 1

original contract , or in such other manner as the said surveyor-

general shall require, acknowledge the transfer of such stock ,

and such acknowledgement shall be registered with the proper

officer appointed for the registry of contracts for the redemption

ofland- tax, but the same shall not be liable to any stamp- duty;

and such respective lessees or tenants, or their respective execu-

tors, administrators, or assigns, to whom such stock shall be

transferred, shall be entitled to have or receive the amount of

such land-tax, from the quarter day next preceding the transfer

of the consideration by such lessees or tenants respectively, up to

the quarter day next preceding the transfer of the amount of such

consideration made to such lessees or tenants, or their executors,

Where the

administrators , or assigns , by virtue of this act.

whole of the

CLI. And be it further enacted, That where the whole of

land- tax

the land-tax charged on any county, riding, stewartry, city ,

shall not, be-

borough, cinque port , town, or place in respect of the manors ,

fore June 24,

messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments therein, shall not

1803, be re-

deemed, by

before or on the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand eight

the persons having pre- ference, the commission-

hundred and three, have been redeemed by the bodies politick

or corporate, or companies, or other person or persons having

the benefit of preference by virtue of the said recited acts, relating

ers for exe.

to the redemption of land-tax, or of this act , but any part

cuting this

thereof hall then remain chargeable for the benefit of hisMa-

1act may con-

jesty , his heirs and successors, it shall be lawful for the commif-

tract with

any other persons for

fioners acting in the execution of this act, by virtue of his Ma.

jesty's warrant under the royal sign manual, for such county ,

sale of the

riding, stewartry, city, borough, cinque port, town, or place, to

part remain-

ing unfold.

contract and agree with any other bodies politick or corporate ,

or companies, or person or persons, for the sale of the land - tax

fo remaining unredeemed, and then chargeable as aforesaid, of

any parts or parcels thereof , upon the terms and conditions, and

in the manner herein-after directed; and all such rules, methods ,

regulations, and directions, as are herein prescribed with respect

to the redemption of land- tax by any bodies politick or corpo-

rate, or companies, or other person or persons having such be

nefit of preference as aforesaid , shall be observed, practised , and

put in execution, with respect to sales of land-tax by virtue of

this act, in so far as such rules, methods, regulations, and di

Ifthe persons rections are respectively applicable thereto .

entitled to CLII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if at

preference in any time before the said twenty-fourth day of June one thousand

redemption of land- tax eight hundred and three, the bodies politick or corporate, of

shall, prior to companies, or other person or persons entitled to the benefit of

June 24 , 1803 , preference in the redemption of any land-tax, shall give notice

give notice to the said last - mentioned commissioners, that theydonot intend

that theydo

not intend to to redeem such land-tax, it shall be lawful for such commission

redeem it, the ers to contract and agree with any other bodies politick or cor-

commissioners porate, or companies, or person or persons, for the sale of such

may contract land- tax, in the same manner as they respectively might do after

any

other persons the said twenty-fourth day of June one thousand eight hundred

for the sale, and three , by virtue of this act.

CLIII. And

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimofecundoGEORGII III. C. 116.1011

CLIII. And be it further enacted, That the consideration to The confide-

be given for the purchase of any such land-tax , shall be so much ration for the

purchase of

eapital stock at the least , in either of the three pounds per centum such land-

bank annuities, transferable at the bank of England as aforesaid, tax shall be

as is herein-before directed to be transferred, as the consideration so much stock

for the redemption of any land-tax by persons having benefit ofin the 3 per

cents. as for

preference; or where the land- tax fold shall not exceed the redemption

annual fum of twenty-five pounds, then either so much at the of land- tax

* least of the said bank annuities as aforesaid, orso much in lawful by persons

money of Great Britain, as herein-before is directed to be paid having benefit

ofpreference ,

as the consideration for the redemption of any land-tax, (in or where the

cases where the consideration for such redemption shall be in tax shall not

money), according to the tables, rules, and directions contained exceed 25l.per

in the said schedule, marked (L), and the price of stock, to be ann. fo much

stock, or fo

Tascertained and transmitted to the receiver-general or collector much money,

3 in the manner herein-before directed in cases of the redemption according to

of land- tax ; and the whole amount of such consideration shall the rules in

be transferred or paid either at one time, (in which cafe the fame schedule ( L);

shall be transferred or paid within the space of three months sideration

and the con-

1

from the date of the contract), or by any number ofinstalments, shall be tranf-

within the period of one year from the date of such contract, so ferred or paid

as that such instalments shall not exceed four in number, and at once, or

within one

shall be made at equal intervals of not more than three months year, by not

from each other, on such days as the party shall elect, and cause more than

to be stipulated in the contract, with power for the contractors four instal-

respectively to transfer or pay the whole or any part of such con- ments.

sideration in advance, in the manner and under the restrictions

herein prescribed in cases of transfers and payments made in

advance for the redemption of land-tax.

CLIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every bodies Persons de-

rous ofpur-

politick or corporate, or companies, or other person or persons chafing shall

desirous of purchasing the land-tax charged upon any manors, produce a

messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, shall make out statement of

the land-tax

and produce to any two of the commissioners of land- tax acting proposed to

inand for the hundred , ward, lathe, wapentake, rape, or other be purchased

division of the county, riding, city, borough , cinque port , town, to the com-

or place, if in England , or if in Scotland to the commissioners ofmissioners of

supply of the county or stewartry, or the chief magistrate of the land- tax or

supply , or

city or burgh within which the same shall be situate, a schedule chiefmagi-

**or statement in writing of the land-tax proposed to be purchased, strate, who

and of the manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or heredita shall ascertain

ments, whereon the fame is charged; and the said commissioners and certify

the amount

of land-tax or supply, or chief magistrate respectively, thall according to

thereupon ascertain the amount of the land-tax proposed to be schedule

purchased, and the respective manors, messuages, lands, tene- (A), upon

ments, or hereditaments, whereon the same is charged, and shall production of

which to the

grant a certificate thereof in the form in the schedule to this act commissioners

annexed, marked (A), to the bodies politick or corporate, or for executing

companies, or other person or persons applying for the fame, this act (who

mayamend

which certificate thall contain the description of such manors, the fame),

messuages , lands, tenements, and hereditaments, distinguishing they shall

TTT2

the cause notice

1012 Anno regni quadragesimosecundo GEORGII III. C. 116. [1802.1

of the offer the parithes or places wherein the same may be situate, and also

to purchase the name or names of the proprietor or proprietors, and the

to be fixed on

the church occupier or occupiers thereof; and where such manors , mef-

door; and if , fuages, lands , tenements, or hereditaments, shall be separately

within 14 assessed, shall distinguish the amount of each separate aflessment

days, no offer of land-tax; and such bodies politick or corporate, or compa-

higher by il.

percent. shall nies, or other person or persons, shall produce such certificate to

be made, the commissioners acting in the execution of this act , by virtue

may contract of his Majesty's warrant under the royal sign manual ; and

for the sale ; where the land- tax proposed to be purchased shall not exceed

but if such

higher offer

twenty-five pounds, shall also give notice in writing to such

1

thallbe made, commissioners whether the consideration is proposed to be in

the commissioners

stock or money, and ifin money , then whether the fame is pro-

mullertract posed tobe paid in one sum orby instalments, and also the day

with theparty or days on which the same is proposed to be paid; and the said

making it;

last-mentioned commissioners are hereby authorised and required

and upon production of

to examine and amend such certificate, if necessary, and there-

the contract

upon to cause notice in writing to be fixed on the church door

at the bank,

of the parish or place where the manors, messuages, lands, tene-

andtransfer-

ments, or hereditaments, the land- tax whereon shall be so pro-

ring the stock, posed to be purchased, shall be situate, of the offer made to pur-

or to the re- chase such land-tax, at least fourteen days before any contract

ceiver-gene- shall be entered into by them for the sale thereof; and in cafe

ral'in England

or collector in no other offer or offers shall be made within the said period of

Scotland, and fourteen days, by any other bodies politick or corporate, or

payment of companies, or other person or persons, to purchase such land-

the confide.

ration, the tax for a higher price exceeding the price offered to be given by

party thall be such first-mentioned bodies politick or corporate, or companies,

entitled to

or other person or persons, by one pound per centum at the least

certificates ;

andonregif .

upon the amount of the stock or money fo offered to be tranf-

ferred or paidas the price for the fame, then and in such case it

tryof the contract and

shall be lawful for the said last-mentioned commissioners to

certificate,

contract and agree with the bodies politick and corporate, or

the lands

thall be exo.

companies, and other person or persons first offering to purchase

nerated from

such land-tax, for the sale thereof , according to the directions of

the land-

this act ; but if any other bodies politick or corporate, or com-

tax, and the purchaser entitled to a

panies, or other person or persons, shall within such period as

aforesaid offer to purchase such land-tax at a higher price ex-

fee- farm rent

ceeding the offer fo first made by one pound per centum upon the

outof the

amount of such stock or money at the least , then and in such

tands equal to case it shall be lawful for such commissioners, and they are

the land-tax

redeemed. hereby required to contract and agree for the sale of such land-

tax to the bodies politick or corporate, or other person or persons

whoshall within such period offer the highest price for the purchase thereof , and the said commissioners shall cause tobe in-

serted in every such contract the description of the manors,

messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, and other particulars relative thereto, herein-before directed to be inserted in

such certificates; and upon the production of such contract at

the bank of England , in cases where the consideration shall be in

stock , and upon the transfer to the commissioners for the reduc-

tion

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III . C. 116. 1013

tion of the national debt, of the three pounds per centum bank

annuities ; to be transferred as the consideration for the purchase

of such land- tax, or of such proportion of such bank annuities as

shall have been agreed to be transferred as the first instalment

thereof , being not less than one fourth part of the whole amount

of such bank annuities ; and in cases where the consideration

shall be in money, then upon the production of such contract to

the receiver-general for the county, riding, or place in England,

or his deputy, or the collector for the thire, stewartry, or place

- in Scotland, where the manors, messuages, lands, tenements , or

hereditaments, of which the land-tax shall be so purchased shall

be situate, and upon payment to such receiver-general or his

deputy, or such collector, of the fum or sums of money to be

= paid as the consideration for such purchase, every such body

politick or corporate , or company, or other person or persons,

- shall be entitled to the like certificates or receipts from the

- cashier or cashiers of the governor and company of the bank of

England , and from every receiver-general or his deputy, and

- collector, as herein- before is directed in cases of the transfer or

payment of the consideration for the redemption of any land-tax ;

- and upon the registry of such contract, and also of the certificate

of such commissioners of supply, or chief magistrate as aforesaid,

- in the manner directed by this act , the manors, messuages,

lands, tenements, or hereditaments, the land-tax whereof shall

- be so purchased, shall be wholly freed and exonerated from such

land-tax and all further assessments thereof , and all claims of his

Majesty, his heirs and successors, in respect of the fame , from

the like periods as are herein directed in cases of redemption of

land-tax ; but the respective purchasers of such land-tax, and

their heirs, successors, and assigns , shall, from such period of

exoneration, be entitled to demand, have, and receive for their,

his, or her own use for ever, and shall by virtue of this act be

adjudged, deemed, and taken to be in the actual feifin and pof-

session of a yearly rent or sum as a fee-farm rent , equal in

amount to the land-tax so purchased by him, her, or them, free

of all charges and deductions whatever, to be issuing and payable

out of the manors , messuages, lands, tenements, or heredita-

ments, whereon the land-tax so purchased was charged, on the

same days as such land- tax was payable at the time of the purchase thereof; and such respective purchasers, their heirs, fuc-

cessors, and assigns, shall have priority of security on such

manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, in respect

of such annual fum or rent over every other incumbrance thereon,

and shall have and enjoy all such powers, remedies, benefits, and

advantages, for the recovery thereof , whether by action, suit,

distress , or otherwise, as landlords by law have or can enjoy for

the recovery of rents reserved on leases : provided always, that Sale of land-

the sale of any such land-tax, and the exoneration of the tax not to

right of the

manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments there affect the

from, shall not in any manner prejudice or affect the right or King to ar.

title of his Majesty, his heirs or successors, to any arrears of rears .

TTT3

such

1

--

1

1

1014 Anno regniquadragesimosecundoGEORGII III. C. 116. [1802.

such land -tax remaining unpaid up to the period of such exone .

ration, or prevent his Majesty , his heirs or fuccessors, from using

all such ways and means for recovering such arrears as his Majesty , his heirs or fuccessors, could or might have used in cafe

such land-tax had not been fold .

On the desire

CLV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, Thatif

of the person

any proprietor or proprietors, or person or persons beneficially

beneficially interested in any manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or here .

the lands, the ditaments, which shall stand fettled or limited toor for the fame

commissioners uses, trusts, intents, or purposes, and in the same order and

may order the course of limitation, and be subject to the same charges, liens ,

whole fee-

farm rent to and incumbrances, the land-tax whereof shall have been pur-

be paid out of chased , or shall be proposed to be purchased, shall be desirous

apartof the that such land-tax shall, after the purchase thereof as a fee-farm

Jands, sothat rent, be paid and borne out of any particular part or parts only

the annual

valueoffuch of the said manors, messuages, lands , tenements, or heredita-

part be equal ments, and shall give notice in writing of such his, ber, or

their

to three times desire, to the said commissioners acting in the execution of

this

the rent ;

act as last aforesaid, then and in such case it shall be lawful for

the said commissioners to order and direct that the whole of

such fee-farm rent, whether consisting of one or ofseveral affef-

ments of land-tax, small in future be paid and borne out of any

part or parts only, and out of what part or parts of the said ma-

nors, messuages, lands, tenements or hereditaments, of which

the land-tax shall be so proposed to be purchased as aforesaid;

and in every such cafe the part or parts of such manors, mel

fuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, out of which such

fee- farm rent shall be directed to be paid or borne, shall from

thenceforth be exclusively subject thereto, and to the several

powers and remedies for the recovery thereof herein- before

mentioned ; and the rest of such manors, messuages, lands, tt-

nements, or hereditaments, shall from thenceforth for ever be

wholly and absolutely freed and discharged, as well from the

fee-farm rent acquired by such purchase as from the land - tax

before charged thereon: provided always, that the annual value

to be let of the part or parts of any such manors, messuages,

lands, tenements, or hereditaments, which shall be so madeex-

clusively subject to the payment of any such fee-farm rent as

aforesaid, shall not be less in amountthan three times the amount

such part to of such fee-farm rent at the least: provided also, that the part

be separately or parts of such manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or here-

described in

the contract, ditaments, which shall be so made exclusively subject to such

fee- farm rent, and the part or parts discharged therefrom, shall

be separately described and distinguished in the contract; of

where the contract shall have been previously entered into , then

in an indorsement thereon, or in a schedule annexed thereto,

under the hands and seals of any two or more of such commil

fioners.

Certificate of

CLVI. And be it further enacted, That the certificate of the

contracts to contract for the purchase of any such land-tax shall be in the

tofchedding schedule

form mentioned in the schedule to this act annexed, marked( D )

( D). CLVII . Pro-

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 116. 1015

CLVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it Purchasers of

shall be lawful for all and every person and persons who shall fee-farm rents

become entitled to any fee-farm rent, by the purchase of anyentail.

maybar the

land tax fold in pursuance of the provisions of this act, to bar

and destroy any entail thereof , which might have been barred

by recovery or fine , by deed acknowledged by such person or

persons, and enrolled in one of his Majesty's courts of record at

Westminster , or in the courts of the counties palatine of Chester,

- Lancaster, or Durham, or in the courts ofgreat session in Wales,

or registered in the office for registering deeds in the counties

- of Middlesex or York, as the case shall require.

CLVIII. And be it further enacted, That where the land- tax Where the

⚫charged on any manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or here-land- tax shall

ditaments, which are or shall be leased or demised at a rack rentbepurchased bya tenant

for any term or number of years, or from year to year, or atnot bound to

will , shall be purchased by any tenant or lessee thereof , who pay it, hemay

shall not be bound by any covenant or agreement to pay the retain the

land-tax during the continuance of the demise, it shall be law- amount out

ful for such tenant or lessee to retain out of the rent reserved of the rent.

or made payable on such lease or demise, during the continu-

ance thereof, the amount of the land-tax so purchased; and the

payment or tender of the residue of such rent shall be as valid

and effectual to discharge such tenant or lessee, as the payment

or tender of the whole rent reserved on such lease would have

been in case such land-tax had not been purchased.

CLIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful Trust pro-

for all bodies politick and corporate, or companies, and feoffees pertymaybe

laid out in re-

and trustees for charitable or other publick purposes ( notwith- demption of

standing any statutes of mortmain, or other statutes or laws to land-tax, and

the contrary), and also for all and every other persons or person the amount as

who, by this act, are or is authorised to lay out or invest any rent shall be

a fee - farm

personal trust property , or other funds, in the redemption offettled , fub-

land-tax charged on any manors, messuages, lands, tenements, ject to the

or hereditaments, to lay out and invest any such personal trust same trusts.

property, or other funds, under the like restrictions and regulations, in the purchase of any land- tax which shall be fold in

pursuance of the provisions of this act ; and the amount of such

land-tax shall, as a fee-farm rent, stand settled and limited by

virtue of his act to such uses, and subject to such trusts, and for

such intents and purposes, as the manors, messuages, lands, te-

nements, or hereditaments belonging to such bodies politick or

corporate, or companies, or feoffees or trustees for charitable

or other publick purposes, or other person or persons, the land-

tax whereof might have been redeemed by such personal trust

property or other funds, by virtue of this act, shall stand settled,

limited, or subject to; and where any personal trust property

shall be subject to any trust, to apply the fame in the purchase

of real estate, to be fettled to or for any particular uses, intents,

or purposes, for the benefit of any bodies politick or corporate,

or companies, or any feoffees or trustees for charitable or other

publick purposes, or other person or persons, it shall be lawful

TTT4 to

1

1016 Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. C. 116. [ 1802.

to apply the fame in the purchase of any land-tax to be fold

under the provisions of this act; which land -tax, when purchased , shall, as a fee-farm rent, stand settled and limited to

such uses, and subject to such trusts, and for such intents and

purposes, to and for which such real estate , ifpurchased , ought

to have been conveyed, settled , and limited , according to the

terms of such trust.

Whereany

CLX. And be it further enacted, That where any surplus

surplus arising stock or money arising by any sale, mortgage, or grant, made

fromfale ,

&c. for re-

or to be made by virtue of the said recited acts or of this act ,

deeming any for the purpose of redeeming any land-tax, shall remain, after

land - tax shall reserving so much thereof as shall be necessary to be transferred

remain , itmay orpaid as the consideration for the redemption of such land- tax,

be applied in

purchasing it shall be lawful to apply such surplus stock or money(but ne-

land - tax as a vertheless under such direction as is herein made necessary for

fee farmrent . any other application of such surplus), in the purchase of any

land-tax as fee- farm rents under the provisions of this act ,

which shall , when so purchased , stand settled and limited to , for ,

and upon the like uses, trusts , intents, and purposes, as the he-

reditaments so sold, mortgaged, or charged, stood settled and

limited.

Governors of

CLXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful

queen Anne's

bounty, and for the governors of the bounty of queen Anne, and for the

trustees of trustees for the time being of any trust property heretofore given

any property by any will, for the purpose of being laid out in the purchase

given for the of lands or impropriate tythes for the benefit of the poor clergy

benefit of the

poor clergy, in England , respectively, to apply any fum or fums of money,

maypurchase or other funds which by this act such governors and trustees re-

land-tax for spectively are empowered to apply in and for the redemption of

augmenting the land tax charged on the lands, tythes, or profits of any

livings, which

malliffue as a living or livings herein mentioned , in the purchase of any land-

fee farmout

of the lands. tax which shall be fold in pursuance of the provisions of his act,

for the purpose of augmenting any such living or livings which

such governors or trustees respectively shallthink proper so to

augment, and such land-tax shall for ever after the purchase

thereof be annexed to such living or livings, and be issuing as

a fee- farm rent out of the manors, messuages, lands, tenements ,

or hereditaments, whereon the fame was charged at the time of

such purchase, or such of them as shall remain chargeable

therewith under the provisions of this act, for the benefit of such

living or livings, and be payable on the fame days as such land-

tax was payable ; and the incumbent or incumbents for the time

being of such living or livings, thall have and enjoy the same

powers and remedies, benefits and advantages, for the recovery

thereof , whether by action, suit , distress, or otherwise, as land-

lords by law have or can enjoy for the recovery of rents reserved

on leases ; and every such purchase ofland-tax by virtue of his

act, for the benefit of such living or livings, shall be deemed

valid and effectual in the law , and equivalent, to all intents, constructions, and purposes, to a purchase or purchases oflands or

tythes for that purpose , any statutes ofmortmain, or other fta- tute

302. ] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 116. 1017

te or law to the contrary notwithstanding ; and it shall also

lawful for the said governors of the bounty of queen Anne,

twithstanding any such statutes or law to the contrary, to

cept and take any land-tax which shall have been so purchased

a fee -farm rent as aforesaid , and which shall be given or be-

eathed to them by any deed, will, or otherwise, for the pur-

se of augmenting any such living or livings as aforesaid, and

apply the fame for or towards the augmentation of such

ing or livings accordingly; and the incumbent or incumbents

• the time being of such living or livings shall hold and enjoy

ch land-tax, and all powers and remedies for the recovery

creof , in the same manner as if such land-tax had been pur-

afed bythe said governors, and annexed to such living, or

ings, in pursuance of this act .

CLXII. And be it further enacted, That every gift or dispo- Gifts of land-

ion of any land- tax which shall have been redeemed under tax redeemed

e provisions of the said recited acts, or which shall be redeemed for the aug-

mentation of

purchased under the provisions of this act, made by the per- any living,

1or persons entitled thereto by deed, will, or otherwise, for shall be valid .

e augmentation of any living or livings whatever, shall be

lid and effectual ; and such land-tax shall be held and enjoyed

or for the benefit of the incumbent or incumbents for the

ne being, of the living or livings which shall be so augmented

ereby, according to the tenor of such deed, will, or instrument

gift ; any statutes of mortmain or other statute or law to the

ntrary notwithstanding.

CLXIII. And be it further enacted, That no greater fee or Nomore than

ward shall be taken or demanded by any clerk to the commif . 18. shall be

ners of land- tax or supply, or chief magistrate of any city or certificate of

taken for the

rough, for any certificate of the amount of any land-tax the amount of

anted under the authority of this act, than one thilling, in any land-tax .

pect of each sum so certified.

CLXIV. And be it further enacted, That every contract Contracts

tered into in pursuance of his act for the redemption or pur-

shall be re-

afe of any land- tax charged as aforesaid, shall, before the giftered with

the proper

nsfer or payment of the second instalment of stock or money officer, who

be made thereon, or within three calendar months from the thall make

me of making the transfer or payment of stock or money three dupli.

cates of the

-reon, in cafe the whole consideration shall be transferred at amount, &c.

e time; be registered with the proper officer appointed or to of the land-

a pointed for that purpose ; which registers shall be made in tax redeemed,

oks to be provided and kept by such officer, and the said and dehver

one to the

icer is hereby required to make out three duplicates on receiver-gene-

chment fairly written, under his hand and seal, of the several ral for the

mounts of the said land- tax so redeemed or purchased, and exone- county or

ed , distinguishing the several parishes and places where the place, ano-

me shall have been assessed , and to deliver or cause to be deli- ther to the

commissioners

red one of such duplicates to the receiver-general for the of the land-

unty , riding, or place where such land - tax thall have been tax of the di.

arged, and one other of such duplicates to the commissioners vision, and

Land-tax acting for the division where the parish or place in another to the

whichKing's re-

membrancer.

1018 Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGIIIII. C. 116. [ 1802.1

which such land-tax shall have been charged is situated, and a

like duplicate into the office of the King's remembrancer of the

exchequer, whenever the same shall be required .

Copiesof the

CLXV. And be it further enacted, That every copy of the

registers of contracts shall be good evidence.

register of any contract made in pursuance of this act , and re-

giftered according to the directions thereof with the proper offi-

cer appointed for that purpose, which shall be signed by him ,

thall be allowed in all courts and places, and before all persons ,

to be good and sufficient evidence of such contract.

Where pur-

chafers die

CLXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any person who

without com-

shall have entered into any contract for the redemption or pur-

pleting con-

chase of any land-tax, by virtue of the said recited acts or of

tracts, the instalments

this act, shall have died or shall die before the transfer or payment of all the instalments of the consideration contracted to be

thall be paid

transferred or paid by him or her , without having made any

affets, and if provision by will or otherwise, how the future instalments sha

deficient the be made good, then and in such cafe the future instalments shal

contract may be paid out of the affets of the persons so dying, as a debt to his

befold:but if

the person Majesty upon record , and the executors or administrators of the

who shall be- person so dying, and the trustee or trustees, guardian or guardi-

comeveftedin ans, tutor or tutors, curator or curators, of any infant , minor ,

possession shall or other person entitled to the estate and effects of the person fo

bedefirous of

taking the dying , shall be indemnified against such infant or minor, andal

contract , it other persons whomsoever, for making good the instalments

maybe assign- necessary to complete the said contract; and if such executor of

ed to him,

administrator, trustee, guardian, tutor , or curator , shall not have

whether there affets for that purpose, then they shall and may, and they are

are affets or

not . hereby respectively authorised and empowered to fell , assign, and

dispose of the said contract : provided always, that when the per

fon fo dying shall have contracted for such land -tax , under the

benefit of preference given by the said recited acts or this act .

without having the absolute estate or interest in the manors,

messuages, lands , tenements, or hereditaments whereon the i

fame was charged, and the person or persons having the next

immediate beneficial estate or interest in succession, reversion,

remainder, or expectancy , and which shall have become vested !

in possession by reason of the determination of the preceding i

estate or interest of the person so dying, or his , her, or ther

guardian or guardians, or tutor or tutors, in cales of infancy , or

committee or committees, or curator or curators, in cases oflu-

nacy, shall be desirous of taking an assignment of such contract

in order to complete the same , then and in such case it shall be

Jawful for the executors or administrators of the person so dying ,

to fell and assign such contract to the person or persons whole

estates shall fo have become vested in possession, or the guar-

dian or guardians, tutor or tutors, committee or committees

curator or curators , of such person or persons, on his, her,

their behalf , whether such executors or administrators shall have

Persons to

in their hands affets of the deceased person or not : provid

whom con-

also, that the person or persons to whom such contract shall be

tracts are af- assigned, shall be bound to complete the fame, upon the fast

signed , shall

termis

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III.C. 116. 1019

terms and conditions, by the same instalments, and at the fame be bound to

periods, and in the same manner, and have and be entitled to complete

the same benefits and advantages as the person so dying would original

themupon the

have been bound to complete the fame, or would have been en- terms.

titled to, in cafe he or she had been then living : provided The time for

always, that the respective courts of exchequer, or the commif- payment of

sioners for the affairs oftaxes, may in all such cases give the like instalments

relief, by enlarging the time for making good any future instal- maybe en-

larged .

ment or instalments, as they are hereby authorised to do in cases

of forfeiture through the default of the party.

CLXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any person or Ifdefault be

persons, after entering into any such contract as aforesaid for madein fulfil-

the redemption or purchase of any land-tax, shall afterwards ling contracts ,

the land-tax

neglect or refuse to complete the same by thedue and regular smallrevive,

transfer or payment of the consideration (whether by instalments and be again

or otherwise), agreed to be made thereon, then and in every re -affefsed or

such case , and immediately after default shall be made in the fold, and the

defaulter shall .

transfer or payment of such consideration, or any part thereof , be subject to

such contract shall become null and void, and the whole of the a penalty not

land- tax so contracted for shall be revived and again become exceeding one

chargeable on the manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or here- sixteenth of

the considera-

ditaments whereon the same was charged prior to such contract, tion .

and such land-tax (whether the same shall have been redeemed

or purchased) shall be again assessed, raised , levied, and collected,

for the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, or be again

fold by the commissioners acting in the execution of this act, by

3

virtue of his Majesty's warrant under the royal sign manual, in

the same manner as if such contract had not been entered into;

and the person or persons so making default shall , for the non-

performance of the contract, be subject to a penalty not exceeding

one sixteenth part of the consideration agreed to be transferred

or paid on such contract; and in cases where the consideration

to be transferred shall be three pounds per centum consolidated

bank annuities, and no part thereof thall have been transferred,

the amount of the penalty shall be the value of such sixteenth

1

part of the consideration, according to the average price of

three pounds per centum consolidated bank annuities on the day

on which the transfer of such consideration, or the first instal-

ment thereof , ought to have been made ; or in cafe the books

for entering transfers of such annuities shall then be shut , then

according to the average price of three pounds per centum re-

duced bank annuities on such day.

CLXVIII. And be it further enacted, That where any land- Whereland-

tax shall have been, or shall be revived and again become tax shall re-

vive, the com-

chargeable on any manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or he- missioners of

reditaments, by virtue of the said recited acts or of this act, the land- tax or

commissioners of land- tax or supply acting in and for the divi - supply , or

sion or place, county or stewartry, or

the chief magistrate

of chiefmagi- strate , shall, the city or borough within which such manors, messuages, within fix

lands, tenements, or hereditaments thall be situate , or any three months, deli-

of them, shall and they are hereby required, within six calendar ver a schedule

months to the re-

1020 Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. C. 116. [1802 .

ceiver gene- months after such land- tax shall be so revived, to deliver of

ral, andtranf cause to be delivered a schedule or duplicate in parchment ,

mitadupli-

cate to the

under the hands and seals, to the receiver-general for the county,

King's re- riding, division , or place, if in England , or his deputy , or to the

membrancer receiver-general, if in Scotland , and shall transmit or cause to be

ifin England, transmitted a like schedule or duplicate into the King's remem-

or barons of

exchequer if brancer's office, if in England , and to the barons of the exche

in Scotland , quer, if in Scotland ; which schedule or duplicate small contain

specifying the and specify the amount of the land-tax so revived and again be-

amount, &c. come chargeable , and the year in which , and the period from

whence such land tax shall have been revived ; and in cafe such

Jand -tax shall have become revived from any period preceding

the commencement of the year in and for which such schedule or

duplicate shall be made out as aforesaid , such schedule or dupli-

cate shall also contain and specify the amount of the arrears of

such land- tax up to the commencement of such year as aforesaid,

distinguishing the amount of the land - tax so revived and again

become chargeable , from the amount of such arrears as afore

said.

Where con-

CLXIX. And be it further enacted, That where any contracts shall

become for-

tract shall become forfeited , it shall be lawful for the courts of

feited , the

exchequer in England and Scotland respectively, on the application

courts ofex-

of the person or persons who shall have incurred such penalty

chequermay

as aforesaid, or any other person or persons who may be pre-

enlarge the

time for

judiced by suchdefault , by petition to be preferred in a summary

making in- way , stating the grounds of such application, to enlarge the

stalments, and time for making good any subsequent instalment or instalments ,

grant such and to grant such relief to the party or parties as to the said

reliefas shall

appear reason- courts respectively shall seem meet , upon payment of all costs,

able , which and upon such other terms and conditions as to such courts re-

the commif- fioners for

spectively shall appear reasonable : provided always, that where

the amount or value of the penalty incurred shall not exceed the

taxes, with

sum of fifty pounds of lawful money of Great Britain , it shall be

theapproba- tion of the treasury , may

lawful for the commissioners for the affairs of taxes (with the

approbation of the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury) , to

do, where

enlarge the time for making good any such subsequent instal-

thepenalty shall not ex-

ment or instalments, or to grant such other relief to the party

ceed 501 .

or parties as to the said commissioners for the affairs of taxes,

Whereany

( with such approbation as aforesaid), shall seem meet.

contracts

CLXX. And be it further enacted , That where any contract ,

shall have

made under and by virtue of his act, shall have become null and

become

void as aforesaid, and no prosecution for the penalty shall have

void , and the

penalty has

been brought, it shall be lawful for the commissioners for the

not been pro-

reduction of the national debt , and for the receivers- general in

fecutedfor,

England and collectors in Scotland respectively , and they are

the commile

hereby required , in cases where any instalment or instalments

ducing the shall have been transferred or paid on such contract , to reserve

national debt , to the use of the publick such part of the consideration under

&c. may reserve for

such contract as shall be equal to the penalty incurred , and on

the use of the

demand thereof made to transfer or pay the remainder thereof

publick such

to the bodies politick or corporate , or companies, or other per-

part of anyfon

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 116. 1021

fon or persons interested in such stock or money, their, his, or instalments,

her successors, executors, administrators, or assigns . which may

have been

CLXXI. And be it further enacted, That where any bodies paid, as shall

politick or corporate, or companies, or other person or persons be equal to

have transferred or may hereafter transfer to the commissioners the penalty.

for the reduction of the national debt, on account of the re- Where stock

demption of land-tax, any consolidated or reduced three pounds has been im-

per centum bank annuities, which ought not to be transferred properly

transferred ,

for that purpose, or have paid or shall hereafter pay into the or money fo

bank of England any fum or fums of money by way of interest , paid to the

which ought not to have been so paid , then , and in such cafe ,bank by way

upon a certificate signed by any three or more of the commif- of interest,

the stockmay

fioners for the affairs of taxes, that such bank annuities ought be re-trans-

not to have been so transferred , or that such monies ought not to ferred, or

have been so paid, it shall be lawful for the said commissioners moneyrepaid,

for the reduction of the national debt, or any one or more ofupon certificate from the

them, or for the governor and company of the bank of England , commissioners

as the case shall require, and they respectively are hereby re- for taxes,

quired to re-transfer the said bank annuities, or to repay, out ofwho may also

direct receiv-

any monies in the hands of such governor and company on ers- general

account of interest under this act , the said monies unto the to repay

bodies politick or corporate, or companies, or other person or monies im-

persons by whom or on whose account the fame were transferred properly paid

to them.

or paid to them respectively ; and wherever it shall appear, to

the satisfaction of the said commissioners for the affairs of taxes,

that any fum or fums of money shall have been paid to any

receiver-general or his deputy, on account of the redemption

of land-tax, or on account of interest, which ought not to have

been so paid, then it shall be lawful for the said commissioners

for the affairs of taxes, or any three or more of them, to order

and direct such receiver-general, or his deputy, to repay all such

monies to the bodies politick or corporate, or companies, or

other person or persons who shall appear to have paid the same ;

and the receipt and receipts of such bodies politick or corporate,

or companies, and other person or persons, shall be sufficient

discharges for such bank annuities so re-transferred, or monies

so repaid as aforesaid.

CLXXII. And be it further enacted, That where any bank Where bank

annuities shall have been or shall be transferable to any bodies annuities

politick or corporate, or companies, or other person or persons ferable on

shall be tranf-

under the order and direction of the commissioners acting in the contracts be-

execution of this act , by virtue of his Majesty's letters-patent coming void,

under the great seal, or the commissioners for the affairs of taxes the dividends

respectively, or without any such order or direction, in cases shall be issued

from the

where any contract shall have become null and void , all such exchequer,

dividends or arrears of dividend shall be issued from the receipt and payable

of the exchequer, and be payable at the bank of England for and at the bank,

in respect of the said bank annuities, which shall have been or as they would

have beenhadshall be re-transferred by the commissioners for the reduction there been no

of the national debt, to any bodies politick or corporate, or transfer to

=

companies, the commif-

1022 Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. C. 116. [1802.1

fioners for

companies, or other person or persons as aforesaid, as would

reducing the

recueng nationaldebt.

have been payable thereon incafe the fame bank annuities had

not been transferred to the said last -mentioned commissioners.

No contract,

CLXXIII. And be it further enacted, That no contract en-

assignment ,

copyof

tered into for the redemption or purchase of any land-tax , nor

register, certi. any assignment of any such contract or land-tax , by virtue of

ficate , tranf- the said recited acts or this act, nor any copy of the register

fer , letter of thereof , nor any certificate or receipt which shall be given by

attorney,

virtue of the said recited acts or of this act, nor any transfer

nor affidavit ,

under

of any stock in the funds which shall be made by virtue of the

the recited

said recited acts or of this act , to the commissioners for the re-

acts, liable to

duction of the national debt, nor any letter of attorney autho-

stampduty.

rising any person or persons to transfer any such stock to the

said commissioners, or to accept any such stock previously to and

for the purpose of transferring the same to them, nor any affi-

davits whatever to be made in pursuance of the said recited acts

or of this act, shall be liable to any stamp duty whatever.

Where the

CLXXIV. And be it further enacted, That where the re-

collectors of spective collectors of cess or land- tax appointed or to be ap-

theland-tax

in Scotland

pointed in the several shires, stewartries, cities, burghs, and

shallnot have places in Scotland , shall act in pursuance of the said recited act

entered into

of the thirty-ninth year of his present Majesty's reign, for

bond, as

amending fo much of the said three first recited acts as relates

directed by

to Scotland , shall not have entered into such bonds to the respec-

39Geo. 3 .

c .40. they

tive commissioners as are therein mentioned, such collectors

shall within

respectively thall within forty days after the passing of this act,

alimited

or after they shall be so respectively appointed, as the cafe may

time enter

be, and before they or any of them shall receive any monies to

intofuch

bonds as the be paid as the consideration for the redemption or purchase of

barons of the any land-tax, in pursuance of this act, enter into bonds to the

exchequer said respective commissioners for the purposes of this act , or any

shall require , re , three or more of them, in such shires, stewartries, cities, burghs,

forpaying the

monies they and places , with such good and sufficient caution as the barons

receive to the of the exchequer in Scotland shall require , binding him or them,

receiver-

and his or their sureties, conjunctly and severally, for his and

general for Scotland, to

their duly paying to the receiver-general for Scotland at Edin-

whom such

burgh , at such times after the receipt thereof as the said barons

bonds or extracts shall

shall direct to be inserted in such bonds, all such sum and fums

of money as shall be paid to them in pursuance of the said

be delivered. recited acts , or either of them, or this act , for the redemption

or purchase of any land-tax, under a penalty of two hundred

pounds sterling , over and above performance, and which bonds

the said commissioners, or any three or more of them, are hereby

authorised and required to take; and the said respective commissioners shall forthwith cause the said bonds to be delivered

to the receiver- general at Edinburgh, or not being delivered to

such receiver- general, shall cause the same to be registered is

the books of council and session, and extracts thereof to be

Bonds already delivered to the said receiver- general at Edinburgh , and all fuck /

entered into

shall continue bonds already entered into by such collectors or their respective

inforce . furetis

1802.) Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 116. 1023

sureties as are now in force shall continue inforce for the purposes of this act, in like manner as if the same had been respectively entered into after the passing of his act.

CLXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That If such col-

in cafe the collector or collectors in any thire, stewartry, burgh, lectors fail to

enter into

or place , shall fail or neglect to enter into such bond as afore- bond, the

said within the period herein- before mentioned , the said com- commissioners

missioners shall, immediately after the expiration of the said forty shall certify

* days , certify such failure or neglect to the said barons of the the same to .

court of exchequer in Scotland, and it shal thereupon be lawful the barons

of the ex-

for the said barons, and they are hereby required, upon the re- chequer, who

_ceipt of such certificate, to order and direct that the confide- shail order

ration for the redemption or purchase of any land-tax in such any confide-

shire, stewartry, city, burgh, or place, where the same shall be

ration in

money for

in money, shall be paid to the receiver-general, or his deputy or redemption

deputies , at Edinburgh, or to such person or persons in such or purchase

shire, stewartry, city, burgh, or place, as he shall appoint to of land-tax

receive the fame; and after such order or direction, all and every the beepaiver

tobe to

person and persons, bodies, corporations, and companies, who general,

shall contract for the redemption or purchase of any land-tax, whose receipt

" the consideration for the redemption or purchase whereof shall shall be valid .

be in money, shall pay such consideration to such receiver- general,

or his deputy or deputies, or such person or persons as he shall

appoint to receive the same as aforesaid ; and the certificate or

receipt of such receiver-general, or his deputy or deputies, or

such person or persons as aforesaid ( and which he and they are

hereby empowered and directed to give ), shall be as valid and .

effectual in all respects as the receipt of any collector is by the

said act directed to be, in case such consideration was paid to a

collector in pursuance of the said recited acts .

CLXXVI. And be it further enacted, That in every cafe Where any

such collector

where any such collector or collectors shall fail or neglect to doesnot duly

pay over to the said receiver-general at Edinburgh, or his deputy pay the

for deputies, any such fum or fums of money within such num- money to

* ber of days after the same shall be received by him or them as the receiver-

aforesaid , as shall be specified in the bond entered into by such general, he

maypresent

collector or collectors as aforesaid, the said receiver-general, or the bond to

- his deputy or deputies , may present the bond, or an extract the barons of

thereof , to any one or more of the barons of the court of ex- exchequer,

- chequer in Scotland , with a petition, stating the sum due and praying a

process there-

not accounted for by such collector or collectors, and praying on; or he

for a horning or other competent and legal process of court may proceed

upon such bond or extract, making oath that the sum stated in according to

- the petition is due and not accounted for; and the baron or the court of

the course ofbarons to whom such petition shall be presented may thereupon exchequer.

order a horning or other competent and legal process of court

to issue , and which process of court may be proceeded in by

arrestment, poinding, denunciation, caption, imprisonment, and

otherwise, for recovering from such collector or collectors, and

his , her, or their surety or sureties, the sums due from such

collector or collectors, and for the penalty of two hundred

pounds

1024 Annoregni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. С. 116. [1802 .1

pounds in such bond, over and above the fums so due as afore

said , or the receiver-general, or his deputy or deputies, upon

making oath to the fums due and unaccounted for, shall beat

liberty to proceed to the recovering the payment thereof , and of

the penalty in the bond , by any process for recovering payment /

ofdebts due to his Majesty, according to the course of the court

ofexchequer in Scotland.

38Geo . 3.

C. 5 .

CLXXVII. And whereas by the said recited act , passed in the

thirty - eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for ganting ar

aid to his Majesty by a 'and -tax, it is enacted , that every receiver E

general in England, Wales, and Berwick- upon-Tweed, upon the

receipt of the whole affefsments of the county, riding, city , or town , b

for which he is appointed receiver-general (in case beshall have re

ceived the several duplicates of each parish and place therein, and that

duplicates shall be returned to the office ofbis Majesty's remembranur

of the exchequer, and not otherwise), shall allow and pay, according it

such warrant as shall be given in that behalfby the said commissioners , c

or any two or more of them , three halfpence in the pound , and m

pe

more, to the commissioners, clerks, for their pains in fair writing the

affefsments , duplicates, and copies therein-before directed , andall war.

to

rants, orders, and instructions relating thereto ; and whereas asu

ta

have arisen, whetber, under the said provision, such receivers-general of

are authorised to allow and pay to the said clerks three halfpence in 2

While a

the pound uponfuch land-tax, as hath been or shall from time to time

duplicate of

be redeemed; be it therefore enacted, That so long as a duplicate

91

the land-tax

of the land-tax charged upon any parish or place in respect of

7

shall be re-

the manors, messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments

quired under therein, small, under the provisions of the said last -mentionedatt

last - mention of the thirty- eighth year of his Majesty's reign and of this act ,

ed act tobe delivered to

be required to be delivered to any such receiver-general, it shall

any receiver. be lawful for any such receiver-general in England , Wales , and

general, he Berwick- upon -Tweed , and he is hereby required, upon the receipt

the clerk to

thaill allow to of the whole affeffinents of the county, riding, or place , for

the commif-

fioners of

which he thall be receiver , in cafe he shall have received such

land -tax Id.

duplicates as aforesaid , and the same shall be returned to the

office of his Majesty's remembrancer of the exchequer, pursuant

2q. in the to the directions of the said last-mentioned act , to allow and pay

pound, as to the respective clerks for the time being to the commissioners

wellupon the

as that re-

tax redeemed of land-tax, who shall have delivered such duplicates, three

halfpence in the pound , as well upon the amount of land - tax

maining which shall have been redeemed or purchased in such respective

chargeable. parishes or places, as upon so much of the land- tax as shall

remain chargeable therein : provided always, that it shall be

The treasury

lawful for the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, or any

mayorder

the said al-

three or more of them, or the lord high -treasurer for the time

lowance to

being, whenever they shall think fit , to order and direct that the

cease on the

said allowance ofthree halfpence in the pound shall cease to be

land.tax

paid , for or in respect of to much of the said land-tax as shall

redeemed.

have been redeemed or purchased; any thing herein contained

to the contrary notwithstanding.

CLXXVIII .

= 1802.) Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. С. 116. 1025

CLXXVIII. And whereas by the said last -mentioned act , it is 38Geo. 3 .

enacted , that no receiver whatsoever of any monies granted by the said C. 5 .

act to be raised in England, Wales, or the town ofBerwick-upon-

- Tweed, or any heirs, executors, or administrators of such receiver,

should in any account of the monies wherewithfuch receivershould be

chargeable , unless fuck accountshould be declared and passed in the

exchequer , within two years at the farthest after the twenty- fourth

day of March one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, be allowed

or admitted to befetinfuper, or charge any county, division, or place in

England, Wales, or the town ofBerwick - upon- Tweed, for any

monies granted by the said act which should be in arrear and unpaid,

but that the fame should remain a debt upon every such receiver, to

be answered by him and hissecurities, bis or their heirs, executors,

administrators, lands, tenements, goods, and chattels respectively ;

which provision applies only to the monies directed to be raised for the

year ending the twenty -fifth day of March one thousandfeven hundred

and ninety-nine: and whereas by the said recited act of the forty- first

-year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled , An act for extending 41 Geo. 3.

the period of preference granted and continued by several acts (U. K.) c. 72.

to bodies corporate, and persons, for the redemption of the land-

tax , and to amend an act of the thirty- eighth year of the reign

of his present Majesty for granting an aid to his Majesty by a

land-tax , it was enacted, that no such receiver should , in bis or

their account of the monies which, under and by virtue of the said

last-mentioned act of the thirty-eighth year of his present Majesty's

reign , were to be raised in or for the respective years ending the

twenty- fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred , and one thou-

fand eight hundred and one, be allowed or admitted to fet insuper, or

chargeany county , division, or place in England , Wales, or the town

of Berwick-upon-Tweed, for any of the said monies which should

bein arrearand unpaid , unlessfuch account should be declared and

passed in the exchequer within two years at thefarthest after the

expiration of such years, nor tofet infuper, or charge any such county,

division , or place in any account of the monies which, under and by

virtue of thesaid last- mentioned act, should be to be raised in or for

anyyear after the twenty- fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and one , for any of the said monies which should be in arrear

and unpaid , unless such accountshould be declared and passed in the

exchequer within two years after the commencement of the year

(every such year commencingfrom and after the twenty- fifth day of

March ) , in and for whichfuch monies should be raised, but all such

monies in arrear should remain a debt upon every such receiver , to be

answered by him and bissecurities , his and their executors and ad-

ministrators, lands, tenements, goods, and chattels respectively : and

whereas it is expedient that other provision should be made in this No receiver ,

inhis ac-

behalf , in regard to monies raised , and to be raised for any year count of the

commencing after the twenty - fifth day of March one thousand seven money which

hundred and ninety-nine; be it therefore enacted, That no such was to be

receiver, his heirs , executors, or administrators, shall in his or raised under

their account of the monies which under and by virtue of the the last- re-

cited act for

said last -recited act were to be raised in and for the respective the years

VOL. XLIII. Uuu

years ending March

1026 Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. C. 116. [1802.

25, 1800, and years ending the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight

1801, thall be hundred, and one thousand eight hundred and one, be allowed

allowed to fet

infuper, or or admitted to set infuper, or charge any county , division, or

chargeany place in England, Wales, or the town ofBerwick-upon- Tweed, for

place in Eng- any of the said monies which shall be in arrear and unpaid, unless

land, for any such account shall be declared and passed in the exchequer within

money in ar-

rear , unless three years at the farthest after the expiration of such years, nor

his account to set infuper, or charge any such county, division, or place, in

be passed any account of the monies which, under and by virtue of the

within three said act, shall be to be raised in and for any year after the twenty-

years, nor for

fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and one, or any

any year thereafter,

of the said monies which shall be in arrear and unpaid, unless

unless his ac-

such account shall be declared and passed in the exchequer within

count be

passed within

two years after the expiration of the year (every such year commencing from and after the twenty -fifth day of March), in and

two years after the ex-

for which such monies shall be to be raised; but all such monies

piration thereof .

in arrear shall remain adebt upon every such receiver, to be an-

swered by him and his securities, his and their executors and

administrators, lands, tenements, goods, and chattels respectively.

Thecondi- tions ofbonds

CLXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That

the conditions of all bonds to his Majesty which have been entered

entered into,

into by such receivers-general, or their respective sureties, and

shall relate to

are now in force, in regard to the receiving, accounting for, and

theperiod specified in

paying the land- tax within the period specified in the laid last-

1this act.

recited act , shall relate respectively to the period specified in this

act, in like manner as if such bonds had been entered into after

the passing of this act, and in pursuance thereof .

Thewhole

CLXXX. And be it further enacted, That the whole of the

of the land-

taxcharged

land-tax charged on any parith or place shall (notwithstanding

onanyplace

the discharge of any part thereof ) continue to be inserted in the

thallbe in-

certificates of assessiment to be signed by the commissioners of the

fertedin the land-tax, so long as any part of the proportion of land-tax charged

certificate of and chargeable in such parish or place shali remain payable in

afiefiment, fo

longasany part such parish or place, either to his Majesty , his heirs or successors ,

shall remain or to any person or persons who shall have redeemed any land-

F

payable either tax by virtue of the said recited acts, or any of them, and shall

tohis Majesty, have declared an option in their contracts respectively, to be

orany per-

fons who shall considered on the fame footing as persons not interested ; and

have redeem- that all such manors, messuages, lands , tenements, or heredita

edany land- ments, which shall not have been exoneratedby virtue of the said

taxandde-

recited acts or of his act, from the land-tax, thall continue fub-

clared an op. ject to a new assessiment yearly and from year to year, by an

tion, tobe considered as

equal rate, according to the annual value of such manors, mel-

persons not interested , and

fuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, not exceeding inone

year the rate of four shillings in the pound on such annual value ,

all lands not

exonerated thall continue

and that such part of the said land-tax which shall remain payable

as aforesaid in any parish or place, shall be raised, levied , cal

subject to a

lected, and received in such and the like form and manner, and

yearly affeff-

under such penalties, forfeitures, and disabilities, and according

1 ment not exceeding 48, in

to such rules, methods, and directions, as if the manors, mel

the pound ,

fuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments charged with the land

and thallbe

tax

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III . C. 116. 1027

tax so remaining payable as aforesaid, formed an entire parith or raised, &c. as

* place, and as are prescribed, directed, and appointed bythe said directed by

act of the thirty-eighth year of his present Majesty's reign, for C. 5.

38Geo. 3 .

i.

granting an aid to his Majesty by a land-tax , with respect to the Ondelivery

- quota of each parish or place: provided always, that upon the of the certi-

- delivery of the certificates and precepts to the several collectors, ficates and

for the railing, levying, collecting, and recovering such part of precepts to

the collectors,

the said land-tax as shall so remain payable in such parish or place, they shall be

the said collectors ( hall be directed to return in their schedule to directed tore-

the receiver-general for the county, riding, or place, the amount turn, in their

: schedule to

of the land-tax which shall have been redeemed in such parith or the receiver-

place, and from the payment of which such parish or place shall general, the

have been exonerated: provided also , that if any such lands, amount of the

tenements, or hereditaments are situated in Scotland , the same land-tax

redeemed .

shall continue subject to a new assessment yearly and from year In Scotland

to year, according to the rates and in the manner established by such lands

law or custom in that country.

shall be fub-

ject to a new

[yearly affefsment as established by law or custom there.

CLXXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any assessment If any affeff-

of land- tax which shall continue to be charged in pursuance ofment shall ex

ceed48. in the

this act, small at any time hereafter be found to exceed the rate pound ,it shall

of four shillings in the pound on the annual value of the manors, be subject to

messuages, lands, tenements , or hereditaments whereon the anabatement,

same shall be charged , such land-tax shall be subject to an abate- as directed by

ment, in the manner in such cases directed by the said act of the 38 Geo. 3 .

c. 5. anddu-

thirty-eighth year of his present Majesty's reign, for granting an plicates of the

aid to his Majesty by a land-tax; and that after such abatement afseilment ,

made, an assessment , specifying such abatement, shall be made specifying

thereof accordingly, and the commissioners making such affeff . such abatement, shall be

ment shall cause duplicates thereof to be returned to the said re- transmitted

ceivers-general, the commissioners for the affairs of taxes, and to the re-

the offices of the king's remembrancer at Westminster and Edin- ceiver-ge.

burgh respectively, and in the manner therein directed in other neral , the

commission-

cafes ofaffessments.

ers for taxes,

[ and the offices of the king's remembrancers .

CLXXXII. And be it further enacted, That whenever in any Whenever, in

parish or place separately assessed to the land-tax, the whole anyplace

of the land-tax charged separately

upon the manors, mesfuages, lands, tene- assessed , the

ments, or hereditaments in such parish or place shall have been whole of the

redeemed or purchased , and all the manors, mesfuages, lands, land-tax

tenements, or hereditaments therein shall be exonerated, under shall have

been redeem-

andby virtue of the said recited acts or of this act , from the payed ,theaffeff

ment of any fum or fums of money as land-tax , all assessments in ments shall

such parish or place by virtue of this act shall cease and deter- cease .

mine .

CLXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be law- Treasury may

ful for the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, or any three pay salaries

and expences

or more of them, or the lord high-treasurer for the time being, out of money

to order and direct any fum or fums of money to be issued and in the hands of

paid out of anymoniesin the hands of any receiver or receivers, any receiver,

or any publick monies in the exchequer, or any aids or supplies &c. but to the

UUU 2 commissionersgranted

1028 Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. C. 116. [1802.

not exceeding granted or to be granted by parliament for the service of the

in the

pound on the year in which such expences shall be incurred , for the payment

land -tax fold . of the allowances herein -after directed to the commissioners for

the time being acting in the execution of this act, by virtue of

his Majesty's warrant under the royal sign manual, and also for

the payment of salaries to any secretaries, clerks, and other of-

ficers acting in the execution thereof , and for discharging such

incidental expences as shall necessarily attend the execution of

this act, in such manner as the said commissioners of the trea-

fury, or any three or more of them , or the lord high-treasurer ,

shall from time to time think fit and reasonable in that behalf : |

provided always, that no greater sum shall be paid to the said

commissioners so acting in the execution of this act as aforesaid ,

than after the rate of three-pence in the pound on the amount of

the land- tax fold by them, tobe paid to and amongst them in

Account of

equal proportions: provided also, that an account of all such

expences to

expaidbefore expences shall be annually laid before parliament : providedalfo ,

parliament.

that such expences shall not be liable to account , otherwise than

before the said commissioners of the treasury, or lord high- trea-

Notices left at surer for the time being .

the last or

most usual places of CLXXXIV. And be it further enacted , That whenever any

notice required to be given by this act cannot be delivered to

abodeofper- the person or persons to whom such notice is directed, it shall be

Britain, or published in fons in Great sufficient for the party obliged to give such notice , to leave the

fame at the last or most usual place of abode of the person or per-

the London

fons to whom such notice is given, if such person or persons thall

Gazette, if the be in Great Britain, or if such person or persons shall be beyond

persons be be- the feas, then to publish the fame in the London Gazette : pro-

yond the feas, vided always, that all notices whatever which shall have been

ficient . be fuf-

given or delivered pursuant to the directions of the said recited

Notices given acts, or any of them, thall be valid and effectual for the purposes

pursuant to

recited acts ,

thall be valid.

of his act. CLXXXV. And be it further enacted, That the acceptance

Commissions

of any commission from his Majesty in pursuance of the said

under this or

recited acts, or any of them, or of this act, shall not vacate the

recited acts, feat of any person returned to serve in parliament , nor shall the

not to vacate election of any person who hath accepted or who shall accept

teats in parliament , nor the any such commission be in anymanner impeached thereby, of

office of a made void; any law or statute to the contrary notwithstanding :

commissioner provided always, that the acceptance of the office of a commil-

for sale of the fion for the redemption or sale of land-tax under the said recited

land tax be

deemed a

acts or this act, thall not, by reason of any allowance for execu-

place ofprofit

ting the fame, be deemed, taken, or construed to be aplace or

under his

employment of profit under his Majesty , notwithstanding the

Majesty.

appointment shall be by warrant under the royal sign manual,

but that the same shall be deemed, taken, and construed to be a

place or employment under the authority of this act to all intents

and purposes , and shall not impeach any claim or title which

such commissioners may have to any other allowance whatever

under his Majesty.

When any

per cents .

mallbe tranf .

CLXXXVI. And be it further enacted , That when any

capital stock ofthree pounds per centum bank annuities shall , by

virtue

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 116. 1029

virtue of the said recited acts or of his act, be transferred to the ferred to the

commissioners for the reduction of the national debt, the interest commissioners for reducing

or dividends which shall have been payable on such stock shall the national

from thenceforth cease to be issued from the receipt of the exche- debt, the divi-

quer, or to be charged on the consolidated fund; and the moneydends thereon

which would have been applicable to the payment thereof , shall shall cease to

be issued from

remain and be a part of the growing produce of the consolidated the exchequer.

fund of Great Britain, to be applied in such manner as parliament shall from time to time direct.

CLXXXVII . And be it further enacted, That the several The duty by

first -recited

fums of money arising from the produce of the duty by the said act for redemp-

first-recited act for the redemption of the land- tax, made perpe- tion of the

tual as aforesaid, which shall be paid into the receipt of the ex- land tax made

chequer in any year, shall, from time totime, be carried to and perpetual, to

made part of the consolidated fund of Great Britain. be carried to

the consolida-

CLXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and ted fund .

- may be lawful for any two of the commissioners for the reduc- Two commif-

tion of the national debt for the time being, to execute and do fioners for

reduction of

all matters and things which by this act the commissioners for the national

the reduction of the national debt are required and empowereddebt may act.

todo.

CLXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That all penalties Howpenalties

- and forfeitures to be fued for bythe party aggrieved, by virtue ( other thanto

party ag-

of his act, shall and maybe sued for by action of debt, or on grieved)

the cafe, in any of his Majesty's courts of law in England and above sol .

Scotland respectively, holding pleas to the amount of forty fhil- shall bere-

covered , and

lings ; in which action or suit the plaintiff or plaintiffs thall be howapplied ,

entitled to his, her , or their full costs, as in other cafes in the issued for

said courts; and that one moiety of all pecuniary penalties and within fix

forfeitures hereby imposed, other than to the party aggrieved , months.

where the amount or value of the same shall exceed the fum of

fifty pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, shall, if fued for

within the space of six calendar months from the time of such

penalties or forfeitures being incurred, be to his Majesty , his

heirs and successors, and the other moiety thereof , with full costs

offuit , to the person or persons who shall inform or fue for the

fame within the time aforesaid, and which shall and may be fued

for in his Majesty's court of exchequer at Westminster, for offences

committed in England , or in his Majesty's courts of exchequer

in Scotland , for offences committed in Scotland , by action ofdebt,

bill , plaint, or information , where no essoign, protection, privi-

lege, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed ;

but nevertheless it shall be lawful for his Majesty's attorney- Attorney-ge-

general in England , or his Majesty's advocate in Scotland , in cafe neral inEng-

it shall appear to his satisfaction that any such last-mentioned land, or king's

advocate in

penalty or forfeiture was incurred without intention of fraud, to Scotland, may

stay all further proceedings, by entering a noli profequi or other- stayproceed-

wife, with respect as well to the share of such penalty or forfeiture ings.

claimed by such informer or informers, as to the share thereof

belonging to his Majesty.

UUU3 CXC. Pro-

1030 Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. c. 116. [1802.

Penalties not

CXC. Provided always , and be it further enacted, That in all

exceedingsol , cafes where the amount or value of any penalties or forfeitures

( other than to

theparty ag- (other than to the party aggrieved) already incurred under the

grieved ) may said recited acts, or to be incurred under this act, shall not exceed

be fued for

the fum of fifty pounds of lawful money of Great Britain, it

before two

shall be lawful for any twojustices of the peace for the county,

justices , who

mayissue their riding, division, or place, wherein the party incurring suchpe-

warrant for nalty or forfeiture shall reside , to hear and determine any matter

levying the subjecting such party to any such penalty or forfeiture as aforesaid

same on the

under the said recited acts or this act ; which said justices of the

goods of the

peace are hereby authorised and required, upon any information

party , and commit him

exhibited, to summon the party and also the witnesses on either

to prison for fide, and examine into the matter of fact; and upon due proof

six months for made thereof , either by the voluntary confession of the party , or

want of fuffi-

cientdistress. by oath ofone or more credible witness or witnesses, to give

judgement for the penalty or forfeiture according to the provi-

fions of this act, and to award and issue their warrant under

their hands andfeals for the levying any such penalty or forfeiture

so adjudged, on the goods of the party incurring the fame, and

to cause sale to be made thereof in cafe they shall notbe re-

deemed within six days, rendering to the party the overplus, if

any ; and where the goods of such party cannot be found sufficient to answer the penalty, to commit him or her to prison, there

to remain for six months, unless such penalty shall be sooner paid

Parties ag- and satisfied; and if any person or persons shall find himseli ,

grieved may herself, or themselves aggrieved, by

appeal to the the judgement of any fuck

next quarter justices, then he , she , or they shall and may ( upon giving fecu-

sessions, who rity to the amount of the value of such penalty and forfeiture ,

shall finally determine the

together with such costs as shall be awarded in case suchjudge .

naver, and

ment shall be affirmed) appeal to the justices of the peace at the

may award

next general quarter sessions for the county, riding, or place ,

costs.

who are hereby empowered to summon and examine witnesses upon oath, and finally to hear and determine the fame;

Ifthe next

and in cafe the judgement of such justices shall be affirmed, it

quarter fef- shall be lawful for such justices of the peace, at their general

fions shall be

within fix

quarter sessions, to award the person or persons to pay the costs

days after conviction ,

occasioned by such appeal, as to them shall seem meet: provided

always, that if the next general quarter sessions of the peace thail

appeal may

fall within six days after such conviction, it shall and may be

be made to

the subse-

lawful for the person so convicted , if he shall think fit, (giving |

quent setsions.

such security as aforesaid), to appeal to the next subsequent quar-

ter selfions.

Witnesses

CXCI. And be it further enacted , That if any person or per

neglecting to fons shall be summoned as a witness or witnesses to give evidence

appear or re- before such justices of the peace, touching any of the matters

futing to give

evidencebe- relative to the said recited acts or this act, either on the part of

fore such juf- the person informing or the person or persons incurring such pe

tices, shall

forfeit40s. nalty or forfeiture, and shall neglect or refuse to appear at the

time and place to be for that purpose appointed, without a reason-

able excuse for such his, her, or their neglect or refusal, to be

allowed of by such juslices of the peace , or appearing shall refuit

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimofecundoGEORGII III. C. 116. 1031

to be examined on oath, and give evidence before such justices

- of the peace before whom the prosecution shall be depending,

that then every such person shall forfeit for every such offence

the fum of forty shillings, to be levied and paid in such manner

and by such means as are herein-before directed.

CXCII . Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in After six months pe-

default of prosecution within the time herein-before limited, nalties (other

no such penalty or forfeiture other than to the party aggrieved than to the

shall be afterwards recoverable, except in the name of his Ma- party aggriev.

jesty's attorney-general in England , and of his Majesty's advocate ed) thall be

recoverable

in Scotland , by information in the courts ofexchequer in England only in the

or Scotland respectively, in which case the whole of such penalty name of the

or forfeiture shall belong to his Majesty, his heirs and successors; attorney- ge-

and that all penalties and forfeitures, and shares ofpenalties and neral in Eng-

forfeitures incurred as aforesaid, belonging to his Majesty, his land, or the

king's advo-

heirs or fuccessors, shall be paid into the hands of such person or cate inScot-

_ persons as the commissioners for the affairs oftaxes shall appoint land, and shall

to receive the fame , to the use of his Majesty; and that in all be paid as

cafes where the whole of such pecuniary penalties or forfeitures shall bedi-

rected by the

shall be recovered to the use of his Majesty, his heirs or fuccef- commissioners

fors, it shall be lawful for the said commissioners to cause such for taxes, who

reward as they shall think fit, not exceeding one moiety of such may reward

penalty or forfeiture so recovered, after deducting all charges and the informer.

expences incurred in recovering the fame, to be paid thereout,

to or amongst any person or persons who shall appear to them

entitled thereto as informers, in respect of such penalties or for-

feitures so recovered ; any thing herein contained to the contrary

notwithstanding.

CXCIII. And be it further enacted, That if any person upon Persons giv-

examination upon oath or affirmation before any of the said com-ing false evi-

missioners acting in the execution of this act by virtue of his dence , or swearing false-

Majesty's warrant under the royal sign manual, or in any ly, shall be

affidavit, deposition, or affirmation before any mayor, magistrate, deemedguilty

or justice of the peace in Great Britain, or before any commif- ofperjury.

fioners or persons who are or shall be authorised to take affidavits

in causes depending in any courts at Westminster, in any manner

relating to the execution of this act, shall wilfully and corruptly

give false evidence, or shall in any such affidavit, deposition, or

affirmation , wilfully or corruptly swear or affirm any matter or

thing which shall be false or untrue, every such person so offend-

ing, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be and is hereby

declared to be subject and liable to such pains and penalties as

by any laws now in being any persons convicted of wilful and

corrupt perjury are subject and liable to. Persons forg-

CXCIV. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall ing, &c . any

contract, af-

forge, counterfeit, or alter, or cause or procure to be forged, signment , cer.

counterfeited, or altered, or knowingly or wilfully act or assist tificate, or

in the forging, counterfeiting, or altering any contract or con- receipt, shall

tracts, for the redemption or sale of any land- tax, or any assign- be redeemed guiltyof

ment or assignments of any such land-tax, or of any such con- felony with-

tract or contracts, or of any portion ofland- tax therein comprized, out benefit of

or clergy.

UUU4

!

ייייר

1032 AnnoregniquadragesimosecundoGEORGII III. C. 116. [1802.

or any certificate or certificates of the commissioners of land- tax

or of supply, or of any chief magistrate authorised by this act to

make out such certificate or certificates, or of the surveyor-

general of the land revenue of the crown, or of the duchy of

Cornwall, or any certificate or certificates, receipt or receipts, of

the cashier or cashiers of the governor and company of the bank

of England , or any certificate or certificates, or attested copy of

any certificate or certificates, directed by this act to be made out

by the proper officer, or shall wilfully deliver or produce to any

person or persons acting under the authority of his act, or shall

utter any such forged , counterfeited , or altered contract or contracts, assignment or assignments, certificate or certificates ,

receipt or receipts, knowing the same to be forged , counterfeited ,

or altered, with intent to defraud his Majesty , his heirs or fue-

cessors, or anybody orbodies politick or corporate, or company,

orother person or persons whomsoever, then and in every such

case all and every person or persons so offending , and being law-

fully convicted thereof , shall be adjudged guilty of felony , and

shall suffer death as in cases of felony , without benefit of clergy.

Limitation of

CXCV. And be it further enacted, That if any action or suit

actions.

shall be brought against any person or persons for any thing

done in pursuance of his act, such action or suit shall be commenced within six months next after the fact committed, andnet

afterwards, and shall belaid in the county orplace where the

cause of complaint did arise , and not elsewhere ; and the defen-

dant or defendants in every such action or suit may plead the

General issue. general issue, and give this act and the special matters in evidence

at any trial to be had thereupon; and if the jury shall find for

the defendant or defendants in any such action or suit, or if the

plaintiff or plaintiffs shall be nonsuited , or discontinue his or

their action or suit after the defendant or defendants thall have

appeared, or if upon demurrerjudgement shall be given against

the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants shall have

Treble costs. treble costs, and have the like remedy for the same as any de-

fendant hath in other cases to recover costs by law.

Land-tax CXCVI . And be it further enacted, That the several persons

commissioners who are or shall be namedor appointed commissioners of land-tax,

beingjustices,

shall be com. in or by any act or acts now in force, orhereafter to be passed ,

missioners for to carry into execution the said act of the thirty-eighth year of

hearingap.

his present Majesty's reign , for granting an aid to his Majesty by

peals.

aland-tax before mentioned, or this act, in any county, riding ,

or place, such persons being alsojustices of the peace ofand for

the same county, riding, or place, and not being persons appointed to be commissioners for the purposes of this act, by his

Majesty's warrant under the royal sign manual as aforesaid, shall

be commissioners for the purpose of hearing appeals to be made

by virtue of this act, for the division of the county or riding , of

the district within which they usually act as commissioners of

Persons ag-

land- tax andjustices of the peace as aforesaid.

grievedinany

CXCVII. And be it further enacted, That if any person or

sale of land-

persons shall think himself , herself , or themselves aggrieved, by

+ anj

1802.] Anno regniquadragesimo secundoGEORGIIIII. C. 116. 1033

any determination of the commissioners acting in the execution tax, (the con-

of this act, by virtue of his Majesty's warrant under the royal which shall

sideration for

sign manual, with relation to any right or benefit ofpreference not exceed

■ in, or any right of redemption of any land- tax to be fold by sool. stock),

virtue of this act, orwith relation to the sale or mortgage of any may appealto

messuages , lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or the grant of the commifs.

fioners at the

any rent charge thereout, for any of the purposes of this act, next petty

with relation to the redemption or purchase of any land-tax, for sessions, and

the redemption or purchase of which not more than five hundred their order

pounds capital stock in the three poundsper centum bank annuities shall be final,

would be transferred in the whole if such land tax was redeemed

or purchased , it shall be lawful for such person or persons, in

- every such case , to appeal to the commissioners appointed by this

act for the purpose ofhearing appeals, at the next petty sessions

held by them within and for the division or district within which

such land-tax, or any proportion thereof , shall be charged; and

: the said commissioners, or any two or more of them, shall, and

they are hereby authorised and required , to hear and determine

all such appeals at any petty sessions to be by them appointed,

from time to time , as there shall be occasion; and ondue consideration ofall the circumstances attending the cafe upon which

such appeal shall arise, and on examination upon oath or affir-

mation of the parties interested in such appeal, and all other persons who shall be willing to be examined touching any matters

or things relating to the matter in dispute as aforesaid, which

oath or affirmation they, or any two or more of such commif-

fioners, are hereby authorised to administer, and on the produc-

tion, upon oath or affirmation as aforesaid, of any deeds, conveyances , or instruments, or upon the production of any affidavits

or depositions in writing , upon oath or affirmation to be made

in manner herein directed as to such affidavits, depositions, or

affirmations , as may be produced to the said commissioners acting

in the execution of this act as last aforesaid, it shall be lawful for

such commissioners of appeal , and they are hereby required to

determine such appeal, and give such order therein, as in their

discretion shall seem expedient, which order shall be final and

conclusive upon all parties ; and ifsuch commissioners of appeal Commission-

thall have any doubts touching any matters or things relating to ers of appeal

thedetermination of such appeal, it ( hall and may be lawful for such may have the

adviceoflast-mentioned commissioners to require the advice and assistance , counsel, and

or the opinion of any counsel learned in the law , being a bar- may award

rifter of five years standing at the least, as to them shall seem costs, &c.

most expedient; and such commissioners shall and may award

the costs actually incurred in such appeal, and no more, together

with such expence as shall have arisen from the obtaining the

advice, afsistance, or opinion of counsel, as the cafe may be, if

any such expence shall have been incurred, to be paid either by

the party against whom such appeal shall have been determined,

or by both the parties to such appeal, in such proportions as to

such commissioners shall seemjust and reasonable ; and in case of

refusal or non-payment of anyfums so orderedto be paid, by the

space

1034Anno regni quadragesimofecundoGEORGII III. C. 116. [1802 ,

space of twenty-one days next after such determination, such

commissioners of appeal, or any two of them , shall and may issue

forth their warrant, to levy the same by distress and sale of the

goods and chattels of the person or persons ordered to pay such

sum as aforesaid, rendering the overplus to the owner or owners,

Where the

after the payment of the charge of such distress and sale : provided

consideration

always, thatwhere capital stock which would be requisite to be

exceeds sool.

transferred for the redemption or purchase of any land-tax respec-

stock, appeal

maybe made

tively , about which any such dispute as aforesaid may arise, would

to the chan-

in the whole exceed five hundred pounds in such publick annui-

cery or ex- chequer in

ties, the person or persons so thinking himself , herself , or them-

selves aggrieved as aforesaid , shall and may apply to the court

England, and

courts of fef-

ofchancery or exchequer in England , or the courts of session or

fion or ex-

exchequer in Scotland , by petition to be preferred in a summary

chequer in

way; which courts respectively may thereupon grant such relief ,

Scotland.

and make such order therein, as to the said courts respectively

shall seem meet.

Act 39 Geo.

CXCVIII. And whereas by an act , passed in the thirty-ninthyear

3. for enabling of his present Majesty's reign, intituled, An act for enabling his

his Majesty

to incorporate Majesty to incorporate by charter, a company, to be called .The

the Globe In. Globe Insurance Company, for insurance on lives, and againstlois

furance Com- or damage by fire ; and for other purposes therein mentioned ,

pany recited. his Majesty is empowered, by charter or indenture under the seal of

Great Britain, to declare and grant thatfuch andso many persons as

hould be named therein, and alland every such other persons and per-

fon asfrom time to time should be duly admitted members into their

1corporation , should be one distinct and separate body politick and corporate, by the name of The Globe Insurance Company ; and it

is thereby enacted , that in the said charter or indenture , which bis

Majesty isso empowered to grant, a provision should be inserted , thet

the said corporation was to be created and established upon this candi-

tion ; that the said corporation should lay out andinvest thesum ofthree

hundred thousand pounds (part of the sum of five hundred thousand pounds

extraordinary or capitalstock therein mentioned) , within three calen-

dar months next after the fame should be raised , in manner therein

before mentioned , in the purchase of land -tax upon houses, under the

jaidfirst herein-recited act of the thirty-eighth year of bis present

Majesty's reign, andshould, with one moietyor balf part of the net prof

which should arise to the corporation from their establishment, whice

Should remain after payment offive pounds per centum per annum

to the proprietors on the capital stock, and allfalaries and other expences attending the institution , lay out such moieties as they fheuls

arise , after making such deductions as aforesaid, in the purchase of th

land -tax upon houses, from time to time , until thesum of seven bun-

dred thousand pounds should have beenso laid out as aforesaid, unles

the whole of the said land - tax upon hauses should previously theret:

have been redeemed or fold ; and that the said corporation should be

allowed to purchase the said land- tax upon the same terms and conditions as the owners of lands then were, or thereafter might be entitled

to redeem or purchase by the fame or by any future alt ; and it is

therebyfurther enacted , that a provision should be inserted in the said charters

1802. ] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 116. 1035

charter, that the said corporation should , within three calendar months

after the date of the said charter, enter into asufficient contract or

contracts, according to the provisions of the several acts then passed

for the redemption of the land-tax, that the said corporation should

lay out and invest thesum ofthree hundred thousand pounds ( part of the

* said fum of five hundred thousand pounds), in thepurchaseof theland- tax

on houses, or land -tax as provided by that aft;and that the said corpora-

tien should , in such contract or contracts, undertake that they would

lay out and invest one hundred thousand pounds (part of the said three

- hundred thousand pounds) , in the purchase of the land- tax on houses,

orland - tax as aforesaid , within oneyear after the date of the said

charter; and that they would lay out one hundred thousand pounds

(other part of the said three hundred thousand pounds), infuch purchase as aforesaid , within two years after the date of the said char-

ter ; and that they would lay out one hundred thousand pounds (re-

fidue of the said three hundred thousand pounds), within three calen-

dar months next after the extraordinary or capital stock should be

raised , as therein mentioned, in the further purchase of the land- tax

* upon houses, or land-tax as aforesaid ; and it is thereby further en-

afted , that if at any time it should seem proper to the lords of the

treasury, on representation made to them by the said corporation, to em-

power the said corporation to purchase land- tax instead ofland - tax

onhouses, land- taxso purchasedshould be considered as an equivalent

for the land -tax on houses directed to be purchased by the said act ;

and whereas the said charter hath not been granted by his Majesty:

and whereas it is expedient that the said severalfums of money to

be laid out and invested in the purchase ofland-tax, according to the

condition upon which the said corporation is by the said charter

to be created and established, should be laid out and invested in the

purchase of land -tax , according to the provisions of his act; be it The money

which shall be

therefore enacted, That all and every fum and sums of money laidout under

which shall , under the provisions of the said last -recited act, the last- recited

and of the charter to be granted in pursuance thereof , be laid act, and the

out and invested in the purchase of land-tax upon houses, or charter to be

other land-tax, granted in

as provided by the said act, shall be so laid out pursuance

and invested, and all contracts thereby directed to be entered thereof , thall

into for the purchase of such land - tax, shall be so entered into be laid out

according to the provisions of this act ; any thing in the said according to

last -recited act to the contrary notwithstanding. the provisions

CXCIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful

of his act.

His Majesty

for his Majesty, his heirs and fuccessors, at his or their pleasure, may revoke

to revoke the several commissioners already granted by virtue commissions

of the said first-recited act, or to be granted by virtue of this granted to any

act, to the several persons therein and herein described, for the persons for

felling the

purpose of felling the land-tax in the several counties, ridings, land- tax ,

stewartries, cities, boroughs, cinque ports, towns, or places in and grant

Great Britain, or any of such commissioners, and by warrant commissions

under his Majesty's royal sign manual, to grant any other com- toany other

mission or commissions to any other persons whom his Majesty person .

shall think fit , for the purpose of selling the land-tax, under

the provisions of this act; and the persons named in such new

com-

1036 Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. C. 116. [1802.1

commission or commissions, (taking the oath herein prescribed) ,

shall have and be invested with such and the fame powers and

authorities in relation to the redemption and sale of the land-

tax in Great Britain, or such part or parts of Great Britain to

which such new commission or commissions shall extend, as by

this act are given to and vested in the several persons already

appointed or to be appointed under the provisions of the said

recited acts or of this act, in relation to the redemption or sale

of the land- tax in the several counties, ridings, stewartries,

cities, boroughs, cinque ports, towns, and. places, in or for

which they are or shall be so appointed commissioners as aforesaid; and all fsuch rules, methods, regulations, and directions

as are herein prescribed in relation to the redemption or sale

of the land-tax, and the powers for raising money, or other

powers requisite or necessary to complete the fame, under the

authority of the commissions already granted or to be granted

by his Majesty , by warrant under his royal sign manual, according to the provisions of this act, shall be observed, practised ,

and put in execution, in relation to any redemption or sale of

the land-tax, and to any of the aforesaid powers requisiteor

necessary for completing the same , which shall be made or ex-

ercised under the authority of any such new commission or commissions as aforesaid, in so far as such rules, methods, regulations, and directions are respectively applicable thereto.

CC. And whereas doubts may arise by reason of the provisions of

an act, passed in the nineteenth year of the reign of his late Majesty

19Geo. 2.

c . 28.

King George the Second , intituled , An act for better regulating of

elections of members to serve in parliament for such cities and

towns in that part of Great Britain called England, as are coun-

ties of themselves ; and of another aft passed in the twentieth year

20Geo. 3.

C.17.

of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act to remove

certain difficulties relative to voters at county elections, as to the

right ofvotingfor the election of knights of theshire, or other mem-

bers toserve in parliament, by persons who may claim so to vote in

respect ofmessuages, lands, or tenements, the land -tax charged where-

Persons claim- on may have been redeemed ; be it therefore enacted, That every

ingtovote at person who shall tender his vote at the election of any knight or

elections of

members of parliament in knights of the shire, or other member or members, to serve in

parliament within that part of Great Britain called England , or

England or

the principality of Wales, in respect of any messuages, lands or

Wales for

tenements, of the quality and value which would by law entitle

lands, the

land-tax

him to vote at such election, the land-tax charged whereon

whereon has

shall have been redeemed or purchased, shall, from and after

been redeem- the passing of this act, be entitled to vote at any such election

edorpurchaf- as aforesaid, without being compelled to shew that such mef-

shall be

entitled tovote fuages, lands, or tenements, have been assessed to the land - tax,

uponproving upon proving to the satisfaction of the returning officer , on oath

thelands

have been

or otherwise, that such land- tax hath at any time previously to

exonerated

such election been redeemed or purchased, and the said mef-

therefrom un. fuages, lands, or tenements, become exonerated therefrom, under

derthe recited the provisions of the said recited acts for the redemption ofland-

tax ,

1802. ] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 116. 1037

tax , or of this act, the said recited acts passed in the nineteenth acts for re-

year of his late Majesty's reign, and in the twentieth year ofdemption of

his present Majesty's reign, or any other act or law to the con- this act land-tax, or

trary notwithstanding.

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

Schedule (A. )

FORMof the CERTIFICATE of the Amount of the Land-tax,

and the Lands upon which it is affefssed.

А. в. and C. D. two of the commissioners

of land-tax, acting for the division of in the

county of do hereby certify , that the lands [briefly de-

feribing the lands and bereditaments chargeable] are charged with

-land-tax to the amount of [ and ofmore parcels of

-land -tax than one, repeat the description] and that the messuage and

lands [briefly describing the fame] are charged in like manner to

the amount of

making in the whole the amount

of

( B.)

FORM of CERTIFICATE of the Contractfor Redemption of

Land -tax, in Cafes where the Consideration is proposed to be

transferred in Stock.

KNOW all men, that we two of the

commissioners appointed for the purposes of an act, intituled

an act [bere insert the title of the act] for the

do

hereby certify, that we have contracted and agreed with

for the redemption by him [her, or them, as the cafe

may require] of land-tax, being the land-tax charged

upon [bere describe the premises as from the certificate of the commissioners of land-tax, or from the schedule delivered by the party]

and which premises are affessed in the affefsment made for the

of in the of

for the year

as follows, videlicet ; [bere insert an exact

copy of such parts of the affeffiment as relate to the premises before

described ]. The consideration is declared to be

capital stock in the three pounds per centum consolidated or re-

duced bank annuities, or one of them, to be transferred to the

commissioners for the reduction of the national debt, at the bank

of

1038 Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. c . 116. [1802.

times ; videlicet , of England , in the

following proportions, and at the following

stock on or before the day of

stock on or before the day of

stock on or before the

day of day of

stock on or before the

४८. ४८. ४८. with

interest, to be paid at the time of the second and each subsequent

instalment , to the cashier or cashiers of the governor and

company of the bank of England , equal to the amount of

the land -tax redeemed, deducting therefrom a sum bearing

the fame proportion to such land-tax, as the amount of stock

transferred before the time of each payment bears to the whole

amount of stock agreed to be transferred on such contract.

( C.)

FORMof the CERTIFICATE of the Contractfor the Redemp-

tion of Land-tax, in Cafes where the Consideration isproposed

to be paid in Money to the Receiver-general.

KNOWall men, that wetwo

of the commissioners appointed for the purposes of an act ,

intituled, An act [here insert the title of the act] for the

do hereby certify, that we have contracted and agreed

with for the redemption by him [ her, or them , as

the cafe may require] of land -tax , being the land-

tax charged upon [bere describe the premises asfrom the certificate of

the commissioners of land - tax, or from the schedule delivered by the

• party ] and which premises are affessed in the affefsment made

for the of in the of

for the year as follows, videlicet ; [bere insert an exalt

copy of such parts of the afsessment as relate to the premises before described ) . The consideration is declared to be so much of lawful

money of Great Britain, to be paid to the receiver-general or

his deputy, [or collector, as the cafe may require] for the said [coun-

ty, riding, shire, &c. ] of as will be sufficient for the

redemption of the said land - tax, on the day of

according to the price of stock, to be transmitted

to the said receiver-general [or collector] in the second week

subsequent to the date hereof , and conformably to the table in

the schedule to the said act, and the rules and directions therein

contained.

[If the consideration is proposed to be paid by instalments, the land-

tax to be redeemed must be divided into as many equalparts as there are

instalments, the fractions offarthings to be added to the last part ,

andin such cafe ]

The consideration is declared to be so much of lawful money

of Great Britain, to be paid to the receiver-general, orhis deputy ,

[or collector] for the said [county, riding, shire, &c. ] as will be fuf-

1

i

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. C. 116. 1039

sufficient for the redemption of £.

part of

the said land-tax, on the day of

further part of the said land-tax, on the

day of

£

further part of the said land- tax,

on the

day of

further part of the said land-tax, on the £

day of

४. ४. ४८. according to the price of stock, to be

transmitted to the said receiver-general [or collector] in the

:second week subsequent to the date hereof , with respect to the

payment of the first instalment, and with respect to the payment

of the second and every subsequent instalment , according to the

price of stock, to be transmitted to such receiver-general [or collector] in the week preceding the said days of payment of such

second and subsequent instalments, and conformably to the table

in the schedule to the said act annexed, and the rules and directions

therein contained , together with interest to be paid at the time

of the second and each subsequent instalment, to the said receiver-

general [or collector] equal to the amount of the land-tax

redeemed, deducting therefrom a sum bearing the fame propor-

tion to such land-tax, as the number of instalments then before

paid bears to the number of instalments agreed to be paid on

such contract.

( D. )

FORMof the CERTIFICATE of the Contratt for the Purchase of Land-tax as a Fee- farm Rent.

KNOW all men, that wetwo

of the commissioners appointed for the purposes of an act,

intituled, An act [here insert the title of the act] for the

do hereby certify, that we have contracted and agreed

with for the sale to him (her, or them,

as the cafe may require] of land-tax as a fee-farm

rent , being the land-tax charged upon [here describe the premises

asfrom the certificate of the commissioners of land-tax] and which

premises are assessed in the assessment made for the

of

in the of

for the

year

as follows, videlicet ; [here insert an exact copy

of suchparts of the affessment as relate to the premises beforedescribed] ;

the consideration is declared to be, &c. [pursue the fame forms as

in the contracts for the redemption of land-tax (varying only the

number of instalments) and in cases where the land- tax shall be fold

foramoney consideration , in onefum, at a higher price than the price

first offered , then add] and also such further fum of money, in

addition to the said consideration, as shall be equivalent to

pound [or pounds, as the cafe may require] per centum

upon the amount thereof; [and where the consideration shall be by instal

1040Annoregni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. C. 116. [ 1802.

instalments, then add after the direction for payment of the consideration,

andbefore thedirections respecting the interest) and also such further

sum in addition to each instalment as shall be equivalent to

pound [or pounds, as the cafe may require ] per centum

upon the amount thereof; (and where the land -tax purtbafed

shall be proposed to be paid out of any particular part or parts only

of the estate , add] And we do order and direct that the whole of

the said fum of £. shall in future be paid and borne

as a fee-farm rent , out of such parts only of the said before-

mentioned premises as are herein-after described, videlicet [here

describe the premises out of which thefee - farm rent is to be paid . ]

( Ε.)

FORM of the CERTIFICATE or RECEIPT to be indorsed on

the Contract , in Cafes where the Consideration is transferredin

Stock.

BANK

of

ENGLAND.

Days when Amount of the Name of the Receiver

Stock was

Stock

transferred.

transferred .

ог

Acceptor.

st Instalment.

2d Instalment.

3d Instalment .

4th Instalment.

&c. &c.

FORM

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. C. 116. 1041

( F. ).......

FORMof the CERTIFICATE or RECEIPT to be indorsed on

the Contract , in Cases where the Consideration is paid to the

Receiver -general in Money.

- Day of the actual Price of31. per

cents. at which the

payment of

consideration is

theconsideration.

calculated.

Amount of Name of the

money

received . receiver .

( G.)

FORM of CONTRACTfor Sale of Crown Lands belonging to

the Duchy of Lancaster.

GEORGE the Third , by the grace of God of the United

Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland King, defender of the

faith, and so forth, To all to whom these presents shall come,

greeting , Know ye, that we, in consideration of the sum of

paid into the hands of our receiver-general of

the revenues ofour duchy of Lancaster, as appears by the receipt

of the receiver- general indorsed on these presents, by and with

the advice and consent of our chancellor and council of our said

duchy , doby these presents grant, bargain and fell untoA. B.

his heirs and assigns, all [describe the manors, &c. fold] to have

and to hold the said [manors, &c . ] hereby bargained and fold,

and all benefits and advantages thereto belonging, unto and to

the use of the faidA. B., his heirs and assigns, for ever : [In cafe

there be anyfubfifting lease of the manors, &c. words to the following

ffect are to be added: subject nevertheless to the term and interest

VOL. XLIII. Xxx in

1042 Anno regni quadragesimofecundo GEORGII III. C. 116. [18021

in the said manors, &c. by virtue of a lease granted under the

seal of

bearing date on or about

unto

for aterm of

which will expire on or about

1.

In witness whereof

1

( H.)

FORMof CERTIFICATES ofContracts made by the Surveyor .

general of the Land Revenue.

-

By the surveyor- general of his Majesty's land revenue.

T

HESE are to certify, That in pursuance of a warrant from

the right honourable the lords commissioners of his Majesty's

treasury , bearing date the day of the

said surveyor- general hath contracted and agreed with A. B.

for the sale to the saidA. B. ofall [hert

describe thepremises to befold ] at or for the price or fum of

oflawful money of Great Britain, to be paid bythe

said A. B. into the bank of England , and carried to the account

of the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury [and in case of any

subsisting lease , then the following words to be added: subject never-

theless to , bere describing when and to whom such lease was granted ,

for what term of years or lives, and when the term will expire , or

which of the lives are in being] and from and immediately after the

payment of the said sum in manner aforesaid, and the enrolment

of his certificate , and the receipt for the said purchase moneyin

the office of the auditor of the land revenue for the county

aforesaid [ or of the clerk of the pipe , as the cafe may be ] and

thenceforth for ever the said A. B. and his [her or their] heirs,

fuccessors, or assigns, shall be adjudged , deemed, and taken to be

in the actual seisin and possession of the said premises so by him

[ her or them] purchased, and shall hold and enjoy the fame

peaceably and quietly, and in as full and ample a manner, toall

intents and purposes, as his Majesty , his heirs or successors ,

might or could have held or enjoyed the fame, by force and

virtue of an act of parliament passed in the forty -secondyear of

the reign of his majesty King George the Third , intituled , An

act [inserting the title of his aft ] .

Given under the hand of the said surveyor-general , the

day of

Witness to the signing by the said surveyor-general.

[ The witness to be one of the clerks or other officers

inhis office.]

FORM

1802.) Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c. 116. 1043

(I. )

FORM of CERTIFICATES of Contracts to be made by the

Surveyor-general of the Duchy of Cornwall.

By the surveyor-general of the duchy of Cornwall .

THESE are to certify , That by virtue of

awarrant from the

council of his royal highness the prince of Wales and duke

of Cornwall, the said surveyor-general hath contracted and

agreed with A. B. for the sale to the said A. B. of all [hers

describe the premises or the rent to befold] at or for the price or fum

of

of lawful money of Great Britain, to be

paid by the faidA. B. into the bank of England , and carried to

the account of the duchy of Cornwall [and in case of anyfubfifting

lease , or any grant by copy of court roll , then the following words to be

added: subject nevertheless to, here describing when and to whom

such lease or copy was granted ,for what term or lives, and when the

term will expire, or which of the lives are in being] and from and

immediately after the payment of the said sum in manner aforesaid , and the enrolment of this certificate and the receipt for the

said purchase money in the office of the auditor of the duchy of

Cornwall; and thenceforth for ever the faidA. B. and his [her or

their] heirs, fuccessors, or assigns, shall be adjudged, deemed,

and taken to be in the actual seisin and possession of the said

premises [or rent , as the cafe may be] so by him [her or them]

purchased ; [and where the purchase shall be other than for a rent,

the following words to be added : and shall hold and enjoy the fame

peaceably and quietly , and in as full and ample a manner, to all

intents and purposes, as his royal highness the prince of Wales ,

his heirs or fuccessors, dukes of Cornwall, might or could have

held or enjoyed the same, by force and virtue of an act of parliament, passed in the forty-second year of the reign of his majesty

King George the Third, intituled , An alt [inserting the title of this

at] .. Given under the hand of the said surveyor- general of the

duchy of Cornwall , the day of

Witness to the signing by the said surveyor-general .

[ The witness to be one of the clerks or other officers

in his office. ]

1

XXX2 FORM

1044Anno regniquadragesimo fecundoGEORGII III. C. 116. [ 1802.

( Κ. )

FORM of Cashier's RECEIPT.

R

ECEIVED the

day of ofand

from the above (or within) namedA. B. the sum of

oflawful money of Great Britain, being the consideration

money expressed in the above [or within ) written certificate .

Witness my hand,

For the governor and company of the bank of England.

L Cashier .

TABLE

02.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c . 116. 1045

( L. )

CABLE ,Shewing the several Sums payablefor the Redemption or Purchase of LAND- TAX ,

of theyearlyAmounts denotedin the first Column, when the Three Pounds per Cent. Bank An.

nuities areatany Prices between 60 andpar, as denotedin the second and subsequent Columns .

AD TAX

redeemed

urchafed .

60

61

62

63

and under

and under

and under

and under 64

and under 65

and under

61.

62 .

63.

64 . 65.

66 .

1

4 ㅇㅇ 5 005 ㅇㅇ

12 5

3/4

Ο ΟΙΙ ㅇㅇ ○○

。 054

ㅇㅇ

1

I 4 I 3 4 I 5

I

。

2.1 . I IO 1 101 0 I103

。

2 . 38 039 。 394 。

3. 563

4. 744 0

57 761

Ο 581 0

4

。

774

5 . 93

。

9 44

。

9 63 4

6 1

Ο ΙΙ I Ο ΙΙ 32 Ο ΙΙ -54 3

7 . 0 12 11 12 Ο 13 2

78

013 4

3

014 94 0150

015 3

1

9. 0 16 8 ο 16 II1

4

017 2

10 0186 0 18 943 019

1

II I 42 I 。 8 I I 일

005

3

ㅇㅇ 11

5

12

1 5

434

1114

1

I

310

3114 。

5 10

511

I

7 94

0

7 10

ο

98

ο

910

Ο ΙΙ

74 Ο 11 10

I

013 74

013 94

015 6

015 9

1 1

3

017 5

017 94 I

1

019 54 0 19 8

I I1 4 호

I

I 8

006

。

I

。

。

I 6

。

2

4

。

6

08

0100

○ 12

014

ο 16

○ 18

I

Ο

I

20

I Σ

I 2 24 I 2 7 I 2 11

I

2 .. 2 45 2 52 2 5 11

33 67

I

384

I

4

I

2

2 74

2 8

3..

3 6 84 3 7 943 81013911

3 11 I

4..

4 8 11 4 10 42 4 11 10

I

3 12 2

413 3 4 14 94 416 3

5

.. 511

1512 11 5 14 94 5

5.16 7

3

518 54 6

034

6

.. 613 4 615 64 6 17 94 619 11

7 2 2

74 4

7 .. 715 74 7 18 2

8 。 8833

I

8 51018854 9389679964 9 12

8 . 8 17 10 9 0 9

9۰۰

1000 10 3 44 10 67 10 911 10 13 3 10 16 6

I

23 II2

5 2 11 II 9711 13 3 11 16 11 12 0

72

I .. 12 8

461 12

6 12 12 12 16 74 13

4

2

7

074 13 484

2.. 13 6 9 13 114

12 13 15

64 1319 114 14 44 14 8 9

3.. 14 8 11 14 13 84 14 18

6 15 3 34 15 80 15 12 9

4 . ις 11 2 15 16 4 16 I

516674 16 11 84 16 16 10

5.. 16 13 54 16 18 114 17 4

I 17 15 54 18 01

54 17 9 11I

6 .. 17 15 8 18 I

3

6118 7 44 18 13 3

4

18 191

19 5

7 .. 18 17 101 19 4 12 19 10

44 19 16 7 20 2 9 2090

8 200 20 6 8 20 13

2

34 20 19 21 6 1

11

64 21 13

9.. 21 2 44219 34 21 16

34 22 3 3 22 10 1

2 22 17 2

22 47 22 11 11 22 19 3 23 6 7 23 13 11 24 I

44 9 2 45 3 10 45 18 6 46 132 47 7 10 48 2

66 13 9 67 15 9

68 17 9 69 19 971 I 972 3 9

88 18 4 90 78 91 17

。 93 6 4 94 15 8 96 5

III 2 11

112 19 7 114 16 3 116 12 11 118 9

7 120 63

133 7 6 135 11

6 137 15 6 139 19 6 142 3 6 144 7 6

155 12 1158 3 5 160 14 9 163 6I 165 17 5 168 8 9

177 16 8 180 15 4 183 14 • 186 12 8 189 11

200 I 3 203 7 3 206 13 3 209 19 3 213 5 4 192 10 。

3 216 11 3

222 5 10 225 19 2 229 126 233 5 10 236 19 2 240 12 6

444 II 8451 18 4 459 5 0 466 8 473 18 4 481 50

Xxx 3

1046 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III . c . 116. [1801 1

SCHEDULE (L. ) -continued.

LAND-TAX

10be redeemed

or purchased.

66

and under

67

and under

67. 68 . 69 .

68

and under

69 and under

70

and under

70. 71.

71 andunde to

72 .

1

1412 3

I

6 ο 0、6 0 61 4

ο

I 일 이 I

ο 6 ㅇㅇ

。

I ΟΙ I

。

I 64 I 6

D. I.T

。

2 일

。

2

2 .

。

40

。

4

12 3417

。

I 6

34

I 740 I 7

2 1 。

4 2 1½ 0 2 2

。

42

1

。

43 0 44 04

3. 6 I 14 ο 6

1 1

22

06 3

。

64 065 06

4. 8 1 Ο

4 8 341

。

8 44 0 8 6 4 0.87 081

5 . Ο ΙΟ 21 Ο 10 4 0.10 3 54 Ο 10 74 010 9 Ο 101

45678

1

I

012 2 Ο 12 44 Ο 12 7 Ο 12 94 Ο 12 11 013

7 . 0 14 3 ○ 14 51 0148 0 14 10 0151 οις

○ 16 3 ο 166 01694 017 01734 ο 17

9. 0 18 3 31 0 18 7 ○ 18 10 019 10.19 5 019

10 I Ο 4 I 。 8 I 011 I 1 34 I I 7 II

II I 2 4 I 2 84

34

I 3 3

4 I 34 I 38 1.4

S. I I

..

4541

14 9 I 5 2 I 56 I 5 10 16

2 .. 2 8 10 2 97 210 4 2 II 2 11 9 212

3..

3 13 3 3 14 44 315 533 16 7

3 17 8 3 18

4..

417 8 4 19 2 5

。 3 5 2 537 55 1

74

6 ..

56 78

..

6246311659 78 94 7 10 113

67 74 6954 611

767 8 11 0 8 13 6 8 16 13

7 13 2 715 4 7171

..

8 18 81 I

4

9 349 310

915 5 9 18

10.19 101 II

4

10I

310 4 23 10

72 10 10

2

II 65

9 ..

4 3

10 ..

12

43

12 7 11

1

12 11 7

11 4 9911 131116

I

12 15 34 12 18 111 13 2

II

..

13 8 8 13 12

4

9

13 16 9

14Ο

12

..

14 13 14 14 17 6 15

1 11

94 14 410 14 81

15 6 44 15 το

91515

13 ..

15 17 7

16 2 4 16 7

16 11 10 16 16 74 17 13

14 ..

17

2 0 17.7.14 17 12 317 17 5 18 261872

15 ..

18 6

5

18 11 18 17

16

4

.. 19 10 10

19 16 8 20 2 5 19 2114 19 8 54 19 15 11

I 210

74 2085 20 14 4

17

..

20 15 3 21 I 621 1

7 9 21 14 0

22

24 22

68

18 .. 21 19 8 22 6 4 22 12 1I

22 19 6

19 .. 23 41 23 11 1 23 18I

24 5 0 23 6

14 23 13 δε

24 12 04 24 181 ,

L

24 8 7 24 15 11

25 3 3 25 10

..

...

2 ...

3 ...

4

...

5

6

70

8

10 48 17 2 49 11 10

50 6 6 51 7 25 17 1 36 53

I 2

51 15 10 52 10

73 5 9 74 7 975 99 76 11

9 77 13 9 78 15 9

97 14 4 99 3

8 100 13 0 102 2

4 103 11

810510

122 2 11 123 19

7 125 16 3 127 12

11 129 9 7 131 63

146 11

6148 15

6 150 19 6 153 3

6155

7 615711

171

1 173 11

5 1762

9 178 14

1181

55 183 16 9

195 8 8 198 7

4 201 6.0 204 4 8 207

3 4 210 30

9.. 219 17 3 223

3

3 2269 3 229 15 3 233

3 236 73I

244 5 10 247 19

2 251 12

6 255 5 10 258 19 2 262 12 0

20 ... +88 11 8495 18 4 1503 5 ο1510 11 8 1517 18 45255

) Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 116. 1047

SCHEDULE (L. ) continued.

TAX

eemed

afed .

72

and under

73-

73

and

and under

74 and under 75 and under

74 .

75- 76 .

76

and under

77-

77

and under

78 .

6 3

4 0 06 ㅇㅇ 7

007

。。

7

I 2

134

I I

I

ΟΙ 8

。

Ο12

。

I 。

84 I

12

I

I

I 83 4

I

I 94

1

。

1 . 02 2

3414

2 . 。 454

36

18

6.10

23

I

02.30.2-4

024

2345678

023

4

6 。 46 047

048

ο

49

3. 0

。

。 69

6 10 ο 6114

I 070

0715

0

4. 。 8 10 0 9 ο Ο

89

II 093

0942 。

I

95

I

Ο ΙΙ 3 Ο 11 43

68

011104

6

1

013 34 0 13 6 013 81

1

土 11 Ο

II O

Ο 13 10 Ο 14

3

Ο 14 24

7 . 015 6I 015 9 ο 15 11 ο 16

2

ㅇ

016 741 1

8 . 017 9 Ο 18.0 0 18 3 ο 18 54

0 16 44 01880 18114

3

3

I

9.

I 03

。

I 1

to

4

I

41

I

92

I I

44

10 I 22 1 2 6

。

I

1

2.91 I

19

3 14

I 3 5

1

38

11 61 0

. I 45 I 4.9

I

I 5

I

55 I 59 I

6

II

1

1

.. 167I I 7.0 I

74

78 1 8

1

2 13 3 2 14

。

214 84

I

215 5

2 16 2

85

2 16 11

I

1

4

{

3 19 101 5664 4 0 113

4

2 I

43 244 3

454

571 113

5955 10 11

5 12

1 4

513 104

6134

3 614 113

5 I

4

61694 4618 74

7

。

54

723

719 94 8 III 842

86 I 4

887

I

8 10 94

96 443 9 8 11

9 11 6914 1

1

B 1

2

919

24

10 13 02 10 15 11 10 18 10 11

1119 8 12 2 11 12

4 634 12

4 94 11

78

9 63 12 12 10

ΟΙ Ι

1

II 8916

12 16

2

4

၁ 13 6 3 13 911 13 13 7 13 17 3 14

0 11

14 47

. 14 12 11 14 16 11 15 O 113115 50415

3

。

9 15 13

1

e 15 19 62 16 3 11I 16 8 44 4416 12

3

3 14

16 17 17

I

17 6 2 17 10 11 17 15 8 18 0

4

53 18 5 3 4

6

18 10

18 12 91 18 17 11 19.13 1 19 8 2 19 13 4 19 18 5

19

I

19 19 54 20 4114 20 10 54 20 15 114 21 I 521 6114

21 6 03

4 21 11 111 21 17 9

I

22 3 8 22 9 62 22 15 4

22 12 8 22 18 114I

341

23 5

2 23 11 4323 17 72 24 3 104

I

23 19 4 24 5 11 24 12 6 24 19 1 25 5 84 25 12 4

.. 25 511 25 12 11 25 19 10 26 6 10 26 13 94 27

26 12 7 26 19 11 27 7 3 27 14 7 28 III 28 9 3

160

.. 53 5 2 53 19 10 54 14 6 55 92 56 3 10 5618 6

79 17 9 80 19 9 82 I 983 3 9 84 5 9 85 79

106 10 4

107 19 8 109 9 0 110 18 4 112

7 8 113 17 0

133 2 11 134 19 7 136 16

3 138 12 11 140 97 142 6

159 15 6 161 19 6 164 3

6 166 7 6 168 11

186 8 1188 19

6 170 15 8

5 191 10

9 1942 1196 13

5 199 4 9

213 。

8 215 19

4 218 18

Ο 221 16 8 224 15

4 227 14

。

239 13 3 2.42 19

3 246 53 249 11 3 252 17 3 256 33

266 5 10 269 19

2 273 12 6 277 5 10 280 19

2 284 12 6

532 11 8 539 18 4 1547-50554 11

81561 18 4569 50

XXX4

1048 Anno regni quadragesimo fecundoGEORGII III. c . 116. [1801 18

SCHEDULE (L. ) continued.

LAND- TAX

to be redeemed

or purchased.

78

and under 79 and under

.80 . 79

80

and under

.81

and under

18

. 82

82

and under

.83

83

andune to

1

84

0074

。。

I

00 7 。。 7

1

7

74

100

ΟΙ 2

I 3

。

301

I

I 010.110

I100110

1 0 10 1

D. 1 . 024

02-5

049 3 .2

。

410

072 .3

I

I

73

。

97 .4

0

98

5

T

9

5678

0120

2 012

5 14 0

0147

. 7

3

.9

01

0192

0 91 16

I

I 1

7호

II 10

3

122

5610 1041016 610 18

1

• I

65 401

44

I 47

I 7 14

5 2

。

26

411 。

。

411

74

。

3

54 7

。

。

0911 910 1

Ο 12 34 Ο 12

5 91 014

014112

5 017 3 17 0

1

0 19 112 I

I

I

2

54

I

411

I

I

75

0260

。

50

1

هز

077

01

1010 10 0

4

i

Ο 12 72 0

015 1 0ις

8 017

017

。

210

I

; 281

1 . 53

I

11

S. 1.

10 18

I

1691

921 I

11641

96 I 911 1 10 3 110

8 17 2 .. 2

4 218

0731 3 104 19 2 2191

3

..

5477 46

4884499

.. 4

3 18 5 94 16 5 3 515

I

411 10 410

519 8 6I 246 :

..5

7.4

744 79 1375137793

743 54 11 7

..

113 12 8

. 7

4 17 8 152 18

I 94 10 4 4 10 6 11

7 19 8

1993 1

9

10

14 10 0 12 10 6 9 10

.. 8

6 16 11 63 13 711

6

1

125 43 2 12 5 19 11

.. 9

9 2 13 5 19 12

ΟΙ ΙΙ

I

15 813 12 13 4 9 13 0 6 13

10

74 15 14 11 11 14 3 8 14 ..

211150 15 19 14

II

13

15 171 16 I 16

12

9 16 24 5 114 5 17 ..

19 17 9 14 17 44 10 17

14 3 24 3

17 16 3 13 16

187 36 18

.. 13

18 14 94 18 1964 1943 19 9I- 19 13 104 19 18

.. 14

9 21 14 4 21 0 19 20 10 13 20 89 20 74 3 20

15

22 5 3 22 11 17 21 5 12 21 ..

52219 2214

16

I

.. 23 I 3237 23 13 0

10 24 84 4 24 10 18 23

. 17

10 24

118

261 0 15 25 9 8 25 6 2 25 4 16 124

11 18 25 18

111 27 4 5 27 8 18 26 12 26 6 5 26

2 29 7 15 28 874 28 184 28 84 14 27 9 7 27 .. 19

13 30 11 5 30 7 18 29 3 11 29 11 3 29 7 28.16 ...

6 61 10 11 60 2 17 59 6 2 59 10 7 58 2 13 57 ... 2

17

11 87 99 86 ...3

9 91 9 17 90 9 15 89 9 13 88

5 118 8 15 116 6.4 115 ...4

。

6

13 122 8 3 121 4 14 119

5

...

19 145 211 144

11 12 149 3 16 147 7

6 153 7 9 151

...

.. 7

9

8

.9

10

17776 36 175 6 19 172

18 206 5 7 1204 16 201

19 183 6 15 181 6 11 179

12 230

8 233 11 259.93 262 15 3 266. I 9 209 10 1 212 I

2456 4 7 242 8 8 239 0 10 236 4

5214 13

19 275 3 13 272 3 7 269 3

19 302 10 5 299 6 12 295 2 19 291 10 5 288

12 2306

50 613 4 18 605 8 11 598 0 5 591 4 18 81583 11 576 ..20

1 Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III . C. 116. 1049

SCHEDULE (L. ) continued.

AX

med

afed .

84

87

and under 85 86 89

and under and under and under and under and under

88.

88

85. 86. 87. 89. १०.

4 007

007 00

8

。 。

ΟΙ 3

01

4

800

8

1

I 4 I 44

。

。

1

8

。 I 42

招 。。

1

02

1 。 2

。

20 。

T

111

III

1 .

2.7

02

2

027

3

to

0 2 . 8

4

02 2

0283

。

2 . 5 2 ο

5

2

。

534

。

54

T

0 55

18

。

55

3. 079

0

7 107

0 7114

3

ο 8 1

08

22

4 .

4

52

010 7

010-8

ΟΙ Ο

ΟΙ Ο

5. Ο 1211 Ο 13

T

080

ΟΙ Ο

2

IIL

2

I

Ο 13 2

015 64 ο 15.8

7 .

018 3

0 15 10 01864

9

341214

013 4

3

013 6

ΟΙ ΟΙ Ο

013 84

○ 16

일

0 16 3

01654

0 18 9

。

18 11

1

0192

8 I

。

81 0

84 4

I 011

시

4

2

I 5

II 8

I I II

9. I

3 34 I

36

II

2

1 13 93

I 5 104

6 2

I

65

ΟΙ

I

8 54 I

8 94

II 1 19

লবলবিনন

I

414

I 44

42

I

474

I

I

694

T

I 7 I

74

1

19 52

I.

343442

T

1

.. 4 III I 12 10L

143

20

HI

.. 3 3 2 92 3 3 35.8

11 1

1

.. 413

492

341214

414 415 3 41644 4 17 544 18 7

!

64

I

+ I

.. 657 116 11 52

676864 6 9

.. 7 15 13 3

716

11 7 18 9

4 54 8 4 34

1414-2নামলাগ

1 12- 1

Q11.6 61

2

1 12

6

3 4 3

35

0

3

8 0 78

T

2

5 .. 96 2

9,842 9 10

7

912 9 9 14 11 9 17 2

T

T

7٠٠

10 17 2 10 19 9

T

2

4

II 4

10

3

7 5 11 10 일

8

..

12.8

2 12 11 2 1214

II

1412 17

02 12 19 112 13 210

II

13 19 34 14

2 6 14 5 104 14 9

2

14 12 52 14 15 94

1

。

..

15 10 3 15:13 1517

I

112

12

16

I 3 16 4112 16 8 7

T

T

1

I ..

171 34 17 5 44 17 9

44 17 13 5 17 17 53 18 54

I

2

18 12 44 18 16.9 19

I

64

T

1195 22 19 9 112 19 14 44

T

3..

20 3 4 20

8 13 20 12 11 2017 84 21

I

4

2

5421 72

T

4..

21 14 5

21 19 6 222 48

22

99 22 14

L 114

23

。

5..

23 5

1

1

5 23 10 114 23 16 5 24 1 11 24 7 54 24 12 11

4

6 ..

24 16

T

25 8

T

1 5225 2 4 22514

3 025 19

+

T

2659

7 ..

26.7 6 26 13 84 26 19 112 27 6 24 27 12

11

54 27 18 8

8

27 18 6 28

T

+

51 28 11 8 28 18 4 29 4 11

29 1164

9 ..

29 9

३

29 16.64 30

t

3

530 10 5 30 17 5

2

T

31 4 44

...

B

19

3107 31 7 11

31 15 3 32

2

732 9 11

62 62 15 10

1.2

32 17 3

63 10 664 5

2 64 19 10

6514 6

93

I

994 39 955996 79 97 99 98 11

124 2

4 125.11 8 127

Ο 128 10

1

412919 8 131 9

6 。

155

2 11 156 19 7 158 16 3 160 12 11

162 9 7 164 6 3

186 3 6 188 7 6 190 11 6 192 15 6 194 19 6 197 36

217-4

219 15 5222 6 9 224 18

1227 9 5 230

I

248 4 8 251 3 4 254 20257

。

8 259 19 4 262 18 0

6

279 5 3 282 11 3 285 17 3 289 3 3 292 93 295 15 3

310 5 10 313 19 2 317 12

6 321 5 10 324 19

2 328 12 6

20 11 8 627 18 41635 5

0 642 11 8 649 18

4 657 50

C

i

1050 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 116. [ 180

SCHEDULE (L.) continued.

LAND- TAX

tobe redeemed

and under

91 and under

92

and under

93 and under

94

or purchased .

06

. 91

and under

andupor 951

. 92

. 93

. 94

. 95

.96

I

4 ㅇㅇ

。

4

。。

2

12

18

I 4

。

I 4

18 80

5

18

。

I 54

。

。 10080

。 1

34

。

2

02

I

10

。

4

02 2

22 。 3

51

。

1

TI

工

D. r . 02 94

02

92

10 2

10 02

101 02

56 0 . 2

。

1

。 T

2

574

。

.3

。

83

8 。

3

44

86 58

Ο

8

8

هزاس

。

05

。

4 Ο ΙΙ I Ο ΙΙ

41

。

87

T

08

22

Ο ΙΙ 3 3

54

Ο 11

5 013 101 4 Ο 14 ο 0141 0 14 3

T

11 Ο

68

6011

880

5 14 0

14 0

7 16 0 6

01611 Ο 17 2

17 0 44 017

7. 0 19 4I 019 74

T

I

。

I

I 2 I

34

021ο

.9

8

I 4 11

910 16 16610

1

I 2 44 I 2 74 I 210

3

I

5 24 I

. I

78

4 I

58

2

I

。

I

3 8 55

I 59

I

6

+

I

I 874

917

ΟΙ

II

5

8

110.92

III I II 5

1

112

ΟΙ Ι

118

9

61

S. 1..

1 11

I 13 23

4 71 113

1 13 11 I 14 4

..2

36

114 S

115

11 7 3 27 537

4310 39 388

。 .. 3

81 419

i 4.. 6 12 11

95 45

55

..:: ..5

861

87113 42 614

1105211454

618 3 17 6 10 15 6

1

L

10 4 919

4

89

9 3

7

54 13 8

815 701

6

7

10

10 39

12 11 .. 7

L

741115.2

2

12 8 17 11

118

511

10 10 8 10

。

10 5 13 8

12 34

5 12 10 2

11 13 94 8 13

14 213

140 6 17 713

15 0 19 14 .. 9

2

4

58 4415

12 16 .. 10

18

15

4 12 15

341545

II ..

3 17 7 19 16 112 1615 34

6 9 18 64 185

3 20 9 18 19 .. 12

3 17 18 7 13 18

2

I

118

1710 11 6 17

11 2011 6 7 20

19I

13

22 I 6 22 6

16 20

2

44 1210 195 74 2

11 11 21 ..

9 16 21

4

11 22 34

일22 15

.. 14

10 23 52 23

240 155 23 4

15

..

114 3 25 5 18 24

9 5 24 74

17 10 24

11 26 ..

14 25 54 9 25 4

26 111

51 26

8

17 26

6

。 4

10 4 28

11 28

15 27 34 9 27 44 3 527

54

T

1

10 28

.. 17

91

18

4 30 181 29

8

2

3 29 44 17 28

102 9 29 74

T

29 16 c

30 II 4 30 17 II 31 4 64 31 11

.. 19

11 31

18 31 43 1

32

336 23 19 32 3 12 32 32 5 32

...

11 11 33 7 4 33

2

...

10 3 67 2

11 13 34 3467 3 19 33

351

IF

...3

10 7 69 2 13 68 6 18 67

15 100 9 13 99

...4

99 6

7 134 4 18 132

8 9

104 9 19 102 9 17 101

17 135

15 138 4 6 137 0

1405 8 910539 30 70

I

166 5

...

19 167 11 2

6

16 169 7

..

11 201 6 7 199

9 173 11 12 171 3

1756 7

7

12 232

15 203 6

3 208 6 19 205 6

8

6 240 9 14 237 5 3 1235

7 210 6

..

.9

11 277 8 12 274 0 14 271 4 15 268 8 16 265

8 245 5 17 242 1

: 10 4280

299 I 3 302 7 3 305 13 3 308 19 3 312 5 3 31514

. ΟΙ

20

12 2350 19 346 10 5 343 6 12 339 2 19 335 10 5 332 .

664 11 8 671 18 4 679 5 ο 686 11 8 1693 1841701 54

e . ] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 116. 1051.

SCHEDULE (L.) continued.

X

ned

d.

5 96

and under

97 and under

98 and under

97 . 98. 99.

99 and under

100.

100

and under

101 .

14 12 34

ㅇㅇ

I 5

34

I 6

9 9

I 6

。

022 2 2.3 2 023

6 。。

I ○○

。

I 6 I 6 일

。

2 30234

211

1

02 114

I

3 0

3

4 30 0 I

。

104

6 1 04 6 I

0614

0

5 8 10 Ο

5

III

I

8112

i

ο 9 09 Σ

9 2 RULE FOR THE USE

I OF THE FOREGO-

3

Ο ΙΙ 94

1

Ο 11 11

Ο 12 Ο 12 2 Ο 12

3

3

I

I

ㅇ14 94 0 14 11 ο 15 3

ο ις 23

015 42 ING TABLE.

0 17 8 0 17 101 3 Ο 18 I 18 3 Ο 18

52

56

I

1

I ο 8 I Ο 1ΟΣ I I 14 1 1341 6

Let it be proposed to

1

ascertain, from this table,

I 37 I

3 104

4 14 I 444I 4 74

4 what fum of money is to

. I 66 I

6104

I I

I 7 1 I 7 44 I 78 be paidfor redeeming or

I 96 I 9 10 I 10 13

34334

1 10 54

1 10 9 purchasing a land-tax of

1 12 54 1 12 9 3 1 13 I

113 54

1139417.16s . 113d . when the

price of £ .3 per cent.

bank annuities transmit-

115 5

11591 1 16 2 116 6

4 1 16 101 ted to the receivers- ge.1

43

3 10 101 563

3 11 3 12

7

4 3134 3 13

92 neral shall be 70 and

5 7 4 5 8 5 59 7

510

84under71.

I

7

73

I 8 24 4

7474 76 7 7 7 In the column denomi-

817

13 818 113 9 099 2 74 9 4 5 nated

4

1 70

10 12 7 10 141 10 16 113 10 19 2 II I 42 and under

工

4

12 8 12 10 6 12 13 13 12 15 84 12 18 34 71.

14 3 5 14 6 4 14 9 3

14 12 24 14 15 23. d . 1000 -258 19 2

f. s. d.

15 18 104 16 2 2 16 5 5

16 8 94 16 12 04700 I

181 55

17 14 3 17 17 11 18 7I

I

18 5 3 18 81 0 160

20 144

138 83 4

.. 19 9 8 19 13 9 19 17.9

21 51 21

4 96 21 1311

20 21 18

I 9420 51040011

44 222

.. 23 Ο 723 54 23 10

1423 14 10 23 19

976

ㅇㅇㅇ 룩-

017

4

74

24 16

。

25

1

14 25 6 3 25 11

525 16 6

26 11 5 26 16 11 27

2

341214

17 16

113-

46243

4

527 7 11 27 13 5 年

28 6 10 28 12 8 28 18

I

Amount of money to be

71

29 4 52

29 10

4

paid for the redemp.

1

.. 30 2

330864 30 14 94 31

I

。

31 7 24

tion or purchase is

..

31 17 84 32 4 4 32 10

11

32 171

63

33 4 1 6.462 . 4s. 3d .

..

33 13 1 340

I 34 7

I

3414

35

I4

3587 35 15 11

36 3 3 36 10

736 17 11

..

70 17 71.11 10

2

72 6 6 73

[

2

73 15 10

106 59 107 79

108 9 9 109 11

9 110 13 9

..

141 14 4 143 3 8 144 13

0 146 2

4 147 11

8

177 211 178 19 7 180 16

6 214 15 6 216 19212 11

3 182 12 11 18497

6 219 3 6 221

76

248 0

1 250 11 5 2532

9 255 14

1 258 5 5

..

283 8 8 286 74 289 60 292 4 8 295 3 4

..

318 17 3 322 3 3 325 9

3 328 15 3 332

I

3

354 5 10 357 19

2 361 12

6 365 5 10 368 19

2

708 11 8715 18 4 723 5 0730 11 8 737 18 4

1052 Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. C. 117. [ 1802 .

CAP. CXVII.

An act for granting to his Majesty certain additional duties on goi

imported into and exportedfrom Ireland. -[June 28 , 1802.]

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the

commons united kingdom of Great Britain and

Ireland in parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary fup-

plies to defray your Majesty's publick expences, and making a

permanent addition to the publick revenue of Ireland , have freely

and voluntarily resolved to give andgrant unto your Majesty the

several new and additional duties herein-after mentioned and do

therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be

enacted ; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty ,

by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and

temporal , and commons, in this present parliament afssembled ,

From July 5, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the fifth

1802 , the ad- day of July one thousand eight hundred and two , there shall be

ditional duties raised, levied, collected, and paid unto his Majesty , his heirs or

in the annexed

tables, A., B., successors, upon goods, wares, or merchandize imported a

and C. , thall brought into Ireland from parts beyond the seas, and upon goods ,

bepaid. wares, or merchandize exported from Ireland , the several new

and additional duties, as the same are respectively inserted , de

scribed, and fet forth in figures in the tables hereunto annexed,

Theduties in marked A., B., and C., except as in this act is provided.

tables A. and II. And be it enacted, That the several duties in the said

B. shall not,

on exportation tables , marked A. and B., payable on the importation into

of thegoods, Ireland of the several goods, wares, and merchandize therein-

exceptto mentioned, shall not, on the exportation of such goods, except

Great Britain , to Great Britain , be drawn back.

be drawn

back.

III. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where , by

Where, by

the table hereunto annexed, marked A., the new and additional

tableA., the

duties by this act imposed upon the importation ofgoods, wares,

duties are

and merchandize into Ireland are charged, not according to the

charged according to

weight, tale, gauge , or measure, but according to the value

value , such

thereof , such value shall be taken and considered as the fame

value shall be

shall be at the port of importation without any abatement of

taken as at

deduction whatever, except of so much as the duties payable on

the port of

importation, the importation thereof by this or any other act of parliament |

deducting du shall amount to, and that such value thall be ascertained by the

ties, andafcer- oath of the importer or proprietor of such goods, wares, or mer

tainedaccord- chandize, or of his known agent or factor, under all the rules

ing to an Irish and regulations, and subject to the same forfeitures and penalties

of40

Geo. 3. and as are prescribed, directed, and imposed in such cases, by an act

ifnottruly passed in the parliament of Ireland , in the fortieth year of the

valued, thereign of his present Majesty, intituled, An attfor better regulating

goods may be the collection of bis Majesty's revenue, and for preventing offrames

detainedby

the officers of therein , and for repealing an act made in the thirty-ninth year of the

thecustoms. reign of his present Majesty, intituled , “ An att for continuing , and

amending several laws relating to his Majesty's revenue, and for the

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 117. 1053

more effectually preventing the frauds therein, and the severalacts and

statutes which are mentioned , to be continued by the said att ;" and in

case such goods, wares, or merchandize shall not be valued

according to the true and real value thereof , and according to

the true intent and meaning of his act, then it shall be lawful

for the proper officer or officers of the customs, to cause the

fame to be detained, and the said goods , wares, or merchandize

shall be dealt with, and the proper officers of the customs shall

proceed in every respect in the manner prescribed in such cafe

by the said recited act.:

IV. And be it further enacted , That ifupon the importation Ifthe real va-

of any goods, wares, or merchandize, on which the new andlue cannot be

additional duties hereby imposed are charged in the table here- ascertained

without the

- unto annexed, marked A. , according to the value thereof , the goods being

importer or proprietor of such goods, wares, or merchandize , his landed and

known agent or factor, shall not be able to make an entry of examined, a

such goods, wares, or merchandize, according to the true and deposit to

securethe

real value thereof , without the same being landed and examined, new duties

such importer, proprietor, agent, or factor, shall , upon making may be made,

- oath before the collector or comptroller of the customs at the and when

port of importation , that he is not enabled to ascertain the true ascertained ,

the duties to

and real value thereof , in the manner in this act prescribed, be be paid before

at liberty to make a deposit, sufficient to secure the new and delivery of

:additional duties hereby imposed; and the value of such goods, the goods ;

wares, or merchandize shall , in such cafe , as soon as may be

after the examination thereof , be ascertained by the oath of such

importer, proprietor, agent, or factor , in the manner and subject

to the rules, regulations, forfeitures, and penalties in this act di-

rected, and the said newand additional duties shall be paid (except

as in this act is provided) before the delivery of such goods,

wares, or merchandize; and if the value of any such goods, and iftheir

wares, or merchandize imported into Ireland , cannot after exa- value cannot

be ascertained

mination thereof be ascertained, so as to enable the importer or without being

proprietor thereof , or his known agent or factor, to make an fold , they may

entryaccording to the real value thereof , without the said goods, be delivered

wares, or merchandize being publickly fold, and the same shall for that pur-

be made appear to the satisfaction of the commissioners of hispose onpay-

ment of Majesty'scustoms, or any three or more of them , in Ireland , the former duties.

faidgoods, wares, or merchandize, after payment of the duties &c.

charged thereon, by anyformer act or acts of parliament in force

onor immediately before the fifth day of July one thousand eight

hundred and two, shall and may be delivered for the purpose of

being so publickly fold, such deposit being made as aforesaid, and

theentry of such goods, wares, or merchandize shall , in such

cafe ,be completed within sevendays after such sale, and the new

and additional duties hereby imposed shall bepaid upon the value

thereof , according to the price at which such goods, wares, or

merchandizeshall have been fo publickly fold, without any abatement or deduction whatever, except of so much as the duties

payable on the importation thereof by this or any other act of

parliament hall amount to , such price to be ascertained by the

oath

1054Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. c . 117. [1802 .

oath of the importer or proprietor of such goods , wares, or merchandize, or of his known agent or factor , before the collector

or comptroller of the customs at the port of importation.

From July 5, V. Provided always and be it further enacted, That, from and

1802, no wine after the fifth day of July one thousand eight hundred and two,

imported since Jan. 1, no wine which shall have been imported into Ireland since the

1802, shall be first day of January one thousand eight hundred and two, shall

taken out of any ware-

house where be taken out of any warehouse or place wherein it shall have been

deposited and secured under his Majesty's locks, by virtue of any

deposited act or acts of parliament in force, on or immediately before the

until the ad- passing of this act, for the purpose of being used or consumedin

ditional duties Ireland , unless and until the new and additional duties imposed

shall be paid. by this act shall have been paid.

Where , by

table B. the

VI. And be it further enacted, That in cases where, by the

duties on

table hereunto annexed, marked B., the new and additional duties

goods im-

hereby imposed on importation into Ireland upon goods, wares ,

ported into

and merchandize, which had been imported into Great Britain

Ireland,

which had

bythe United Company of Merchants of England trading to the

been imported East Indies, are charged not according to the weight, tale, gauge ,

into Great

or measure, but according to the value thereof , such value shall

Britain by be ascertained by the gross price at which such goods, wares, or

the East-India merchandize shall be fold at the publick sales of the said com-

company, are

chargedac-

pany; and the said new and additional duties shall be paid thereon

cording to

as the same are inserted , described, and fet forth in the said table

thevalue , it

marked B., the said price to be inserted in the cocquets, and to

shall be af-

be farther ascertained by reference to the sale books of the East-

thetained byce India company, according to the manner established in Ireland

gross price

at the publick for ascertaining the price of teas imported into Ireland .

sales, &c. VII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where any

Whereby *

goods, wares, and merchandize imported or brought into Ireland ,

tableA. prize and condemned as prize , and on which the new and additional

goods are to duties are by this act imposed, andcharged in the table hereunto

be charged according to annexed marked A., not according to the weight, tale , gauge , or

their value, it measure, but according to the value thereof , such value shall be

shall be ascer- ascertained by the gross price at which such goods, wares, or

tained at the merchandize shall be publickly fold , without any deduction of

gross price at abatement whatever.

which such

goods thallbe VIII . Provided always, and be it further enacted, That

publicklyfold . nothing in this act shall extend, or be construed to extend , to

Duties not to charge with the new and additional duties hereby imposed on

extend to cer- goods, wares, and merchandize imported into Ireland , the follow-

tain articles. ing articles ; videlicet ,

Bullion, or foreign coin ofgold or silver.

Fresh fish , taken and imported in ships or vessels of the built of

the United Kingdom, owned , navigated , and registered

according to law.

Turbots and lobsters, however taken or imported .

Corn or grain.

Flax, rough or undressed,

Linfeed, or flax -feed.

i

Hemp,

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. C. 117. 1055

Hemp, and tow ofhemp.

Hemp- feed.

- Iron unwrought.

Ashes ofall kinds, including barilla.

Smalts .

Salt.

Oak- bark .

Sugar. Cinnamon, cloves, mace, and nutmegs; and furs and skins of

the produce of and imported from any British colony

or plantation in America.

Sheep's -wool.

Spanish-wool.

Raw linen yarn made of flax.

Tobacco, coffee, cocoa-nuts, or rice , imported and warehoused,

unless and until such tobacco , coffee , cocoa-nuts, or rice ,

shall be taken out of such warehouse for the purpose of

being used or consumed in Ireland; in which case the said

new and additional duties shall be paid to the proper

officer of the customs, before suchtobacco, coffee, cocoa-

nuts, or rice, shall be delivered out of such warehouse

for the purpose ofbeing so used or consumed.

Goods, wares, or merchandize of the growth, produce, or

manufacture of Great Britain, imported directly from

thence into Ireland.

-Goods, wares, or merchandize imported into Ireland , having

been imported into Great Britain, from Hudson's Bay by

the Hudson's Bay company.

Goods, wares or merchandize of the growth, produce, or

manufacture of the islands ofGuernsey, Jersey, Alderney,

Sark, or Man, imported into Ireland directly from the

said islands respectively , in case such goods, wares, or

merchandize were allowed by any act or acts of parliament in force on or immediately before the passing of

this act, to be imported without the payment of any du-

ty, except such duty as is nowor shall hereafter, for the

time being, be due and payable for the like goods of the

growth, produce, or manufacture of Ireland; subject,

nevertheless, to all the rules, regulations, restrictions,

penalties, and forfeitures, to which the same are liable

when imported from the said istands without payment

of the customs or other duties as aforesaid, under the

authority of any act or acts of parliament in force on or

immediately before the passing of this act.

Goods , wares, or merchandize, being of the growth and produce

of any foreign colony, island, or plantationin America, and

imported into Ireland directly from any such colony ,

island, or plantation in any British or Irish built ship or

1vessel, owned, navigated, and registered according to

• law , or in any ship or vessel belonging to any of thefub-

jects of the United States ofAmerica, or of any other

country

1056 Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. C.117. [1802,

country or place in amity with his Majesty ; provided

such goods, wares, and merchandize shall be permitted

to be landed and warehoused in Ireland , by virtue of and

under the authority of any order or orders of the lord-

lieutenant or other chief governor or governors of

Ireland in council : provided also, that in cafe any

such goods, wares, or merchandize shall be taken

out of any such warehouse, for the purpose of

being used or consumed in Ireland , the said new

and additional duties shall be paid to the collector of

the port, before any such goods, wares, or merchandize

shall be delivered out of any such warehouse for the

purpose ofbeing so used or consumed.

Articles of provision which shall be permitted to be entered and

landed in Ireland , without payment of any duty, by

virtue and under the authority of any order or orders

of the lord-lieutenant or other chief governor or govern-

ors of Ireland.

Importers of

IX . Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall

of the foundland

the produce and may be lawful for the importer, proprietor, or consignee of

any fith, oil, blubber , seal skins, or other produce of the British

fishery , di-

Newfoundland fishery , imported into Ireland , directly from the

rectly from Newfound-

island of Newfoundland , to give bond to his Majesty, his heirs

land , may

and successors, with one sufficient surety , in the penalty of

give bond in

treble the amount of the supposed or estimated duty on such fith ,

treble thesup- oil, or other produce as aforesaid, with condition that such fish ,

posed duty , oil , or other produce of the said fishery shall be duly exported

that it shall

be exported,

from Ireland , or that the new and additional duties by this act

or that the

imposed on the importation thereof , shall be paid within twelve

additional

calendar months from the date of such bond; which bond shall

duties shall be be taken by the collector of import duties at the port of impor-

paid in ayear tation, who is hereby authorised and required to take suchbond.

Where, by X. And be it further enacted, That in all cafes where , by

tableC., the the table hereunto annexed marked C., the new and additional

duties on the duties by this act imposed upon the exportation ofgoods, wares ,

exportation and merchandize from Ireland are charged , not according to the

ofgoods are

charged ac weight , tale, gauge, or measure , but according to the value

cording to the thereof , such value shall be taken and considered as the same

value , it shall shall be at the port ofexportation, without anydeduction or abate-

be taken as at ment whatever, except of so much as the duties paid or payable

theportof

exportation, by this or any other act of parliament, on any such goods, wares,

deducting the or merchandize thall amount to; and that such value shall be

duties; and ascertained, (except as in this act is provided ), by the oath

ifnot truly of the exporter or proprietor of such goods, wares, and mer-

valued, they

maybede- chandize, or of his known agent or factor, in the manner

tained , bythe and form, and under all the rules and regulations and subject to

officers of the the same forfeitures and penalties as are prescribed , directed, and

customs. imposed for ascertaining and collecting the duties to be paid ,

according to the value thereof , bythe said recited act passed in the

1802. ] Annoregni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. c.117 . 1057

the fortieth year of the reign of his present Majesty ; and

in case such goods, wares, or merchandize shall not be

valued according to the true intent and meaning of this act,

then it shall be lawful for the proper officer or officers of the

customs to cause the same to be detained, and such goods,

wares, or merchandize shall be dealt with, and the proper offi-

cers of the customs shall proceed in every respect in the manner

prescribed in such cafe by the said recited act.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted , That nothing Additional

in this act shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge with duties shall

notbe charged

the new and additional duties hereby imposed on goods, wares, on certain ar-

and merchandize exported from Ireland , the following articles ; ticles export-

that is to say,

ed .

Bullion .

Goods, wares, or merchandize exported from Ireland to Great

Britain.

Goods, wares, or merchandize exported to Hudson's Bayby the

Hudson's-Bay company.

Goods, wares, or merchandize exported from Ireland to the Isle

ofMan which may legally be exported to the said island.

= Cotton yarn or other cotton manufactures being of the manufacture of Ireland.

Corn or grain.

Refined sugar, or loaf complete and whole, or lump duly refined,

and all refined sugar , called bastard, and ground or pow-

dered sugar, and refined sugar broken in pieces, and all

sugar called candy and melasses, made from sugar of the

British plantations.

Any fort ofcraft, food, victuals , clothing, or other goods fit and

necessary for the British fishery established in the island of

Newfoundland, or for the use and support of the mariners

or other persons employed onboard the vessel , or on shore

in carrying on the said fishery, exported from Ireland to

the said island.

XII. Provided always, andbe it further enacted, That the fees Fees not to be

for

due and payable by law, at and immediately before the fifth day takennalen

of July one thousand eight hundred and two, upon any entry or tryon account

cocquet , inwards or outwards, shall not be demanded or taken of newduties .

by or for the use of any officer of his Majesty's revenue, for any

additional entry necessary to be made on account of the new

duties imposed by this act.

XIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no bond Bonds not chargeable

to be taken in pursuance of this act, thall be chargeable with any with stamp

of the duties upon stamped vellum, parchment, or paper ; any duty.

law of statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any goods, The commif-

wares, or merchandize, upon which the said new and additional fioners of the

duties are hereby imposed, shall be detained by any officer of the order entry

customsmay

revenue, on account of the same not being valued according to tobeamended

• VOL, XLIII . YYY the ofgoods de-

1

1058 Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. c. 117. [1802.

tained onac- the true and real value thereof , and according to the true intent

count ofnot and meaning of this act, it shall and may be lawful for the com-

beingduly

valued, upon missioners of his Majesty's customs in Ireland , for the time being ,

such terms as of any three or more of them, upon proof being made to their

they think fit , satisfaction, that no fraud was intended , to direct the entry to be

and ifaccepted amended upon such terms and conditions, as under the circum-

thal proprietor stances of the case shall appear to the said commissioners to be

be

damages . entitled to

reasonable, and as they shall think fit to direct : provided always,

that if the importer, exporter, or proprietor of such goods, wares,

or merchandize, shall accept the terms or conditions prescribed

bythe said commissioners, such importer, exporter, or proprietor,

shall not have or be entitled to any recompence or damage, on

-account of the detention of such goods, wares or merchandize , or have or maintain any action whatever for the same;

Money arising any law, custom, or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

by the duties XV. And be it enacted, That all monies arising by the new

shall becarried and additional duties imposed by this act (the necessary charges

to the consoli-ofraising and accounting for the fame being deducted ) shall be

dated fund of carried to and made part of the consolidated fund of Ireland.

Ireland.

Additional XVI. And be it enacted , That the new and additional duties

duties how to hereby imposed, shall and may be managed, ascertained, raised ,

bemanaged, levied, collected, answered, paid, secured, and recovered, in such

&c . and the like manner, under the like powers and authorities, and

in and by any and either of the ways, means, or methods (except

as to bonding the said duties, or any discount for prompt payment thereof ) by which any of the duties on goods, wares, or

merchandize imposed and payable by two several acts made in

the parliament of Ireland in the fourteenth and fifteenth years of

the reign of his late majesty King Charles the Second, the one

intituled, An actforfettling thefubfidy of poundage and granting a

fubfidy oftonnage and other fums ofmoney unto his royal Majesty , bis

heirs andfuccessors, the same to be paid upon merchandizes imported

and exported into and out of the kingdom of Ireland , according to the

book ofrates hereunto annexed ; and the other intituled , An attfor

thefettling of the excise or new impost upon bis Majesty, his beirs and

fucceors, according to the book of rates therein inserted , or by any

other act or acts of parliament relating to his Majesty's revenue

in force in Ireland , were or might be managed , ascertained ,

raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, secured, and recovered ;

and the goods, wares, or merchandize, so by this act made

chargeable with the said new and additional duties, shall be

and the same are hereby made subject and liable to all and every

the conditions, regulations, rules, restrictions, penalties, and

forfeitures , to which any goods, wares, or merchandize, upon

which any duties are imposed and payable were subject and

liable by any act or acts of parliament in force on or immedi

ately before the passing of this act ; and all and every pain ,

penalty, fine, or forfeiture for any offence whatever committed

against or in breach of any act or acts of parliament now in

force in Ireland , made for securing any duties payable on the

importation or exportation of goods, wares, or merchandize ,

or

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III . C. 117. 1059

or for the regulation or improvement thereof , and the several

clauses , powers, and directions therein contained, shall , and

are hereby directed and declared to extend to, and shall be

respectively applied, practised, and put in execution for and in

respect of the new and additional duties hereby charged, as far

as the same are applicable thereto, in as full and ample a

manner, to all intents and purposes whatever, as if all and

every the said acts, clauses, provisions, powers, directions , pains,

- penalties, and forfeitures, were particularly repeated and re-

enacted in this act, with the like remedy of appeal to and for

the party or parties aggrieved as is by the said acts or any of

- them provided; and all penalties and forfeitures by this act

- created shall be fued for, recovered, and applied in like

manner.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That this act may be Act maybe

varied, altered, or repealed by any act or acts to be made varied or re-

in this present session of parliament. pealed this

session.

YYY2 TABLES

1060 Anno regni quadragesimosecundoGEORGII III. C. 117. [1802.

TABLES to which this Act refers.

TABLE A.

A

TABLE of new and additional duties payable on the goods,

wares, and merchandize therein enumerated or described,

imported into Ireland , not having been imported into Great

Britain by the United Company of Merchants of Englandtrading

to the East Indies .

&

INWARDS.

DUTY.

£. s. d .

Adiunthum nigrum, the hundred pounds

0

38

Agaric, the pound

-

02 0

Alkanet root, the hundred pounds

I 8

Alkermes syrup, the pound

-

-

02

Almonds, viz.

bitter almonds, the hundred weight

-

。

23

Jordan almonds, the hundred weight

70 0

--of any other fort, the hundred weight

30 。

Aloes, viz,

--epatica, the hundred pounds

-

38 -

-Succotrina, the hundred pounds

410 0 -

Alum, the hundred weight-

026

Alum, viz. roch-alum, the hundred weight

- II

Amber, rough, the hundred pounds-

Ο

70

Anacardium, the hundred pounds-

هللا

10 0

Anchor stocks . See wood.

Anchovies, the barrel , containing 16 pounds of fish

16

Angelica root, the hundred pounds

10 1 0

Annotto, the hundred pounds

- I 18

Antimonium, viz .

crudum, the hundred weight

-

。

16

preparatum, the hundred pounds

46

Apples, the bushel

-

003

-dried, the bushel

- -

ㅇㅇ

Aqua fortis, the hundred weight

3

Argol , the hundred weight

2

Ariftolochia, the hundred pounds

-

036336

36 0

Arrow roor , the hundred pounds

90

Arfenic, the hundred weight

23 0 -

Afarum root, the hundred pounds

40 。 -

Aiphaltus, the hundred pounds

-

0106

Affafcetida, the hundred pounds

Balls, viz. Washing balls, the hundred pounds

056

Balks. See wood.

045

Balsam ,

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo fecundoGEORGII III. C. 117. 1061

TableA. continued.

DUTY.

INWARDS.

£. s. d.

Balsam, viz.

- artificial balsam, the pound

Canada balsam, the pound

-

copaivæ, the pound-

natural balsam, the pound

- Ο 0 3

Ο 2

- 0 4

t 0 I

Bark, viz.

-cortex Peruvianus, or Jesuit's bark, the hundred

pounds Basket rods, the bundle , not exceeding three feet in

Ο ΟΙ Ο

circumference at the band

Baskets, viz, hand-baskets, the dozen-

Ο 02 .

0 0 3

Bartens . See wood .

Bayberries, the hundred weight

Beads, viz .

I

。

-amber beads, the pound

-coral beads, the pound

0 I I

ο 46

Beech quarters . See wood.

Beer or ale , the barrel of 32 gallons

Beer, viz. spruce beer , the barrel of 32 gallons

I 2

34

Bees-wax . See wax.

Bell- metal, the hundred weight

-

Birds, viz. singing birds, the dozen

Blacking , the hundred weight

。

Ο I

39 6

02 3

Blubber . See oil .

Boards. See wood.

Bonnets . See hats .

Books, viz .

-

--

bound books, the hundred weight

-

unbound books, the hundred weight

Botargo , the pound

- Ο 11

- 0 5

- ο

482

2

Bottles, viz .

glass bottles, the dozen quarts-

002

store bottles, the dozen quarts

6

Box-wood. See wood.

Boxes, viz.

- -

nest boxes, the gross, containing 12 dozen nests,

each nest containing 8 boxes

- -

02 3

pill boxes, the gross, containing 12 dozen nests,

each nest containing 4 boxes-

-

---

fandboxes, the gross, containing 12 dozen boxes o

I 6

。

5

Brandy. See spirits .

Brazil wood. See wood.

Brazilletto wood. See wood.

Brimstone, the hundred weight

-

Bristles, viz . dressed, the dozen pounds

rough, or undressed, the dozen pounds

Brooms, viz . whisk-brooms the dozen

-

38

00

6

003

YYY3

Bugle ,

1062 Anno regniquadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. C. 117. [1802.

Table A. continued..

INWARDS.

DUTY.

£. s. d .

Bugle, viz .

great bugle, the hundred pounds

small bugle, the hundred pounds

-

Bullrushes, the load, containing 63 bundles

-

Burrs for millstones, the hundred

Cables, tarred or untarred, the hundred weight

-

084

Ο 10 6

024

6 019

024

Cam wood. See wood.

Cambogium, or Gutta Gambia, the hundred pounds

Ο 10 10

Camphire, viz.

refined, the pound-

unrefined, the pound

002

002

Candles, viz.

بش

tallow candles, the hundred weight

J

-

wax candles, the hundred pounds

-

Canes, viz . reed canes, the thousand

Cantharides, the pound

-

Capers, the hundred pounds

Cardemoms, the hundred pounds

-

021

Ο 100

043

009

042

0 0.10

Carpets, viz.

--

Turkey carpets, containing 4 yards square , or

upwards, the carpet

68 0

containing less than 4 yards

square, the carpet

050

Carrabe, the pound 001

Casks , empty, the ton- 0010

Caflia, viz.

- fiftula, the hundred weight Οιδ

-lignea, the hundred pounds- 0100

Castoreum, the pound 003

Caviar , the hundred weight 024

Cheese, the hundred weight

Cherries, the hundred weight 034

Cider, the ton, containing 252 gallons 010

Cochineal, the pound

0100

Cocoa-nuts, the hundred weight

034

Coculus Indiæ, the pound

001

Coffee, the hundred weight

040

Coloquintida, the pound

001

Colours for painters, the pound

001

Comfits, the pound

-

Copper, viz .

010

-

-- ore, the hundred weight-

part wrought, the hundred weight

--unwrought, the hundred weight

008

0110 -

043

wire. See wire.

Copperas, viz.

green, the hundred weight 003

white , the hundred weight 0110

Coral ,

1802.) Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. C. 117. 1063

Table A. continued.

DUTY.

INWARDS.

£. s. d.

Coral, viz.

-

in fragments, the pound

00 2

-whole, polished, the pound

Ο 36

-whole , unpolished, the pound

1 9

Cordage , the ton, containing twenty hundred weight I 6 0

Cork, the hundred weight Ο Ο 9

Corks, ready made, the grofs, containing 12 dozen

ㅇㅇ

I

Cortex, viz.

- elatheriæ, the hundred weight-

-

I 6

limonum, the hundred pounds

- - Ο I 3

Simarouba, the pound-

-

Ο 2

-

winteranus, the hundred pounds

6 0

Cotton wool. See wool.

Cotton yarn. See yarn .

Cowitch, the pound-

-

- -

Cream of tartar, the hundred , weight

Crystal in broken pieces for physical uses, the pound

Currants, the hundred weight

Dates, the hundred weight

I

Ο 4 Ο

Ο Ο 2

Ο I 6

- Ο

- 44

Ο Ο 2

Daucus Creticus, the pound

Deals. See wood.

Diptamus leaves, the pound- Ο 2

Down, the hundred pounds 7 10

Earthen ware, viz.

brickstones, the thousand- - Ο Ο 8

galley tiles , the hundred feet

01 Ο

pantiles , the thousand

-

0 210

paving tiles, the thousand- -

Ο 3

Ebony. See wood.

Eels, the ship-load-

-

2 17 8

Eleborus, the hundred pounds

-

-

Ο 2 I

Elephant's teeth, the hundred weight

- Ο 18

Essence of lemons, the pound

03

Euphorbium, the hundred pounds

Ο 2 Ο

Feathers, viz. oftridge feathers dressed , the pound

oftridge feathers uadressed, the pound

for beds, the hundred weight-

Fenugreek, the hundred weight

I 2 Ο

Ο 37

Ο 65

- 0 Ο 10

0 2 3

Figs, the hundred weight

Fir quarters. See wood

Fire wood. See wood.

Flores chamœmeli, the hundred pounds

Frankincense, the hundred weight

Furrier's waste , the hundred weight

34

- -

0 0

- Ο 69

Fustic. See wood.

Galbanum, the pound

-

Galls, the hundred weight

2 ::: 05

Geneva. See spirits.

YYY 4

Gentian,

1064 Annoregni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 117. [1801.

Table A. continued .

DUTY .

INWARDS.

L

Gentian , the hundred pounds

-

021

Ginger, the hundred weight

ΟΙΗ

Ginger green, the pound

-

001

" Ginfang , the hundred pounds

064

Glass broken, the hundred weight

001

Glover's clippings , the hundred weight

ог

Glue , the hundred weight

020

Guinea grains, the hundred pounds

021

Guinea pepper, the hundred pounds

024

Gum, viz.

-animi, the hundred pounds

05

Arabic , the hundred weight

03

armoniac, the hundred weight

0130

copal, the hundred pouls

هو

elemi, the hundred pounds

1

guiaci, the hundred pounds

οδι I

opoponax, the pound

100 -

fandrake, the hundred weight-

-

01

fenega, the hundred weight

050

tragaganth, the pound

001

Hair, viz.-

cow or ox hair, the hundred weight

- ΟΙΚ

goat's hair, the pound

001 1

horse hair, the hundred pounds

O 10 C

- human hair, the pound

003

Handspikes. See wood.

Hartshorns, the hundred

052

Hats, viz .

- bast or straw hats or bonnets, the dozen

004

-chip, cane , or horse-hair hats or bonnets , the

Cozen 001

Hermodactylus, the pound

001 - -

Hides , viz . cow or ox hides in the hair , the piece

001

horse hides in the hair, the piece

Indian hides undressed , the piece 00 -

000

Losh hides, the hundred pounds

Hides, Muscovy or Russia hides tanned , the pound 001

010

Hones, the hundred

020

Honey , the barrel , containing 42 gallons

ΟΠ

Hoops for coopers. See wood.

Horn tips, the hundred

006 -

Horns of cows or oxen, the hundred

Horses, mares, or geldings, each Ο 110

014

Incle, viz.

- unwrought, or short spinnel , the pound

100

wrought , the dozen pounds

038 -

Indiço, viz.

--of the produce of any British colony or planta-

tion, the hundred pounds 0180

Indica ,

- 1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. C. 117. 1065

Table A. continued.

DUTY.

INWARDS.

L. s.

d .

Indico, continued .

of the produce of any part of the United States

of America, the hundred pounds-

Ο 12 Ο

-

-of the produce of any other country or place,

the hundred pounds

- I 70

Ink for printers, the hundred weight

- 0 2 10

Ireos, the hundred weight

-

。

1 6

Ifinglass, the hundred pounds

7 0

Juice of lemons , the ton, containing 252 gallons

015 6

Juice of limes, the gallon- 0

2

- 0

Juniper berries, the hundred weight0

ΟΙ

Kelp, the ton, containing twenty hundred weight 046

Knees of oak . See wood.

Lace, viz. bone lace of thread , the dozen yards

Lampblack, the hundred weight- -

Ο 14 Ο

026

Lath-wood. See wood.

Latten, viz . shaven latten, the hundred weight- 0 60

Lavender flowers, the hundred pounds- Ο I 8

Lead , viz.

- black lead , the hundred weight

-

- - 009

red lead, the hundred weight

-

• 0 I Ο

white lead, the hundred weight

- Ο I 3 !

Leaves of roses, the hundred pounds-

3

0

Lemons, the thousand- -

。

3 10

Lignum vitæ. See wood

Linen, viz.

cambricks and French lawns, the half piece,

containing fix ells and a half

I 8

-canvas , viz.

Heffens canvas or Dutch barras, the

120 ells- -

02 9

packing canvas, guttings, spruce,

Elbing , or Queensborough canvas, the

120 ells-

。

I 10

damask napkining, of Silefta making, the yard o

0 2

tabling, of Silefia making, the yard

0 0 4

napkining, of the manufacture of France

or Holland, the yard-

00

2

tabling, of the manufacture of France or

Holland, the yard-

00

diaper napkining, of Silefia making, the yard o 。

3

I

-of the manufacture of Holland,

the yard-

00

tabling, of Silefia making, the yard

00

I

3

drillings and pack ducks, the 120 ellsΟ 6

Flanders andHolland linen, plain, not exceeding

óne ell in breadth, the 120 ells 017 4

German, Switzerland , East country (exceptRuf-

fia,) and Silefia, cloth, plain, viz. Linen,

1066 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 117. [1802.

Table A. continued.

INWARDS.

DUTY.

L. s. d .

Linen, continued.

-- German, not above 3½ inches in breadth, the

120 ells- - 038

above 31½ inches in breadth, and

not exceeding 36 inches, the

120 ells- 080

above 36 inches in breadth, the

120 ells 012 4

Hinderlands brown, under 22½ inches in breadth,

the 120 ells

-

- 024

lawns, viz. Silefia, and all other lawns plain(except

French lawns) notbleached in Holland ,

the piece not exceeding 8 yards in

length

005

Silefia, and all other lawns plain (except

French lawns) bleached in Holland ,

the piece not exceeding 8 yards in

length- - 001

Russia linen plain, viz.

towelling and napkining of the manufacture of Russia, not exceeding 22

inches in breadth, the 120 ells 023

narrow Russia linen, not otherwise enu-

merated, not exceeding 22½ inches in

breadth, the 120 ells 018

linen cloth and diaper of Russia, exceeding 22 inches in breadth, and not

exceeding 31½ inches, the 120 ells 044

linen cloth and diaper of Russia, exceeding 31½ inches in breadth, and not

exceeding 36 inches, the 120 ells

-

061

linen cloth and diaper ofRuffia, exceeding 36 inches in breadth , and not

exceeding 45 inches , the 120 ells

076

linen cloth and diaper of Russia,

exceeding 45 inches in breadth,

the

120 ells

-

0 130

fail cloth, the 120 ells

-

- 073

Liquorice root, the hundred weight- 028

Logwood. See wood.

Lupines, the hundred weight- 006

Lutestrings or catlings, the gross, containing 12 dozen

knots - - 009

Madder, viz.

- mull madder, the hundred weight- 004

-madder of any other fort, the hundred weight 028

madder roots, the hundred weight 029

Mahogany. See wood.

Manna,

1802. ] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 117. 1067

Table A. continued.

DUTY.

IN WARDS.

£ .. S. d.

Manna, the hundred pounds

- - - ο 7 0

Maps , each Marmelade, the pound

- - 0 0 I

Ο 0 2

Mastic white, the hundred pounds

- Ο 11 0

Masts. See wood.

Mats of Russia, the hundred-

。

2 3

- Matting, the yard- 0 I

Melasses, the hundred weightI 3

Mercury sublimate, the pound

- Ο 0 3

Metal, viz. leaf metal, the hundred packets

- 0 2

Morels , the pound- 003

Moss, viz. rock moss, the ton, containing 20hundred

weight 0 15 10

Mum, the barrel , containing 32 gallons 0 2 10

Myrrh, the hundred pounds- 0 9 0

✓ Necklaces of glass, the gross, containing 12 bundles,

or dickers, each bundle or dicker containing 12

necklaces I 6

Nicaragua wood. See wood.

Nuts, viz.

-chefnuts, the bushel

-

small nuts, the bushel

Oaker, the bushel-

Oakham, the hundred weight

0 0 4

- 0 Ο 7

Ο 5

6

Oak plank . See wood.

- Oars . See wood.

Oil, viz.

oil of almonds, the hundred pounds 0 30

aniseed, the pound Ο 7

bay, the hundred weight0 5 10

carraway , the pound 3

castor oil, the gallon 9

chemical oil, not otherwise enumerated, the

pound Ο 4

oil of cinnamon, the pound0 I Ο

cloves, the pound2 0

hemp feed, the ton ,containing 252 gallons I 6

Ο

juniper, the hundred pounds

010 0

linseed , the ton, containing 252 gallons I 19

nutmegs, the pound

Ο

30

ordinary oil of olives, the ton, containing

252 gallons2 48

origanum, the hundred poundsI

ㅇㅇ

palm, the hundred weight

Ο I 4

-perfumed oil , not otherwise enumerated, the

pound

oil of petroleum, the pound

- Rhodium, the pound

rofemary, the pound

00 4

Ο Ο I

0 6

。

ㅇㅇ 2 Oil ,,

1

1068 Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. c. 117. [1802.

Table A. continued .

INWARDS.

DUTY.

L. s. d .

1

Oil , continued .

-fallad oil, the hundred gallons

fpermaceri oil, the ton, containing 252 gallons - I 18

236

oil of spike, the pound

002 -

thyme, the pound 002

turpentine, the hundred pounds ΟΙ 6

vitriol, the hundred pounds train oil or blubber, viz.

Ο 110

blubber of Newfoundland , the ton, containing

252 gallons 0

-blubber, not ofNewfoundland , the ton, contain- 43

ing 252 gallons

- train oil, fith oil, or oil offeals, or other creatures

living in the seas, not otherwise enumerated or

described, the ton, containing 252 gallons

Olibanum, or incenfe, the hundred weight

1610 •

Olives, the hogshead, containing 63 gallons

023

I 04

Onions, the bushel

-

003

Opium, the pound

006

Oranges, the thousand

Orange flower water, the gallon

044

Orchella, the hundred weight

050 0.04

Orpiment, the hundred weight

Orfedew, the dozen pounds

73 0

Ο 110

Pearl barley, or barley hulled, the hundred weight

0

هو

Pears, the bushel

12 0

dried, the bushel

-

04 0

Pepper , viz. long pepper, the hundred pounds

40 0

Pickles, the gallon 003

Pictures, viz .

- of four feet square, or upwards, the picture

of two feet square, and under four feet square ,2 80

the picture

0 12 1 -

under two feet square , the picture

160 0 -

Pimento, the hundred pounds

22 0

Pistachia nuts, the hundred pounds

Pitch, the last of 12 barrels, each barrel containing .- 020

31½ gallons

38 0

Pix Burgundiæ, the hundred weight.

0 -

Plafter of Paris, the hundred pounds

هو

0 0 I

Plate , viz.

of gold, wrought, the ounce troy

of silver, ungilt, the ounce troy

of silver, part gilt, the ounce troy

-of silver, gilt , the ounce troy

-

510 0

03 0

04 ٥

05

Platters. See wood.

Plumbs, dried, the hundred pounds

Polypodium, the pound

-

Pomegranate peels, the hundred weight

60

01

- 36 Pome-

1

1802. ] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 117. 1069

Table A. continued.

DUTY.

INWARDS .

£ d .

S.

Pomegranates, the thousand-

084

Pots, viz. melting pots for goldsmiths, the hundred

0 I 2

Powder of brass forjapanning, the pound

-

0 0 3

Powder, viz. hair powder, the hundred weight

0

43

Prints, viz. paper prints, the piece

0

3

Prunelloes, the pound

-

00

Prunes, the hundred weight

- 0 2

36

Quickfilver, the pound-

-

002

Quills, viz. goose quills, the thousand

fwan quills , the thousand

Radix contrayerva, the pound

ipecacuana, the pound

seneca, the pound

-

-serpentaria , the pound

00

048

00

2

00 4

ㅇㅇ

I

ㅇㅇ

I

Rags, fit only to make paper , the ton, containing 20

hundred weight- 015 9

Raisins, viz. Denia raisins, the hundred weight- 0 I 4

Faro raisins, the hundred weight I 5

Lexia raisins, the hundred weight- I IO

Lipra or Belvidere raisins, the hundred weight oI 5

Smyrna raisins, the hundred weight- 0010

of the fun, the hundred weight- 029

Raisins, not otherwise enumerated or described, the

hundred weight- I 4

Red wood. See wood.

- Rhubarb, the pound 008

Rice, the hundred weight0 8

Rofin, the hundred weight- 00 4

Rum. See spirits.

Saccarum Saturni, the hundred pounds- 4 10

Safflower, the hundred weight

- 410

Saffron, the pound

0 I 3

Sal armoniac, the pound

- 0 I

--fuccini, the pound

00

2

--tartari, the pound

ㅇㅇ

I

Salop, the pound

002

Saltpetre, the hundred weight

- 2 4

Sarfaparilla, the hundred pounds

6

。

Saffafras, the hundred weight

- 00

8

Sausages, the pound

Ο I

Scamony, the pound

ㅇㅇ

9

Scoops ofwood. See wood.

Sea- horse teeth , the pound

2

Seeds, viz. -anifeed, the hundred weight

-canary feed, the hundred weight

-carraway feed ,the hundred weight

023

0 2 JO

00 9

Seeds,

1070Annoregni quadragesimo fecundoGEORGII III . C. 117. [1815

Table A. continued.

DUT :

INWARDS.

L

Seeds, continued. S

clover feed, the hundred weight

- 02

coriander feed, the hundred weight

0

cummin feed, the hundred weight

- 01

fennel feed, the hundred pounds

- 03

garden feed, the hundred pounds

- - 04

lucern feed, the hundred weight

03

-mustard feed, the hundred weight

- 00

-onion feed, the hundred weight

- 05

-rape feed, the quarter, containing eight bushels oi

Sena, the pound00

Shruff , the hundred weight- 01

Shovels of wood. See wood.

Shumack, the hundred weight-

Silk, viz.

-knubs or husks offilk , the pound , containing

16 ounces 00

raw silk of Turkey, the pound, containing 16

ounces-

00

- -raw silk of any other country, the pound, containing 16 ounces

-thrown silk, the pound, containing 16 ounces

waste silk, the pound, containing 16 ounces

00

00

00

-wrought silk, viz. crapes or tiffanies , the pound,

S

containing 16 ounces S

- Οι

Skins, viz, S

badger skins, undressed, the piece S

- 00-

bear skins, black, undressed, the piece-

-white, undressed, the piece

beaver skins, undressed, the piece- - 0 1

00

calabar or squirrel skins, undressed, the timber

of 40 skins-

calves' skins, undressed, the dozen

tanned, the pound

cat skins, undressed, the 100 skins

coney skins, undressed, the dozen

deer skins, undressed, the skin

deer skins, Indian, half dressed, the skin

dogfish skins, undressed, the dozen

-elk skins , undressed, the skin

-

00

01 S

ㅇㅇ S

01

S

00 S

S

0

S

00

01

00

-

ermin skins, undressed , the timber, containing

40 skins- O.J

fisber skins, undressed, the piece-

-

fitches, undressed, the timber of 40 skins-

fox skins, (not black), undressed, the skin- 00

goat skins, undressed, the dozen 01

tanned, the dozen

- - 03

hare skins, undressed, the 120

- 03

kid skins , undressed, the hundred skins 3

Ska

t

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III.C. 117. 1071

Table A. continued.

DUTY.

INWARDS.

£. s. d.

Skins, continued.

kid skins, dreffd , the hundred skins

-

3 10

-

lamb skins, undressed, in the wool, the 120

- 0

310 .

dressed in alum, the 100 skins-

0

3

0

flink lamb skins, in the wool, the 122

008

-

leopard skins, undressed, the piece

Q

I I

lion skins, undressed , the piece

ㅇㅇ

martin skins, undressed , the timber, containing 5

40 skins

44

-mink skins, undressed, the timber, containing

40 skins- -

6

otter skins , undressed, the piece-

00

6、

panther skins, undressed, the piece- 0 I I

racoon skins , undressed, the 100 skins- 0 10 10

seal skins, undressed, the skin- 002

sheep skins, undressed, in the wool, the dozen

00

5

dressed, in oil, the dozen- Ο 2

otherwise dressed, the dozen

- Ο 8

squirrel skins . See calabar skins.

swan skins, undressed, the piece

- - Ο Ο 3

tyger skins, undressed, the piece

- - Ο I

-weazel skins , undressed, the 120- Ο 2

38

wolf skins , undressed, the piece- -

00

6

Snuff , the pound

- C

ΟΙ

Soap, viz. hard soap, the hundred weight

02

6

Spars . See wood.

Spirits, viz. brandy , the gallon- 0 3

Geneva, the gallon 0 Ο 2

rum, the 100 gallons Ο 18 ο

spirits, not otherwise enumerated or described,

thegallon

-

。

0 3

Sponges, the pound

-

- Ο 0 4

Squilla, the hundred weight

-

Starch, the hundred weight

4

-

ο I 3

Staves . See wood.

Stavesacre, the hundred weight

- 043

Steel, viz.

gad steel, the hundred weight

-

02 0

-long steel, the hundred weight

。

110

Stock- fith, the hundred and twenty

-

ㅇㅇ

3

Stones, viz.

basons, tables, mortars, and other polished

marble, the superficial foot

-

00

blocks of marble, the solid foot

0 1 3 3

I

-dog stones, not exceeding four feet in diameter,

above six inches, and under twelve inches in

thickness, the last, containing three pair-

064 Stones ,

1072 Anno regniquadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 117. [18:

Table A. continued .

DUTY

INWARDS.

Stones, continued.

emery stones, the ton, containing twenty hun-

dredweight-

02:

-grave fstones of marble, polished , the foot

square, superficial measure

-grave stones of marble, unpolished , the foot

square, superficial measure 00

grave stones not of marble , the foot square ,

superficial measure 00-

mill stones, above four feet in diameter, or if

twelve inches in thickness, or upwards, the

piece-

012

--paving stones, of marble, rough or polished,

the foot square, superficial measure

--paving stones, not of marble, the roo feet

square, superficial measure

-

pumice stones, the ton, containing twenty

hundredweight-

-

-quern stones, large, three feet , and not above

four feet in diameter, and not exceeding fix

inches in thickness, the last , containing three

pair

-

04

-

-

quern stones , small, under three feet in dia-

meter, and not exceeding six inches in thick-

ness, the last, containing three pair

01

flates , in frames, the dozen

-

whetstones, the hundred

Storax calamita, the pound 00

liquida, the pound- 00

Sturgeon, the keg- 03

Succades , the pound'- - OC

Succus liquoritiæ, the hundred weight 03

Tails, viz. Martin's tails, undressed , the hundred 02

Tallow , the hundred weight- - ΟΙ

Tamarinds, the hundred weight ΟΙ

Tar , the last, containing 12 barrels, each barrel not

exceeding 31 gallons 02

Terras , the bushel- 00

Thread, viz.

bridges thread, the dozen pounds

fifters thread, the pound

Timber. See wood.

Tabacco, the hundred pounds

Tortoiseshell, the pound

03

00

Trays of wood. See wood.

Treenails . See wood.

Truffles, the pound-

00

1

!

!

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 117. 1073

Table A. continued.

DUTY.

INWARDS .

£. s. d.

Tubs of wood. See wood.

Turmeric, the hundred pounds-

291

Turpentine, common, the ton, containing 20hundred

weight-

020

Twist, for bandstrings, the dozen knots

-

ㅇㅇ

3

Valonia, the hundred weight

- Ο ΟΙΙ

Varnish, the hundred weight

ㅇㅇ 9

Verdigrease, viz. common, the hundred pounds

8 2

crystallized, the hundred pounds

。

Vermillion, the pound- 00

Vinegar, the ton, containing 252 gallons 4

1 19 8

Vinelloes, the pound

Umber, the hundred weight οι ο ο

ㅇㅇ 7

Wainscot logs. See wood.

Walnuts, the bushel-

ㅇㅇ

4

Water , viz. Pyrmont water, the dozen bottles or flasks,

not exceeding three pints 004

Wax, viz. bees-wax, white, or manufactured, the hundred

weight ο 73

unmanufactured, the hundred weight 0 59

Weld , the hundred weight

ΟΙ Ο Ο

Whale- fins, the hundred weight

。

I 9

Wine, viz .

French wine, the ton, containing 252 gallons 4 40 .

Madeira wine, the ton, containing 252gallons 330

Rhenish , German, Hungary wine, the ton, containing 252 gallons 414 6

-

-Spanish, Portugal , and all other wines not

otherwise enumerated, the ton, containing

252 gallons- - - 220

Wire , viz. brass or copper wire, the hundred weight ο το 6

-virginal wire of brass or copper, the hundred

weight- Ο 12 Ο-

-- virginal wire of iron, the hundred weight Ο 9 ο

Woad, viz. green woad, the hundred weight

Thoulouse woad, the hundred weight

-

οι ο ο

: ο I

Wood, viz.

--anchor stocks imported from any part ofEurope

the piece- - 008

balks, imported from any part of Europe, viz.

five inches square, and under eight

inches square, or if twenty-four feet

in length or upwards, the 120

III

under five inches square, and under

twenty-four feet in length, the 120

VOL. XLIII. Zzz

89 Wood,

1074 Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. c. 117. [ 1802.

Table A. continued.

INWARDS.

DUTY.

£. s . d .

Wood, continued.

battens imported from any part of Europe, viz.

eight feet in length, and not exceeding twenty feet in length, not above

seven inches in width, and not exceeding. 24 inches in thickness, the

120

068

exceeding twenty feet in length, not

above seven inches in width, or if

exceeding 2 inches in thickness,

the 120 -

0134

-batten ends imported from any part of Eu-

rope , viz.

under eight feet in length, not

above seven inches in width, and

exceeding 2 inches in thickness,

the 120

-

026

under eight feet in length, not

above seven inches in width, and

exceeding 24 inches in thickness,

the 120

- -

058

-

beech quarters imported from any part of

Europe , viz. under five inches square , and

under twenty-four feet in length, the 120

-

054

-

boards imported from any part of Europe, viz.

clap boards, not exceeding five feet three

inches in length, and under eight

inches square, the 120

0710

oak boards , under two inches in thick-

ness, and under fifteen feet in length,

the 120-

-

074

under twoinches in thickness,

and if fifteen feet in length,

or upwards, the 120

-

0 14 8

pailing boards, hewed on one side, and

not exceeding seven feet in length,

the 120-

hewed on one side, exceeding seven feet in length , the

120-

038

pipe boards, above five feet three inches

in length, and not exceeding eight

feet in length, and under eight inches

square , the 120 -

scale -boards, the hundred weight-

-

Ο 12 3

100

wainscot boards, the inch or foot ,

containing twelve feet in length , and

one inch in thickness

-

100

Woody

2. ] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III.C 117. 1075

Table A. continued. DUTY.

INWARDS. £. s. d .

bod , continued.

--box wood, theton , containing twenty hundred

weight 0 19 31

Brazilwood, the ton , containing twenty hun-

dredweight- 2 17 6

-braziletto wood, the ton, containing twenty

hundredweight- Ο ΙΟ 3

cam-wood, the ton, containing twenty hundred

weight I

34

deals imported from any part of Europe, viz.

above seven inches in width, exceeding

twenty feet in length, and not exceeding four inches in thickness , the 120 2 15

above seven inches in width, exceeding

twenty feet in length, and exceeding

four inches in thickness , the 120- 414 2

-above seven inches in width, being

eight feet in length, and not above

twenty feet in length, and not exceeding 3 inches in thickness, the

120-

- -

Οι 3

not above ten feet in length , and not

exceeding 1 inch in thickness, the

120- -

050

deal ends, imported from any partofEurope , viz .

above seven inches in width, being

under eight feet in length, and not

exceeding 34 inches in thickness ,

the 120-

048

above seven inches in width, being

under eight feet in length, and exceeding 3 inches in thickness,

the 120-

068

- ebony, the ton, containing twenty hundred

weight-

Ο 12 9

firewood , imported from any partof Europe, viz.

the fathom, six feet wide , and fix

feet high

-

fuftic, the hundred weight-

-

007

ㅇㅇ

9

-handspikes , imported from any part ofEurope, viz.

under seven feet in length, the 120 0

14

seven feet in length, or upwards,

the 120-

14

hoops for coopers, imported from any part

ofEurope, the ICOO-

014

knees of oak, imported from any part of

Europe , viz. - five inches square, and under

eight inches square, the 120 0 11 5

ZZZ2 Wood,

1

1076 Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III . C. 117. [1801

Table A. continued.

INWARDS.

DUTY.

£ .s.

Wood continued .

- knees ofoak, under five inches square, the 120-025

lath-wood, imported fromany partofEurope, viz.

in pieces under five feet in length,

the fathom six feet wide , and fix

feet high 039

in pieces five feet in length, or up-

wards, the fathom six feet wide,

and six feet high 056

- Agnum vitæ, the ton, containing 20 hundred

weight

068

-log - wood, the ton, containing 20 hundred

weight 056

mahogany, the ton, containing 20 hundred

weight 0 13 °

-

masts imported from any part ofEurope, viz.

six inches in diameter, and under eight

inches, the mast-

- eight inches in diameter, and under

twelve inches, the mast- -

ΟΙ

-

twelve inches in diameter, or upwards,

the load, containing fifty cúbic feet

-

071

-

of the produce of , and imported from,

any partof theUnited Statesof America, viz.

six inches in diameter, and under eight

inches, the mast

800

eight inches in diameter, and under twelve

inches, the mast

ΟΙ

twelve inches in diameter, or upwards,

the load, containing fifty cubic feet

-

071

-- Nicaragua wood, the ton, containing 20 hundred weight-

0 16 0

-

- oak plank imported from any partofEurope , viz.

two inches in thickness, or upwards, the load,

containing fifty cubic feet

068

-

oars imported from any part of Europe,

the 120

6139

-

platters imported from any part of Europe ,

the dozen

003

-

red or Guinea wood, the ton, containing 20

hundred weight- I 60

--scoops imported from any part of Europe ,

the dozen- 001

shovels imported from any part of Europe,

thedozen- -

002

--- spars imported from any part of Europe, viz.

under twenty-two feet in length, and

under four inches in diameter, exclusive

of the bark, the 120

043

Wood ,

!

1802. ] Annoregni quadragesimosecundoGEORGII III. c. 117. 1077

Table A. continued.

DUTY.

INWARDS.

£. s. d.

Wood spars, continued .

twenty -two feet in length, or upwards,

and under four inches in diameter, ex-

clusive of the bark, the 120

-

four inches in diameter, and under fix

。

87

inches, exclusive of the bark, the 120

-

10 17 0

six inches in diameter, or upwards. See

masts.

staves imported from any part ofEurope , viz.

not exceeding thirty-six inches in length ,

not above three inches in thickness ,

and not exceeding seven inches in

ب -120 breadth, the

ΟΙ 9

above thirty-six inches in length, and

not exceeding fifty inches in length ,

not above three inches in thickness ,

and not exceeding seven inches in

breadth, the 120-

35

above fifty inches in length, and not

exceeding sixty inches in length, not

above three inches in thickness, and

not exceeding seven inches in breadth ,

the 120-

049

above sixty inches in length, and not

exceeding seventy-two inches in

length, not above three inches in

thickness , and not exceeding seven

inches in breadth, the 120-

064

above seventy-two inches in length,

not above three inches in thickness,

and not exceeding seven inches in

breadth, the 120-

064

of the produce of ; and imported from

any part of the United States ofAme-

rica, viz. not exceeding thirty- six inches inlength,

not above three inches in thickness,

and not exceeding seven inches in

breadth, the 120-

ههو

above thirty- six inches in length, and

not exceeding fifty inches in length,

not above three inches in thickness,

and not exceeding seven inches in

breadth, the 120-

above fifty inches in length, and not

009

exceeding sixty inches in length, not

above three inches in thickness , and

not exceeding seven inches in breadth,

the 120-

ZZZ3

ΟΙ 3

Wood

1078 Annoregniquadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. C. 117. [ 1802.

Table A. continued.

INWARDS.

DUTY.

£. s. d .

Wood staves, continued.

above sixty inches in length, and not exceeding leventy-two inches in length,

not above three inches in thickness,

and not exceeding seven inches in

breadth, the 120 f

018

above seventy-two inches in length,

not above three inches in thickness,

and not exceeding seven inches in

breadth, the 120

-

022

timber , viz.

fir timber, viz.

eight inches square, and not exceeding ten inches square, of

the growth of Norway, and

imported directly from thence,

the load , containing fifty cubic

feet-

exceeding ten inches square, of

the growth of Norway, and

-importeddirectly from thence,

the load, containing fiftycubic

feet.

-

020

eight inches square, or upwards,

imported from any other part

of Europe, the load containing fifty cubic feet-

022

oak timber, imported from any part of

Europe, viz.

eight inches square, or upwards,

the load , containing fifty cubic

feet

- -

046

oak timber, the produce of , and imported from any part of the

United States of America, viz.

eight inches square, or upwards,

the load, containing fifty cubic

feet

034

trays of wood , the shock , containing sixty

005

trenails, the thousand

- 020

tubs of wood, the dozen

004-

wainscot logs imported from any part ofEu-

rope, viz.

eight inches square, or upwards,

the load , containing fifty cubic

feet

- - 079

Wool ,

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo fecundoGEORGII III . C. 117. 1079

Table A. continued.

DUTY.

INWARDS.

£. s. d .

Wool, viz.

-- cotton wool, of the growth or production of

Turkey, the hundred poundsL

- 7 10

of thegrowth or production of any

part of the United States ofAme-

rica , the hundred pounds- 7 10

of the growth or production of any

of the British colonies or plantations, the hundred pounds- 0 10 6

of thegrowth or production of any

other country or place, the hundred pounds- - 015

--hare's wool, the hundred pounds

- 02 9

Wormseed, the pound-

-

ㅇㅇ

I

Yarn, viz.

--cotton yarn, the hundred pounds

mohair yarn, the pound

-

-

-

C

Yellow berries, the hundred weight

-

Zedoaria , the pound

85

ο 3

5

。

I

All other goods, wares, or merchandize whatever, not

herein particularly enumerated or described, not

having been imported into Great Britain by the

United Company of Merchants of England trading

to the East Indies ; and also except suchgoods, wares,

and merchandize which, by any special provision in

this act, are exempt from the duty hereby imposed,

for every hundred pounds of the true and real value

thereof- - -

3120

2224 TABLE

1080 Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 117. [1802.

TABLE В.

TABLE of new and additional duties payable on the

Agoods, wares , and merchandize , therein enumerated

described, having been imported into Great Britain by the

United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East

Indies, on the importation thereofinto Ireland .

INWARDS.

1

DUTY.

£. s. d .

Callicoes, viz. Plain white callicoes -dimity, viz.

Plain white dimity -muflins plain -Nanquin

cloth -muslin or white callicoes, flowered or

stitched -cotton manufactures, not other-

wise enumerated or described , -for every

hundred pounds, of the true and real value

thereof , according to the gross price at which

such goods shall have been fold at the publick

sales of the United Company ofMerchants of

England trading to the East Indies, without

any deduction therefrom, except so much as

the duties due and payable on such goods

respectively shall amount to-

3 12 0

Indico, for every hundred pounds of the true and real

value thereof, according to the gross price

at which it shall have been fold at the publick sales of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies 3 12 0

Cotton wool, for every hundred pounds of the true

and real value thereof , according to the

gross price at which it shall have been fold at

the publick sales of the United Company of

Merchants of England trading to the East

Indies-

-

4 16 0

Teas, for every hundred pounds of the true and real

value thereof, according to the gross price at

which the fame shall have been fold at the

publick sales of the United Company ofMer-

chants of England trading to the East Indies

Coffee , the hundred weight

-

Cocoa-nuts, the hundred weight

-

310 0 0

04

034

TABLE

- 1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 118. 1081

TABLE С.

A

TABLE of new and additional duties payable on the exportation from Ireland of the goods, wares, and merchan-

- dize, therein enumerated or described.

OUTWARDS.

DUTY.

L. s. d .

Goods, wares, and merchandize, of the growth, pro-

duce, or manufacture, of Ireland, (except such

goods, wares, and merchandize, which by

any special provision in this act are exempt

from the duty hereby imposed) exported to

any part of Europe, or to any port or place

within the Streights of Gibraltar , for every

hundred pounds of the true and real value

thereof- - -

Ο ΟΙ Ο

-Goods, wares, and merchandize, of the growth, pro-

duce, or manufacture, of Ireland (except such

goods, wares, and merchandize, which by

any special provision in this act are exempt

from the duty hereby imposed), exported to

any port or place whatever, not being in Eu-

rope , or within the Streights of Gibraltar, or

within the limits of the charters granted to

the United Company of Merchants of England

2

}

trading to the East Indies, for every hundred

pounds of the true and real value thereof

-

I

。。

CAP. CXVIII.

An att for defraying the charge of the pay of the militia of Ireland,

until the twenty - fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred

and three ; and for holding courts-martial onferjeant-majors, fer-

jeants , corporals, and drummers, for offences committed during the

timefuch militia shall not be embodied. [June 28 , 1802. ]

Wdefraying

HEREAS it is necessary that provision should be made for

thecharge of the pay of the militia of that part of the

united kingdom called Ireland, for one year , from the twenty- fifthday

of March one thousand eight hundred and two ; be it therefore

enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the

advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority The Irish

of the fame, That the lords- commissioners of his Majesty's treasury shall

mo-

treasury in that part of the united kingdom called Ireland , shall ney required,

issue in money out of the consolidated fund of Ireland the sums to the agents

required, to the agent or agents or to the clerk or clerks of such or clerks of

the regiments

regiments or battalions of militia as shall be raised, which they ofmilitia as

are to apply in the manner and for the several uses herein after shall be raised ,

mentioned ; (that is to say), for the pay of the said militia, for which they

four calendar months in advance, at the rate of six shillings a shall apply in

manner hereinday for each adjutant, from the date of his commission, where directed . "

an

1

1082 Anno regniquadragesimo secundoGEORGII 111. C. 118. [1802.

an adjutant is appointed; and at the rate of one shilling and

one penny for each serjeant, from the day of his enlistment ,

with the ad addition oftwo thillings and fix- pence a week for each

serjeant -major and quarter- master-serjeant, where a serjeant-

major and quarter- master-serjeant are appointed;and atthe rate

ofeight-pence a day from each drummer, from the day of his

enlistment, with the addition of fix - pence a day from each drum-

major, where a drum-major is appointed ; and at the rate of

eight- pence a day for each corporal, from the day of his enlist.

ment; and also at the rate of four-pence a month for each pri-

vate man and drummer, for defraying the contingent expences

of each reginent and battalion of militia ; one penny whereof

shall be applied for defraying the hospital expences of each

regiment or battalion, during the time of the men's being from

home upon account of their annual exercise ; and also for halfa

year's salary for the clerk of each regiment or battalion ofmilitia

belonging to such county, or county ofa city , at the rate of fifty

pounds a year.

Such agents

II. And be it enacted, That all such sums of moneygranted

or clerks to

for the pay of the militia of Ireland as aforesaid, shall be paid

produce their

warrantof

by the lords-commissioners of his Majesty's treasury in Ireland

appointment into the hands of the agent or agents, or the clerk or clerks

to the trea- of the regiment or separate battalion of militia belonging to such

fury, who counties, or county of a city, or town, upon producing his or

thall issue the

payofmilitia their warrant or warrants of appointment to them, under the

at the periods hand and seal of the colonel, or where there is no colonel ,

herein stated . under the hand and seal of the commanding officer of such re-

giment or battalion of militia for such county , county of a city,

or town; and such lords -commissioners of his Majesty's trea-

fury in Ireland shall also, within fourteen days after the expi-

ration of the third calendar month from the time of such first

payment, make a second payment for four calendar months in

advance ; and thall also, within fourteen days after the expira-

tion of three calendar months from the time of such second

payment, make a third payment for four calendar months in

advance, for the pay and contingent expences of the militia, and

for the allowances to the regimental or battalion clerk or clerks

✔aforesaid, in the proportions herein-before mentioned ; and the

receipts of such agent or agents, or clerk or clerks, thall be a

sufficient discharge to the lords- commifsioners of his Majesty's

treasury, for the several sums of money so by them paid.

Agents,&c.

III. And be it enacted, That the agent or clerk of each

to pay in advance one

regiment or battalion of the militia of Ireland shall forthwith,

month's pay

after the receipt of such fums of money as aforesaid, pay or cause

to the adju-

to be paid one calendar month's pay in advance to the adjutant

tant, and

of such regiment or battalion respectively; and to the captain

1

two months or officer commanding each company belonging to such regi-

paytoeach ment or battalion, two months pay in advance for the serjeants ,

captainfor the

serjeants , &c. drummers, and corporals; and also to the officer commanding

and for the the company to which the serjeant-major and drum- major shall

serjeant- ma- belong , two months payin advance for such serjeant anddrum-

joranddrum-

major;

1802. ] Annoregni quadragesimo fecundoGEORGII III. C. 118. 1083

major; and fo from time to time, as long as anymoney onmajor two

that account shall remain in his hands: which pay every such months pay.

captain or officer commanding is hereby required to distribute Captains to

toeach person belonging to his company, by this act entitled to the fame

f

receive the fame , as it shall become due; and shall, once in yearly,

account for

each year, give in to the clerk of the regiment or battalion to

which such company shall belong , an account of the several

payments he shall have made in pursuance of this act, according

to the following form :

County of Dr. Per Contra,

Cr.

£. s. d.

6 . S. d .

८

Paidferjeant1

for days pay ,

from the day of

1

To cash received of

Mr. regimental or battali

on clerk, or the

lords commission ,

ers of his Majesty's

treasury in Ireland

[ as the cafe shall

be] fortwomonths

pay inadvance, J

to the day

of

following

Dittoas

serjeant -ma-

jor ( if one in the

company) -

Paid serjeant for

dayspay , from

the day of

to the day

of following

Paid drummer

days, at

per

dayfrom the

day of

to the

day of

following

Ditto as drum-major

( ifone in the company )

}

Paid

drummer )

days, from the

day of

to the day of

following

Paid

corporal days from the

day of

to the day of following

And shall pay back to the said clerk , or to the lords-commif- and payback

fioners of his Majesty's treasury (as the case shall be), the fur. the surplus.

plus (if any), by him from time to time received, and then

remaining in his hands.

IV. Provided always, and be it hereby further enacted, That On discharge

in cafethe commanding officer of any regiment or battalion ofof serjeants or

militia , shall certify in writing , to the agent or clerk of the unfit for fer-

drummers as

fame , that he had discharged any serjeant , corporal, or drum- vice no pay to

mer, in such cafe no pay shall be issued for such serjeant, cor-beissued , till

poral, or drummer, until another be duly appointed. V. Andpointed.

others are ap-

1

1084 Annoregni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. C. 118. [1802 .

Agents,&c. to V. And be it enacted, That the agent or clerk of each

payto the commanding regiment or battalion of militia in Ireland , out of the money

officer, out of hereby directed to be issued and paid to him for defraying

contingent the contingent expences of each regiment or battalion, shall

money, Id. a yearly and every year pay to the colonel or officer commanding

monthfor

such regiment or battalion, one penny a month for each private

eachprivate

man and drummer , for defraying the hospital expences of each

man and drummer, for

respective company of such regiment or battalion, during the

defraying hospital ex-

time of the men's being absent from home upon account of their

annual exercise; and shall, from time to time, issue and pay such

pences; and

alfomoney

sums of money as may be necessary for the repair of arms, and

for repairing arms, &c.

the carriage and removal thereof , upon an order in writing ,

signed by the colonel or officer commanding such regiment or

battalion; and after payment of such sums as shall he so ordered

by such colonel or commanding officer as aforesaid to be paid,

he shall yearly and every year make up an account of all such

money , and the expenditure thereof , and of the balance remain-

ing in his hands, which said balance shall form a stock purse

for the use of the regiment, and he shall transmit such account

to the colonel or commanding officer of such regiment or bat-

talion , to be by him examined, allowed, and signed; and the

account so allowed and signed shall be, and is hereby directed to

be, the proper voucher and acquittal of such agent or clerk for

the application and disposal of such money.

When the

VI. And be it further enacted, That whenever the governor

days of exer-

cife of the

or governors, or deputy governors, at ageneral meeting to be

militia are

held for any county, county of a city , or town in Ireland , shall

"

fixed, andcer- have fixed the days of exercise for the militia, the colonel or

tifiedwith cer- commanding officer shall, as soon as may be, certify to the

tainparticu- lords-commissioners of his Majesty's treasury in Ireland , specify-

lars to the treasury, pay ing the number of men, and the number of days such men are

after the rates to be absent from home on account of such exercise, not ex-

1

herein speci- ceeding in the whole twenty-eight days ; and the lords-com-

fied shall be

issued to the

missioners of his Majesty's treasury are hereby required, within

agent, &c.

fourteen days after the receipt of such certificate , to issue and

pay out of the consolidated fund of Ireland , to the agents or

clerks of the several regiments or battalions, at the rate of ten

shillings per day for the captain of each company, and at the

rate of five shillings and eight-pence per day for each lieutenant

not holding a second commission in the regiment or battalion ,

i

and of four shillings and eight-pence per day for each ensign

not holding a second commission in the regiment or battalion ;

but if any of the lieutenants or ensigns of the regiment or bat-

talion shall hold a second commission in the fame, then the

pay of such lieutenant or ensign shall be at the rate of four

shillings and eight-pence per day for the lieutenant , and ofthree

shillings and eight- pence per day for the ensign, and also at the

rate of one shilling per day for each private militia man, for the

number of days such officers and men shall be absent from

home on account of such exercise; and the said regimental or

battalion agents or clerks are hereby required forthwith to pay to

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 118. 1085

to each captain of the said regiments or battalions the propor-

tion of pay belonging to each captain, and likewise the pay be-

longing to their respective companies.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the captain of each Captains to

company shall make up an account ofall monies received and make upac-

paid byhim on account of such exercise, according to the fol-counts of the

money they

lowing form:

receive on

account of

County of

Dr.

Tocash received of

the regimental

or battalion agent

or clerk, or the

lords- commission-

PerContra , Cr .

£. s.

d. 6.5. d .

By mypay as captain

Paid lieutenant

Paid ensign

Paid militiamen

days

exercise.

1

ersof his Majesty's

treasury as thecafe

Shallbe ] for

1

days pay of

men

-

which account shall be signed by the said captain, and counter.

signed bythe commanding officer ; and such captain shall, within

tendays after the time such exercise shall be finished, deliver

such account, and pay the balance, (if there be any due), to .

the regimental or battalion agent or clerk ; and such accounts

shall be allowed as sufficient vouchers by the lords- commissioners of his Majesty's treasury.

1

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted , That where any re. While the

giment or battalion of militia is or shall be embodied, and called militia are

out into actual service, whereby the officers and private militia embodied and

receivingpay

men shall be entitled to the same pay as the officers and pri - as the other

vate men in his Majesty's regiments of foot, all pay as aforesaid, forces, the

whether to the adjutants, serjeants, private militia men, or others, paygranted

and all money allowed as aforesaid for the contingent expences by this ad

by this actnot

of such regiment or battalion ofmilitia, and also the allowance lowed .

to the agent or clerk of such regiment or battalion, shall,

during such time of actual service, and until such regiment or

battalion shall be disembodied and return home, cease and not be

paid .

IX. And be it enacted, That if it shall be deemed inexpe. The lord

lieutenant

dient by the lord-lieutenant or other chiefgovernor or governors may forbid

of Ireland , in council, to raise, embody, or continue the militia the raising or

in any county or counties, it shall be lawful for the lord-lieute- embodying

nant or other chief governor or governors of Ireland , for the the militia of

time being, by and with the advice of the privy council, to for any county .

bidthe raising or embodying of the militia of such county or

counties, and to stay all proceedings therein for such time as

shall be deemed expedient.

X. And be it further enacted, That every serjeant-major, Serjeants, cor-

serjeant, corporal, drum-major, and drummer of the militia ofPorals, and

drummers,

Ireland , shall be at all times subject to any act which shall be shall be fub.

in force for punishing mutiny and desertion, and for the betterject to the

payment mutiny act ;

1086 Annoregni quadragesimo secundo GEORGII III. C. 118. [ 1802 .

and courts- payment of the army and their quarters, and to the articles of

martial may war, under the command of the colonel or other commandant

beheld on

them while

of the regiment, battalion, or corps to which he belongs ; and it

regiment is

shall be lawful for the colonel or other commandant of any re-

not embodied. giment, battalion, or corps of militia to direct the holding of

courts-martial as herein-after directed for the trial of any serjeant

major, serjeant , corporal, drum-major, or drummer of such re-

giment, battalion, or corps, by either a general or regimental

court- martial, for any offence against the said act or articles of

war , committed during the time such regiment, battalion , or

corps shall not be embodied; but so that no punishment shall

extend to the lofs of life or limb .

Colonel, &c.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for

mayorder officers of

the colonel or other commandant, and inhis absence for the

the regiment

senior field officer of the regiment, battalion, or corps to which

resident

the person on whom such court-martial is to be held shall be-

within five

long, to order any officers of the militia of the county , riding,

miles of the

or place to which such regiment, battalion, or corps shall be-

placetoattend long, actually resident within the town where such serjeant-major,

martial, &c. serjeant, corporal, drum-major, or drummer is to be tried , or

within five miles thereof , to attend and affist as members of such

court-martial, who shall thereupon attend at the time required ,

and affist accordingly ; but no officer shall be entitled to receive

pay for any such attendance: provided always, that no sentence

of any court-martial , held as aforesaid, on any serjeant-major,

serjeant , corporal, drum-major, or drummer, thall be put inex-

ecution until it shall have been confirmed by the colonel or

other commandant , or by the field officer by whose order such

court- martial was assembled.

1

Serjeants, &c.

maybe re-

ducedtopri-

ates to serve

foralimited

time .

XII. And be it further enacted, That any serjeant, corporal,

or drummer of the militia, may, by sentence of a court-martial ,

be reduced to the condition of a private militia man, to serve

as such during any time not exceeding fifteen months, in cafe

the regiment, battalion, or corps to which he belongs shall not

be then embodied or called out into actual service; and in case

the regiment, battalion, or corps to which he belongs shall be

1

then embodied, or called out into actual service, to serve as

aforesaid , until the disembodying of the said regiment, battalion,

or corps ; after which time , or at the end of the said fifteen

months, as the cafe may be, ifnot regularly re- appointed to the

rank of a non- commissioned officer or drummer, he shall be dif-

1

Act maybe

altered or repealedthis

session .

charged from the service.

XIII. And be it enacted, That this act may be varied, altered ,

or repealed, by any act or acts to be made in this present seffion

of parliament .

CAP.

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo fecundoGEORGII III. C. 119, 1987

CAP. CXIX.

- An act to suppress certain games and lotteries not authorised by law .

[June 28, 1802. ]

We dofrequently resort topublick

HEREAS evil -disposed persons

toset up certain mischievous games or

lotteries, called Little Goes, and to inducefervants, children , and un-

wary persons, to play at the said games ; and thereby most fraudulently

obtaingreatfums of money fromservants, children, and unwary per-

fons , to the great impoverishment and utter ruin of manyfamilies ;

for remedy whereof , be it enacted by the King's most excellent

majesty, by and with the advice andconsent of the lords spiritual

and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, All games or

andby the authority of the same, That all such games or lot- lotteries

teries, called Little Goes, thall, from and after the passing of this called Little

Goes declared

act, be deemed , and are hereby declared common and publick publick

nuisances, and against law.

nuisances.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the first Persons

コー

day of July one thousand eight hundred and two, no person or keeping any

persons whatsoever thall publickly or privately keep any office or office or place

place to exercise, keep open, show, or expose to be played, drawn, for any game

or lottery not

or thrown at or in, eitherby dice , lots, cards, balls, or by num- authorised by

bers or figures, or by any other way, contrivance, or device law, &c. shall

whatsoever, any game or lottery called a Little Goe, or any other forfeit sool .

lottery whatsoever not authorised by parliament , or shall know andbe deemed

rogues and

ingly suffer to be exercised , kept open, shown, or exposed to be vagabonds

played , drawn, or thrown at or in, either by dice, lots, cards, within the

balls , or by numbers or figures, or by any other way, contrivance, meaning of

or device whatsoever , any such game or lottery , in his or her 17 Geo. 2.

house, room, or place, upon pain of forfeiting , for every such . 5 .

offence, the sum of five hundred pounds, to be recovered in the

court of exchequer, at the suit of his Majesty's attorney-general,

and to be to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and fuccessors; and

every person so offending shall be deemed a rogue and vagabond

L

within the true intent and meaning of an act, passed in the se-

venteenth year of the reign of his late majesty king George the

Second, intituled, An att to amend and make more effectual the lawς

relating to rogues, vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly persons, and

to houses of correction, and shall be punishable as such rogue and

vagabond accordingly.

Personsfo

1

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every offending ,

person offending against this act in manner herein-before men- against whom

tioned, against whom no information shall have been made as no such information shall

aforesaid, shall be deemed a rogue and vagabond, within the true have been

intent and meaning of an act, passed in the seventeenth year of made, shall be

the reign of his late majesty king George the Second, intituled, punished as

An all to amend and make more effectual the laws relating to rogues, rogues

rogues and vagabonds

vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly persons, and to houses ofaccording to

correction ; and also of another act passed in the twenty -seventh 17 Geo. 2.

year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An act to render c. 5. and

more

27Geo. 3 .

C. I,

1088 Anno regni quadragesimo fecundoGEORGII III. C. 119. [ 1802

more effectual the laws now in being forfuppressing unlawful lotteries;

1

and thall be punishable as such rogue and vagabond, according

to the said acts and this act.

Justices, on IV. And be it further enacted , That upon complaint or infor-

information, mation made upon oath before anyjustice or justices of the peace,

mayauthorise of any offence committed against this act, in any houseor place

persons to

break open within the jurisdiction of any such justice or justices, whereby any

thedoors of of the offenders may be liable to punishment as rogues and vaga-

places where bonds, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said justice or

luchoffences. justices before whom such oath shall be taken, ifhe or they shall

hall have been

committed, judge it reasonable, by special warrant under his or their respec-

and'apprehend tive hands and seals, to authorise and empower any person or

offenders and persons , byday or by night ( but if in the night-time, then in the

others assisting presence of a constable or other lawful officer of the peace, who

them, and

carry them before a

are hereby required to be aiding or assisting therein), to break

open the doors or any part of such house or place where such

justice ,

offence shall have been committed, and to enter into such house

or place, and to seize and apprehend all such offenders and all

other persons who shall be discovered in such house or place, and

who thall have knowingly aided or assisted, or been anyways

concerned with any such offender or offenders in committing

such offence, and to convey them before anyjustice orjustices of

the peace of the county, riding, division, city , liberty, or place

wherein such persons shall be so apprehended, to be dealt with

according to law as aforesaid ; and all persons who shall be dif-

covered in suchhouse or place knowingly aiding, afsisting, or any-

ways concerned with such offender or offenders in the carrying

on any transactions respecting the said little goes or lotteries, or

either of them, shall be deemed rogues and vagabonds, and

punishable in like manner as is directed by the said recited act of

the seventeenth year of the reign of his late majesty king George

the Second; and it shall and may be lawful for the officer or

officers having the execution of such warrant, and all other persons acting in his or their aid or assistance, to stop, arrest, and

detain all and every the person and persons so discovered in such

house or place, and to convey the said person and persons before

Penalty for obstructing persons in the

suchjustice orjustices of the peace as aforesaid; and if any person

or persons shall forcibly obstruct, oppose, molest, or hinder , any

execution of

such officer or officers , or others acting in his or their aid or

their duty.

assistance, in the due execution of their duty, or in the due en-

tering into such house or place , or in the seizing, detaining , or

conveying before such justice or justices any such offenders, or

other persons as aforesaid, every such person so obstructing, op-

posing , molesting, or hindering as aforesaid, shall be deemed an

offender against law and the publick peace, and the court before

whom any such offender shall be tried and convicted shall and

may order such offender to be fined , imprisoned, and publickly

Persons

whipped, as in their discretion shall be thought fit ; and all

employing

others, though persons, although not discovered in such house or place as afore-

notdiscoveredsaid , who shall employ or cause to be employed any person or

in thepre- persons in carrying on any of the transactions aforesaid , or in

aiding

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III . C. 119.1089

aiding or affisting any such person or persons, shall be deemed mises, to be

- rogues and vagabonds, and thall be punishable in like manner as deemed

is directed by an act, passed in the twenty-feventh year of the rogues and

vagabonds.

reign of his present Majesty.

V. And be

Persons

a

it further enacted, That, from and after the passing agreeing to

• of this act, no person or persons whatever shall , on or under any pay any fum,

pretence, device, form, denomination, or description whatsoever, or to deliver

promise or agree to pay any fum or sums or to deliver any goods, any goods,

or to do or forbear doing any thing for the benefit of anyperson &c . on any

event relative

or persons, whether with or without consideration, on any event to suchgame

or contingency relative or applicable to the drawing of anyticket or or lottery, or

tickets , lot or lots, numbers or figures, in any such game or publishing any

lottery , or to publish any proposal for any of the purposes afore- proposal , thall

said ; and if any person or persons shall offend in any of the

forfeit rool .

_ matters aforesaid, he, she , or they shall, for every offence, forfeit

and paythe fum of one hundred pounds.

VI . And be it further enacted, That it shall and maybe law- Offendersmay

ful for any person whatever to apprehend, on the spot, anybeapprehend-

person or persons so offending, and to convey or cause tobeedonthe spot

by anyperson

conveyed before any magistrate orjustice of the peace residing and carried

near the place where such offence shall be committed , the person before a

or persons so apprehended, to be proceeded against under this justice. who

on the

act; and when any person or persons shall be apprehended or penalty not

brought before any magistrate or justice ,aforesaid for any such bei beingpaid ,

offence, it shall be lawful for such magistrate orjustice to pro - commit the

ceed to examine into the circumstances of the cafe, and, upon

offender.

due proofupon oath or solemn affirmation of any such offence

committed against this act, to give judgement or sentence accordingly ; and where the party accused shall be convicted of such

offence, and such penalty shall not be immediately paid, to

commit such offender to prison for any space oftime not exceeding six calendar months, nor less than one calendar month,

without bail or mainprize, and without appeal, or until such

penalty shall be satisfied; and every such penalty , when paid Application

upon conviction, shall go and be applied, one third thereof toof thepenalty .

his Majesty, one third thereof to the use of the informer or

informers, and the other third thereof to the person or persons

apprehending or securing such offender or offenders .

VII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after thepaffing Theprovi .

fions of

of his act, all pains, forfeitures, fines , and penalties, and all pro- 27 Geo. 3.

visions , powers, authorities, rules, regulations ,restrictions, exemp. c. 1. shall

tions and exceptions, clauses, matters, and things, contained extend to this

in an act passed in the twenty-seventh year of the reign of his act, and to

present Majesty, intituled , An act to render more effectual the laws . 54 .

now in being for suppressing unlawful lotteries, thall extend, and

be deemed, construed, and taken to extend, and shall apply and

be in full force , and put in execution in all cafes and for all

purposes as to all the provisions of this act, and of another act

passed in this session of parliament , intituled , An altfor granting

to his Majesty a certainfum ofmoney to be raised by lotteries , in all

cafes where no special or different provision is made by this

VOL. XLIII. AAAA or

1090 Anno regni quadragesimo fecundoGEORGII III. c. 120.[1802.

or the said last recited act, in as full and ample a manner, to

all intents and purposes, as if the said act, and all pains, for-

feitures, fines and penalties, provisions, powers, authorities,

rules, regulations, restrictions, exemptions, exceptions, clauses,

matters , and things contained and enacted therein, were particularly and expressly repeated and re-enacted in the body of

this present act, and had been repeated and enacted in the body

of the said recited act of this session of parliament.

General issue .

VIII. And be it further enacted , That if any sheriff's officer,

or other person or persons, shall be sued, molested, or prosecuted,

for any thing done by virtue or in pursuance of this act , such

smeriff's officer, or other person or persons, shall and may plead

the general issue, and give this act and the special matter in

evidence in his, her, or their defence or defences ; and if after-

Treble costs. wards a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants , or the

plaintiff or plaintiffs shall discontinue his , her , or their action or

prosecution, or be non- fuited, orjudgement shall be given against

him, her, or them, upon demurrer or otherwise, then such

defendant or defendants shall have treble costs awarded to him,

her, or them, against any such plaintiff or plaintiffs .

こ

CAP. CXX.

An act for granting to his Majesty certain sums of money out of the

respective consolidated funds of Great Britain and Ireland; for applying

certain monies therein mentioned for the service of the year one

thousand eight hundred and two; and for further appropriating the

: supplies granted in this session of parliament.-[ June 28, 1802.]

4,500,000l . out of the consolidated fund maybe issued towards the supply

for Great Britain for 1802 ; also 99,8861. 4s . 8d. remaining in the ex-

chequer ofgrant to affilt Portugal in 180t ; and 114,000l. 65. 11d. surplus

ofgrants for 1801. 650,000l. Irish out of the consolidated fund, maybe

issued towards the supply for Ireland for 1802 ; and 39,3291. 185. 80. 24 .

Irish remaining in the treasury of grant for raising men in 1795. Monies

raised for the service of Great Britain by the malt act 1802 ; and by42

Geo. 3. c. 2. not exceeding 2,000,000; and by 42 Geo. 3. C. 33. after

remittance to Ireland of 2,000,000; and by 42 Geo. 3. C. 54. after

remittance to Ireland of 485,0001 ; 99,8861. 4s. 8d. of grant to assist

Portugal; 114,000l . 68. IId . surplus of grants for 1801 ; 1,500,000l by

42Geo. 3. C. 111. 5,000,000l. by 42 Geo. 3. c. 110; and 4,500,000l.

outof the consolidated fund of Great Britain shall be issued and applied

as hereafter expressed. Monies coming into the exchequer of Ireland by

42Geo. 3. C. 33. 54. 58. and 104. shall be carried to the consolidated

fund of Ireland, and with 650, oool. Irish , out of that fund, and 39,329

188. 8ď . 2q. Irish, shall be issued and applied as hereafter expressed.

11,833,5731. 12s. 6d. for naval services, viz . 721,500l. for wages of

130,000 men , including 30.000 marines for three lunar months, com-

- mencing Jan. 1, 1802. 741,000l , for their victualling. 1,170,000l. for

wear and tear of ships. 97,5col . for ordnance for fea service. 210, боді.

for the ordinary of the navy. 233,6331. for the extraordinary of the

navy. 360,000l. for transport service, and prisoners of war in health.

28.000l. for sick prisoners of war. 481,000l. for wages of 130,000 men,

including 30,000 marines, for two lunar months, commencing March 16 ,

1802. 494,000l. for their victualling. 780,0ool. for wear and tear of

Thips . 65,000l. for ordnance for fea service. 140,4031. for the ordinary

of thenavy. 155,7561. for the extraordinary of the navy. 240.00ol, for the

transport service and prisoners ofwar in health. 15,000l. for sick prisoners of

T

C

1 : 1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGI III. C. 120. 1091

ofwar. 162,800l. for wages for 88,000 men, including 18,000 marines for

one lunar month, commencing May 22, 1802. 167,2001, for their victn.

alling. 264,000l. for wear and tear of ships. 22,000l. for ordnance for

fea service . 70,2011, for the ordinary of the navy. 77.8781. for the

extraordinary of the navy . 109,000l. for transport service and prisoners

ofwar in health . 3,000l. for sick prisoners ofwar. 906,500l. for wages of

70,000 men , including 14,000 marines, for seven lunar months, com- 1,470,000l, for

mencing June 18, 1802.

wearandtear of ships. 178. 5d. for the ordinary of the navy. 931,000l. for their victualling .

122,500l. for ordnance for fea service. 637,3161.

306,2331. for the extraordinary of

the navy. 608,5481. 155. 1d. for transport service and prisoners of war

inhealth. 12,00ol . for sick prisoners of war. 30,000l for an increase

of half pay, &c. commencing July 1, 1802. 2,000,000l. for the debt of

the navy. 400.000l. for ordnance for land service in Great Britain for

January, February and March . 266,6661. 138. 4d. for April and May.

133,3361 . 68. 8d. for June; and 272,2661. gs. 7d. from July to Dec.

31, 1802. 17,0881. 38. 4d, for ordnance for land service not provided for

by parliament in 1800. 102,9171. 55. 9d . for ditto not provided

for in 1801. 75,000l. for ordnance in Ireland , for January, February

and March 1802. 50,000l. for April and May. 25,000l. for June.

53,0761. 188. 5d. from July 1 , to December 31, 1802. 12,871,3381 .

os. 6d. for land service, viz. 557,4991. 168. 3d. for 58,718 effective men in

Great Britain, Jersey, Guernsey and Alderney, from December 25, 1801 ,

to March 24, 1802. 147,7271. 105. for 18,660 effective men in Iceland

for the same time . 634,2311. 2s. 7d. for forces in the plantations, &c.

9,370l. 148. 3d. for parties in England recruiting for regiments in East

India. 95,000l. for contingencies , for the land forces, watch coats, and

extra forage in Great Britain. 3,9641, 68. 4d. for contingencies for the

land forces in Ireland. 21,000l. 68. 8d. for general , staff and hospital

officers in Great Britain, Guernsey, Jersey and Sark. 379.1781 . 198.8d.

for militia and fencible infantry in Great Britain. 346,2051. 78. sd . for

militia and fencible infantry in Ireland . militia and fencible infantry in Great Britain. 12,500l. for contingencies for

8,7691 . 48. 8d. for contin-

gencies for militia and fencible infantry in Ireland. 6,2531. 178. 4d. for

supernumerary officers. 27,2561. for paymaster- general, commissary-

general of musters, judge-advocate-general, comptrollers of army accounts and for exchequer fees in Great Britain. 105,000l for increased

rates of subsistence onquartering soldiers and an allowance for small beer

in Great Britain. 34,2731. 19s. 5d. for reduced officers of the land forces

and marines in Great Britain , and for a private and superannuated gen-

tleman of the horse- guards . 14,7941. Ios. 4d. for half pay and allow-

ances to reduced officers of British American forces . 2461. 11s . 6d. for

officers late in the service of the States General. 36,6511. 128. for Chelsea

hospital. 5,2921. 78. 3d. forwidows' pensions in Great Britain. 180,000l.

for volunteer corps in Great Britain. 108,3661. 98. 3d. for volunteer

corps in Ireland. 146,160l. for the barrack department in Great Britain.

117,6961. 198. 6d. for foreign troops . 46,6061. 38. Id . for extra forage

for the cavalry in Ireland. 1,7221. 158. 6d. for the mufter master-general

and several publick departments in Ireland. 6,1571 . 188. 2d. forhalfpay

officers ofreduced corps and retired chaplains in Ireland. 1,2671. 118. 11d.

for widows' pensions in Ireland. 13,8681. 9s. 1d. for general and staff

officers and the medical board in Ireland. 5,5551. 195. 2d. for medicines,

bedding, hospital contingencies, and the royal military infirmary in

Ireland. d. 14,1481. 03. 2d . for Kilmainham hospital. 88,8921. 68. 2d. for

the barrack department in Ireland. 25,1331. 175. 9d. for an allowance

to the forces for small beer in Ireland. 2,3071. 135. 11d. for an allow

ance to soldiers while on a march in Ireland. 114,000l. for militia re-

embodied up to December 24, 1801. 398,5771. 95. 4d. for 61,176

effective men in Great Britain, Jersey , Guernsey and Alderney, from

March 25, to May 24 , 1802. 120,4231. 10s. 2d. for 23,269 men main-

tainedin Ireland . 386,6571. 118. 1od. for forces in the plantations. &c.

6,3511. 58. 3d. for parties in Great Britain recruiting for regiments in

East India. 40,1891 . 75. 10d. for fencible infantry in Great Britain.

.AAAA2

84,0131.

1

1092 Anno regni quadragesimosecundoGEORGII III.C. 120. [1802 .

84,0131. 78. 7d. for fencible infantry in Ireland. 99,0641. 41. for thebarrack

department in Great Britain. 59,3071. 138. Ird. for ditto in Ireland ..

75,5111. for foreign corps . 238,000l. for militia of Great Britain.

135,6921. 68. 2d. for militia of Ireland. 202,5551. 158. 2d. for 61,176

effective men in Great Britain , Jersey, Guernsey and Alderney, from

May 25 to June 24 , 1802. 61,1981. 168. 8d. for 23,269 men maintained

in Ireland. 196,4981 . 28. 5d. for forces in the plantations , & c,

20,4241. 28. 4d. for fencible infantry in Great Britain. 42,6951. 65. 5d.

for fencible infantry in Ireland. 764,3911. 3s. for land forces in Great

Britain from June 25to December 24 , 1802. 439,0351 . 16s. rd . for land

forces in Ireland. 352,8441. Is . Id. for forces in the plantations, &c,

3,2271. 138. 9d. for parties in Great Britain recruiting for regiments in

East India from March 25 to June 24, 1802. 17,2991. 98. forditto from

June 25 to December 24, 1802. 77,500l. for recruiting , contingencies

andwatchcoats for infantry in Great Britain from March 25 to December

24 , 1802. 174,000 for recruiting, contingencies, watch coats, and extra

forage in Ireland. 13,8471. for general, staff , and hospital officers in

Great Britain from March 25 to June 24, 1802. 17,2321. 168. 10d. for

ditto from June 25 to December 24, 1802. 13,8681. 98. Id. for general ,

staff , and hospital officers in Ireland, from March 25 to June 24, 1802.

7,9811. 128. 4d. for ditto from June 25 to December 24, 1802, 27,7541.

48. IId. for supernumerary officers in Great Britain from March 25 to

December 24, 1802. 1,200l. forditto in Ireland from June 25 to December

24 , 1802. 100,8551. 38. 10d. for the paymaster- general, secretary at war,

commissary-general of musters, judge advocate- general, comptrollers of

army accounts, in Great Britain , and for exchequer fees from March 23

to December 24, 1802. 5,1911. 188. 4d. for the mufter master- general

and several publick departments in Ireland. 140,000l. for increased rates

for quartering soldiers and an allowance for small beer in Great Britain.

60,3131. 168. 1Id, for an allowance for small beer, and to soldiers on their

march in Ireland. 35,0351. 128. 3d. forreduced officers of the land forces

andmarines in Great Britain from March 25 to June 24, 1802. 6,213

38.8d. forreduced officers ofland forces in Ireland. 144,500l. for reduced

officers of land forces and marines in Great Britain from June 25 to

December 24, 1802. 26,1691. 48. 8d. for reduced officers of land forces

in Ireland. 45,2051. 98. 7d. for reduced officers of the British American

✓forces. 7531. 88. 5d. for officers late- in the service of the States General.

156,5111. 118. 2d. for Chelsea hospital. 26,1931. 48. 7d. for Kilmainham

hospital. 16,1711. 28. 2d. for widows' pensions in Great Britain. 3,873

4s. for widows ' pensions in Ireland. 72,00ol. for volunteer corps in

Great Britainfrom March 25 to April 30, 1802. 68,9261. 198. 9d. for

volunteer corps in Ireland from March 25 to May 24, 1802. 297,1841 .

for the barrack department in Great Britain from May 25 to December

24 , 1802. 136,9901. IS. Iod. for the barrack department in Ireland .

321,800l. 145. for foreign corps . 6,3691. for the royal military college .

13,000l . for the royal military asylum at Chelsea . 16,1911. 149. rod. for

medicines, bedding, and hospital contingencies and the royal military

infirmary in Ireland from March 25 to December 24 , 1802. 30,000l. for

the yeomanry in Ireland from May 25 to December 24, 1802. 600,000៛.

for extraordinaries of the army in Great Britain for 1802. 300,000l. for

extraordinaries of the army in Ireland for 1802. 1,847,1741. for extraor .

dinary expences of the army in Great Britain for 1801. 1,000,000l. for

extraordinaries of the army in Great Britain for 1802. 990,0531. for

arrears of the civil list. 3,000,000l . to discharge exchequer bills made out

under41 Geo. 3. C. 83. 1,066,4931. 75. 1d. 3q. to discharge exchequer

bills made out under 39 and 40 Geo. 3. C. 33 .

todifcharge treasury bills of Ireland in 1802 . 372,1381. 95. 30 3d. sterling

14,0491 . 145. issued pur-

fuant to addresses of the house of commons .

7,950l. for the civil efta-

blishment ofUpperCanadafor 1802. 7,5151.88.20.2q , for the civil establish-

ment of Nova Scotia for 1802. 4,650l. for the civilestablishment ofNew

Brunswick for 1802. 2,1941. 45. Ind. for the civil establishment of the

island of Saint John in America for 1802. 3,3981. 45. 4d. 2q . for the

civil establishment of Cape Breton for 1802. 1,8751. 178. 1d. aq . for the

civil

د

2

13

ال

3

C

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. С. 120. 1093

civil establishment ofNewfoundland for 1802. 4, 1ool. for the civil esta-

blishment of the Bahama Islands for 1802. 580l . for the civil establishment

of the Bermudas for 1802. 6001. for the civil establishment of the island

of Dominica for 1802. 5,9081. for the civil establishment ofNew South

Wales for 1802. 10,000l. for the civil establishment of Sierra Leone for

1802. 20,000l. for forts , &c. in Africa. 69,000l for the French refugees

andAmerican loyalifts for January, February and March 1802. 12,5001.

for secret service-money for January, February and March 1802. 8,000l.

for convicts at home. 300l . to the commissioners for purchasing buildings

for the accommodation of parliament. 4661. 10s . for publishing theweekly

average price of sugar and rice. 100l. for preparing abstracts of the population of Great Britain. 2,7071. 188. foradditional allowance to clerks

in the office for auditing the publick accounts . 1,500l . for the Thames

police office, 1351. 148. for expences under 41 Geo. 3. C. 15. 500l. for

aplan for enquiring into the mendicity of the metropolis. 3541. 118. 9d.

for expences at the parliament office in 1801. 2,7011. 98. to the chairman .

of the committees of the house of peers. 991. 118. 6d. to Mr. Thornton

for attending the commissioners at Cold-bath Fields prison. 4711. 148.

to payabill drawn for the repairs of the harbour of Port Patrick. 5,000l.

for artificers employed at both houses of parliament . 1301. 11s. to pay

thepassage of the reverend Mr. Rudd and family to Quebec. 505,5201.

98. Id. for interest on exchequer bills . 2,8651. 158. for expences of the

commissioners for reduction of the national debt. 144,6111 . 28. for the

purchase of one third of the annuity to the duke of Richmond. 5ool. to

the officers of the exchequer for extra trouble in making out exchequer

bills. 458,5141. 85. 7d. for discount on payments to the loan and lottery

for 1801. 23,5621. 38. 4d. for receiving contributions to the loan and

lottery for 1801. 1,5001. for expences attending the lottery for 1801.

45,3321. 175. 6d. for indemnification to earl Saint Vincent and lord Grey.

4711. 14s. to pay a bill drawn for repairs at Port Patrick. 500l. for

preparing abstracts of the population of Great Britain . 6551. 58. for

continuing the index to journals of the house of lords. 2781. 7s. to

Henry Swinburne, esquire, for superintending the restitution of Danish

colonies. 1251. 135. 6d. for making abstracts of the population of England

and Wales. 2,0441. 108. 6d. for additional allowance to clerks in the

office for auditing the publick accounts. 3241. 10s . to Edward Colman

esquire, serjeant at arms, attending the house of commons, to reimburse

the expences of his removal. 10,5391. 48. 3d. to pay bills drawn on

account ofNew South Wales in 1801. 1,1211. for expences incurred on

account of the capture of a vessel under English colours previous to the

English quitting Corsica. 4291. 148. for publishing in the Gazetteweekly

returns of the average price of Muscovado sugar to October 1, 1801 .

3241. 98. 6d. for expences of governor Hunter from New South Wales.

781. to new fettlers at New South Wales. 2,8241. 4s. for prosecutions,

&c. relating to the coin in 1801. 31,0241. for expences of convicts at

homefor nine months to December 31, 1802. 7,620l. for superintendance

of aliens for 1802. 1,620,2181. 19s. 6d. 3q. for bounties on corn and

grain imported into Great Britain to March 20, 1802. 200,000l to the

commissioners for reduction of the national debt. 173,5351. for refugees

of France, Toulonese and Corsican emigrants, Saint Domingo sufferers,

and American loyalists , for nine months to January 1, 1803. 10,000l. to

Doctor Jenner for his discovery of the vaccine inoculation. 1,200l. to

Henry Greathead for his invention of the life- boat. 2,676,0801. 178 .

10d. 39. to complete the fum granted out of the consolidated fund 1801.

30,000l. to pay bills drawn from South Wales in 1802. 22,0821 . 98.

8d. 3q. for bounties on corn, meal, flour and rice imported into Scotland

to April 5, 1802. 3,000l. to the Board of Agriculture. 1,500l. to the

Veterinary College. 3,000l. to the British Museum. 5,000l. to the Levant

Company. 1,1081. 168. to James Edwards, advanced to the loan for 1795 .

4,500l. for repairs to Saint Margaret's church. 199,8121. 148. 7d. for

Dutch ships surrendered to vice- admiral fir Andrew Mitchell at the New

Diep, August 30, 1799. 90,000l. for secret service moneyfor nine months

to January 1, 1803. 1,290l. 48. for the police offices. 1,1841. 108. 7d. for

AAAA3

i

!

1094 Annoregni quadragesimo secundoGEORGIIIII.C. 120. [1802.

for prosecution of George Stratton esquire and others for deposing lord

Pigot and usurping the government of Fort Saint George in the East

Indies. 5.9031. 198. 8d. for Maroons fent from Halifax to Sierra Leone.

11,9481. 78. for expences of the commission under the American treaty.

۱

4,6051. 98. 5d. for printing 54th and 55th volumes of journals of the

houte of commons. 12.000l. for printing journals, votes, bills, &c . by

order of the house of commons this session . 4,7 4,727). 185. 4d. for expences

incurred under the commission for publishing the records of the kingdom .

6121. 198. 8d. for expencesincurred in pursuance of41Geo.3.c.15. 19,9911.

Is.11d foralterations andrepairs of the houses of parliament and the speaker.

6981. 125. 5d. for alterations at Somerset Place. 3021 138. Id. 29. for

repars of the Fleet prison . 6.0121. 145. Id. for the military roads and

bridges in North Britain. 3131. 168. 11d. to Stephen Moore esquire for

preparing the publick accounts of Ireland. 2211. 10s. 9d. to John Smart

esquire for the fame. 7381.9s. 3d. to fir John Tydd baronet for his care

in the office of paymaster of coin bounties in Ireland . 1841. 125. 4d. to

Paul Le Bas eiquire, examinator of coin bounties, for his trouble in .

keeping the accounts. 2301. 155: 5d. to Robert Marshall esquire forpre-

paring accounts of the imports and exports of Ireland. 1841. 128. 4d. to

Rogers Wetherall esquire for preparing accounts for parliament. 1841.

328 4d. to Robert Wynne esquire for the fame. 1841. 125. 4d . to Thomas

Haffield for the fame. 240l. 18s. 5d. 19. for expence of Pratique

at Dublin for three months to April 5, 1802. 7261. os. 2d. for

ditto for nine months ending January 5, 1803. 7,3841 . 125. for the

charge of civil buildings in Ireland for three months to April 5, 1801.

15,6921 68. 6d. for ditto for nine months to January 5, 1803. 5761.183.

5d. 19. for apprehending publick offenders in Ireland for three monthsto

April 5, 1802. 1,7301 155.4d. 39. for ditto for nine months to January

5, 1803. 5,7691 48. 4d. 19. for office of solicitor of criminal causes in

Ireland for three months to April 5, 1802. 17,3071. 145. 1d. 39. for

ditto for nine months to January 5, 1803. 1,620 ). 188. 4d . 2q. for pro-

clamations and advertisements in the Dublin Gazette, &c. for three

months to April 5, 1802. 48651. 1s. 6d. 1q. for ditto for nine months to

January 5, 1803. 8691. 125. 3d. 2q. for printing statutes for Ireland

for three months to April 5, 1802. 4,5411. 105. 7d. 14. for

printing, stationary, &c. for the chief and under secretaries ' offices , &c.

in Ireland for three months to April 5, 1802. 13,6251. IS. 2d. 39. for

ditto for nine months to January 5, 1803. 4611. 108. 9d. for incidents

of the treasury in Ireland for three months to April 5, 1802. 1,3841.

125. 4d. for ditto for nine months to January 5, 1803. 1,3841. 125. 3d .

for building offices for the records of Ireland and courts of justice for

three months to April 5, 1802. 4,1531. 178. for ditto for nine months

to January 5, 1803. 1,8461. 38. Id. for working the gold mine in the

county ofWicklow. 6831. 18. 6d for clothing the battle-axe guards to

June 1, 1804. 2761. 18s. 6d. for the office of secretary to the commif-

fioners of charitable donations in Ireland to January 5, 1803. 2,3241.

4s. 7d. 39 for printing, &c. the eighth volume of the journals of the

peers of Ireland. 6,9511. 188. 6d. 2q. for printing, &c. the new edition

of the journals of the house ofcommons of Ireland. 2,5841. 125. 4d. for

preparing a new edition of the journals of the house of commons of

Ireland and an index thereto . 4,9841. 128. 1d. 19. sterling for the linen

and hempen manufactures in Ireland ; viz . 5ool. Irish for encouraging

the raising of hemp and flax for three months to April 5, 1802. 5001.

Irish for encouraging the hemp and flax manufactures in Leinster, &c

1,8121. 108. Irish to encourage the growth of flax. 2,5871. 108. Irith

for promoting the said manufactures in lieu of the fum paid out of

the tea and coffee duty. 14,9531. 178. 2d. sterling for the linen and

bempen manufactures in Ireland ; viz . 1,500l. Irish for encouraging

the raising of hemp and flax for nine months to January 5, 1803.

1,500l. rish for encouraging the hemp and flax manufactures in

Leiniter, &c. 5,4371, 10s. Įrish to encourage the growth of hemp and

Aax. 7,7621. 108. Irish for promoting the said manufactures in lieu of

the sum paid out of the tea and coffee duty. 1,1531. 168. 101. 1q. sterling

1802.] Anno regni quadragesimo secundoGEORGII III. C. 120.1095

- sterling for building churches, &c. in Ireland for three months to

April 5, 1802. 3,4611. 108./rod. sterling for ditto for nine months

= to January 5, 1803. 1,2691. 48. 6d . 2q. to the Dublin society for pro-

moting husbandry, &c. for three months to April 5, 1802. 3,8071 .

135. 11d . 29. toditto for nine months to January 5, 1803. 1,0381. gs. 2d .

for additional buildings at the repository of the Dublin society, &c.

for three months to April 5, 1802. 3,1151. 78. 9d. for ditto for nine

5 months to January 5, 1803. 4611. 105. 9d. for promoting the purposes

of the farming societies of Ireland for three months to April 5, 1802 ,

1,3841. 125. 4d. for ditto for nine months to January 5, 1803. 2,3071.

13s. 9d. for paving, &c. Dublin for three months to April 5, 1802 .

6,9231. 1s. 6d. 2q . for nine months to January 5, 1803. 1,0381. 98. 2d.

for making convenient streets in Dublin for three months to April 5,

1802. 3,1151. 78. 8d. 2q. for ditto for nine months to January 5, 1803 .

4,5521. 128. Id. aq. for promoting English protestant schools in Ireland

for three months to April 5, 1802. 13,5051. 75. 9d. 2q. for ditto for

nine months to January 5, 1803. 3,4611. 108. 7d. 29. for the Foundling

Hospital in Dublin for three months to April 5, 1802. 12,6921.68.

3d . 29. for ditto for nine months to January 5, 1803. 4611. IOS. 9d . for

the Hibernian marine nursery for sailors' children for three months to

April 5, 1802. 1,5321. 188. 9d . 29. for ditto for nine months to January

5 , 1803. 1,5451. 48. 6d. 2q. for the Lock hospital in Dublin for three

months to April 5, 1802. 4,1641. 185. 6d . 2q. for ditto for nine months

to January 5, 1803. 9131. 168. 1od 3q. for the Hibernian school for

soldiers' children for three months to April 5, 1802. 3,240l. os. od. 1q.

for ditto for nine months to January 5, 1803. 1,8461. 38. for the

Roman catholick seminary for three months to April 5, 1802. 5,5381.

98.4d. for ditto for nine months to January 5, 1803. 3,8981. 28. 10d. 19.

for the house of industry in Dublin for three months to April 5, 1802.

13,1671. 38. od. 39. for ditto for nine months to January 5, 1803.

691. 48. 7d. to the society for discountenancing vice , &c. in Ireland for

three months to April . 5, 1802. 5531. 168. 11d . 29. to ditto for nine

months to January 5, 1803. 1151. 75. 8d. for the Female Orphan-house

nearDublin for three months to April 5, 1802. 3461. 38. Id. for ditto for

nine months to January 5, 1803. 1,8691. 48. 7d. 2q. for a Penitentiary

House in Dublin for one year to January 5, 1803. 1,3841. 128. 3d. 3q. for-

১

the Fever Hospital in Dublin for one year to January 5, 1803. 410,0001.

to make good the deficiency of the sum granted out of the duties on goods

imported and exported and tonnage of ships and vessels for 1801. Supplies

not to be applied to any other than the authorised purposes. Rules to be

observed in the application of the fum appropriated for half pay . Officers

employed on the staff or in garrisons may receive half pay on taking the

oath mentioned . By41 Geo , 3. c. 84. a certain sum was appropriated to

be paid to reduced officers , the overplus of which may be disposed of as

his Majesty shall judge proper. Duplicates of Irish treasury bills or de.

bentures loft or destroyed may be made on affidavit of the fact before a

baron of the exchequer in Ireland.

1

AAAA PUBLIC

( 1096 )

PUBLIC LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

Annoquadragesimo fecundoGEORGII III. Regis,

Cap. 43.

An act for improving the Tinmouth Castle light-house and light; and for

authorising additional light duties in respect of such improvement.

- [May 4, 1802.]

Letters-patent of 17 Car. 2. granting to Edward Villiers a duty oftwelve-

pencefor every shipbelongingtohis Majesty's subjects passing by the light-

house at Tinmouth and belonging or trading to the ports of Newcastle

and Sunderland; and three shillings for every ship belonging to any

foreigner or stranger recited. And whereas the master, wardens, and

assistants of the corporation of the Trinity House ofNewcastle uponTyne,

and agreat number of merchants, traders, owners, and masters ofships,

and others interested in the trade and navigation of the ports of Newcastle

uponTyne and Sunderland, and the parts adjacent , takinginto considera-

tion thepresent state of the Tinmouth light- house and light, and the great

benefit which would result to the navigation of the said ports ofNewcastle

and Sunderland, and the parts adjacent, if the said light -house should be

altered by taking down a part thereof , and erecting a copper light- house

lantern , and by substituting for the coal light, which is the kind of light

at all times hitherto used, an oil light on the improved principle ofMr.

GeorgeRobinson ,by bypatent lamps and highly polished silver- platedreflec

tors, with a revolving machine according to a plan and estimate lately

made for thepurpose bythe said George Robinson, have requestedWilliam

Fowke, thepresent proprietor of the said light-house and light, to cause the

said light house and light to be altered accordingly; and in consideration

of the costs and expences which thereby will be necessarily incurred , and

of the increased annual expence which will attend the keeping, maintaining , and managing of the said light- house and light in a proper manner,

according to the said alteration and improvement, have signified their full

consent to the imposing of such additional light duties as after mentioned ,

after the light -house thall be improved, the following additional duties

shall be paid to the said William Fowke or his assigns. For every coal

ship or vessel a toll or duty of one farthing for every chaldron , Newcastle

measure, of theburthen of such ship or vessel, for each voyage. For every

other ship or vessel, belonging to any of his Majesty's subjects, a toll of

duty of halfa farthing for every ton burthen. For every ship or vessel be-

longing to any foreigner or stranger, one farthing for every ton burthen.

The custom -house shall not give clearance, &c. to any vessel until the duty

is paid. Duty to be paid only while the light - house is duly supported .

Newcastleupon Tyne Trinity House to inspect the light - house. Light

housemaybemortgaged for 2,500l. to pay the expence ofimprovements ,

&c. Limitation of actions . General Saving. Publick Act.

Cap .

1

1802.] 1097

42 Geo. 3. C. 49.73.88.

1 Cap. 49.

An act to authorise the advancement of further fums ofmoneyout of the

consolidated fund, for completing the canal, and other works, whichby

an act , passed in the thirty-ninth year of his present Majesty's reign,

intituled, An act for rendering more commodious, and for better regulating the port of London, were directed to be made and done by the

mayor, aldermen, and commons of the city of London , in common

council assembled.-[ May 7, 1802. ]

Act 39Geo. 3. c. 69. recited. Fifty thousand pounds to be advanced out

of the consolidated fundfor completingthecanal and otherworks mentioned

in the said act, tobe paid into the chamber of the city of London, tobe applied anddisposed ofby themayor, aldermen, and commons of the city of

London in common council assembled. The money to arise by sale of

premises purchased but not retained to be applied in paying the money

advanced out of the consolidated fund. The rates andduties by the re-

cited act granted to his Majesty are to be applied in paying the money ad-

vanced out of the consolidated fund. Power of the recited act extended

to this act . Cap. 73 .

An act for raising a further sum of money for carrying into execution

three several acts, passed in the thirty- fifth , thirty- eighth, and in the

thirty-ninth and fortieth years of the reign of his present Majesty, for

widening and improving the entrance into the city of London, near

Temple Bar; and for making a more commodious street or passage at

Snow Hill; and for raising on the credit of the Orphans' fund a fum of

money for those purposes ; and for explaining, amending, and enlarging

the powers of the said acts .- [ May 28, 1802.] 1

Acts 35 Geo. 3. C. 126. 38 Geo. 3. c. 61. 39 and 40. Geo 3. c. 42. recited .

The mayor, aldermen , and commons of the city of London, in common

-- council assembled, enabled to raise by annuities on the credit of the

Orphans' fund 50,000l. Common council to cause bonds or other securities

tobe given for such annuities, assignable by indorsement. The Orphans '

fund charged with such annuities, but not with the principal. Future

surplusses of the said fund, how to be employed. Uponnotice ofredemption

of annuities , and tender of the monies, theannuities to cease. Deficiencies

to be paid out of the chamber of London. The money to be raised un-

- der this act, how to be applied . The monies to arise by sale of ground

- rents , &c. under 39 and 40 Geo. 3. c. 42. to be applied in redeeming

annuities, and the surplus togo towards the increase of the Orphans' fund.

Thecorporation answerable in cafeof any misapplication. Disbursements

tobe included in the chamberlain's annual account. This act not to affect

any of the city's present creditors. Common council empowered to pur-

- chase more houses, &c. Powers,&c. contained in former act for making

gooddeficiencies in taxes and rates are to extend to the premises purchased

under this act. Sewers, &c. to be made by the city at Snow Hill. The

citymaypurchase houses, &c. at any time within three years from passing

of this act, and complete improvements at any time within five years.

Clauses, powers, &c. of the recited acts extended to this act. Publick act .

Cap. 88.

An act for repealing so much of an act made in the second year of the

reign of his present Majesty , intituled , An act for the better supplying

thecities of London and Westminster with fish , and to reduce the present

exorbitant price thereof; and to protect and encourage fishermen, as

limits the number of fish to be fold by wholesale, within the said city of

London; and for the better regulation of the sale of fish by wholesale

in the market of Billingsgate within the said city.-[June 22, 1802.]

Act 2 Geo. 3. c. 15. repealed as to sale of fish by wholesale in London. Corporation

1

Public Local and Personal Acts,

1 .1802 [ 1098

Corporation of London empowered to regulate the sale of fish wholesale at Billingsgate, as they do under 36Geo. 3. c. 118. by retail. Lots in which

fish shall be fold wholesale. Not to prevent sale of fish in smaller quanti

ties orby the single fish . Twenty pounds penalty on fishmongers refusing

to fell smaller lots or single fith. Recovery of penalties. Limitation of

prosecution. Power to compel attendance of witnesses. Application of

penalties . Appeal. Limitation ofactions. Publick act.

Ad

go di

M

m

१०

ומ

rat

Cap. 89.

to

T

An act to remove doubts as to certain acts relating to the admeasurement

ofcoals in the cityand liberty of Westminster, and parts adjacent; and

toreviveandcontinue an act, passed in the twenty-sixth year of the reign

do T Di

of hispresent Majesty, relating to the admeasurement ofcoals within the

CAlimits aforesaid; and to indemnify all persons who have acted in purín-

ance of any of the provisions of the said act. -[June 22, (802. ]

Act 26Geo. 3. c. 108. revived and continued until twenty-fourth day of

June , 1817 .

Cap. 113 .

An act to alter and amend an act , passed in the thirty-ninth year of his

present Majesty's reign, intituled, An act for rendering morecommodious

and for better regulating the port of London, so far as the fame relates

to the concerns of the West India Dock company thereby established ,

and for extending to other objects the compensations directed to be

made by the said act.-[June 26, 1802. ]

Act 39 Gec. 3. c. 69. recited. The directors of the West- India Dock

company empowered at any time within five years from the passing of

this act to complete the docks and works by the recited act authorised to

bemade. The clause in the recited act concerning the surroundingwall

and ditch repealed. The directors empowered to build walls for unload .

ing ships , &c . When any of the docks , &c. shall be approved as ready for

reception of ships, &c. notice to be published in the London Gazette, &c .

Gates and doors of dock premises, &c. to be under the joint locks of the

company and the revenue officers. The dock gates, &c . to be opened

from the tenth of November to the ninth of May at eight in the morning ,

and continue open until five in the afternoon; and from the tenth of May

to the ninth of November to be open from fix in the morning to fix in the

afternoon . The revenue officers are to attend at the docks from the tenth

of November to the pinth of May from nine in the morning to four in the

afternoon, and from the tenth of May to the ninth of November from eight

in the morning to four in the afternoon. No holydays except Sundays

Christmas - days, and Good Fridays, general fafts andthanksgivings. No

person to remain within the docks, &c. when the gates are shut, except a

guard on watch. Directors empowered to permit fires, &c. within the

docks, &c. Regulations to be observed by masters of Weft- India vessels

before arrival atGravefend. Regulations to be observed on arrivingin

the river Thames. On neglect to enter Weft- India goods brought into the

dockpremises sevendays after the vessel importing the same shall have been

reported, the companymay enterthe fame the next day, &c. On negled

to enter suchgoods for eight days after the vessel shall have been reported

the officers of the customs or excise may seize the goods, &c . No Welt-

India vessel to be permitted to break bulk until the whole of her cargo be

duly entered, &c. and vessels to be discharged in rotation. The commander or senior officer to be on board all the time ofunloading. Welt.

India goods brought into the docks, as shall be chargeable withduties according toweight or measure, to be weighed or gauged immediately after

being landed, &c. How the tare weight of casks shall be ascertained.

Weft- Indiagoods to be examined, and damages happening thereto to be

ascertained and valued, andsamples takenbefore removed from the quays. Additional

] 1099

42 Geo. 3. C. 113 .

onal rates tobe paid to the companyfor West- India produce. For

wares and merchandize chargeable by weight two-pence per hun-

weight, and for sugar one- penny per hundred weight. For goods,

andmerchandize chargeable by measure one milling per cash. So

of recited act as directs the times of payment ofrates on West- India

repealed. Other times appointed for payment of such rates ; and

ault of payment , directors empowered to fell goods for recovery of

No fees to be taken by the company's or revenue officers . Not

prive the revenue officers of their lawful fee on goods exported.

hillings a ton to be paid to the company for vessels using any of the

tobe fet apart for empty vessels without having first brought acargo.

ompanymay increase their capital to eight hundred thousand pounds .

tors not personally answerable for acts legally done by them in the

tyofdirectors . For compensating lightermen employed in unload-

. West- India ships and sugar coopers. Powers, clauses, &c. of the

dact extended to this act. Publick act.


