Pickering, Statutes At Large

Volume 7, post Interregnum statutes.

Anno. 12 Caroli II.

Cap. 1. For removing and preventing all Questions and Disputes concerning the Assembling and Sitting of this present Parliament.

Cap. 2. For putting in Execution an Ordinance mentioned in the said Act.

Cap. 3. For the Continuance of Process and judicial Proceedings continued.

Cap. 4. A Subsidy granted to the King of Tonnage and Poundage, and other Sums of Money, payable upon Merchandize exported and imported.

Cap. 5. For continuing the excise until the twentieth of August 1660.

Cap. 6. For the present nominating of Commissioners of Sewers, and the said Statute of Henry the Eighth to continue in Force.

Cap. 7. For restoring unto James Marquis of Ormond all his Honours, Manors, Lands and Tenements in Ireland, whereof he was in Possession on the 23d Day of October 1641. or at any Time since.

Cap. 8. For continuing the excise till the 25th Day of December 1660.

Cap. 9. For the speedy Provision of Money for disbanding and paying off the Forces of this Kingdom, both by Land and Sea.

Cap. 10. Explanations of certain Defaults in an Act, intituled, An Act for the Speedy Provision of Money for Disbanding an Paying off the Forces of this Kingdom both by Land and Sea.

Cap. 11. For Free and General Pardon, Indemnity and Oblivion.

Cap. 12. For Confirmation of Judicial Proceedings.

Cap. 13. For the restraining the taking of excessive Usury.

Cap. 14. For a perpetual Anniversary Thanksgiving of the nine and twentieth Day of May.

Cap. 15. For the speedy Disbanding of the Army and Garrisons of this Kingdom, with Instructions for the same.

Cap. 16. For enabling the Soldiers of the Army, now to be disbanded, to exercise Trades.

Cap. 17. For the Confirming and Restoring of Ministers.

Cap. 18. For the Encouraging and Increasing of Shipping and Navigation.

Cap. 19. To prevent Frauds and Concealments of his Majesty's Customs and Subsidies.

Cap. 20. For the raising of sevenscore thousand Pounds, for the compleat Disbanding of the whole Army, and paying Part of the Navy.

Cap. 22. For the speedy raising of seventy thousand Pounds for the present Supply of his Majesty.

Cap. 22. For the Regulating of the Trade of Bay-making in the Dutch Bay-hall in Colchester.

Cap. 23. A Grant of certain Impositions upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, for the Increase of his Majesty's Revenue during his Life.

Cap. 24. For taking away the Court of Wards and Liveries, and Tenures in Capite, and by Knights Service, and Purveyance, and for settling a Revenue upon his Majesty in Lieu thereof.

Cap. 25. For the better ordering the selling of Wines by Retail, and for preventing Abuses in the Mingling, Corrupting and Vitiating of Wines, and for settling and limiting the Prices of the same.

Cap. 26. For the levying of the Arrears of the twelve Months Assessment, commencing the 24th of June 1659, and the six Months Assessment, commencing the 25th of December 1659.

Cap. 27. For granting unto the king's Majesty four hundred and twenty thousand Pounds, by an Assessment of threescore and ten thousand Pounds by the Month, for six Months, for Disbanding the Remainder of the Army, and paying off the Navy.

Cap. 28. For further supplying and explaining certain defects in an Act, intituled, An Act for the speedy Provision of Money for Disbanding and Paying off the Forces of this Kingdom both by Land and Sea.

Cap. 29. For the speedy raising of seventy thousand Pounds for the present Supply of his Majesty.

Cap. 30. For the Attainder of several Persons guilty of the horrid Murder of his late Sacred Majesty King Charles the First.

Cap. 31. Leases and grants from colleges and hospitals confirmed.

Cap. 32. For prohibiting the Exportation of Wool, Woolsels, Fullers Earth, or any kind of Scouring Earth.

Cap. 33. For Confirmation of Marriages.

Cap. 34. For prohibiting the Planting, Setting or Sowing of Tobacco in England and Ireland.

Cap. 35. For erecting and establishing a Post-Office.

Cap. 36. The Master of the Rolls for the Time being, impowered to make Leases for Years, in order to new build the old Houses belonging to the Rolls.

Cap. 37. For making the Precinct of Covent-Garden Parochial.

Private Acts.

Anno. 12 Caroli II.

1. An act for naturalizing Peter de la Pierre alias Peters, and John de la Pierre alias Peters.

2. An act for the necessary maintenance of the work of draining the great level of the fenns.

3. An act for restoring unto Morough alias Morgan Earl of Inchiquin all his Honours, Manors, Lands and Tenements in Ireland, whereof he was in Possession on the three and twentieth of October one thousand six hundred forty-one, or at any Time since.

4. An Act for restoring unto William Marquess of Newcastle all his Honours, Manors, lands and Tenements in England, whereof he was in possession on the twentieth Day of May one thousand six hundred forty-two, or at any Time lmce.

5. An Act for the Settling of the Priory of Walton and other Lands belonging to the Earl of Winchelsey in the County of York, in the Hands of Trustees for the Payment of Debts.

6. An Act for Restoring of Sir George Lane, Knight, to the Possession of the Manors of Rathclive and Lisduff, and other Lands in Ireland.

7. An Act for Restoring to Charles Lord Gerrard Baron of Brandon, all his Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, whereof he was in Possession on the twentieth Day of May one thousand six hundred forty-two, or at any Time sithence.

8. An Act for Restoring of John Lord Culpeper, Son and Heir and sole Executor to Thomas Lord Culpeper Baron of Thorsway, and Master of the Rolls deceased, all the Honours, Manors, Lands and Tenements, Leases not determined and Hereditaments whatsoever, whereof the said John Lord Culpeper was in Possession on the twentieth day of May one thousand six hundred forty-two, or at any Time after, which have not been since sold or aliened by the said John late Lord Culpeper by Acts or Assurances to which himself was Party and Consenting.

9. An Act for Restoring of the Marquess of Hertford to the Dukedom of Somerset.

10. An Act for Enabling Augustine Skinner and William Skinner to make Sale of some Lands for Payment of Debts.

11. An Act for the Incorporating of the Master and wardens of the Company of Haberdashers, London, to be Governors of the Free School and Alms houses in Newport in the County of Salop, of the Foundation of William Adams, and for settling of Lands and possessions on them for Maintenance thereof, and other charitable Uses.

12. An Act for the Naturalising of Dorothea Helena countess of Derby, Wife of the Right Honourable Charles Earl of Derby, and Emilia called Countess of Ossory, Wife of the Right Honourable Thomas Butler called Earl of Ossory, Son and Heir apparent of the Right Honourable James Marquess of Ormond and Earl of Brecknocke, and Margaret Lady Culpeper, Wife of the Right Honourable Thomas Lord Culpeper Baron of Thorsway, and the Right Honourable Charles Kirkhoven Lord Wotton, and Dame Emilia his Sister, Children of Katherine Stanhop Countess of Chesterfield by John Kirkhoven Lord of Hentflett.

13. An Act for Enabling Sir George Booth, Baronet, to make Leases and Sales of Part of his Estate.

14. An Act for Restoring of Henry Lord Arundell of Warder to the Possession of his Estate.

15. An Act for Restitution of Thomas Earl of Arundell, Surrey and Norfolk, to the Dignity and Title of Duke of Norfolk.

16. An Act to Restore to Wentworth Earl of Roscomon of the Kingdom of Ireland all the Honours, Castles, Lordships, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments in Ireland, whereof James Earl of Roscomon his Great Grandfather, Robert Earl of Roscomon his Grandfather, or James late Earl of Roscomon his Father, were in Possession on the three and twentieth of October one thousand six hundred forty-one.

17. An Act for Enabling of John Newton the Younger, and william Oakely, to make Sale of Lands for Payment of Debts and Raising Portions.

18. An Act for Restoring Sir George Hamilton unto his Lands and Estate in Ireland.

19. An Act for Maintenance of the Vicar for the Time being of the Vicaridge of Royston in the County of Hertford and Cambridge, and of his Successors, Vicars of the said Vicaridge.

20. An Act for Enabling Sir William Wray to sell Lands for Payment of his Debts and Raising of Portions for his younger Children.

21. An Act for Naturalising of Gerrard Vantethusen, Daniel Demetrius, Theodore Cocke, John Cravenburgh, and others.

22. an Act for the Levying of certain Moneys due upon the Collection for the protestants of Piedmont.

23. An Act for the Naturalising of John Boreel, Esquire, Eldest Son of Sir William Boreel Knight and Baronet.

24. An Act for the Naturalising of Abraham Watchter born beyond the Seas.

25. An Act for Restoring of Sir Thomas Crimes, Baronet, to his Estate.

26. An Act Enabling George Fount of Faston in the County of Leicester, Esquire, to sell and convey Part of his Lands for Payment of several Debts and Legacies charged upon his Estate by Sir William Fount, Knight, deceased, and for the Raising of Portions for his younger Children, and making his Wife a Jointure.

27. An act for Naturalising of Frances Hyde, and others.

28. An Act to enable Joseph Micklethwaite an Infant, and his Trustees, to sell Land for Payment of his father's Debts.

29. An Act for Raising Portions and making Provision for Maintenance for the younger Children of Sir Edward Gestwicke, Baronet.

30. An Act for Confirming the Sale of the Manor of Hitcham, sold to Charles Doe by Sir John Clarke, Knight and Baronet, and for settling and disposing other the Lands of the said Sir John Clarke and Dame Philadelphia his Wife.

31. An Act for the Settling of same of the Manors and Lands of the Earl of Clieveland in Trustees, to be sold for the Satisfying of the Debts of the said Earl, and of Thomas Lord Wentworth his Son.

32. An Act for the Disappropriating of the Rectory Appropriate of Preston, and Uniting and Consolidating of the said Rectory, and of the Vicaridge of the Church of Preston, and for the Alluring of the Advowson and Right of Patronage of the same unto the Master, Fellows and Scholars of Emanuell College in Cambridge, and their successors.

End of the TABLE.

1660.] Anno duodecimo Caroli. II. c. 1. 359

Anno Regni CAROLI II. Regis Angliae, Scotiae, Franciae, & Hiberniae, duodecimo.

At the parliament begun and holden at Westminster the five and twentieth day of Anno Dom. one thousand six hundred and sixty, in the twelfth year of the reign of our most gracious sovereign lord Charles the Second, by the grace of God, of England, Scotland, France and Ireland, King, defender of the faith, &c. And there continued until the nine and twentieth day of December then next following, and then dissolved by his Majesty: To the high pleasure of Almighty God, and to the weal publick of this realm, were enacted as followeth.

CAP. I.

An act for removing and preventing all questions and disputes concerning the assembling and sitting of this present parliament.

FOR the preventing all doubts and scruples concerning the assembling, sitting and proceeding of this present parliament, (2) be it declared and enacted, and it is declared and enacted by the King our sovereign lord, and by the lords and commons in parliament assembled, and by authority of the same,

[16. Car. 1. c. 7. The parliament begun 3 Nov. 16 Car. 1. declared to be dissolved.]

That the parliament begun and holden at Westminster the third day of November in the sixteenth year of the reign of the late King Charles of blessed memory, is fully dissolved and determined:

[The lords and commons now sitting declared to be the two houses of parliament.]

(3) and that the lords and commons now sitting at Westminster, in this present parliament, are the two houses of parliament, and so shall be, and are hereby declared, enacted and adjudged to be, to all intents, constructions and purposes whatsoever, notwithstanding any want of the King's majesty's writ or writs of summons, or any defect or alteration of or in any writ or writs of summons, or any other defect or default whatsoever; as if this parliament had been summoned by writ or writs in his Majesty's name, according to the usual form, and as if his Majesty had been present in person at the assembling and commencement of this present parliament.

[The King's assent to this act shall not determine this session.]

(4) Provided always, That this present parliament may be dissolved by his Majesty after the usual manner, as if the same had been summoned by writ or writs in his Majesty's name. (5) Provided also, and it is hereby enacted, That his Majesty's royal

360 Anno duodecimo Caroli II. c. 2, 3. [1660.

assent to this bill shall not determine this present session of parliament.

CAP. II.

An act for passing in execution an ordinance mentioned in the said act.

EXP. 13 Car. 2. stat. 1. c. 7.

CAP. III.

An act for the continuance of process, and judicial proceeding continued.

[Writs, &c. shall not be discontinued for not holding certain days of return.]

WHEREAS tie four first returns of Easter term in the year one thousand six hundred sixty, of late called from Easter-day in fifteen days; from Easter-day in three weeks, from Easter-day in one months and from Easter-day in five weeks, or any of them, cannot be conveniently kept or holden: (2) now for avoiding all manner of discontinuances whatsoever, which by occasion thereof should or might happen or be in any matter or cause whatsoever, in any the courts at Westminster: (3) be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, and the lords and commons assembled in parliament, That no pleas, writs, bills, actions, suits, plaints, process, precepts, or other thing or things whatsoever, pleacted, returned or depending, or having day or days, in any of the said courts, in or at the said several returns, or any of them, or at any other day or days certain after any of the said returns, shall be in any wise discontinued, or put without day, for or by reason of the not keeping or holding of the said returns or days, or any of them; (4) but that all and singular the said pleas, writs, bills, actions, suits, plaints, process, precepts, and other the premisses aforesaid, shall stand, continue, and be good and effectual in law, to all intents and purposes, as if the said returns and days, and every of them, had been actually kept and holden in all and every the said courts; any law, statute, custom or usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

[The said writs, process, pleas, &c. returnable and pleadable at a certain day.]

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all pleas, writs, bills, actions, suits, plaints, process, precepts, and other thing or things whatsoever aforesaid, pleadable, or to be pleaded, returnable or to be returned, or having day in any manner whatsoever at any of the said returns, or any day or days certain after any of the said returns, be and are hereby continued and adjourned unto, (and shall and may be pleaded, returned, heard and determined in the respective courts aforesaid) at or on the fifth return of the said term, of late called In the morrow of the ascension of our Lord; (2) and that all parties in any pleas, writs, bills, actions, suits, plaints, process, or other thing or things whatsoever, having days given them at any of the said four first returns, or at any other day or days certain after any of the said returns, in the said courts, or any of them by virtue of this present act, have the said return of late called In the morrow of the ascension of our Lord, prefixed them therein; (3) and that all sheriffs, officers, and other ministers whatsoever, and every of them respectively, keep in their hands all writs, bills, process and precepts, and all other things whatsoever to them directed respectively, returnable or to be returned

1660.] Anno duodecimo Caroli II. c. 3. 361

in the several courts aforesaid, at the said four first returns, or any of them, in or at any day certain, as aforesaid, until the said fifth return of late called The morrow of the ascension of our Lord, and then return the same into the said several courts respectively, that such proceedings may be then had thereupon as should have been had in case the said four first returns had been kept and holden.

---

[Process, writs,

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, 'That no writs, process, plaints, pleas, informations, indiCl- pleas, &c. un-ments or judicial proceedings, had, commenced or prosecuted before the fifth day of May in the said year of our Lord one names, may thousand six hundred sixty, in the name, stile, title or test of be prosecuted Custodes libertatis Anglia authoritate parliament, or in the name, and proceeded stile, title or test of the keepers of the liberty of England, by autho- uP°n* rity of parliament; (2) or in the name, stile, title or test of Oliver lord protestor of the commonwealth of England, Scotland and Ireland, and the dominions thereto belonging y or in the name, stile, title or test of Oliver lord protestor of the commonwealth of England, Scotland and Ireland, and the dominions and territories thereunto belonging y or in the name, stile, title or test of Richard lord protector of the commonwealth of England, Scotland and Ireland, and the dominions and territories thereunto belonging y (3) shall be put without dav, abated, quashed or discontinued, by his Majesty's most jult reaffumption of the actual exercise of his kingly government in this kingdom; (4) nor shall the same be cause of error abatement or discontinuance; (5) but that all such'writs, process, plaints, pleas, informations, indictments and judicial proceedings, and all commissions for taking of answers or examination of witoestes, commission for taking of fines and i warrants of attorney, guardians or prochein amy, shall stand and i be continued, and shall and may be proceeded upon, prosecuted and returned notwithstanding the same were commenced, or prosecut-! ed in English, and notwithstanding the present happy change and restitution of his Majesty's name and stile in judicial proceedings.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That one pretended act made in the year of our Lord one thousand process and) six hundred fifty, intituled, An act for turning the books of the proceedings in lawy and all process and proceedings in courts of juflicey into English, English in shall stand and be in force as if the same had been a good and £olir|s of effectual act, from the first return of Easter term in the year of exp! our Lord one thousand six hundred fifty-one, until the first day of August in the year of our Lord one thousand six hundred sixty, and no longer; (2) And whereas by one other pretended act made in the said year of our Lord one thousand six hundred fifty, intituled, An act touching corn and, meal* it was enacted, or mentioned to be enacted, That from and after the twentieth day of November one thousand six hundred fifty, it should and might be lawful to and for any person or persons, defendant or tenant, for or by reason of any matter to be pleacted, set forth or alledged in bar to any action real, personal or mixt, in any court of record, to plead the general issue of not guilty, or the like general issue proper

6z Anno duodecimo Caroli II. c. 4. [1660.

per to the nature of the action or suit commenced, and for his or their discharge or acquitting to give any such matter in evidence to the jury that shall try the same; (3) and that the said matter shall be as available to such person or persons, defendant or tenant, to all intents and purposes, as if the said matter had been specially pleacted, set forth or alledged in bar of such action:

pleading the V. Be it farther enacted, That thfe said pretended a<£k, as general issue. touching the pleading of the general issue, shall by authority EXP. hereof stand and be in fall force and effect according to the te-

nor thereof, until the said first day of August^ as if the same had been a good and effectual act of parliament, and no longer.

VI. Provided always, That where the general issue hath been (ince the said twentieth day of November one thousand six hundred fifty pleacted, or shall before the said first day of August in the said year of our Lord one thousand six hundred sixty be pleacted, in any action, that then upon the trial of the said cause, such evidence shall and may be allowed, as if the said pretended act touching the pleading of the general issue had been and continued a good and efledtaal act of parliament not determined or discontinued.

His Majetyt

VII. Provided also, That his Majest/s royal assent to the KlPd th^ot Pa^8 tM* bill shall not extend or be construed to extend to determinate determining of the session of this present parliament, session.

VIII. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That all writs,

All writs, pa- patents and commissions for constituting justices of either bench, tents, comiraf- and barons of the exchequer, commimons of oyer and terminer iflbem the an<* g*t>l-delivery, and precepts upon commissions of oyer and King's name termmer and gaol-delivery, and all other commissions hereafter as formerly, to be made by the clerk of the crown in the chancery, charters and letters patents under the great seal, of lands, liberties, honours or offices, do or may issue in the King's majesty's name, in the same manner as was usual before the making of the said first recited pretended act; any thing in this present act to the contrary thereof before expressed in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. IV.

A subsidy granted to the King of tonnage and poundage, and other sums of money, payable upon merchandize exported and imported.

The causes /TT^H E commons assembled in parliament, repofingtruft and and trusts up- confidence in your Majesty, in and for the guarding and the^subsidies defending of the seas against all persons intending or that shall of tonnage intend the disturbance of your said commons in the intercourse and poundage, of trade, and the invading of this your realm: For the better defraying the necessary expences thereof, which cannot other-Pefending the wife be effected without great charge to his Majesty, (2) do, jfeas. by and with the advice and consent of the lords in this your

present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same,

to

363

o the intent aforesaid, give and grant unto you our supreme liege lord and sovereign, one subsidy called tonnage, that is to A subsidy of say, of every ton of wine of the growth of France, or of any tonna^ the dominions of the French King, or crown of Frame, that to the

(Tia.ll come into the port of London and the members thereof, by way of merchandize by your natural-born fubicdts* (3) the sum of four pounds and ten shillings of current English money, and so after that rate, and by strangers and aliens, six pounds of like money; (4) and of every ton of the like wine which fli all be brought into all and every the other ports and places of tl\is kingdom and the dominions thereof by way of merchandize t>y your natural-born subjects, the sum of three pounds, (5) and by aliens four pounds and ten shillings; (6) and of every butt or pipe of Mufcadels, Malmseys, Cuts, Tents, Alicants,

Bastands, Sacks, Canaries, Malljgoes, Maderaes and other wines whatsoever, commonly called sweet wines, of the growth of the LevantSpain* Portugal or any of them, or of any the islands or dominions to them or any of them belonging, or el few here, that shall come or be brought into the port of London by your natural-born subjects, the sum of forty-five shillings of current English money, and so after that rate, and by (Iran-gers and aliens, three pounds of like money ? (7) and of every butt and pipe of the like wine which shall come or be brought into all, every or any the other ports and places of this kingdom and dominions thereof, by way of merchandize, by your natural-born subjects, the sum of thirty shillings, and by (Grangers, forty-five nullings; (8) and of every awm of Rhenish wine or wine of the growth of Germany* that shall be brought into this your realm and the dominions thereof, by your natural-born subjects, the fom of twenty shillings of current English money, and by strangers and aliens, twenty and five, shillings

(9) which several rates are the same which are expressed in a 15 Car. c. 6> certain book of rates herein after mentioned and referred unto: Vaugh. 160.

(10) And also one other subsidy called poundage, that is to say, A^fldy of all manner of goods and merchandize of every merchant, ^duties on natural-born subject, denizen and alien, to be carried out of tonnage, &c. this realm or any your Majesty's dominions to the same belong- ore continued, ing, or to be brought into the same by way of merchandize, o( enIar*

the value of every twenty shillings of the same goods and mer- 2, c.s. chandizes, according to the several and particular rates and va- +& 5 w.icNj! lues of the same goods and merchandizes, as the same are par- c. 5. ticularly and respectively rated and valued in the said book of6^c-

rates herein after mentioned and referred unto, twelve - pence, £ 83

and so after that rate: (11) And of every twenty shillings value^w. 3. of any the native commodities of this realm or manufacturees c. 14 6c 34. wrought of any such native commodities, to be carried out of9 & 10 'vv* 3* this realm, by every or any merchant-alien, according to the*y3^' value thereof in the said hook expressed. twelve-pence over and c. 3. & c. 10. above the twelve-pence aforesaid; (12) except and foreprized 1 Ann. flat. 1. put of this grant of subsidy of poundage, all manner of woollen c*J* & c-13-cloths, made or wrought or to be made or yrrought within this*£3

realm^Ann. c. 6.

364 Anno duodecimo Caroli II. C.j£ f 1660.

5 Ann. c. 19. realm of England, commonly called old draperies; (13) and aO fcc. 7. wines before limited to pay subsidy of tonnage; (14) and aii

6 cl*!?'9# manner of fish, English taken and brought by English bottoms

7 Ann. c. 7. into this realm, and all manner of fresh fim and bestial that

f.*. shall come into this your realm; (15) and all other goods and

s Ann. c. j- merchandizes, which in the said book of rates are mentioned 'fc'L tobecustom-free.

t. c. i. & stat. s. c. it. 3*Gco. i. c. 7. 6 Geo. v. c. 4. & c. it. 8 Geo. 1. c. 15.9 Geo 1. c. 11. 10 Geo. 1. c. 10. 11 Geo. x. c. 7. x* Geo. x. c. 4. See.6.* Geo. t.

stat. i. c. 1. Sc stat. ». c. 17.* Geo. c. x8. Sc c. 18. 4 Geo. c. 17.

On woolen

II. And further, We your said commons, by the advice, doth, 38. 46. afient, and authority aforesaid, do give and grant unto you, our For aliens du- said liege lord and sovereign, for the causes aforesaid, one othe TA % $ subsidy» that is to say, of and for every short woolen cloth to be exported by your naturaj^homjbbje's of this your realm: and the dominions thereof, »Ue3^br6ad cloth, not exceeding: twenty-eight yards in length, and threescore and four pounds in 1 weight, the turn of three shillings and four-pence of current -English money; and of every cloth of greater length and weight, pro port ionably, according to the same rate; (2) and of ever; other short cloth of old drapery oflefler length and weight, accounting so many pieces to a short doth, as are limited 2nd appointed thereunto by the said book of rates, to be likewise exported by your said natural-born subjects, the like sum of three Strangers, shillings four-pence, and so after that rate j (3) and by stran-6 s. 8 d. jjers and aliens six shillings and eight-pence for every short doth

accounted.as aforesaid; (4) which several rates are accordingly expressed in the said book of rates herein after mentioned and The said sub- referred unto; (0 to have, hold, take, enjoy and perceive the t^1 he f£fntC<i subsidies aforesaid, and every of them, and every part and parcel of them, unto your Majesty, from the four and twentieth life. day of June inclusively, in the twelfth year of your Majesty's

reign, for and during your Majesty's life, which God long preserve.

The penalty

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, for not paying That if any wines, goods or other merchandize, whereof the the subsidy. subsidies aforesaid are or shall be due, shall at any time after be shipped or put into any boat or vessel, to the intent to be carried into the parts beyond the seas, or else be brought from the parts beyond the seas into any port, place or creek of this realm or other your Majesty's dominions, by way of merchandize, and unshipped to be laid on land, the subsidy, customs and other duties due or to be due for the same, not paid or lawfully tendred to the collector thereof or his deputy, with the consent and agreement of the comptroller and surveyor there or one of them at the lead, nor agreed with for the same in the custom-house according to the true meaning of this act, that then, (tom the said four and twentieth day of June* all the same wines, goods and merchandizes whatsoever, shall be forfeit to your Majesty j the one moiety of the rate thereof to your Majesty, and the other moiety to him Qr them that will seise the same or fije for

1660.] Anno duodecimo Caroli II. c. 4. 365

the same; and that it may please your Majesty, That all mer- Merchants rhants, as well denizens as strangers, coming into this your

realm, be well and honestly intreated and demeaned, for such treated.1*" things as subsidy by this act is granted, as they were in the ti me of your noble progenitors and predecessors, without of-pression to them to be done, paying the subsidies aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, A proviso for That if any goods or merchandize as aforesaid, of any merchant fuc^ whose being born denizen, after the said four and twentieth day of*

June* hath been or at any time hereafter during your Majesty's " life shall be taken by any enemies or pirates upon the sea, or pe- the feu rished, in any ship or mips that shall happen to be taken or perished during your Majesty's life, whereof the subsidies and other duties aforesaid are or shall be duly paid or agreed for as aforesaid, and that duly proved before the treasurer of England* of of the treasury or chief baron of the exchequer for the timobeing, by the examination of the same merchants if they be alive, or of their executors or administrators if they be dead, or by two credible witnesses at the least sworn, or other reasonable witnesses and proof sworn, then the same merchant or merchants, his or their executors or administrators, shall or may newly ship in the same port where the goods and merchandize aforesaid weri or shall be customed, to much other merchandize or goods as the same goods or merchandize are or shall be loft as aforesaid shall amount unto in custom, without paying of any thing for the same; (2) so as the same proof be recorded and allowed of in the court of exchequer, and certified unto the collectors of the customs of the port where the same wares or merchandizes are to be newly shipped without custom as aforesaid: (3) And further, That every merchant-Thecuftdms denizen who shall hereafter ship any goods or merchandize in goodt any cairack or galley, shall pay to your Majesty all manner of customs and all the subsidies aforesaid, as any alien born out of lies.* the realm.

V. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful to all Shipping of and every your subjects at his and their will and pleasure, to herring*, convey and transport out of this realm, in ships and other vessels

of any the subjedU of this realm, all and every kind of herrings and other seafish, to be taken on the sea by any the subjects aforesaid, from or out of any port or harbour of this realm, to any place out of your Majesty's dominions, without paying any custom, subsidy or poundage-monie9 for the same herrings or other fish so carried or transported, during your Majesty's life; any thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And because no rates can be impofei upon merchandize im- No°be ported or exported by subjects or aliens* but by common consent in par- JJ^handlse liament\ (2) Be it further enacted and declared by the authori- without au-ty aforesaid, That the rates intended by this present act shall thority of par-be the rates mentioned and expressed in one book of rates, in- liament* tituled. The rates of merchandize, that is to say, the subsidy of

A book of rates agreed by the commons house of parliament.

The fees of custom officers.

A provisofbr such as paid before July 14, 1660.

Goods which may be exported immediately after the passing this act.

Goods which may be exported being at certain

Anno duodecimo Caroli II. c 4. [1660.

tonnage, the subsidy of poundage, and the subsidy of woofa cloths or old draperies, as they are rated and agreed on by tfe commons house of parliament, set down and expressed in th. book, to be paid according to the tenor of the act of tonna^ and poundage, from the twenty-fourth day of June inclusiveS, in the twelfth year of his Majesty's reign, during his Majesty. life, and subscribed with the hand of Sir Harbcttle Grimston9 baronet, speaker of the house of commons 5 (3) which laid bock of rates composed and agreed on by your Majesty's said commons, and also every article, rule and clause therein contained shall be and remain during your Majesty's life, as effectual to 2! Intents and purposes, as if the same were included particular); in the body of this present act.

VII. And it is further enacted, That during the continuant of this present grant, where the goods exported or imports: amount to the value of five pounds or more, the customers an; Collectors, and all other his Majesty's officers in the several port! shall take and receive such fees and no other, as were taken is the fourth year of the late King James, until such time as tht (sad fees shall be otherwise settled by authority of parliament.

VIII. Provided always, That no person or persons, who after the four and twentieth day of June in the year one thousand fii hundred and sixty, and before the four and twentieth of Jufyw the same year, have paid, received or collected any duties or customs, according to the rates used in April one thousand six hundred and sixty, shall be molested or any way impeached for or concerning the payment or receipt of the said duties or any other duties by this act imposed.

IX. And it is hereby further declared, That no person who hath shipped any goods since the said four and twentieth of Jutte9 and before the said four and twentieth of July9 shall be liable to the payment of any duties therefore, other than such as were used to be paid in the said month of April one thousand six hundred and sixty.

X. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any person or persons, immediately from and after the passing of this act, to transport, ship and carry out of this kingdom, or out of any port thereof, by way of merchandize, any of these commodities, goods and merchandizes following; that is to say, iron, armour, bandeleers, bridle-bits, halbert-heads and (harps, hol-fters, muskets, carbines, fowling-pieces, pistols, pike-heads, sword or rapier-blades, saddles, fnaffles, ftyrops, calve-skins dressed or undressed, geldings, oxen, sheep-skins dressed without the wool, and all forts of manufactures made of leather, paying the respective rates appointed by this act and no other; any law, statutes, prohibitions and customs to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful, immediately after the passing of this act, for any person or persons to ship, carry out and

1660.] Anno duodecimo Caroli II. c. 4. 367

transport by way of merchandize, these several forts of goods price*, bllowing, that is to say, (a) gunpowder, when the lame doth "3*tot exceed the price of five pounds the barrel: (3) And wheat, , ^I3[ ye, pease, beans, barley, malt and oats, beer, port, bacon, c. 10. f. 4. the jutter, cheese, candles, when the same do not exceed in price exportation of tt the ports from whence they are laden, and at the time their lacting, these prices following; that is to say, (4) Wheat c^Ht &c. i, the quarter, forty shillings; rye, beans and pease, the quarter, inode duty-twenty-four shillings; barley and malt the quarter, twenty (hil-/ra. lings; oats the quarter, sixteen shillings; (5) beef the barrel, five pounds; pork the barrel, six pounds ten shillings; baconUc. 60 the pound, six-pence; (6) butter the barrel, four pounds ten, Car.*, ct?. shillings; cheese the hundred, one pound ten shillings; (7) £ 4-candles the dozen pound, five shillings, paying the respective*W. & M. rates appointed by this act, and no more: any former law, fta- ttat*1*c# tute, prohibition or custom to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XII. Provided always, That it shall be free and lawful for hu Majesty,

his Majesty, at any time when he shall see cause so to do, and by proclaraa-for such time as shall be therein expressed, by proclamation to tion may pro-prohibit the transporting of gun-powder, or any sort of arms or ammunition into any parts out of this kingdom; any thing in g^n-powder, this act contained to the contrary notwithstanding. arms and am-

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, munition out That over above the rates herein before-mentioned, there shall be paid unto your Majesty of every ton of wine of the growth ar' c' of France, Germany, Portugal or Madera, brought unto the port An additional of London, or elsewhere, the sura of three pounds of current subsidy upon English money, within the space of nine months after the im- wjJc$*°vcr. porting; (2) and of every ton of all other wines brought in, as fore-mention-aforesaid, the sum of four pounds of like current money, with- ed rate*, in the space of nine months after the importing thereof; (3) Security to be for the payment of which duties accordingly, the importer ?ivcn the shall give good security: (4) And if any of the said wines, for T^Sfd'sub-which the additional duty in this clause mentioned is paid or fe- fidy to be re-" cured at the importation, be exported within twelve months paid upon ex-after their importation, then the aforesaid additional duty in this Potation, clause mentioned shall be returned, or the security discharged, amtbsln^ as to so much as shall be so exported; (5) and if at the impor- larged to three tation the importer shall pay for the same ready money, he shallyears by 7 be allowed after the rate of ten per cent, for a year. Geo*

XIV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the., 0' said four and twentieth day of July, all manner of wines what- chLacdof cx-soeverto be imported into the port of London, or elsewhere, shall pf©.

be freed and discharged of and from the imposition of excise.

XV. Provided, and it is hereby declared and enacted, That prizage wines the prizage of wines, or prize wines, ought not to pay tonnage not to pay any nor custom, and shall not be charged with the payment of any customorsub-euftom, subsidy or sum of money imposed upon wines by this ^7*

aft, or any thing therein contained* 13 Car. 2.flat. 1. c. 7.

[Note: dodgy copy; pages get repeated.]

368 Anno duodecimo Caroli II. c. 4. [1660.

The RATES of MERCHANDIZE, that is to say. The subsidy of tonnage, the subsidy of poundage, and the subsidy of woolen cloths or old-drapery, as they are rated and agreed on by the commons house of parliament. Set down and exprest in this book, to be paid according to the tenor of the act of tonnage and poundage, from the 24th day of June inclusively, in the twelfth year of his Majesty's reign, during his Majesty's life, and subscribed with the hand of Sir Harebotle Grimston baronet, speaker of the house of commons.

11 Geo. i. c. 7.

Rates Inwards.

A

ADZES for coopers, the dozen — xy.

Aggets small as a beane, the C. dozen - xiij. s

Aggeta large, the piece - - vj. d.

Alphabets the set, containing twenty-four -v. s.

Allum the hundred weight, cont. 112 pound - ij. 1, Alpisti, or canary-feed, the hundred weight, 7

1 m*

uij. cL

11

containing 112 pound

XV. s.

the pound

g < the mast, cont. two pound and an half

£ beades the pound -

Anchoves, the little barrel

Andirons \ °S "ceP*" of latdn, the pound ( of iron, the paire

Andlets, or males, the pound -

Anvils, the hundred weight, cont. 112 pounds - xv. s

iij. a. viij. d. viij. s. iiij.d. x.s.

vij.s. vj.d. j. s.

X. s.

iij. s.

Aneile of fiarbary, the pound S Geo. 1. c. 15. Annotto, the pound* —

9 Geo. i. c.so.

8 Geo. i* c. 15.

f the bushel

the barrel, containing three bushels -

o*1 vocat. pippins, or nnnets the barrel con- )^C'taining three bushels - — J

fti -=L- —

Argali white and red: or powder, the hundred )

10 & 11 W. c. ai.

j.s. vj.d. j. s. iiij.d. j.s.

iij, s.

ij. 1. xiij. s. iiij.d. iiij. 1.

weight, containing 11 z pound — — iij*8-

Armour old, the hundred weight, containing I.

112 pound -

Arrowes for trunks the groce, cont. twelve dozen vj.s. viij. d.

H r pot-ashes the barrel, containing two hun- }.

\ dred weight ----- --- 8 ----- { j-1. v.s.

3)wood or soap-ashes the last, containing 12).

t barrels ----- ----- -- - }

Aule-blades, the thousand xiij.s. iiij.d.

Aulgers for carpenters, the groce — ..... j.l.

Axes or hatchets, the dozen ..... -- vj.s. viij.d.

B

Babies, or puppets for children, the groce, taining 12 dozen ——

con-)

_____h XVII.8. x.d.

Babies.

6So. j Annb duodecimo Caroii It. 04.

tiij/di

abies heads of fearth, the dozen: — xiij.s. iiij.d. H other toys for children, to pay sixteen)pence in twenty shillings talne j

C of Iceland, the flitcn --- v.s.

of WeftphaJia&dHaifthorough, of thelike; 7.. f the hundred weight, cont. 112 pound j J*V1 I C great the hundtM, cohtaSnrrig 120 j — xij.l.

middle, the hundred, containing 126 — v. 1.

1 £small, the hundred, containing 120 — ij. I.

I with locks the dozen - ij.l. vilj.s.

ZB5 l with steele rings without locks; the dozth j; I. xij. s.

r Gold balances the groce, alanPM \ ing id dozen pair

Ounce balances the groce,

*I taining 12 dozen pair -

1.the fort containing dozen - iij.l. xj.s. ij.

Balls t Tennis balli, the thousand - — ij. 1.

ocat. [ washing-balls the gtbcej Cditt. 12 dozen ij. 1. tandeliers the 100, containing five score xvj.s, viijd.

land-strings, the dbzen knots — — *x. $1

Sands* vocat. Flandfers Binds of bofte-lacC the b&nd x. 1.*lands artwork, of Flanders, or any other country xx. 1. lankeh of verdure, the dozen pieces» — iv. 1.

3*9

e. cofitaSpO t.l.rj. i. tflj.J; roce, con-1 -j f -j.^cen - - iij.l. xj.s. ij.di

larbers aprons, or checks, the piece, not abbte )

ten yaids.* — -^----- )

Barlings the hundred, containing 120 1 -

Barley, vide com Barillii

xiij.s. lir.d. j.l. xiij.s. iv.d;

ia; or fephora to make glaA, the barrel, 7 j; containing two hundred weight J

Basket-rods, Ac bundle

a

yj.s. vnj.d.

Baskets; vocat. band balkets, 1 at (ports the doien iij.-si iv.d.

Basons of lattin, the pound - — i*s. iv. d.

1 orftraw-hats knotted, the dozen - YJ« 8: d#

w ( or draw-hats plain, the dozen»j. s. vj. d.

Bast (*b«H>pe — --- — vj.d.

tones bundle; Containing 10 ropes - v.

p {the hundred weight, cont. 112 £ound viij. s.

Batterie, bafhrons, or kettles* the hundred 7 jx 1 weight, cont. 112 pound'*

Bayes of Florence, per yard of amber the pound

of bone, the great groce, containing 12 I

small groce - 3

of box the great groce g of coral the pound

PQ ...

of christal the thousatfd of glass and wood all groce

forts the7 great

x. s.

Lof'jafperdjuire the hundred ftonCs ij. 1.

Beaupers the piece, cont. 24 or 25 yards J. L* t: i4 't j of Ireland or Scotland the barrel (a) — } 1-

& (or pork of Ireland or Scotland pet ton - vj.J.

Bells vocat. Hawks bells, French-fnairing, the 7 dozen pair — — J

(H) 5 Ann. c. 2.

v. u

Jells

37*

Anno duodecimo CAROLI. c. 42

the J

f Hawks bells, Norembourgh-making, dozen pair,

lj. f.

x.*.

j. s. iv»d«

; J Horse bells the finall groce, cont. iz dozen'Dog bells the fin all groce, cont. 12 dozen Morrice bells the finall groce, cont. 12 dozen V. s.

_ Clapper bells the pound — — j.a.

Bell metal the hundred weight, cont. 112 pound j. 1. xlij s. hr. d. Bellowes the pair - — - — nj. a. iv. d.

Bitts for bridles the dozen ----- ----- j. 1.

Blacking or lamp-black the hundred weight, ).

containing 112 pound'- - --J 1V*

Blankets V aris mantles coloured, the mantle j.L vi.s.vuj.d. " _^Paris mantles, or others uncoloured, 1.,

TOCatr- I the mantle ----- - --- J J*1*

_ barrel boards the hundred, cont. 120 — v.$p

8 I clapboards the hundred, cont. 120 boards - xv.s.

J pattboards for books the thousand -

pipe boards or pipe holt the hundred, )*' containing 120 boards ----- - J 1'

" iv.d.

Jet.

white boarcts for shoemakers the board Bodkins the finall groce, containing ia dozen - vj.«. viij.d. lomefpari the hundred, containing izo j. 1. xiij- s. iv. i

"'yj.i.

f narrow the single piece not above

Bombaiinel X P*6" not

{.of nlk wJi dike

C the baiket or maund, con-Books unbound^ taining 8 bales or 2 fats

vij.l.

vHj.I.

(the fat. cont. half a maund — iv.L Bosses for bridles the finall groce, cont* 12 dozen Botanoes per piece

of earth or done the dozen

Bow-i

if

j.l.

x.s.

V. s. jele

IV. I. X.

iv. a. vjecL

X. 8.

of glaiTe covered with wicker the dozen — of glass with vices covered with leather the dozen — »J

of glass uncovered the^ dozen - — -of wood, vocat. fucking bottles the groce)j containing 12 dozen —

Boulteli rainsthe Piccc. .*. -- viii.s.

Y \ the bale containing twenty pieces. — viij. L

Bowes, -vocat.stone-bowesof steel, timepiece - - x.s. Bow-staves the hundred^ i*ont. fix score fiaves - iy.l f fire, or tinder-boxes the groce, containing T*twelve dozen boxes.

Nest boxes the groce, containing twelve*..., dozen nests - -J wj.-

" pepper-boxes the groce, containing 12 do-1.

zen boxes ----- 7 — 1

Spice boxes the dozen — vua.

*t _ r> A I' r*

j

j.l.

s. vj.£.

I

round boxes, or French boxes for marine- > ."

__ > iv. s. vj.

lade or gelly, the dozen Sand-boxes the groce, cont. 12 dozen Soap-boxes the Ihock, containing three-1

score boxes - - \

6

j.l.

xj. L

Boxes

5&o. j Anno cluod^cimb C Act oil If. c.

iij. s.

r touch-boxks covered with leasier, the dozen \ touch-boxes covered With velvet; the dpaea J touch-boxes of iron ot other metal; guilt, 7 I the doaen — -- )

(^tobacco-boxes thegjtfee, cont. r* dozen -f of glkfs 3te small groce, conudfi racelets on inf 12 bandies o* dickers -eck-laces j red me small groce, containing 7 L 12 bundles or dickers -f lave* cocks the pound ' "-

j pile Weights the pound -

j trumpets the dozen -

flampes the dozen -

ridles the dozen' —

rouches of Inttih 0* copper; die gfoce contain- J ing^ra dozeh

"beard brushes the groce, tout. r2dozen of hefth course the dozen

of heath fine, 6r heard brttfhea; the doieri -of haire called heacfbrushes, the dozen — of heath voeat. rubbing brushes, the doztfn of haire vOcat. comb-brtflhes, the groce con- 7 taining 12 dozen + — < — »- J

of haire tfocat. weavers brdhes the dozen -^of haire Vocar. rubbing brushes the dozen -rimftone the hundred weight; cont. 112 pound i «{ rough or undreft the dozen pound — lriftlesi dfeflTthe dot*, pound -

s C of Germany; Or J j of the east countr

fine per piece

XV. s.

j.L-

j. I. x. si* iv. s.

iv. s.

j. s; iv.'di j.e. xij. s.

X. s.

j.i.; xi> s.

p. s. vHj. Ai

fj. s. vifi. d. yj.s. Vlq.d; j. s;

xiij.s. iv.d.

*: 1.

j. s. iv. d. vj. s.

v. s.

X. s. x. s. v.s. ij. 1. ij. s.

j.l.

vij.s. vj. di iij. 1.

viij.d:

t: s:

iv. I

x. s.

<: country the foule or ha1£pie0e -

j I of Frcnch-making the dozen pieces (a) -

\ l^vocat. Carricke buckrams the short piece t f for girdles the finall gfoce, cont. 7

luckless lx dozen.- {

(for girthes the groce, cofit. 12 dozen taffins, Mo-f narrow the single piece, not a- 7 adoes, and I bove fifteen yards — < — J ile Gro- ] broad the single piece; hot above J; rams. fifteen yards.j

lugafmes Or calico buckrams the half picfc£ - -f grekt the pound "

tagle < small or feed bugle the pound -

( lice the pound -

bullions for purses the groce* containing 12 dozen

lull rulhes the lofed -

larrs f&r miUftofcOs the hundred; containing five 1

score — — - -. 4 J

luflcins of leather the dozen paift -

luflians the single piece, not above fifteen yards

f the barrel".----- -----; —

latter < of Iceland the hundred Weight, containing 112 pounds ----- --- J

Buttons of brass, Iteel, copper or Uttin, the great 7 groce, containing twelve small groce, every > ^|1. ivd.

grdte, 12 dozen'> j

; B b 2 Buttons

x. s.

*7*

j

(a) f & S IV. y* c. i«,

371

a

tt

Anno duodecimo Caroli 11: c.£

'of chryfUl the dozen

of glaile the great groce, containing twelve small groce -

of thred the great groce, containing twelve small groce -

of (ilk the great gtoce, containing twelve )

small groce -

of fine aamafke work the dozen -

of bagle the dozen

[1660.

for handkerchen the groce, cont. 12 dozen bof haire the groce* cont. 12 dozen -

tv. 1. iv. I.

Cabinets i or Cottnt0re* the piece —

( or coontores large the piece — 7-Cables tarred or nntarred the bandied weight,

containing 112 pound i--

Caddas or Cruel! ribband the dozen pieces, every piece containing 36 yards Calve mint in the haire die piece Cabogium, <wV&Druggs — > »-

Camel etto half silk, half haire, the yard — Candles of tallow the pound -

Candle plates, or wallers of brals or lattin the pound - - - - y

Candlestick* 1 °t of* P000* "

rof wire the dozen -

Candleweeke the hundred weight, cont. 112 )

pound - J

Callicoes fine or course the piece -

Canes or reeds the thousand -

C« of wood |^ c-Me$ "

Cant sparrs the hundred, cont. fix score -

Capers the pound -

Capravens the hundred, cont. fix score —

Cap.hookes, or hooke-ends the groce, cont. izdoz. u f double turfed, or cockaied caps the dozen -

for children the dozen -

§ I nightcaps of sattin and velvet the dozen -» 1 nightcaps of silk knit the dozen -

nightcaps of woolen the dozen -

L nightcaps of linen the dozen -

playing cards the groce, containing 12)Cards^dozen paire -

locat. wool cards pld the dozen paire ——

wool cards new the dozen paire — f of Tonney the piece, containing two yards)- I and a half long -

g of Scotland the piece (b) -

J of Cor nix the eaxpet two yards ind a half

S loner

carpr; llnp; the

long

fr Brunswicke carp

C ?}*,

tlmnaof c<v*

x. d.

X.8.

iij. d.

j.s. iv.d.

j. $4 iv. s. vj. s. viij. d.

25.1. x.s.

x*s-

ij.1. x.s. iv*-s.

j.

j.L xiij.s. vlA.

vj.d*

iij. 1. xiij.s^ir.d.

xv. s.

ij. 1. viij-r 8.

i. 1.

tij.l.

iv. 1.

j. i. viij. 8.

vjM.

vj.s. x.s.

j. 1. xs. xiijs. ivcL jl. vs.

x

- iv s.

Carpets

66o.J

Anno duodecimo Carolx II. c.+J

Carpets

ocat.

Zafes for look-ng glasses gilt

c

P

I

rOeatUh.the doten - - iij. 1.

\ Turkey or Venice short the piece - j. 1. x. s,

Turkey or Venice long, containing?

I four yards tod upwards — 5 t of Persia the yard square, the yard - ij.l. v.s.

Darrells die piece, containing 15 yards* - - j; l. vi.s, viij.d,

N* 3 and the ddzen - iv. s.

Of N° 5 and 6 the dozen - vij.s.

of -N* 7 and 8 the dozen — x.s.

of N° 3 and A the dozen - ij.sl of and o the dozen. — tij.s. vj. d. of N°7 and 8 the dozen - v.s. of N°9 and 10 the dozen - xvi. s. viij.d. 'with wooded comps garaiAeddrtf dozen — j. 1. with small ivode coml garnished the 4o-J zen -» '* - - ]

with. middle spit. irorie combs ganucted \

the dozen 4 r -V. - 1

with large irorie £ombi garnifted the \

-dozen — "*- -

for combs fiagle the grace, cont. 1a dozen' forcoipb*doublethegroce, cont. 12dozen*

fr&^.J*"* j; i. vi, ^4;

for spe&actes unjgilt the grace, cont. 12 dozen f 4

for needlies or pm-cases tnegre

Bales for looking £laifitt«tttgilt

o

i- L yj.

m

y.

iv.]'.

jil.

ij.l.

vuj.cU

pm-cafesthegrace, containingiz dozen --- - — r-J

xiij. s. iv. 4.

jriij. &. iv. d.

Lfbr needles Fitnch guilt the dozen Cattel j imported from Ireland

- VvS.

great( a-piece after the rate of -» f of iron small the dozen JJ \ of iron xtidAlefortr^the dozen ^lof ir

into- England, }

ij» 1. X. 3*... 1

j.l. X.S* ij.l. viij.s.' iij. 1.

yjt1

__ iron large, t^e dozen

I of steel, the doze?*- - - vj. 1.

Caviare the hundredweight, cont. 112 pound - j.l. r, .{ of linen for women, the dozen — viij.s*

ul of dlk, die dozen — - j; 1. jj. s. viij.d.

j.s. iv. d.

Ccftcrwof lattin, the pound Chaffing-difhej {*jj* -

J

Chains J ?r m dozen (for dogs, course, the dozen

Chairs of walnut-tree, the piece -

f unwatered or mohairs, the ydrd

Chainlets < watered, the yard

(half iilk half hair, the yard

Cheese the hundred weight, cont. 112 pound

Cherries the hundred weight, cont. 112 bound

tihefs-boards, the dozen -

Chefs-men the grace, cont. twelve dozen

- r - iron small or middle fort the piece

' iron large the piece -

Cyprus wood the nest, cont. three elicits viij. 1.

a, iv. d. xiij. s. iv: d., viij. s.

- iv. d. '

uj.s.

X. s. vj. s.

V. 3.

X. s.

vj. a. viij. 4.

J\!-

Xlj. s.

V. 1.

- vj.l. xiij.s, iv, d.

Chrft*

np duodecimo Carpli U. 64;

£1 66a.

2 f of fprucc ar danfke the nefl,

IS ? cHefo -

0 ( painted Ac dozen

f - "

Chimney-back?

containing

t final! the piece C Urge the pif cc

China peafo Ac pound, —

Chizels for joiners, the dojun Citterns, the dozen.

V j; !. x. 1.

...i

" y.-1*:

- vl: f'

- xuj. s. inj. a*

- ty s. iv d*.

f* the jfmail hundred, containing fix- } t

ClaphouIt A /cor© .

dr .< the ring, xont. two small hundred

Clipboard J the; great hundred* co^r twenty- 9

L.'; r-r(

Claricords Ae pair.- ltV — i

1. x.s.

8.

Cloakeiof felt the^iqce.j -

All manner of woolen clothe inapprted per yanj, r: V'f ^catr&yjve^er^or. Campeche*' \ codieneale Ae pound -

p$co.?ue.i5« Gocheneale < of.alt fort? ofvcoAeiM^f

I 'Sv^rester and CampeaAe co-I chenMk,: Ae pound «v Coals of Scodand tljeron^j-

r covered wftfc g^t MhV| Afr \ covered wi A velvet*'A^dozca jfi < with iron b*rsf $ft.neA» _aom,

0 r ^Uin the nest, Soontainifag.ihree coffers Lppiiyx&th* n6*v0O»t..t&Pe ci

Comaihes. out of Turkey* Ac piece

1 ^for wool Ae pkir, old or new of bone A* pound .; — of box the grocc^sats* i z-dozen voc: 1 igfrtwBodJcOmbes the groce, containing \ i dozen ——

of hfcrn© for barbers. Ae dozer of ivorip, Ae.pouha ' -

vocat. hdr£>combs, Ae dozen-Comfets Ae pcxurtd ' >,

v Cof Uonibr carocntct5?. Ae.cfozen.

pDmpz£bs j.of; brais, Ae dozen

I for ihipd» Ae dozen —

xviij, I.

ij. 1.

Wjfl.*> Is. rty.dl1 '

yj. $t viij.d-

x, s.

Copperas green A^ hundred weight* containing }

' H2p>ourid --- — )

Cordage or ropes tarred or untarred Ae hundred)

1 weight* containing na pound 11 ' ' — J UJ's;MM-

rnrL.j taruK t of iron Ac thousand ----- yj. s. viij. d.

tCorke tacks |bf ftecl the thodfaitd ---.--- j. j. xiij/8. iv,

y C for Ihoemakerv the dozen piece? — iv. s.

of all other Forts the hundred weight* con-

I taining M2 pound - J XVI' s- VUJ-

I

to

66o.J

I

Anno duodecimo Caroli II. c

Wheat imported not exceeding the "* price of fivp shillings six-pence the Oiifhel at the place of importation v* by the bushel — — *.

When itfhatt exceed that rate by the quarter

§ < J

i

p Imported flOt exceeding the price of* tour shillings six pence the buihel 1

at the place-of importation by bushel

the

J when it shall exceed that rate by the

L quarter t -----: —

4Imported, not exceeding the ")

price of three shillings fix f

VJ* V viij.

UP+ iv.d*

v, s.

Beans

Barley

Malt

pence the bushel at the place > Hi, 3, iv. A of importation iij.s. iiij. i by\

thebUd ----- )

When it shall exceed that rate, by $he quarter - v, 3.

Coverlets of Scotland; the piece ----- xv. i,

Counters of latin, the pound r-, — j. s.

f laths-the pound* — vflj. d.

Crofbow <threcSd, the pound — "* — viij.d,

( racks, the juece " ----- x.s.

f of done without covers, the hundred, )_

Crufcs V containing five (core - — - j*0

( offtone wi|h' covers, the luuid.cont.5 score p 1. yj.s. viiLdL Cufhians of Scotland, the dozen g.«.

Cufhen-clothj \°nrfe'e do* ----- 9: .1*,»

I of tapestry, the dozen'uij.l. s.

Cntde bones, the thousand > — ... j. I. vj. i. tiij. d

Pages with fire locks, or fnnphances, the piece j. I.

fblades, the dozen - - j.l. vj. j. viij. d,

£ 1 for children the dozen "-- - — iiij. s.

of bone for children the dozen — ij. a.

black, wkhvehret (heaths, the dozen - iij.l.

i

V)

u

1

eilt, with, velvet (heaths, the dozen — iiij, I. "Mcabro-deals, the hundred, cont. fix-store iiij.l.

v. 1.

Xlj.I, XT. 1.

iiij.*.

Norway-deal s, the hundred, cont fix-score, < Burgendorp-dpals, the hundred, containing 1

six-score

J

q (Spruce-deals, the hundred, cont. fix.-(core

!or ftayes for books, the dozen - 1 —

for women to work on, covered with wocfl-)len, the piece — J

for women, covered with velvet, the piece

n..i of wood, the dozen -

A, ia*s (of bone, the dozen -

Dimity, the yard

v.s.

of earth, the groce, cont. twelve dozen with caddas the piece, cont. fifteen yards with (ilk the piece, cont. fifteen yards with wool the piece, cont. fifteen yards with third the piece, cont. fifteen yards

375.

*C*r., c.ij.

5 Ann.c. t.

5 Ann.c.|,

Dor&l*

37$ Anno duodecimo Caroli IL 0.4.'

I French-nuking, the dl ——

u I French-making, the yard — Dugeon, tike hundred pieces, containing fivescore j. L

fornix

1J.S.

[166.

irj. <L

Durance or I with dped, the yard Duretty \ with silk, the yard Dntties, the piece

'Acacia, the pound

f 0PQ.1. C.II.

C

s

a

to

9

Acorns, the pound Adiadtnm albun

vj. s. viij.d*

X.

Lb

mj.a.

vuj.dw

j.d.

1.

- T. S.

viq-

urn, the pound -

Adiantum nigrum, the pound —

Agaricus or agarick, fftp'4 or parpd, the 7

pound* — *1 r r J

Agaricus rough or upturn'd, tfye pound Agnus caftus feeds, the pound

AlkanetpoQts, she pound

Aloes-cicotrina, the pound Aloes-spadca, the pound —

Allum. roniih or roch, the hundred* containing 112pound 7 — *-

Ambergreeps oUpk or grey, the ounce

Ameos feed, the pound 1 -7 — r

Amomi feeds, the pound ——

Anacantium, the pound — — — 7

Angelica, the pound.-

Antimoniuip prudum, the hundred weight,

containing 112 pound -

Antimoniuin preparatum or (Ubium, the pound —

Argentum sublime or limum, the pound, or'quickfilvey — t« a-

Arillolochia longa and rotunda, the pound j*iiij Arfrvick white or yellow, or rofalger, the 1 jy|j pound — — J / '

Alarum roots, the pound - - J s

AfpaJUthus, the pound — -, — j s. vj d.

A/la faetkja, $he pound ----- j*ij d;

Almonds bitter, the hundred weight, cont.)y

112 pound -» — — > J

Alumen plume, the pound — j*

Halauflium/the pound ..., «-v»ij s* vj d.

Balfamum artificial, the pound "j»ujj d.

Balfamum natural, the pound. — xs,

Bay berries, the 112 pound ? — xiij s. iiijd.

Barley huld or French barley, the M2? jj

pound (a) — ----- ----- j J '

Bdeljium, the pound ----- ----- ij s. rj d.

Bcnalbum or rubrnm, the pound — ij s; Benjamin of alj forts, the pound ----- v s.

j B^izer (lone of the East India, the ounce 1«H troy — — 5 J

(a) 7 k 8 W. 3. c. ic.

P*ugg

>3 Anno duodecimo Caroli il. c. 4;

Beaser stone of the West-India, the opnce troy — — p — — x*4

Black.leade, thenapound»W j 1.

Blata Bizantia, the pound ij s.

Bolus communis, or armoniacus, thehun-1.

dred weight, cont. 112 pound; — - J

Bolus verus the ponnd, or fine.bole r — viij d. Borax in paste or., unrefined, commonly I

calledTuickull^ the pound. — J "J3, iv

1 Borax refined, the pound «. — — xiij s. iiijd.

B unkins, holliwortles or piftolachia, the 1

pouncf Callamus, the pound

Camplure refined, the pound Camptiire unrefined, the pound Cancri oculus* the pound Cantarides, the pound

Caraway feed?, the 112 pound Cardankomes, (he popnd

Carpo balfami, the pound.- Carrabe, or fuccinnm, the pound ' Carthamus feeds, the popnd — Cassia fistula, the pound, of all fort? Cassia lignea, the pound

0

A

ijs. vjd.

viij d. vs.

ijs. vjd.

XV s. vs*

-JL iv s.

- lijs.

- ivs;

viij d.

js. viij d«

xs. jL xs*

yj s. viij d#

yjd,

ivd.

ICaftoreum or hevor cods, tfc« pound Cerufia, the 1x2 pound _ 1

China roots, the pound

Ciceres white and red, the pound

Ciperus longus k rotundas, the \\z pound jj* j^ijs. ivdY

Ciperus nuts, the pound ..... - --- viij. d.

Civet, the ounce troy ----- -- — > ij L

Coculus Indue, Jthe pound -7 — *- — ij $.; '

Coloquintida, the pound — r — — ijs.;

Coral, red or white in fragment, for phy- ? ...^fical use, the ponnd*7 — J

Coral whole, the pound — — j 1.

Coriander feeds, the one hundred and?

twelve pound — - — — J

Cortex guaci, the 1x2 pound Cortex caperum, the pound Cortex tamerifei, the pound Cortex mandragorae, the pound Cofcus dulcis and amarus, the pound Cubebs, the pound —

Cumminfeed, the 112 pound Cufcuta, the pound —

Cyclamen or panis porcinus, the pound — ij s.

Citrago, the pound — j s.

Cetrach, the pound # — »- — j s,

Cinabrum or vermilion, the pound — — ij s. vj d.

f white, the 112 pound - ij 1.

Copperas < blew, of Danke or Hungary, 7 L the 112 pound > }

xij s.

Cambogium or gutu gambse, the pound - iijis. iv d. ^Chrystalin broken pieces for physick uses, per lb. iij s. iv d,

Carlina,

37«

I

Anno duodtecfaao CAROLI II*

('Carlina, tke^onnd'i

Carolina the pOnffd"' —

Cortfcf wlriteranuS, the poun«

Daucnt'credcds, the poind J&iajpediam hrftaminy, die peinnd

Dprtmictnn, the poind —

Eleboru? albas andfftger, the pound SpitWnkrim, the pound thepmbtd Euphorbium* the pound Penned ft&ds, dETpound*

Fenugreek, The I12 pound FWty, the pound -±-Folium Itrdiac, the potifid

Fox lungpi the pTOnd' — »J».

Frabldncebfe" "Or FHfflTC Or Petrofib*, the f - MptfaX --=, -M — *Ufc

Galbantntt, the pound..... — a. VJ d.

Galanga, the pound: — --'lL/ -m' 4

GenejSB the pound Gentfina, the pound*

Gtnhy pepper, the pound Granapipse, the pound Gre6i gihger, the pound"-

Gum' am mi/ the pound < Gum artiOniack, Thejpound u Gurt carihrrie, the pound Gum tragagant, the pound Gumelettuu, tfte pound Gum hedene, tiy? pound Gum lack, $he pound T*)

Gum opopadax, the pound

Gum farCocoi, the' poruncT: — — j «. -j-.

Gum ferapinum the pound, or fagapehum - j $; vj d. Gum taccamahaceae; the pbund*» iv s,

Grana tinAoruift*----- — *' ij s.* vjd.

Grains of Giiincy /t>r French grains^ the I. -

112 pound — — — l

GumArabeck, or gum'Seneca, the liuri- f dred and twelve pound^J J*'

Gum fandrake, or gum iuniperi, the hun- > i

dred and twelve pound J ----- - — J jI. VUJ8f

Gum.guifeci, the pound — - —: ivs.

Gum carameif, the pound — — vj d.

Hermoda&ilus, the pound — — ijs.

HypociMs, the pound - — — ijs.

Horns of harts or dags, the hundred — j 1. x $.

Incenfeor olibanuta, me nr pound Ireos, the iia pound -

Ifonglass, the 112 pound (a) ujubes, the pound

of of, the pound -

runiper berries, xhe itz pound

(a) 8 Geo. i. c. ij.

vl.

v}-

- vl. -JS-

IV 8.

XSf

Labdanua

J] Anno duodecimo Caroli II. c. 4.

abd annul tir Lapadonum, the pound — }s.

apis C&llamiaaris, the 112 pound* r <vjs.

apis Qeittatuu, the pound --- j

apis jud^icas, the pound

L.apis lazuli, the pound..: , % s*

Lapis tut^eythe pound - -- iiii» it*

r of roles, the pound-». — >jt.

of violet-or flowers, the pound - riijd.

Lyndfcus ot xylobalfaimini, the pound — js. viijd.

Lignum alotsr-the pound»-»> — ii>

Lignum jtfplialtiun^ the pound..j» >* — ji.

Lignum thftdinm, the 110- pound

Lignum yitfc, tkdiaptott / >m* xs>

Litharge, of gold, the 112 pound-

Litharge of silver, the 112 pound*r -

Locufti the pound- — r*

Lupines, tho impound -

Lentills, die.pound '

Lapis contraverva, the ounce..:*

Lignum nepnretiaun, the pound

Madder roots, nr rube* ris&onun,

pound tfa*/*-

Manna, the pound-»*'*

Marmclade, the pound

Mastick whitv the pound ilj s.ivd;

Mafticlcied* the pound - — ^js*

Mechoacan, the pound'

Mercury fitblimat* the pound

Mercury pmdpitet; the pound

Methrioate Venetuu, the pound

Millium folia, the pound -

Mirabolane* dry, the pound

Mirabolanes, condited the pound '

Mirtlc berries the pound

Mummia, the pound

Muike, die ounce troy

Mufkecods, the dozen

Myrrha, the pound

Nygella, the pound

Nytrum, the pound

Nutmegs confuted, the pound

Nux de benne, the pound -

Nux cuprefli, the pound

Nux indica, the piece ——

Nux vomica, the pound -»...-

Nardus Celtics, or Spica Romans,

1 it pound.

Nux pmi or grans pini, the pound -

Olibanum or inccnfe, the 112 pound -

Opium, the pound -

Ofipium huirredem, the pound

Orcant or almiet, the pound

flrmnnr ointment* the pound Oringe flower^Qn

Origanum, the pound ----- - m

m

1

Ofla

3 Geo. i« c. 1

Anno duodecimo Caroli II

"Ofla de corde cervi, the pound Oyleof amber, the pound

Oyleof rosemary, the pound Oyle de bay, the 112 pound Oyie of mace or nutmegs, the pound Oyle de ben, the pound

fGco.x.£« 1$,

vOyle of Anke, the pound Oyle of almonds, 'the. pom

§ri

S Geo. ?, c.i5.

I Geo. 1. c. 15.

r___pound

Oyje de feorptens, sche pound Oleum petrolium* the pound Oleum turpentine, the pound Orabus, the pound

Orpment or auripimentum, the 112 pound Panther, the pound v

Panis pormims^ mJt cychmsn;

Peade teaten, the ounce troy Pellitdrie, the found -

Pepper long, tat pound- —

Perrosen, nvdt frandunfeuce*-Piony feeds, the pound 7 —

Piflachias or nux mfbehue, the pound

Pix Burgtmdia, the 112 pound -PoUntu mofrtanom, the pound

Polipodjum* the pound ——

Pofrcgrumetpills, the jh pound Poppie feeds, thf pound*

Precipitate, <vuit mercuric precipitate PfyUiuiu, the pound — 4 —

PruneUajes or-pntans of Bruholxa, the pound j t QuickfiJverj iUk argentum vivum Rhapontikuta, the pound

Radix , efuJe, the pound ——

Reread, the 112 pound Rhabarbarum or rubarbe, the pound Rofalger, the pound, vidi armick RofTct, the pound Radix contra yerva, the pound Radix fc^orfionm, ^pound Radix jfe^ns, the pound ——

Sal alkali, the pound -

Sal armoniacum, the pound Sal gem, the pound — - — -r

Sal niter, the pound —

Sandracha pr gum (andracha, ot c junipep the hundred and twelve poun<

Sandiver, the 113 pound — ...

Sanguis draconis, the pound

Samparilla, the pound*-....., .

Saflatras wood or room, the hundred and \ twelve pound — ... — -- r

Saunders white, the pound Saunders yellow, the pound

Saunders red alias Hock, the 112 pound -.i#\

Scamonie, vide diagredium -

rScincus paring the piece — iiij d.

Sfordiujn,

).] Anno duodecimo Caroli II. 6, 4:

Scordlum, the pound — vj d.

Scorpions, the piece*' --- iij d.

Sebeftines) the pound - — j s.

Seeds for gardens of all forts, the poind — viij d.

Seler montantas, the pound — --viij d.

Semen cucumeris, cucurb. ckrttl. shelon the lb. viij d. Sena, the pound — ij s. vjd.

Soldonefi*, the p&ftnd' — — — viijd.

Sperma cacti fine, the pound - — y s.

Sperxna cacti course oylie, the 112 pound — - iiij 1, Spica celtica, % ride nardus celtica, or /pica )

Romans —

Sanguis hirci, the pound 1 Spicknard, the pound —

Spodium, the pound -

Spunges, the pound —

Squills, the 112 pound -

Squinanthum, the pound

Stechados, the pound —

Staphisager, the 112 pound Stibium* vide Snthnonium pfeparatmn Storax calamka, the pound Storax liquids, the pound Succus liquiritiac, the pound Sulphur vivum, the pound -

Tamarindcs, the pound ——

Terra lemnia, the pound Terra figillata, the pound Thlafjpii femen, the pound Tornlall, the pound —

Trodfci de vipers, the ounce troy Treacle common, the pound Treacle of Venice* the pound Turbith, the pound —

Turbith thapftac, the pound Turmerick, the pound -

Turpentine of Venice, Sdoor Cyprus the J pound -

Turpentine common, the 112 pound Talke white, the pound

Talke green, the pound —

Verdijreece, the pound —

Vernim, the 112 pound Vermillion, vide cinabriuin Vitriolum romanum, the pound Vmber, the hundred weight, cont. 112 pound j 1 Viscus queicinus, the pound — iv s

White lead, the i iz pound — j 1.

Wormfeeds, the pound ----- — iij s.

Zedoaria, the pound — iij s.

Xylobalfamum, vidt lentUcus ——

All druggs imported directly from the place of their growth in English-built shipping, to be rated one turd part of what is charged in the book of rates, and no mope.

Diamonds, pearls, precious Hones and jewels, the ? hundred pound value — — J

ivd.

ivd.

xs.

S Geo. i. c.ij.

I Geo. i. ^.15.

6 Geo. c. 7.

Eariings,

Amo duodecimo CAiout. c. 42

E

tirEBM, the groce, coot. 12 dozen 'Brick font*, by t|e thoa&ad

W

Flanders dies to foowr with, the thoofthd Gaily tiles, tlx? (dot t > j - — r--

Parting tiles, the thonfirnd

to

i I.-ji. ill. j«.

w. ig /,

Tiles called pan tiles, the thousaiuf — viij

All other lorn of earthen wan oot portico- "h larly etentioned, to pay for wry twenty V foillings value I s. 6d. -i- — )

Ergs, the hundred, cont. fix (core - j

Elephants teeth, the hundred, cont. 11 ? p<»qnd

Emery fiones, the hundredweight cont. no pound viiu Ebony wood, the hundred weight; coot, napooad j4.

a so.

For corn, the piece

j \ of paper, the dozen.

iv

Feather* j voc' oftndge feathers nor J

j draft the pound »J

vi $» viij

j for women and children FfemA-makiur, '

[ the dozen — j v

f for beds* the 112 pound

1 ----- — A-- -1-MM a

jl.

i/L

ijl. nijs. ivi

15 Car.s. c. 7. r

M/r, That all forts rf fish Kngbjh taken and brought in EngH/hfoips, ought to say no custom % as by the fiat, 10. Eiiz.

Keg

Leftridge or oftridge drest, the pound Feather-beds old or new, the piece —

Felts for cloaks. French-making, throe yards and an half long, one yard and an half

broad the felt -

Fiddles for children, the dozen.

Fire-shovels, the dozen — -» ——

Fire-shovel plates, the hundred weight cont. 112 lb.

Figuretto, the yard ——

Files, the groce, containing twelve dozen -Cod-fiin, the barrel Cod-fish, the lad, cont. twelve barrels Cod-fish, the hundred, cont. fix fcorc

Cods-heads, the barrel -

Cole-fish, the hundred, cont. fix fade j fPimper celts, the barrel g I Shaft, kine or dole eoles the barrel g < Spruce eeles, the barrel TS I Stub eeles, the barrel.! tQjlck eclc?, the foips lading

Gull fish, the barrel.

Haddocks, the barrel

white, full or fhotten, the barrel -lite, full or fhotten, the left* cont. twelve barrels

the cade, cont. joo L red, the last, cont. 20 cade*

Lampreis, the piece

t

t

- j

I

o.ETiz;

Cap. 5. <31 g\ white,

i* 'g 1 twcl jg J red, t 55 f tV

ivh XV s.

xiija. ivd. xnjs. iv. I viijs. ivd. ijl.

xiijs. ivd.

if Ijs- wll lij s.

JI.

H

Jl:*

ijl.

ijl. »i»

X. 1. vjs. vijjd. v)*.- viij a. v&jt.'»<*

vl.

viij s- iy*

VIIjl. Vj5» ^d'

tiijd,

tfljl

Lfngsof all forts, the hundred, cont. fix score ifil« v)5, Newland f.lh small, the hand...coat fix score x*« Newland fish, middle fort, the hund cont. 6 feofe jk

Newl

Anno dnpdecupo Caholi <?,

wland ttik greats the hun4* cont (5 score j 1. x % lmon, $1$ barrel — ij 1.

ilmon girfes, the barrel — xys.

rale fish, t^e fish* — xiij a, ivd,

'Crppling, the hund. cont 6 score Cropting the last, coat* ioooo I J Lubfisti, the hupd.cout fix leone «s j Lubfisti, the last, cont. loop —

I Titling, toe hund* cont. fix score -5 LTitling, the last* cont. idoo -Vhiung the barrel — — el, the yard

XU} 8.

xiij 5. iv<k

vj 1. xiij s. ivd. j I. vj 8. viijd. xiij 1. vj*. viis<L

jyjs. viijd*

iij 1. vj s, viij dL iiji. ivf

j 8. viij 4*

vs.

m

overed with leather, the dozgp -r- overed with velvet, the dozen

of horn the dogen' —

Spruce, NJufcovie, and all fiiuc undrefi^ the hundredweight, cont. 11 z pound^ — ireft or wrought flax* the hundred we^gh*', containing 112 pound't-

ns to lead blood, the piece r —

cs, the hundred weight* cont. 112 pound; s course, the gxoce* cont. 12 do$en —

te of Ireland, the yard ----- , ——

ido, the piece* cont. 24 yards^- —

Armins, the tymber, cont 40 (kin*' ——

Badger firing* the piece ——

Beare skins black or red, the piece

Beare skins white, the piece

Beaver skins, the whole piece —

Beaver wOmbes, the piece — r rr 'white taw'd, the hundred* coot, five 7

foqrc (kina ----- — S

black tawed, the dozen skins. — black untawed, the hundred, con v five )

score skins -----; J 11, K

Poules the for, cont. 4pains ----- jL

Navem, the hundred legs, cont five score viifa. iiij d, Ruraney, the hund. legs, cont five score v>* viij d, k. untawed, the tymber, cont 40 skins - vj s. viiy d, tawed, the tymber, cont 40 dins — viij s. seasoned, the paine» — — jl.

painer: ----- ----- xijs. vj ck

skins, the hundred* cont five (core — ij 1.

2 poults* the hundred, cont. five score - j h <j poults, the mantle — vj s. iij dU

wombes, the paines or mantle — vj s. iij d.

Dokeros, the tymber, cont. 40 Hunt - — xiijt. ivcb j the tymber, cant- 40 skins — xiijfs. ivd.

( the paine or mantle xijs. vjd.

ithe black fox (kin — — x I.

the ordinary (kin — j; s. ivd-

the pain or mantle — — - xv s. 1

wombes, poules, or pieces the pain — x s.

Foyncs backs the dozen — — xiij s. iv d.

tFoynes tailes, the pain or mantle- xsjs. vjd.

Foynes

xs.

C of spruce or danike the nett, 'Jg <. three chelb

O £ painted Ae dozen

pno dyodccimo Garch II. C. 4; [166

containing j.

i final! the piece (kuwthepifee

Chimney-back*

China- peafche pqunl ,' — (Chizcls for joiner?, -f J Citterns, the dozen.

jChizels for joiner?, the dozen y — rV})*-

the dozen- #."I'T

C the jmaU hundred, gontaininfc fix- J'; - CUphouIt. \ /core. v. c: '

1 - 6r < thering, xont. two small hundced Clapboard / the; great hundreds cats. twenty

/J.ilL. ' v —

Claricords" the pair - Xi.*-

Cloa^eapf Felt jthej>iqce 3 r of wholen

x. I,

- IJ. I.;

- vj..s. my.

- xuj. f.» liij. d. iij s; ivd*.

1..1

x.s.

All manner bi

?$!: j.j,

/»!*; ini 4)i' % k '

clotbaUappjtfd THj. 1.*.

f TOcatfSyjyeiftyr^ar. Caing^hfi A coqteheale the pound

*j. Cocheneale <of..al| fer» tf--w(£en«al§

" " "I 'Sy^vefler and Campeache co-'L, ch$iy(fle,; thp pound

.»vj. ftviij.d.

Coals of Scotland tlteJOn f coveredyfit|j gilt: i<bV| fi \ covered y»ifAYeIvjK, 'lhf; dp5sea

y,

L'. i

- vj. s. viiLde

-ju

o

with iron bhrsx Oont. 1

hhi ' -

-1 7 1.»1

pfeifttbie*nest, } dbntaining Jthree cotters Lp/Uittedthe n^, Po»t: three coffers

Comafhes. out of Tcpk$y* the piece -

"for wdtfl the pit, old-or new' of bone jhft pound — .; Mt? i: j: t iv.p.

of box th^ groce^, /?fi|it, j a dote* 4' »*x.

J

y

iv.l^xij. s.

- xii^. a. i*r*d

?*M- -

jar*

-V.- 5»* 1

voc: 1ighfw0o<qct)mbes the groee, contain-. I.yj

inf V. dozen ----- — ' yrrsrv- J

of hitoefor barbers, the doz^e. of ivorip, the pound

Lvocat. h0r/e4combs, the dozen- — r

Comfets the pourtcL 1 , r - - — >».*.rr

v Cofiron-for carpenters^ the dozen

ChittjafifisXsOf. brais, the dozen

s8<

5ui Cl

P'

ij. x-su

i>s.

' iv. a.

vij.s. y, d*

X, 5.

ij. s*

vj. $. yiij. d. XV. s.

t*for Aips, the dozen —; ., — unv^rovghx.bricks'Orplaths round* or /qwe, 1 the Jumdred weight cont*.j i z pound; > or rose copper 4.v \ — J

chainos, the.chaine - — — -- — r-

_purles or plate the marke ., ——

Copperas greea the hundred weight, containing

1 112 pound. ./ — *: — - — J

Cordage or ropes tarred or untarred the hundred ? ... A

' weight, containing lta pound--> — r- J! "V'*1:

r* i^i 1 S of iron the thousand — - vj. s. viij. d.

porke jacks of aeej^thousaitd ----- -- j. 1. xilj. s. iv. d

for fhoemakerv the <lozen piece* — ----- iv. s.

of all other forts the hundred weight, con-J e.j taining H2 pound - _ ^j.s.viy.d.

2M

Anno duodecimo Caroli II. c>

V.

yj.«, viij. 4.,

f Bj< ( iv. d»

V. I

1660.]

'"Wheat imported not exceeding the price of five; shillings six-pence the hnfhel at the place of importation b^nthe bnfhel -

J When it (halt exceed that rate by the

L quarter*- -' — --_

("Imported fiOt exceeding the price of] four shillings six pence the.bushel at the place of importation by the

bushel, —

I when it shall exceed that rate by the

Siarter, —: — r 4

Imported, not exceeding the f price Of three shillings six pence the bushel at the place Of importation iij.s. iiij. £ by

thebMhd -

exceed that rate, by $£ quarter Coverlets of Scotland, the piece.

Counters of latin, the pound f ladu the pound Crofbow < thteeSd, the poun4

( racks, the piece — f of ftotfe without covers, the hundred, )

Crufes < containing five (core - «- J

I offtone with covers, the hund.cont.5 (cere 1. vj.*. vilLdi.

Cu(hians of Scotland, the dozen .....- jr.s.

- ij.K x. s. '

- mi..s.

"is. iv.^l.

y. s. xv. a.

J. 8.

vHj. d.'

viij.d,

x. s.

*. s.

Custien-cloths k "nrfe*e d°z"

I of tapeftiy, the dozen

Cuttle bones, the thousand

j*l* vi. s. viij.d.

Daggs with fire locks, or fnaphances, the piece j. L

i blades, the dozen — - vj.

for children the dozen riij.

of bone for children the dozen. - if- s.

black, with velvet (heaths, the dozen - iij.l* -u with, velvet (heaths, the dozen — iiij. I.

___J___1^ .1. 1___1 — J________ R- '

j? f" Meabro-deah, the hundred, cont. six-score g \ Norwayrdeals, the hundred, cont. fix-score, 5 < Burgendorp^deals, the hundred, containing)" I six-score f j

L Spruce-deals, the hundred, cont. six-score f or ftayes for bopks, the dozen

1

<2 3 !r women to work on, covered with wool- )

p J len, the piece — J

for women, covered with velvet, the piece tv, C wood, the dozen —

V {.of bone, the dozen —

Dimity, the yard.- -

Dogs of earth, the grace, cont. twelve dozen^f with caddas the piece, cont. fifteen yards g J with silk the piece, cont. fifteen yarns © ] with wool the piece, cont. fifteen yards £3 Lwith thred the piece, cont. fifteen yards

v. 1.

xij.l.

XT. J. Ulj.S.

v.s.

viij. d

375.

5 Ann. c. t.

5 Ann.*. I,

17$

Jornix

Anno duodecimo Caroli II. C. 4.'

J French-making, the ell I French-making, the yard

V__1__I ____

[x66or

Dugeon, die hundred pieces, containing five-score j, 1.

ij. s. rj.d. lj.S.

Durance or ( with thred, the yard Duretty ( with silk, the yard Dutties, ' the piece —

f Acacia, the popnd «rr -

Acorus, the pound lalbui

f Qpq.v, c.i

e

g

a

2

Vj. s, X. 9

i: .!-

1UJ. I. js.

viij.d,

vj.d.

j

vuj.dr

Adiadtum album, the pound Adiantum nigrum, the pound Agaricus or agaricjc, or parfd, the).,

pound*' y J f

Agaricus rough or unttym'd, the poun4 — v*

Agnus caftus feeds, the pound j. s.

Alkanet fpqts, jhc pound — j, s.

Aloes-cicotrina, the pound v. s.

Aloes-spatica, the pound — ij. s.

Allum jroniih or roch, the hundred, con-.«' taining 112 pound - — 7 '

Amberjgrcecs clack or grey, the ounce i ...

troy

Ameos feed, the ppond 1 7- — yiij.d.

Amomi feeds, the ppjund ----- -»--» vuj.d.

Anacardiura, the pound — - - iijs. iiijd*

Angelica, the pound.e-r — js.

Antimpniunj prudum, the hundred weight, J -« containing 112 pound - — — - J*f

Antimoniutn preparatum or ftibium, the f

pound —

Argentum sublime or limum, the pound,

uickiilvet — ' — 7-

Anftolochia longa and rotunda, the pound j 8. iiij d. Arsnick white or yellow, or rofalger, the j, jy:

pound J /

Alarum roots, the pound - «j s

Afpalathus, the pound — > — j s. vj d.

Ada fotida, $he pound ----- ----- --- j s. ij d;

Almonds bitter, the hundred weight, cont.)-m

ii2poun4 y J

Alumen plume, thp pound — — j s.

Balauflium, "the pougd. —: ijs. yjd.

Balfamum artificial, the p4ug4 ----- iij s. liijd.

Balfamum natural, the pound 7 — x s.

Bay berries, the 112 pound — - — 1xiij s. iiij d.

Barley huld or French barjpy, the ji* )

pound (a) ., j*

Bdel]ium, the pound — ij s. vj d.

Bcnalbum or rubrjim, the pound — — ij s;

Benjamin of all forts, the pound ----- v s.

B^zer (lone of the East India, the ounce

(a) 7 Sc S W. 3. c. 20.

I viijd. d>or[ iijs.

j »jl.

1660.] Anno duodecimo Caroli il. c. 4, r

Benner stone of the.West-India, the opnee 1

I

troy

Black leade, the j. 12.pound Blata Bizantia, the pound

s

XSe

ooun<

Callamus, the pound - — Camplure refined, the pound Camphire unrefined, the pound Cancri oculus, the pou nd Cantarides, the pound

Caraway feed?, pfieuipound Cardaskomes, (he pound Carpo balfiuni, the pound.- Carrabej or fuccinpm, the pound'Carthamus feeds, (he pound — Cassia fistula, the pound, of all fort? Cassia lignea, the pound

jl. x $.

_______ ., ij

Bolus communis, or armoniacus, the hun-1.

dred weight, coat 112 pound, J y*

Bolus verns the pound, or fine hole — viij d.

Borax in paste or unrefined, 'commonly) -35 3«.

called TincknU, the pound. ----- -f ... \T

Borax refined, the pound 1 — — xiij s. iiij d;

Bunkins, holliwortles or piftolachia, the J

1

vuj d. vs.

ij s. yj d. ivs.' vs.

il. iVs.

UJ8.

iva; j s., viij d.

j s. vjid. .; j s. viij do, xs.

j 1. x s.

vj s. viij dp XI>

Caftoreum or hevor cods, the pound CerufTa, the IJ2 pound.

China roots, the pound. —

Ciceres white and red, the pound

Ciperus longus U rotundas, the 112 pound jj.iij s. ivid, Ciperus nuts, the pound viij. d.

Civet, the ounce troy t* — ij 1.

Coculus Indis, the pound _ — ij s.

Coloquintida, thejxmnd — — ij s.;

Coral, red or white in fragments, forphy-? ..

ficaluse, the pound*--- LLJ "J*- "d.

Coral whole, the pound — j L

Coriander feeds, the one hundred and?.

twelve pound — — J J

Cortex guaci, the 112 pound - iij 1.

Cortex caperum, the pound.»' — j s.

Cortex tamcrifci, the pound — — viij d.

Cortex mandragone, the pound .....- ij s.

Cofcns dulcis and amarns, the pound -is. viij d. Cubebs, the pound — — — j s. ivd.

Cumminfeed, the 112pound — jl. xiye* ivd.

Cufcnta, the pound - — - — j s.

Cyclamen or panis pordnus, the pound Citrago, the pound ——

Cetrach, the pound

Cinabrum or vermilion, the pound f white, the 112 pound Copperas < blew, of Danlke or Hungary, )

{ the 112 pound — — J Cambogium or gutta gambse, the pound - iij s. iv d. Chrystalin broken pieces forphysick uses, per lb. iij s. iv d.

' '*, r'Carlina,

xij s.

[Repeated section starts here]

Anno duodecimo Caroli II. c. 4. [1660.

The RATES of MERCHANDIZE, etc

i> Geo. i. c. 7.

Rates Inwards.

A

ADZES for coopers, the dozen -

Aggets finall as a beane, the C. dozen

Aggets large, the piece ——

Alphabets the set, containing twenty-four — Allum the hundred weight, cont. nz pound Alpisti, or canary-feed, the hundred weight, 7 containing nz pound — J

i> f the pound -

"g < the mail, cont. two pound and an half — < (beades the pound —

Anchoves, the little barrel -

Andirons \ -

( ot iron, the pure -

Andlets, or males, the pound ——

Anvils, the hundred weight, cont. 112 pounds -

Aneile of Barbary, the pound -

8 Geo. i. c.ic. Annotto, the pound ——

f the bushel - -.-----

*2^ \ the barrel, containing three bushels —

IGco.i.c.ao. 0.1 vocat. pippins, or nnnets the barrel con- )

£ Gaining three bushels — J

A.\ the barrel -

Aqua-vitx {^hogshead

XIj. 3.

xiij. s. iiij. d. vj. d.

V. s.

ij.l.

iij.l. xv. s.

iij.s. viij.d. viij.s. iiij. d.

vj. d.

8 Geo. i* c. 15.

o& 11 W. 3. c. 11.

Argali white and red: or powder, the hundred )

weight, containing 112 pound — }

Armour old, the hundred weight, containing 5 112 pound — - — y

Arrowes for trunks the groce, cont. twelve dozen 8 f pot-allies the barrel, containing two hun- J dred weight' -

J j wood or soap-allies the last, containing 12

barrels -

Aule-blades, the thousand —

Aulgers for carpenters, the groce —

Axes or hatchets, the dozen ——

x.s. vij.s. j. s.

X. s. iij. s.

XV. s. j.s. vj.d. j. s. iiij. d. j.s.

iij.s. '

ij.l. xiij.s.iiij.d. iiij. 1.

j.l. iij.s. iiij.d. j.i.

vj. s. viij. d. j.l. v. s.

vj.l.

xiij.s. iiij.d.

j-.1-

vj. s. viij.d.

B

Babies, or puppets for children, the groce, containing 12 dozen r ----- j

xvij.s. x. d.

Babies,

Annb duodecimo Caroii It. 6 4.

xiij.s. iiij.ci.

pay

sixteen

tiij/cU

Babies beads of fearth, the dozen AH other toys for children, to pence in twenty shillings talhe

S f of Iceland, the flitch — -- v.s.

1 of WeftphaliaahdHaiAborough, of thelike; 7.

I the hundred weight, cont. 112 pound J*v*m f great the hundred, cohtiining 120 —: — - xij. 1.

middle, the hundred, containing 126 — v. I.

' small, the hundred, containing 120 — ij. I.

«'C with locks the dozen - ijj.I. viij.s.

9 \ with steele rings without locks; the dozth j.l. xij. s.

r Gold balances the groce, contain T, I ing 12 dozen pair

Ounce balances the groce,

J taining 12 dozen pair - ^...

£ the fort containing dozen - - iij.1. xj.s. ij. di

Sails Tennis ball!, the thousand - — ij. 1.

vocat. j washing-balls the gtbce, ' Chirt. 12 dozen ij. I.

Bandeliers the 100, containing five score — xvj. s. viij d.

Band-firings, the dozen knot* ----- — x. Si

Bands* vocat. Flandfers Bind* of bone-lact the b&nd x. 1.

Bands outwork, of Flanders, or any other country xx. I.

Bankets of verdure, the dozen pieces*" — iy. I.

Barbers aprons, or checks, the piece, not abOte 7 f

ten yarcls. — - 3 \'*

Barlings the hundred, containing 120* - j.l. xiij.s. lv.d;

Barley,vtdt corn Barillii

; .!. rj.*. iuj.d:

we, con- 1 ij. f. jdij.g. iiij.d,

1*J

or ftphora to make glaffl* the barrel, 1 j containing two hundred weight -

Basket-rods, she bundle

vj.s. viij.d.

Baskets; vocat. hand bSikets, 1 ot (ports the do&en iij.-s; iv. d. Basons of lattin, the pound - — i.s. iv.d.

<§ t or straw-hats knotted, the dozen Tf*

( or firaw-hats plain, the dozen»-.. j. s. vj. d.

Ball (^er°P«..*----- ^, d-

Cl

tooes j "*c containing 10 ropes - v. s.

l the hundred weight, cont. 112 $ound viij. s. Batterie, bafhrons, or kettles* weight, cont. 112 pound Bayes of Florence, per yard "of amber the poand of bone, the great groce, containing 12 7

small groce ----- -- — — J

of box the great groce ——

3^of coral the pound ——

- of chrifial the thousand -

of glass and wood all forts the great

W

groce

of jasper square the hundred ftonfe Beaupers the piece, cont. 24 or 25 yards£ 1 of Ireland or Scotland the barrel (a)

M ( or pork of Ireland or Scotland per ton - vj.T Bells vocat. Hawks belli, French*fnakiftg, the 7 dozen pair --- — ... ..1 J

V. % i

Sells

369

(It) j Ann. i.

370 Anno duodecimo Caroli. c. 4. [1660.

Bells vocat.

Hawks bells, Norembourgh-making, the dozen pair. - ij. s.

Horse bells the small groce, cont. 12 dozen x.s.

Dog bells the small groce, cont. 12 dozen j. a. iv^d.

Morrice bells the small groce, cont. 12 dozen v. s.

LClapper bells the pound — j.s.

Bell metal the hundred weight, cont. 112 pound - j.l. xiij s. iv. d.

Bellowes the pair — iij.s. iv. d.

Bitts for bridles the dozen — - — j.l.

Blacking or lamp-black the hundred weight, ).

containing 112 pound ' ----- -} IV*"

tiUnWt* C Paris mantles coloured, the mantle j#L vLs.' viij.d* 4 Paris mantles, or others uncoloured, 1.f

tocar- £ the mantle ——

("barrel boards the hundred, cont. 120 — v.s,

§ I clapboards the hundred, cont. 120 boards - xv.s.

J pastboards for books the thousand - - xiij; s. iy.d.

*8 f pipe boards or pipe holt the hundred, ?.

§ 1 containing 120 boards — J J*1*

Lwhite boards for shoemakers the board - }.s+

Bodkins the finall groce, containing 12 doaen - vj. s. viij. d. Bomefpars the hundred, containing 120 -

t narrow the single piece not above

\ 15 yards -

broad the single piece not above

15 yards -

(.of silk <vidt Hike -

f the baiket or maund, con->,

Books unbound < taining 8 bales or 2 fats - J

the fat. cont. half a maund — iv. 1.

Bofies for' bridles the finall groce, cont. 12 dozen j, 1.

Botanoes per piece - x.s.

"of earth or stone the dozen» — v. s.

Boratoes or Bombafines

r

of glade covered with wicker the dozen — j.l. of glass with vices covered with leather)

the dozen J

of giafs uncovered the^ dozen -

of wood, vocat. fucking bottles the groce

IV. I. x; s.

iv.». vj-<&

X. s.

m 1

w

V11J. s.

viij. L x.s.

j.l.

containing 12 dozen

Boultel I rains the Piccc -r — b ——

' I the bale containing twenty pieces —

Bowes, vocat. stone-bowes of steel, timepiece -

Bow-staves the hundred, cont. six score staves - iv. l.

f fire, or tkider-boxes the groce, containing )

" 1 twelve dozen boxes. -

Ned boxes the groce, containing twelve 1

dozen nests - -.. - J llJ# '

=pepper-boxes the groce, containing iz do-).

zen boxes --- r — ---$*

Spice bpxcs the dozen ----- — vjrs

round boxes, or French boxes for marmc

8^lade or gelly, the dozen -

Sand-boxes the groce* cont. 12 dozen

Soap-boxes the ihock, containing three-) n.

- > ij.

s. vj.dv

).j

_ > IV. s. vj. cw

j.l.

score boxes 6

Boxes

XV. s.

i-T

j. I. X. w

iv. s.

iv. 8.

j. 9.' iv.'di j.2. xij. s.

X. 8.

j l.

4

xxjk 8.

s. vfij. i:

i&tio.] Anno (iuodedmb CAUdii IL c. 4<

r touch-boxfe* covered with leather, the dozen iij. s.

5 \ touch-boxes covered with velvet, ' the dqzca Sc J touch-boxes of iron ot other metal, guilt, 7 j the dozen*J

tobacco-boxes thegTOce, cont. r* dozen

f of glalst we small groce, cootdig

Bracelets or J ing 12 bundles of dickers Neck-laces ] red The fin^ll groce, containing

L 1 z bundles 6r dickers - - j g f laver cocks the pound -

1 pile heights the pound*».

f* j trumpets the dozen — 7 -

to (jainpes the dozen —

Bridles the dozen*.

Branches of lattSh Oj copper, die grace contain- > in M2 dozfeh' — - — ):

'beard brushes the gtoCe, iont. rz dozen^of heath course the dozen -'g of heath fine. Or "head brnfhes; the dozed -g of haira^&Ifed headbruQies, the dozen — g < of heath voeat. rubbing 'brushes, the dozdn { of haire vdcat. comb-brtuhes, the groce con- 7 5 I taining ra dozen^- f

w J of haire tfocat. Weavers bruftes dlte dozen -Lof haire Vocat. rubbing brushes the dozen*Brimstone the hundred weight; cont. 1 iz pound

J* f of Germany; dr fine per piece, —

\ of the east country the roule or ha1£pietfe -u of French-making the dozen pieces (a) -

pq l^vocat. Carrieke buckrams the short piece t f for girdles the small grace, cont. 7

Buckles 4 12 dozen. -

(for girthes the grace, coAt. rz dozen.

Buifins, Mo- f narrow the ftngle piece, not a-

cadoes, ' and J bove fifteen yards -

Lile Gro- jj broad the finglepiece; hbt above grams. (_ fifteen yards

Bugafines Or calico buckrams the half jtfebf - - f fjrent the pound — '

Bugle < Snail or feed bugle the pound -

£ lice the pound -

Bullions for purses die grace* containing 12 do&n

Bull rufties the load -

Burrs fdr inilMloAA* the hundred, containing five 7

score -

Bulkins of leather the dokeft paira -

Buftians the lingle piece, not above fifteen yards

C the barrel' ——

Birtter< of Iceland the hundred Weight, con-7

£ taining 112 pounds ----- --. j

Buttons of brass, lteel, copper or Tattin, the great 7 grace, containing twelve small groce, every

grdte> 12 dozen — \

97*>

yj. s. Vlq.d.' j. s:

xiij.s. iv.d.

v: 1.

j. 8. iv.'d. vj. s.viij.d; v. s.

X. s. x. s. v.S.

ij« I. x: s: ij. s*

j.l.

vij.s. vj. d.' iij. 1.

iv

f.

X. s.

X. s.

1. Xi^a. ivd.

' Buttons

(a) c. is,

37»

!«(

3

Anno duddecimo CARori tl; c.

"of chrystal the dozen -

of glatte the great groce, containing twelve unall groce -

of three! the great groce, containing twelve

foiali groce: the ere small

of silk the great gtoce, containing twelve I groce -

of fine oamaike work the dozen

of bugle the dozen for handkerchers the groce, cont. 12 dozen ofhairc the gtocer cont. 12dozen 1

v

Cabinets 5 or countores imall t&e piece — 9( or countores large the piece — Cables tarred or no tarred the hundred weight,

containing 112 pound -

Caddas or Cruell ribband the dozen pieces, every piece containing 36 yard*

Calve skins in the haire the piece Cabogiuin, wiV&Druggs —

x. <L

Cabogiuin, vide Uruggs -

Cameletto half silk, half haire, the yard Candles of tallow the pound -

Candle plates, or wallers of brafe or lattin the pound - - -y

Candlestickt i of br^s or lattin the pound -I of wire the dozen -Candleweeke the hundred weight, cont. 112) pound - - — 3

Ciulicoes fine or course the piece «.

Canes or reeds the thousand -

Cane, of wood j^cont.^ -

Cant sparrs the hundred, cont. fix (core -

Capers the pound -

Capravens the hundred, cont. fix score —

Cap.hookes, or hooke-ends the groce, cont. izdoz.^f double turfed, or cockaredcaps the dozen - for children the dozen.-

nightcaps of sattin and velvet the dozen -nightcaps of silk knit the dozen -

nightcaps of woolen the dozen -

nightcaps of linen the dozen -

f playing cards the groce, containing 12 } Cards \ dozen paire -

\ocat.)wool cards pld the dozen paire —

I wool cards new the dozen paire -

of Tonney the piece* containing two yards)and a half long -

w of Scotland the piece (b) 4 -

1 of Cornix the carpet two yards and a half) 5»long - - — J

Eiec*. }

one

Brunswicke carpets stript and unfiript the Cfiina of cottoA course the piece - — vt s»

x.s. iij. d.

j.s. iv.d.

j. 8. iv. 9. vj. a. viij.d.

iff.l. x.s.

x*s*

i>K x.s. iv.-.

H

j.L xiij.s.

vi. d,

iij.l. xiij.s.iv.d.

XV. 8.

ij. 1. viij-s. j. 1. iij. 1. iv. 1.

j-.!;

vuj. 8.

VjM.

vj. s. x.s.

j. 1. xs. xiijs. ivd» jl. VI.

xs.

(b) 5 Ann, c, t.

Carpets

1660.] Anno duodecimo Caroli II.

Carpets

vocat.

5Gentish-the doten -

Turkey or Venice short the piece -Turkey or Venice long, containing? four yards And upwards — J

c. 4.

iij. 1. j. 1. x.s.

viij. 1.

tof Periia the yard square, the yard - ij.l. v.s.

Cases for looking glades gilt

Carrells the piece, containing 15 yards* - j; l. vi.s. viij. 4.

}C&f N# 3 and the dozen - iv. s.

\ of N* 5 and 6 the dozen - vij. s.

of'N#7 and 8 the dozen — x.s.

rZl^ !°} J; > -i

of N# 3 and a the dozen - ij.sl of and o the dozen. — qj.s. vj.d. of N°7 and 8 the dozen - v.s. of N°9 and 10 the dozen - xvi. s. viij.d. 'with wooded conijjs ^arnifeed the dozen — j. 1.

__* -1 /*.11_i- - — l.

j.l. yj.s. viij.d.

Cases for looking; glaf&dhgilt

with finall ivotle combs garnished the dozen 1

with, middle fort ivorie combe gami&ed the dozen ' - - 1

with large izqrie fombp ganxi&ed the) dozen: ^for combe Angle the grace, cont. 12 dozen'

1 forcoipbidoublethegroce, cont. 12dozen fyr spe&aclcs gHt the gioce, Containing X raf dozen -

foripeftades ungilt the groce, cont. 12 dozen xiij. s*. iv. d-for needlies or pro-cases uiegroce, contain-7

J

ij.l, iv.i.;

j i 1.

j. l. vj.s, viij> d.,

ing 1 a dozen

- Vs* 8.

Ijfor needles French-guilt the dozen

Ireland into- England*-j

*iij. a. iv. d.

Cattel ( imported from great ( a-piece after the rate of, f of iron finall the dozen

L x.s'

5 j of iron midilefort; the dozen -"3 I of ir

- j.l. X.9.

- ij.l. yiij.s.

iron large, t^e dozen - \- iaj.1.

I of steel, the doze? -'-'- vj. 1.

Caviare the hundredweight, cont. 112 pound - j.l.

{ of linen for women, the dozen — viij. s,

cauls 1 of gifc, the dozen — *- j; l. vijj.d.

' silk, the dozen Cefteme of lattin, the pound

Chaffing-difhc* 1 °T , »*tin* the P001

6 (Of iron, the dozen

Chain* \ ?r OT vto«> dozen "*( for dogs, course, the dozen

Chairs of walnut-tree, die piece -

f unwatered or mohairs, the yrfrd -

Chamlets < watered, the yard -

[ half silk half hair, the yard -

Cheese the hundred weight, cont. 112 pound -

Cherries the hundredweight, cont. 112 bound

Cfhcfs-boards, the dozen -

Chefs-men the groce, cont. twelve dozen —

C of iron small or middle fort the piece

£ < of iron large tl^e piece -

f3 (of Cyprus wood the nest, cont. three cheils

j.s. iv. d. j. s, iv.d. xiij. s. ivi d., viij. s. iij. s. iv. d. x.s. iij. s. v. s. x. s.

vj. s. viij. d.

4\L

J*.!*

Xlj.S.

V. 1.

- vj. 1. xiij. 6. iv, d* 1 viij. 1,

Cht&K

37*.

duodecimo CAP.«tI H. c.p [166q+.

5 f of fpruc? or danflte the nest, containing J. j

'Jg j. three chtfo. — — ),i'

O / painted the doaea.- - " y*;

k -V'5 faali l^e piece "

Cimney-back, j.__

China pease $he pound, —

jChizels for joiner!, the dopca Citterns, the doaen.

vj.a. auj.

«t Am

xuj. % uij. d. uj s; ivd,

f the /mail hundred, containing fix-)\

t

Claphoult l /core btjafd*.

j) \

Qco.^.e.15.

Ann, c, S.

" dr < the ring, xont. two small hundred J-Clapboard / the; great hundred* cats, twenty; -9.

L schfrbPtartwT-. > — r I ?J*?; ,

Claricords the.pair-^- .;: f1hj»*«.iiu, d3i

Cloakeiof Felt thepiqce.3 - — ..... sii* ijj. 1.

All manner of whaldi clpths.imported per yard iij, 1. , x>,.* vpcatfSrfyeger^or qampa^hja.1 ?,

1 eo^eneale the pound f. - f M*f - f

' ^.-co^enealStfx^ptS,

and Campeache co- > vj.s. viij<d. '

i±oi«Oe,: the pound: t) 1

oaisor Scotland tl^e-ton"' d- _ — vi, s. vi^d.

rcovered^th gilt.AfrdOjWii? =ri. - ifih \ covered \withreI»K, 'thf; do3ten. x^-rfi — jv. 1.

with iron barsf «°nt. three floors j, 1, jdj.

hphia the - nett,) Containing. three coffers xii/. s. iv» d.

tpfuiuedthe n^, ...do#t-.»hwe cofew.-rfi > r-« i«^s.,

jComafhes. -out of Turkey, --the piece'*' iv.J.

' "fer wool the pair, old-or new" - — v. s.

of bone jhft pound — ..'b; ? iv, a.

'f vpcatf&rfyefit

A codheneaie 1

Gocheneale < ofalj

"* 1 ^yfcrcfter at

t chyeXjc,: |1 Coals of Scoriaird

of box the grocej^copt* i a dote*

x.s.

2 I voc: lightwBcKDcOmbcs the grqce, conpdo- i - - ... y

IS ing Tz dozS — ww- ^5-T,d?.

ri of b^nefor barbers, thedoatt*.. r^f.

of ivorip, the pound* — , rr — X.A*

vocat. torse-combs, the dozen- — tt — ..iv.*.

Comfets the potmrtd'1*» ^Va.'

v f.of ironibr carp«uets?. the dozen. - ij. s«

ChmjJaflesx.ofl hrafs, the dozen -» — >' iv. a.

t for ships, the dozen --; u. — vij. a. v>. d.

T unvrtroiight bricks'Or platba roond: or/quve, 1 b l.i/the hundred weight coots J 12 poi)nd; .> x, ar.

Ann. c. 18. frS^or rose copper V >.. — — 3 J '

ij. s.

vj. 5. yiij. d,

_: ofe copper

(5 I chaines, ' the chaine

Cpurles or plate the marke

Copperas greea ^he hundred weighs cpnt 112 pound

XV. s.

Cordage of ropes tarred'or untarred the hundred J.

' weight, containing 112 pound 11 ' ?- J 5# U}1'

Corke tacks!^ --- ?»:* W

f c > (Of lteel the thoUlana -- j. I. xnj. s. iv.

for fhocmakerv the dozen pieces — iv. s.

o

3 < of all other Torts the hundred weight, con-

q I taining 112 pound - - _ {*VUJ-d-

1660.] Anno duodecimo Caroli II. c. 4;

" f Wheat imparted not exceeding the " price of five shillings six-pence the Qnfhel at the place of importation by4he bushel -

When it (halt exceed that rate by the quarter

j

V. u

'Imported not exceeding the price of to

yji

four shillings six pence the.buihel at the place of importation by the bulbet

when it shall exceed that rate by the quarter ( ---: — ? -

Imported, not exceeding the " Beans \ price Of three shillings fix

h viij. d+

iij. iv. 4.

v. t.

«. 2V.iL.

r Barley < pence the bushel at the place Malt I Of importation iij.s. iiij. <L by

I the btafhd ——

When it shall exceed that rate, by the quarter v, s.

Coverlets of Scotland, the piece. xv. at*

Counters of ladn, the pound j. s.

f laths the pound vHj. d.

Crofbow <threed, the pound — ..... viij.d,

(racks, the piece'-7 — x. s.

f of done without covers, the hundred,

Crufcs < containing five (core -

( of done with covers, the hund.cont.5 score > 1. yj.a. viij^d. Cufhians of Scotland, the dozen — £.*

ui. 5 pourfc, the dozen — iM* x.s.

Culhen-cloth* j of txpetoy, the dozen — uii. 1. X. s.

Cuttle bones, the thousand ----- »>. — j.1. vjL s, viij.d.

X. s.

with firelocks, or fnpphances, the piece j.l.

the dozen j> l* vj.g, viij. 4

the dozen ' — iiij. s.

children the dozen»-- if* s.

i velvet (heaths, the dozen -with velvet (heaths, the dozen — iiij.l. ji fMeabro-deah, the hundred, cont. fix-fconc iiij.l,

g \ Norway ideals, the hundred, cont. fix-score, v. 1.

m J Burgcndorp-drals, the hundred, containing

a I (ix-score

(Spruce-deals, the hundred, cont. six-score f or dayes for books, 'the dozen

«5 1 for women to wqrk on, covered with wool

jq I len, the piece ——

(for women, covered with velvet, the piece tv i (of wood, the dozen -

Plals \ of bone, the dozen -

Dimity, the yard -

Dogs of earth, the grace, cont. twelve dozen g f with caddas the piece, cont. fifteen yards g \ with silk the piece, cont. fifteen yards S j with wool the piece, cont. fifteen yards fc? (with thred the piece, cont. fifteen yards

xij.I.

XT. J.

Ulj.t.

V.».

37 S.

5 Anq.c. f.

5 Ann.«.|*

DorpJjr

V6.

Anno duodecimo Caroli II. C. 4. '

[1

yy___. 5 Frend^making, theell ij. ?j.d.

pormx j pieneh-making, the yard # — - — ij-s. (

Dugeon, the hundred pieces, containingfive-score j. l.

Durance or ( with tfired, the yard Dure tty \ with silk, the yard Dtttties, the piece -

f Acacia, the pound

10*Q, ?. C.?£

VJ. s. viij.d. X sr '

i: .!' mj. jj.

viij.d,

vj.d.

Acorns, the pound Adiadtum album, the pound Adiantum nigrum, the pound Agaricus or agarick, Pr parpd, the).

pound* — --- # - 1 — r- J

Agaricus rough or untrjm'd. tty? pound — r. s. Agnus callus feeds, the popnd — *-- j4 s.

AUcanet roots, the pound — j. s.

Aloes-cicotrina, the pound Aloes-ppatica, the pound —

Alium, ronish or roch. the hundred' containing 112 pound -

Amberjgreecg dU(k or grey, the ounce

Ameos feed, the ppund - — r

Amomi feeds, the pound — — \ ——

Anacardium, the pound -

Angelica, the pound.---

Antimoniuu> cmdum, the hundred weight, containing 112 pound -

Antimonium preparatum or ftibium, the pound -

Argentum sublime or limum, the pound, or

uicksilver ----- t --

Ariflolochia longa and rotunda, the pound j«iiij d. Arsnick white or yellow, or rofalger, 'the j jy; d

pound ----- ----- J j '

Alarum roots, the pound - — - J s

AfpaJUthus, the pound — )s. yj d.

Alia fbtida, the pound ..... — j ij d;

Almonds bitter, the hundred weight, cont. I j -

112 pound — - - — 1 J

Alumen plupe, thp pound — jjs.

Balauftium, the pound — ij s. yjd. fialfamum artificial, the pound — — iij s. iiij d.

Balfamum natural, thepqund xs.

Bay berries, the 112 pound — xiij s. iiij d.

Barley huld or French barJey, the H2 J - j

pound (a) ----- j*

Bdeljium, the pound ii s. vj d.

Bcnalbum or rubrnm, the pound — - ij 5;

Benjamin of al} forts, the pound — - — v

Bvfzer (lone of the East India, the ounce \ ...« troy — J u

(a) 7 k 8 W. 3. c. so.

Prug«

Drtigga vocat.

*60.3

Anno duodecimo Caroli il. c. 4

Beasertone of the.West-India, the opnee [ xg

troy

Black leade, thexia.ponnd Blata Bixantia, the pound

jl. is.

__________, ij «.

Bolus communis, or armoniacus, the hun-).

dredweight, cont. 112 pound - J

Bolus verus the pound, or fine bole viij d.

Borax in paste or unrefined, commonly)

called Tuickull, the DOund ----- -J UJ S'

Borax refined, the pound.>t xiij s. iiij d.'

Bunkins. holliwortles or piftolachia, the)'

pound' % ., ",1 J

CaJlainus, the pound - "r*J

Camphire refined, the pound Camphire unrefined, the pound Cancri oculua, the pound Cantarides, the pound

Caraway feed?, the ixpound Cardantomes, (he pound Carpo balfami, the pound Carrabej orfuccinum, the Carthamus feeds, the pound

Cassia fistula, the pound, of all fort? Cassia lignea, the pound

viijd. vs.

ij s. Vj d.

ivs.

vs.

4 % f

1 I. IV $ lijs.

IV 8.

js., viijd.

I

id.

- j a. viij d«, Caitoreum or hevor. cods, the pound, — x s.

Cerufla, the na pound.<, j 1. x s.

China roots, die, pound. — yj s. viij d,

Ciceres white and red, the pound >*yi d,

Ciperus longus fe rotundas, the 112 pound ji. xiij s. ivid, Ciperus nuts, the pound

Civet, the ounce troy»ij 1.

Coculus Indue, the pound ... -7 — ij s.

Coloquintida, the pound — r — .- ij s.;

Conu, red or white in fragments, for phy-

ficaluse, the pound 7-----£ UJS* 1VcL

Coral whole, the pound — , — jl.

Coriander feeds, the one hundred and?.

twelve pound — — y «! u

Cortex guaci, the 112 pound Cortex caperum, the pound Cortex tamerifei, the pound Cortex mandragorae, the pound Cofcus dulcis and amarus, the pound Cubebs, the pound -

Cumminfeed, the 112 pound

Cufcuta, the pound -

Cyclamen or panis pordnus, the pound — ij s.

Citrago, the pound — j s.

Cetrach, the pound^j s.

Cinabrum or vermilion, the pound > — ij s. vj d.

C white, the 112 pound - y 1.

Copperas < blew, of Danike or Hungary, )B

( the 112 pound — ----- -J X1J 5*

Cambogium or guttagambse, the pound - iij s. iv d.

Chryftajin broken pieces for physick uses, per lb. iij s. iv d. r*'r ' Carlina,

373

/ Carl ina. Abound Carolina the pOutfd

Cortex wmteranu57 the pound Daucus'crcticus, Ae pound

Stagfeudal irftartibny, Afc p6und I leaves, xhe^eWid

Tj ...

e

p

Anno duodecimo' Caaoli II, c. 4.' £ 16fi

IV d.

iij 4-

iv $.

H

3 leaves, wpomm -.....- J s;

Diptamqs. &e 1* vj <F.

Dpmnicinn, the pound — - -"* — 1 sj vj d.

Eleboruj albttsand'filger, the pound - — viyd.

Epithdnium, the pound. — j*-.-

Afr H^vnn» Ae pcmnd^j*hr <L»

Euphorbium* the pound - 1 vuj d.

Fennel ftfeds, the pound '*, vjrd.

Fenugreek, HETI it pound '»' ...* — *xr s.

FM# Aepourid-r. ^4.-

Folium firdhs, the pound'- vs; 1

Fox lungs; the gffhnd — «T fijd. '

Frabikindehle" -0T FF5HQT or Psfiwftn, Ae j -

y

j*, Vjd. jsi yj d, is. hrd,

vjd.

112 Jiund

Galbanturi, the pound.-Galanga, Ae pound; General?Ae- pound " Gendina. Ae pound*Gtntiy pepper, Ac pound Grana pin*, the pound Gjreeb gihger; Ae pound Gum^ am mi/ Ae" pound Gum arttabniack, Ihepound Gurt 6axi*irlx, Ac pound Gum trigagaiif, " Ae pound'Gumelemni, tfte pound*Gum hedene;He- pound Gum lack, $he pound fa) Gum opopadax, Ae pound Gum (ardOcol, the pcTuncT

fl*T"J Ar j s. vjd

v-iwvvvvi) uiv ^uunu r — j*JU.

Gum ferapinum the pound, or fegaptimni j s, vjd, Gum taccamahacese; Ac* pound* J — ivs,

Grana tin&orum* ----- -ij s. vj d,

Grains of Guiney jbr French grain's^ the 112 pound — 1- -

GumArabeck, or guirf Seneca? Ae hundred and twelve pound*1 }

Gum fandrake, or gumiuniperi, Ae hun- >1

dred and twelve pound — J *Jt

Gum gutaci, Ae pound - — ivs.

Gum carameif, the pound — — yj d.

Hermoda&ilus, the pound — — ij s.

HypocijHs, the pound - — — ij s.

Horns of harts or flags, Ae* hundred — j 1. xs, Incenfeor olibanum, the liz pound — vl.

Ireos, Ae 112 pound Ifonglass, the 112 pound (a)

Juj ubes, Ae pound ——

Jolop, the pound

--Ij 1- xs,

- vl.

Juniper berries, the 11*2 pound (?) 8 Geo. t, c. ij.

-js.

ivs.

jl.

Labdanijn}

Drnggs vocat.

1660] Anno duodecimo Cakgli II. c. 4

-Labdanuoi&r Lapadonum, the pound Lapis CallatMiians, the 112 pound Lapis fifematitis, the pound Lapis jud^icus, the pound Lapis lazuli^ the pound

Lapi$ tudey the pound -T wvW w: roAs, the fcouad-A'c*vt* of violet-er flowers, the pound - yiijd. Lynrifcu* or xylobalfamum, the pond — j s* viq <L

3;

Lignum alotSf-the pound Lignum jtf^haltoi&r- the pound Lignum.thodioiny the lie-pound Lignum vitfc, scheiiapeumi / Litharge, of gold, the 112 pound Litharge of silver, the 112 pound

Locufl; thh pouad ----- <r-

Lupines, the tie-pound - — Lcntills, the pound - — Lapis contravenes, die ounce Lignum ntphxeticaxn, the pound Madder loots, 02 ruhea riafterum, pound Manna, the pound -Marmelade* the-ponnd

Mastick wfrj teethe pound'

Mastick red, the pound Mechoacan, the pound Mercury fublimat. the pound Mercury prfccipitat. the pound Methrioate Venetur, the pound Millium folds, the pound — Mirabolanesr dry, the pound Mirabolanes, condited the pound'Mirtle bellies the pound Mummia, the pound Mufke, die ounce troy Muike cods, the dozen Myrrha, the pound Nygella, the pound Nytrum, the pound Nutmegs condited, the pound Nux de benne, the pound Nux cupreffi, the pound Nux inaica, the piece Nux vomica, the pound Nardus Celtics, or Spies Romans, 112 pound.

Nux pini or grana pini, the pound

Oiibanum or incenie, the its.pound

Opium, the pound -

Ofipium huirredem, the pound Orcant or almiet, the pound

ori.pfcTO

Origanum, the pound —

l

Ofla

r

s) S Geo. 1. c. 1

38e

ftGco.i. if.

g

So<

I

Anno duodecimo Caroli II.

*Ofla de coitte. ccrvi, the pound 1 Oyle of amber, the pound Oyle of rosemary, the pound Oyle de bay, the 112 pound Oyle of mace or nutmegs, the pound Oyle de ben, the pound vOyle of (pike, the pound Oyleof almonds, .'the pomid

Oyje de scorpions, sche pound Oleum petrolium* the pound Oleum turpentine, the pound Orabus, the poiind i Orpment or auripigmentum, the six pound Panther, the pound Panis por&wSf cyckaen;

Peajfc Jftaten, the Ounce troy Pellitorie, the sound -

Pepper long, 4»c pound- —

Perrosen, <vid$ franckinfcncc

Piony feeds* the pound r

Piitachias or nux piftachue, the pound Pix Burgtmdia, the 112 pound -PoUutn luotfanum, the pound Polipodjujn# the pound-Puke^ranet pills, the 11* pound'

Poppie feeds, thf pound - — j-Precipute,vutt mercuric precipitate — Pfylliunj, the pound — viijd. PyuneUaies or-pruans of Brunolia, the pound j t* Quicksilveri vuk argentum vinijn

S Geo. j. C. 15.

t Geo. i. c. 15.

Rhapontikutn, the pound ----- — xiijs: ivd.

Radix efuje, the pound - — - > j s.

Rqjjead* the 112pound — xvjs. viijd.

Rhabarbarujn or ruwurbe, the pound ? jl.

Rofalger, the pound, t>id* arutiek Roflct, the pound -

Radix contra yerva, the pound Radix f<; oif$cmein,: the pound Radix jfc£n$, the pound Sal alkali the pound Sal armoniacum, the pound

Sal gem, the pound - V — rr

Sal niter, the pound --

Sandracha pr gum fandracha, junipefi the hundred and twelve pomtS

Sandiver, the 112 pound — ..... "

Sanguis draconis, toe pound Sarlaparilla, the pound '*

SaiTafras wood or roots, the hundred and > twelve pound - — - — 3

Saunders white, the pound* — J s.

Saunders yellow, the pound ij s.

Saunders red alias Hock, the 112 pound -iijjl,

Scamonie, <vidt diagredium -

Scincus paring the piece — , " iiij d.

S^ordiuiSl

bO

2

O

1C60.] Anno duodecimo Caroli II. d/4;

Scordium, the pound --» — vj d.

Scorpions, the piece — 'iij d.

Sebeftines, the pound j j.

Seeds for gardens of all forts, the pound — viij d.

Seler montantas, the pound — --- viij d.

Semen cucumeris, cncurb. cHrul.stolon the lb. viij a.

Sena, the pound — ij s, vj d.

Soldonell*, the pdfcnd — - — viij d.

Sperma cacti fine, the pound v s.

Sperma end course oylie, the 112 pound — 122J1. Spica eeldea, vide nardui celtica, or fpica )

Romana - — J

Sanguis bird, the pound — i Spicknard, the pound —

Spodium, the pound

Spunees, the pound —

Squilla, the 112 pound -

Squinanthum, the pound ——

Slechados, the pound —

Staphisager, the t it pound Stibium, vide andmonium p reparation Storax calamka, the pound Storax liquida, the pound Succus liquiridac, the pound Sulphur vivom, the pound ——

Tamarindes, die pound -

Terra lemnia, the pound Terra figillata, the pound Thlafpii femen, the pound Tornfall, the pound ——

Trodfci de vipera, the ounce troy Treacle common, the pound Treacle of Venice, the pound Turbith, the pound —

Turbith thaptoe, the pound Turmerick, the pound

Turpentine of Venice, Scio or Cyprus the )

pound — J

Turpentine common, the 112 poupd -

Talk white, the pound ——

Talkegreen, the pound —

Yerdigreece, the pound Vcmim, the 112 jpound Vermillion, vide cinabriuin Vitriolum romanum, the pound Vmber, the hundredweight, cont. H2ponnd jl.

Viscus quercinus, the pound ... iv s.

White lead, the 112 pound ----- j 1-

Wormfeeds, the pound — ----- iij

Zedoaria, the pound # — — iij

Xylobalfamum, vide lentifeus —

All druggs imported directly from the place of their growth in EngHfh-built shipping, to berated one third part of what is charged in the book of rates, and no mept.

Diamonds, pearls, precious Hones and jewels, the ? hundred pound value — — J

iv d. ivd.

S Geo. i. c. 15.

t Geo. t. c^.15.

a Geo. 1, c. 7-

Eariings,

3

Anno duodecimo Carou fl:

of chryllal die dofeen of glaiie the great groce, containing twelve }

imall groce ——

of three! the gfeat groce, containing twelve

fijiaU groce of silk the great gtoce.

containing twelve

small groce of fine damaike work the dozen of bugle the dozen — for handkerchers the groce, cont. 12 dozen ofhairc the grocer cont. 14 dozen' —

v

Cabinets i or coimtorc8 fiaall tie piece

C or countorea large the piece >» Cables tarred or untarred the hundred weight,

containing 112 pound -

Caddas or Cruel! ribband tie dozen pieces, every piece containing 36 yards —

Calve flews in the haire the piece —

Cabogium, W*Druggs -

Camaetto half silk, half haire, the yavd Candles of tallow the pound -

Candle plates, or wallers of bnds or lattia tie)pound - - - -J

Candlesticks 5 of brass or lattin th* pound -r of wire the dozen -Candleweeke the hundred weight, cont. in) pound -

Callicoes fine or course the piece -

Canes or reeds the thousand -

Canes of wood |^cont. 6o cane* " Cant sparrs the Hundred, cont. fix fcorc -

Capers the pound -

Capravens tie hundred, cont. fix score —

Cap.hookes, or hooke-ends the groce, cont. izdoz.^f double turfed, or cockarta caps the dozen -} for children the dozen -

g nightcaps of sattin and velvet the dozen -« ] nightcaps of silk knit the dozen -

S* nightcaps of woolen the dozen -

I nightcaps of linen the dozen # -

f playing cards the groce, containing 12 7 Cards I dozen paire - - - )

'locat. wool cards pld the dozen paire — -^wool cards new the dozen paire -

of Tonney the piece, containing two yards - and a half long -

of Scotland the piece (I).

*of Cornix the carpet two yards and a half 2 1 long*- -."

Brunswicke carpets stript and unfiript the piece -

toChhia of cotton course the piece -

B*

<3

X. 8.

iij. d.

j.s. iv.d".

j« s« iv. s. vj. s. viij.d.

x.s.

X\9+

i>l. x.s. iv^s. j. 1.

J.L xiij.Ss. vj. d*

iij. 1. xiij.s^iv.d

XV.*.

ij. 1. viij^s. j. 1. iij. 1. iv. 1. j.l. viij. s.

vj.!.

vj.s.

x.s.

j.l* xs. xiijs. ivd. jl. vs.

xs. iv s>

(h) 5 Ann. c. t.

Carpets.

Anno duodecimo Caroli II. c, 4*'

Carpets

vocat.

f Gentifhthe dozen \ Turkey or Venice short the piece

- nj. I.

j* 1. x* s.

Turkey or Venice long, containing? ...*f four yards and upwards — J*m I of Persia the yard square, the yard - ij.l.

Cases for look* ing glafies gilt

j. 1. xiij. s. iy.d.

v.s.

Carrells the piece, containing 15 yards' - j; l. vi.s.

bf N# 3 and a the dozen - iv. s.

\ of N° 5 and 6 the dozen - vij. s.

of 7 and 8 the dozen* — x.s.

J of N°9 and 10 and upwards

the dozen - - J

ofN*3 ahdathedoxen - ij.* of N*p and 6the dozen - i#.s. vj of N°7 and 8 the dozen - v.s of N°9 and 10 the dozen - "? p with wooded coih's garnifoed the dozen — with small ivode combs garftished the zen -'- -

with, middle fprt.ivorie combe gamished the dozen } -

with large idqrie £ombp garoiAied the , 'dozen - / - r'-

«§ for comb# Angle the grace, tont. 12 dozen

.. j

viij.4.

Cases for looking; glafftiUigilt

J

O for coipb* double the* groce, cont. 12 dozen*

fyr spectacles gflfc tfe groed, Containing 1 .1

dozen - - -"»$ '

forfpe&ades ungilt the groce, cont. 12 dozen xiij.s'. iv.f for needfes or pin-cases the grace, contain-7 ... '

ing iz dozen ----- - -3

Lfor needles French-guilt the dozen - ws.

Cattel j imported from Ireland into-England, } S - s 1

great ( a-piece after the rate of - > y

*> f of iron small the dozen*- j.I. x. s.

Jj \ of iron ntiddlefortrthe dozen -'_ -ij.l. viij.s.

5 1 of iron large, t^e dozen - - - > iij.1.

- vj. 1.

- i\!;

- VUJ.S*

w

- I; 1. vj.«. viy.d. j. s. iv. d.

J. s, iv.d.

__ iron Urge, t^te dozen

/ of steel, the doze?*- -

Caviare the hundredweight, cont. 112 pound r.j of linen for women, the dozen Cauls t of Aik, the dozen -

CeAeneof lattin, the pound -

Chains { OT Purses> fine* the dozen

( for dogs, course, the dozen -Chair# of walnut-tree, the piece -

f unwatered or mohairs, the yrfrd Chamlets < watered, the yard -

C half silk half hair, the yard Cheese the hundred weight, cont. 112 pound Cherries the hundred weight, cont. 112 bound Chefs-boards, the dozen -

Chefs-men the groce, cont. twelve dozen - iron small or middle fort the piece iron large the piece -Cyprus wood the nest, cont. three chests viij. 1.

leis-mei f of ir <0 f ir (of C

xm. s. iv. d.,

- viij. s.

- iij. s. iv. d.

- x.s.

- iij. s.

- v.s.

- x.s.

- vj. s. viij. 4.

j.l.

- j-.!*

- xij.s.

- V. 1.

- vj. 1. xiij.s. iv, d.

Chcfts

m.

J5 f Of

1) t O I par

Anno duodecimo Caroli II. 6.4; [1660.

of fpruc* or dan Ike the nest, containing) .

fe_ — - — -I-..?'

dozen < 1 - ij. 1*:

J. K 1, J _ T.l m «i22!

Chimney-back*

--r % J w

ljja. ivd*,

>r joiners, the dozen ... nr- -«-

Citterns,

f* fh# An all nontainin^ £y. It

lame thepfcce rr_

China peafi? $he pound. — rr ' -7-

/Chizels for joiners, the dozen ... -«y

the dozen-, —: — , # # pi).

5the./mall hundred, containing fix- J

/core. txwdA' the nng, jcont. two final! hundred jj. 1. x. s.

p$eo.?.e.i5. Gocheneale

' r w

ic 2 of

A

j Ann, c. 8a

plapboard I the; great hundred, coe^? twenty--

I, /*.! ibui^m^l^dped'

Claricords the pair- f; -f/"

Cloakeao/felt the J>iqq5 3 -All manner of woolen clptWi.wpprt^d p^r.yznj^ vocatr S.jdyefltr^or

cooieneale the pound -

' all

tSytyeiler and Campeache co- chaudfe,; the pound ..7

Coals of Scoriand tlfeipn '* i- -

r covered thfrdo^g*

g \ covered ^itAveIw, lhf: dpwi , 0^C1^ jffi < with iron bhrsjf tjm.nefe._*ont>. threj^ q rp)ahi the ne^, ^(Sntaining.ihree coffers tpniiMedtto nw^vdOnl-.three coffers Coma/hes. out of Turkey* the piece'

' "for wdol thep&r, old-or new'

of bone pound'. ii$

of box the gntte^eept* 1dote* voc: 1ightw0o<^cOmbes the grQee, coupon,

ii\g .|r2 dozen ---« —

of hflrnefor barbers, the doze*.

of ivorip, the pound'.

vocat. hOrfe-combs, the dozen-Comfets the poturtd 'r ---> .* v {.of iron ior caro«atets?. the dozen.

the doze

XVtij, .!; .; lj. 1.

wj, 1...:

In - j

vj.fa vi\jddT vj, 8. Vtyijd' i

J8

I

u

Chmpaflbsx.of bra£>; V'. .[ for ships

iozen the dozen

it

Ann. c.

r unsought briefes^or platfes round* or, squanc, feA.; , the hundred weight cont* 11 j 18. §-S or rose copper V >.

' $ I cluunfis, the chaine -

Cpurles or plate the marke. — Copperas green she hundred weight, containing)112 pound'7 ----- --- a — > — 7 3

Cordage or ropes tarred or untarred the hundred )

' weight, containing tl2 pound -

1.1 Cor iron the jhjoufarid porkc «ck*{ Df ftee, the thousand

for Ihocmakerv the dozen piece$

} xiij. s. iiij.d.

yj. s. viij. d. j. l. xiij.s. iv^d-

o f for Ihocmakerv the dozen piece$ iv. s.

of all other Torts the hundred weight, con- f

<3 l taining 112 pound - _ $ XVI- s- viy-

v. u

j> yj* viij.

p uj. Ia iv. cU

quj

f I

V. I.

1660.] Anno duodecimo Caroii II. c. 4.

"Wheat imported not exceeding the -w price of five shillings six-pence the 3 J prifhel at the place of importation 1 5*bykhebulhel —

When it shalt exceed that rate by the i

quarter* - — r-

"Imported not exceeding the price of* a four shillings six pence the bafliel

£ H at the place of importation by the cCk bulbet,

when it shall exceed that rate by the i uarteir

Imported, not exceeding the -Beans \ price Of three shillings fix Barley <*pence the bushel at the place

Malt I of importation iij.s. iiij.cL by\

L the bathe! ----- -----)

When it shall exceed that rate, by quarter - v, s.

Coverlets of Scotland, ' the piece - - — xv.

Counters of latin, the pound'.»j. s.

f laths the jpound'- vHj- d.'

Crolbow < thread, the pound — — viij.d,

I racks, the jfiece ^-- x. s.

f of ftoiie without covers, the hundred, )

Crufes < containing five (core - — J

I of done with covers, the hund.cont.5 score > 1. yj.s. viij^d.

Culhians of Scotland, the dozen .....

j Pourse, the dozen — g*l- x.s.

( of tapeihy, the dozen» pinI. fc.s.

Cuttle bones, the thousena >«...j*I. vi. 1. triij.d.

tys. iv. iu

x. s.

zs with fire locks, or fnnphances, the piece j- L 'ides, the dozen - - -- - j. l. vj.s. viij. d*

children the dozen ..... — - liij. s.

for children the dozen»ij- s.

with velvet (heaths, the dozen - iij.I. with, velvet (heaths, the dozen — iiij.l

j? f Meabro-deals, the hundred, cont. six-score g \ Norway ideals, the hundred, cont. fix-score, «< Burgendorp-djeals, the hundreds containing )

*g I six-score - J

p i Spruce-deals, the hundred, cont. fixrfcore for Hayes for books, the dozen

1 for women to work on, covered with wool- } A I len, the piece - J

wfor women, covered with vejvet, the piece n. 1 { of wood, the dozen

( of bone, the dozen Dimity, the yard

iiij.l.

v. 1.

Zlj.I.

XV. J.

IUJ.9.

v.s.

X. 8.

iii. s. xij.*.

Pogs of earth, the grace, cont. twelve dozen^f with caddas the piece, cont. fifteen yards -with silk the piece, cont. fifteen yards with wool the piece, cont. fifteen yards \yith thred the piece, cont. fifteen yards

i

- HJ:

- uij.l.

- j.l. x.s.

- ij.l.

- i. 1. v. s.

r-j*.

275.

MCar.^.c.ij.

Ami. c. t.

5 Ann.-c. I.

Dorpix

Anno duodecimo Caroli II. C. 4.'

J French-making, the ell -

[ French-making, the yard —

Dugeon, the hundred pieces, containing five-score j.l

[1660.

fornix

ij.s. vj.cL

ij. s.

Durance or I with thred, the yard Duretty X with silk, the yard

Dutties, the piece —

f Acacia, the pound rr- —

Acorus, thepqund —

Adiaritum album, the pound Adiantum nigrum, the pound

e

s

a

bQ

s

Agaricus or agarick, ifftn'd the).j

vj. j. riij.d.

X9, '

J: .!"

1UJ.*.

vuj.d,

vj.d.

pound

Alchernes

untrim'd, % pound — v. s. the pound — ' j.s.

Yfyrrup^e^pound — -y^s. viij. 4-

( confe&io, the ounce - iuj. s. Aloes-cicotrina, the pound v. 3/

Aloes-epatica, the pound — ij.s.

Allum. r<Miiih or rodi, the hundred, con- '

tabling 112 pound 7 ----- '-

Ambergreecg olapk or grey, the ounce j

Amcos feed, the pound ----- r

Amomi feeds, the pound — ----- V -

Anacardium, the pound -

Angelica, the pound

Antimpnium prudum, the hundred weight, ),

containing 112 pound -

Antimoniuhi preparatum or ftibium, the pound - — — j '

Argentum sublime or limum, the pound, or

uickfilvey — ^-f UJS;

Anftolochia longa and rotunda, the pound js. iiij d. Arfruck white or yellpw, or rofalger, the I ay* j

pound - — J j

Alarum roots, the pound - — — j

Afpalathus, the pound. — j s. vj d.

Ana fetid*, the pound ----- ----- j s. ij d;

Almonds bitter, the hundred weight, cont. I«-

1x2 pound J /

Alumen plume, the pound - — j s.

Balauftium, ^the pound >.--- ij s. vjd.

Balfamum artificial, the pqugd .....iij s. lijj d.

Balfamum natural, the pound; — - x s.

BayberriPs, the 112 pound xiij s. iiijd.

Barley huld or French barley, the ji* i: 1

pound' — — f 1 '

Bdeljium, the pound ----- ----- ij s. vj d.

Bcnaibum or rubrnm, the pound ----- ij s:

Benjamin of all forts, the pound — v s.

Btfzcr stone of the East India, the ounce).

troy — — 5 J1-

(q) 7 & 8 W. 3. C. 20.

t4>6e.'3 Anno duodecimo Caroli II. c. 4;

rBcaaer stone of the.West-India, the opnee)

troy

Black leade, the m pound Blata Bizantia, the pound

5

X*4

41. x. ij*.

Bolus communis, or annoniacus, the hun-1

dred weight, cont. 112 pound, .--- J*

Bolus verna the pound, or fine bole»viijd. Borax in paste or..unrefined, commonly) ..*

called Tuickull, the pound ----- j J

Borax refined, the pound

e

Bunions, holliwortles or piftoladiia, the I

pound.______ —; 1 — j

Csdlainus, the pound.

Camphire refined, the pound 1

Camphire unrefined, the pound^ —

Cancri oculus* the pound Cantaridcs, the pound

Caraway feed^, the 112 pound Cardankomes, the popnd Carpo bplfiuni, the poupd Carrabe, or fuccinum, the Carthamus feeds, the popn<

Cassia fistula, the pound, of all forts Cassia lignca, the pound —

Caftoreum or hevor cods, the pound Cerufla, the 112 pound , -

China roots, die pound. —

Ciceres white and red, the pound Ciperus longus k. rotundas, the tiz pound jliij s. ivd

ujs.

xuj s. uij a.

ij e- vjd.

viijd.

vs.

ij s. vj d.

tvs*.

vs*

jl. iv s. lij s. ivs.

J.V.

vib d.

*9m

j 8. VJ d.

j s. viij d«.xs.

j 1. x s. yjs. viijd, yid,

Ciperus nuts, the poupd Civet, the ounce troy

viij.d,

{J 1-

Coculus Indue, the pound — -7 — y s.

Coloquintida, the pound -----.4 — ij s.;

Coral, red or white in fragments, for phy-? ... a

ficaluse, the pound* — --- UJ s' ivd*

Coral whole, the pound — jl.

Coriander feeds, the one hundred and?.

twelve pound — --J J

Cortex guaci, the 112 pound — iij I.

Cortex caperum, the pound. ----- j §.

Cortex tamerifei, the pound ----- r--- yiij d.

Cortex mandragorse, the pound .....- — ij s.

Cofcns dulcis and amarus, the poupd - j s. yiii d.

Cubebs, the pound — j s. ivd.

Cumminfeed, the 112pound ' j 1. ivd.

Cufcuta, the pound ----- -- — — j s.

Cyclamen or panis porcinus, the pound — ij s.

Citrago, the pound —; — — i s.

Cetrach, the pound — »j s.

Cinabrum or vermilion, the pound — ij s. vj d.

C white, the 112 pound»- -» ij 1.

Copperas < blew, of Danlke or Hungary, )t the 112 pound — .--J

xij s.

Cambogium or gutta gambae, the pound - iij s. iv d. Chryftajin broken pieces forphysickufcs, per lb. iij s. iv d.

r Carlina,

377

378

Anno duodecimo Caroli II, C. 4.' [x65c

"Carlina, the Jxrorid Carolina the ptraffd^ - — =* CortS* whiteranuS, the pound Daucuscneticds, the poind.©iagredium hffoithdny, the ftotand

I

s

p

I*

iv d. iv S.

jl.

j*yj<r.

Dprpnicum, the poofid — ft s: vj d,

Elcboru? albas andntger, the pound» — viy d. Epithdnidm, the pound "'

A$& «ftvun, die pemnd-

Euphorbium* the pound Fennel ftfeds, fhepound-

Fenugreek, tte'f 12 pound Fwk-jr, thfc pound -±-'

Folium ItnuS; the podtfd Fox lungs; the pOhnd -

Frinldncehfe' 'Or Frandt Oi* Pamrftn, the r lu jhrtna - --- — — if Galbanturt, the pound ^J — j s-. Vj d.

Galanga, die pound General the pound Gendina, the pound* Ginfcy pdpper, the pound Grana pinae, the pound Green gihfcpr; the pound —

§ Gum' amki/ she- pound —

Gum arlhtoniack, Ihejjound Gurt earihnW, the pound Gum- tragaganTj the pound'Gumelemni, the pound - Gum hederae; pound Gum lack, $he pound jra) Gum opopaxj&x, the pound Gum fartocof, the" pOun<T

vi s. vuj dr - ys. vjd

- u*w |/vuuu.j*J.

Gum fera^inhin the pound, or {jagapehum - j s, vj d Gum taccamahaceae; the pound*a. — ± ivs,

Grana tin&ofuift " " -- — *ij s. vj d.

Grains of Guincjr fir French grains j the

112 pound* -1 -

GumArabeck, or gum Seneca, the hundred and twelve pound'"'* u..^ j Gum fandrake, or gum jumper!, the hun- >».

dred and twelve pound' — f J VUJS' Gum.guiUci, ' the pound - — ivs.

Gum caramert, the pound — — vj d.

Hermoda&ilus, the pound — ij s.

HypocifHs', the pound "* — — ij s.

Horns of harts or (lags, the hundred — j 1. x s. Incenfeor olibanum, die ii2*pburi4

Treos, the 112 pound -

Ifonglass, the 112 pound (a) -

Jujubes, the pound -

Jolop, the pound

Juniper berries, xhe 112 pound (?) 8 Geo. 1, c. ij.

vl.

*.L

- vl.

- is.

IV s,

jl.

xs.

Labdanqnj

Anno duodecimo Caroli II. c. 4.

LabdamiQl or l^lonuiD) the pound — j

Lapis Callamiaanif the 112 pound »*r tvj s* viij*

Lapis fjematuis, the pound j

Lapis judjiiCHs, the pound. "* j 9*

Lapis lazuli^ the pound >..'t — r — K s % Lapis tot^/ thepouad - — - }»t

v gfro&t, the bound- ? j t,

weaves^vjajtt^r |^W|) the pound - viy<L

Ljaitifciu o» xylebaUamum, the pound — >«. vits cL Lignum sloes, the pound -

Lignum j{frKaltuBir the pound.*++ — )9.

Lignum thodiea^- the n-n pound Lignum vttte, theiia pound Litharge, of gold, the i is pound Litharge of Silver, the 112 pound Locust; thfc pound Lupines, the 112 ponnd* —

Lentills, die pound -

Lapis contravenes, die ounce

Lignum nephxetknm, the pound Madder soots, 02 rubea tfeftorum, pound (aj 1

Manna, the pound -Marmeladey the pound

-.Mastick vvh)ter the pound'

\ I Mastick: red, the pound Mechoacan, the pound*

Mercury fublimat. - the pound Mercury prfccipitat; the pound Methriaate Venetian, the pound MilUnm solis, the ponnd —

Mirabolane* dry, the pound Mirabolanes, condited the pound Mirtle berries the pound*+

Mummia, the pound Mulke, the ounce troy Muike cods, the dozen Myrrha, the pound Nygella, the ponnd —

Nytrum, the pound*»

Nutmegs contused, the pound Nux de benne, the pound Nuxcupreffi, the pound Nux indica, the piece Nux vomica, the pound Nardus Celtica, or Spica Romans, the)

lupoand^ — } vl.

Nux pmi or grana pini, the pound Olibanum or incense, the 112 pound

Opium, the pound -

Ofipium huirredem, the pound Orcant or almiet, the pound

Origanum, the pound -

90

>0

3

. ijd.

*&)t. iv ii

j*.

t*'

ifej s.

V)s. tiijd,9.

*) 8 Geo. 1. c. s

f*

IGco.i.c.

Anno duodecimo£aroli II. c. 4.

"Ofla de corde ccrvi, the pound Oylc of amtier, the pound Oyle of rosemary, the pound Oyle de bay, the 112 pound Oyle of mace or nutmegs, the pound Oyle de ben, the pound —

Pyle of (pike, the pound —

Oyle of'almonds, .'tae pound

Oy]e de scorpions, the pound Oleum petrolium, the pound Oleum turpentine, the pound Orabus, the pound w Orpmentoraanpimentum, iheiixpoutfd Panther, the pound Panis porcinus, wide cychmim;

Pearfe bfeaten, the ounce troy Pellitorie, the pound ——

Pepper long, the pound -

Perrosen, <uid$ franclunfcucc

Piony feeds; the pound ? -

Piftachias or ntix pifUchi*, the pound Pix Burgtmdbe, the 112 pound -Pollute motfcanum, the pound Polipo$ujn* the pound —

Polpegmaet pills, the j mb pound Poppie feeds, thf pound - — r-Precipitate, mercuiie precipitate Pfylliunj, the pound

1*66

viijd.

2

Q

t Geo. t. c.T5«

PyuneUW$ or-pruans of BruhoKa, the pound j t QuickGJver* wh argentum vivujn Rhapontikuto, the pound -

Radix efuje, the pound Reread* the 112 pound Rhabarbarum orrubarbe, the pound Rofalger, the pound, vide armiek RofTet, the pound Radix contra yerva, the pound Radix f^fjpnera, the pound Radix the pound

Sal aikaji* the pound

Sal armoniacum, the pound -

Sal gem, the pound.

Sal niter, the pound -

Sandracha, pr gum iandracha, or gjim junipep the hundred and twelve ponnd Sandiver, the 113 pound .....*

xiijs. iv d. ja.

xv] s. viijd.

Ji*

vj d; iijs. ivd. iij's. ivd. viijd. iv a.-

j s. viijd. viijd. j s. vj d.

VUJ s.

xs.

iijs. ivd. iij s. iv d,

ii.

S Geo. 1. c. 15.

Sanguis dracoms, the pound Sarlararilla, the pound' — --1 —

Sassafras wood or roots, the hundred and)twelve pound — — j

Saunders white, the pound----- j s.

Saunders yellow, the pound ----- ij s.

Saunders red alias dock, the 112 pound - iijj.l, Scamonie, vide diagredium."

Scincus paring the piece -- —; iiij d.

1660.] Anno duodecimo Caroli II.

m Scordium, the pound — — vj d.

Scorpions, the piece — — iij d,

Sebeftines, the pound' — j s.

Seeds for gardens of all forts* the pound — viij d.

Seler montantas, the pound --viij d.

Semen cucumeris, cucurb. cstrnl. jftelonthfe lb. viij cf. Sena, the pound- ij s. vjd.

SoldonefU, the pftfind — -- viij d.

Sperma cacti fine, the pound — v s.

Sperma cacti course oylie, the 112 pound — iiij 1. Spica celdca, vide nardus celtica, or (pica 7 Romana* — — < 3

5

- J*.

- yj s.'viij d.

- js. vjd.

- iij*. ivd. --- j 1. v

- iijs.' ivd. --- xd-

*0

to

2

Sanguis hirci, the pound —

Spicknard, the pound -

Spodium, the pound ——

Spunges, the pound —

SquilTa, the 112 pound ——

Squinanthum, the pound -

Stechados, the pound Staphisager, the 112 pound

Stibium, vide antfrnonium preparation Storax calamka, the pound Storax liquida, the pound Succus liquiridac, the pound Sulphur vivum, die pound Tamarindcs, die pound Terra lemma, the pound Terra figillata, the pound Thlafpii femen, the pound Tomiall, the pound —

Trodfci de vipera, the ounce troy Treacle common, the pound Treacle of Venice, the pound Turbith, the pound —

Turbith thapnae, the pound Turmerick, the pound —

Turpentine of Venice, Sdoor Cyprus the \ pound " —

Turpentine common, the 112 poupd

Talke white, the pound -

Talkegreen, the pound —

Yerdigreece, the pound —

Vernim, the x 12 pound Vermillion, vide cinabriuta

Vitriolum romanum, the pound ----- j s.

Vmber, the hundred weight, cont. impound j 1. Viscus quercinus, the pound - iv s.

White lead, the xiz pound»j 1.

Wormfeeds, the pound - — iij

Zedoaria, the pound — — iij s

Xylobalfamum, vide lentifcus -

All druggs imported directly from the place of their growth in BngHfh-built shipping, to be rated one third part of what is charged in the book of rates, and no more.

Diamonds, pearls, precious Hones and jewels, the ? hundred pound value — J

ivd. iv d.

S Geo. i* c. 15.

8 Geo. x. $15-

6 Geo. ii 7*

X5*

Eariings,

Anno duodecimo CAROii. c. 4#

Zi£6

*.E -

Barlings, the groce, cont. 12 dozen -

Brick (topes, by the thanked...

Flanders tiles to fcowr with, the thousfltod

Gaily dies, the foot r-t--

Paveing tiles, the thousand.

Tiles called pan tiles, the thousand

Is

1

W

All other forts of earthen ware not partial- larly mentioned, to pay for every twenty

L shillings value I a. 6cL — y t

Eggs, the hundred, cont, fix (core - -- — j Si viij d/

Elephants teeth, the-hundred, cont. 11.2 p6und ivL Emery done*, the hundred weight cont. 112 pound vi& a.

Ebony wood, the hundred weight; coat. 112 pound J4.

y&*W.3*

a so.

r f For corn, the piece. — »vj s» vi*j

S 1 of paper, the dozen. — - — rj viij a.

9 J for women and children Freti/ch-making;

L the dozen

f for beds* the 112 pound ivl.

if yi

iv^d^feathe^} i1*

.....«L

iji.

a

15 Car.i. c. 7, hfofe, 72»a/ a/7

English taken and brought in Enghfhflips > ought to say no customt as by tie fiat. 10. Eliz. Keg. cap. 5.

ivd. iv.d. rv d.

ivd.

Leftridge or oftridge dred, the pound

Feather-beds old or new, the piece. - --- ij 1. xiijs.

Felts for cloaks. French-making, three yards and an half long, one yard and an half > ivb

broad the felt»J

Fiddles for children, the dozen, -

Fire-shovels, the dozen -

Fire-shovel plates, the hundred weight coat. 112 lb,

Figuretto, the yard -

Files, the groce, containing twelve dozen f Cod-fim, the barrel -

\ Cod-fish, the lad, cont. twelve barrels < Cod-fish, the hundred, cont. fix score

I Cods-heads, the barrel -

LCole-fish, the hundred, cont. fix fade*j fPimper celes, the barrel f I Shaft, kine or dole eales the barrel 2 < Spruce eeles, the barrel Tt I Stub eeles, the barrel.!

{_ Quick eele?, the ships lading

Gull (uh, the barrel.

Haddocks, the barrel: r- — f white, full or (hotten.

iv «L

h

I*

cf \ white, full or (hotten, the lad# coni.5 < twelve oarreb -

S ] red, the cade, cont. 500 J. red, the lad, cont. 20 cade*

Lampreis, the piece

xv $4

XUfS.

XUj 3.

viij*«

1

y

xxijs.

iil;js. vuj lij s. i

J».

i*.

i 1; x*.'

ill-,

ij 1.j». TUJ&

XX \.

vj s. viij d, vjs*' viij d. the barrel — viij a# tv d.

I

vl.

viijs.iv<f.

Viij I. Vj s. viij d.

j.8.

Lings of all forts# the hundred, cant. &t (core iii 1« vjs. viij d. Newland ifh small, the h'und...co»t fix score x a.

Newland fidi, middle fort, the hund cont. 6 score-j h

Newland

'6 6a.] Aiwa 4na4edt Caroii tl.:

"Newland fbh great, the hand. cant. 6 feore j 1.. xs,

Salmon, the barrel — — — ij 1.

Salmon gifies, the barrel — -. — xv a.

Seale fish, pe.fish* — — xiij s. ivd.

'CropUng, the hand, cant. 6 feore — xuj #. iv CropUng the last, cont. iaoo I vjL xiij s. iyd.

- Lubfish, the hupd. cont fix (cane — j 1. v] $. viij id.

2 1 Lubfish, the last, cont. XOQD - xiij 1, vjs. viij d.

Titling, the hand- cont. fix feore — r vjs. vujcL ^Titling, the last, cont. 1000 ^Whiipng the barrel -

flannel, the yard

I

' covered with leather, the dozen T"

' covered with velvet, the do^en»-

of horn the dopen -

' Spruce, Muscovie, and all flax undrest, the hundredweight, cont. nz pound a — drest or wrought flax, the hundred we^g^t, ^containing 112 pound -

Steams to lead blood, the piece m/ ——

Flocks, the hundred weight, cont. 1x2 pound Flutes course, the groce, coat. 12 dozen Freeze of Ireland, the yard —

Frizado, the piece, cont. 24 yards " Arinins, the tymber, cont 40 skins

Badger skins, the piece -

Beare skins black or red, the piece.

Beare (kin* white, the piece Beaver skins, the whole piece Beaver w0mbes, thp piece —; —

"whitp taw'd, the hundred, cont. five (core skins

iij 1. vjs, viijdL iijs. iv d. j viij <|. vs.

I

I

black tawed, the dozen skins. — black untawed, the hundred, con v five } feore (kjns — - — j

Ponies the for, cont. 4 pains —

Navern, the hundred legs, cont five feore viifs. iiij d.

Rumney, the hund. legs, cont. five feore vjs* viii d, u untawed, the tymber, cont. 40 skins - vj s. viij d»

JS' tawed, the tymber, cont 40 skins — viij s.

34' fcafoned, the paine — j 1.

u the pame ----- — xijs. vj<k

skins, the hundred, cont five (core — ij I.

2 poults, the hundred, cont. five feore - j h £ J poults, the mantle — — vj s. iij <L

(^wombes, the paines or mantle ----- vj s. iij d.

Dokerers, the tymber, cont. 40 (kin9 --xiij a. ivd-

Fitches $ Ac tymber» £anU 40 skins — xiijs. tvd.

( the pane or mantle — — xijs. vjd.

{the black fox (kin — xl.

the ordinary (kin — f$. ivd.

the pain or mantle^ — — xva. I

wombes, poules, or pieces the pain — xs.

Foynes backs thedo2en — xiij s. ivd.

tFoynes tailes, the pain or mantle — xijs. vjd.

PnvnM

m.

i^mp Anno duodecimo Caroli II. c. 4; [166

of fpruc$ cor danfce the nest, containing)., three chete. — — J J.l. X. I.

painted the down

final] the piece

Chimney-back* j

China peafi?. $he pqun< jChizcls for joiners, the dozen -r Citterns, the doe^n.

- 11. I.'

1

- yj.a. my.

r. xuj*' iiij. d. iy Si ivd*/

eo.i.c.x5. Gocheneale c Ann. c. 8.

T»'

IL

f"the./mall hundred, containing fix-) <__'piaphonlt. \ /core, taefr'"ft*' -

dr j< the ring, jeont. two small hnodiw jj. 1. x.s. plapboard /the: great hundrodi, pc^t, twenty* j

vi idwy - ..r — r\

Clan cords the pair _ c, -r'j - -.. - v: f XUJ, »}, «u.4ii

'Cloakeiojf felt thejjiqc© ., -/ «|n J tj.l. '

All manner of jvooLeh clot bx. imported per>y>id. o wj, l.

' i'j

.'T \

t,

vj.Se

vjocatf S.jdy«r.

eneale the pound -

and Campeache co-|hepound,

Coals of Scodand tSe_ton '* i- -^yi.s.vii^d*

Ccover^Vith on; -

\coveried ^itftvel^'ljvidpjsea /^cW-rfrr^ iv.l. ? vm

1 - - _l! _: - - -A — - -1--- ——

' fyocatr &rty*j A coAetieaL ale^of alt fcr& j 'Sy^yeiler L chi«8ie»:

e _ m 'I

t«i\yith iron barsf At. threa.-fip^prs J- lj; xij. s.

hphhi the ne^, 7 Containing.rHree coffers w- xii^ a. w* d.

Lfliiflte&thB three roffers^j b': rm ?>«.

Comalhes. out of Tofk^y*-ithe piece ejrrrrrr-r'^fer wool the phir, old-or new' —: — rr Y*

of bone Jhjfc pound ... — , !;: V! if j ivta*

of box the groce^iffipt* jzdote* j x.s*

: lighiwSo^cOmbes the groce, co|igtie-

h

u

voc: 1

ing .1.2 dozen of home for barbers, the-dozs*. of ivorip, the pound

J vjvs. Tiij/d,

ij- i'X« A«: iv. s.

vocat. hdrfccombs, the dozen- —

Comfets the poturtd: v-tt.

v f.of iron-for carpenters, the dozen, ij, s,

Cfompaffesx.of! bprais, the dozen - ' > > iv. s.

Vr. t-fox ships, the dozen — vij. s. v>.i

r unsought.bricks^orplatfes round: or /quart,) 1

t \ L the hundred weight cont« nx, poundsV x, y.

Ann.c., «. §.<( or rofc copper. — '-J '

o J chaines, the.chaine - — r- ij. s.

tpurles or plate the marke^ ----- - vj. $. yiij, d.

Coppetais green jthe hundj-ed weighty cpnuining )

112 pound. — ----- --- — J XY#S*

Cordage or ropes tarred or untarred the hundred.)

' weight, containing jra pound " k'-- -7- J s'

Tories farbR 5 of irou thousand ----- -- vj. s. viij. d.

fOr t ?acks { of ficel the thousand --- j. 1. xiij.s. m d,

for Ihoemakerv the dozen piece$ — iv. s.

of all other Foils the hundred weight, con* f.

taining iu pound - \ ^vj.s.vuj.d.

Pn

t*

V.*

vjl^ viij. 4

iij. iy. d,

v. a.

f €6o.] Anno duodecimo Caroii IL c. 4;

- '"Wheat imported not exceeding the " price of five shillings six-pence the pt&ihel at the place of importation

bp4he bushel —

Whm it (halt exceed that rate by the i

quarter'-- - — r-

" Imported fiOt exceeding the price of tour shillings six pence the.boihel at the place of importation by the

bushel , — ---.

when it shall exceed that rate by thi '

quarter # r —

Imported, not exceeding the "

Beans V price Of three shillings fix Barley < pence the bushel at the place Iv.^L

Malt I of importation iij.s. iiij.<£ by\

L thebufltdi — )

When it shall exceed (hat rate, by the quarter - y, s.

Coverlets of Scotland, the piece. --- -- xv. a.

Counters of latin, the pound r-, j. s. 1

f laths thejpound — vHj. d.'

Crofbow < threed, the pound — viij.d,

(racks, the piece — - — x.s. f of (tone without covers, the hundred, \

Crufes d containing five (core - — , j*

( of done with covers, the hund.cont.5 score > 1. vj.s. vil^d.

Cufhians of Scotland, the dozen«£.«.

ij.1. x.s. uij.1. fc.s.

Cufhen-cloths J°nrfe' d(?enJ

( of tapeshy, the dozen

Cuttle bones, the thousand

lilt.

j.l.

v>- s, tiij.d.

Daggs with fire locks, or fnaphances, the piece j. L r blades, the dozen - ]»1. vj.

5 \ for children the dozen liij. s*

§g< of bone for children the dozen.- - ij. s.

o /black, with velvet (heaths, the dozen - iij.I.

I -^-1 — - -- iSj.l.

iiij.U

y. 1.

xij. I.

XV. 1.

iiij.S. v. s.

X. s.

i

with, velvet (heaths, the dozen T Meabro-deals, the hundred, cont. fix-fcoce \ Norway ideals, the hundred, cont. fix-score, < Burgendorp»djeals, the hundred, containing )

g I six-score --- — 1 )

p (Spruce-deals, the hundred, cont. six-score'w f or ftayes for books, the dozen

) for women to work on, covered with wool- 1

q J len, the piece -

(for women, covered with velvet, the piece

Dials

of wood, the dozen

(of

( of bone, the dozen Dimity, the yard 1-

Pogs of earth, the grace

- 111. s.

- Xlj.S.

cont. twelve dozen with caddas the piece, cont. fifteen yards with (ilk the piece, cont. fifteen yards.with wool the piece, cont. fifteen yards yith thred the piece, cont. fifteen yards

vuj. 4.

375.

5 Ann. C. t.

j Ann.-c. I.

17$

mix

Anno duodecimo Caroli II. C. 4.'

J French-making, the eU ( French-making, the yard

1660.

8* ?|» cl*

ij.s.

f (JPQ.I. C.I|.

e

2

h

bO

po:

Pugeon, the hundred pieces, containing five-score j. I Durance or j with thred, the yard Duretty \ with silk, the yard Patties, ' the piece -

" Acacia, the pound r: r

Acorus, the pound —

Adiadtuiii album, the pound Adiantum nigrum, the pound Agaricus or agarick, Pr P^fd, the)\

pound - -r 1 J

Agaricus rough or untun'd, tfyp pound — v. s. Agnus cadus feeds, the pound — i. s.

AficanetpoQts, the pound ----- -- — j. s.

ISSitElc

Aloes-cicotrina, the pound

Aloes-cpatica, the pound —

Allum jonifty or roch, the hundred* containing 112 pound - — — '

Amberjgreece oivk or grey, the ounce

Ameos feed, the pound -----7 — 7

Amomi feeds, the pound ----- r —

Anacardium, the pound ——

Angelica, the pound.----- #-ir —

Antimpniun> prudum, the hundred weight, ).«containing 112 pound - — J

Antimoniuxn preparatum or ftibium, the - pound — ' —

Argentum sublime or limum, the pound, or ^uickfilvey*- /--

Anftolochia longa and rotunda, the pound j iiij & Arsnick white or yellow, or rofalger, the)j-

pound. - — J

Alarum roots, the pound -» — j

Afpalathus, the pound — j s. yj d.

Ahafcetida, the pound ——

Almonds bitter, the hundred weight, cont.

112 pound ——

Alumen plume, the pound Balauftium, "ttye pound

Balfiynum artificial, the ppupd Balfamum natural, the pound Bay berries, the 112 pound Barley huld or French barJey,

pound (a) --.

BdeIJium, the pound -

Bcnalbum or rubrnm, the pound Benjamin of alj forts, the pound B^zer (lone of the East-fndia, the ounce j j

troy —

(*) 7 & 3 W. 3. c. xc.

Drflggs vocat.

1660.] Anno duodecimo Caroli II.

f Benner Aone of the West-India, the opnce troy — -111 — " J

Black leade, theuipound»-- jl. is.

Blata Bizantia, the pound^ — ij s.

Bolus communis, or armoniacus, thehun-

dred weight, cont. 112 pound, — J Bolus verus the pound, or fine bole»- viijd. Borax in paste or..unrefined, commonly) ..called Tuickull, the pound*UJ s' lva#

Borax refined, the pound

77

1

UJS.

xiij s.

Bunkins, holliwortles or piftolachia, the) A

pound; — p —:; — j l\s;

CsdJainus, the pound - — - viijd.

Camplure refined, the pound 1 - v s.

Camphue unrefined, the pound >'ij s. Vj d. Cancri oculus, the pound — xvs.

Cantarides, the pound

Caraway feed?, ffte I iapound Cardantomes, the pound Csupo bplfami, the pougd

uij d.

Carrabe, or fuccinpm, the pound

Carthamus feeds, the popnd -

Cafiia fistula, the pound, of all forts Cassia lignea, the pound

vs. # j 1. iv s. njs. ivs. js., viij d.

J*-

ji. viij d..xt.

jl. XI. vjs. viijd,

Yl,

Caftoreum or hevor cods, the pound Cerufta, the 1)2 pound.

China roots, the pound.

Ciceres white and red, the pound 1 —

Cipexps longus fc rotundas, the 112 pound jj. xiij s. ivid, Ciperus nuts, thepoupd - -- vlij.d.

Civet, the ounce troy. — ' ij 1.

Coculus Indiae, the pound 7 — — ij s.

Coloquintida, the pound --- — — ij s.

Coral, red or white in fragments, for phy-?

ficaluse, the pound 5 — --- J ujs. ivd.

Coral whole, the pound — — j L

Coriander feeds, the one hundred and?.

twelve pound — J J

Cortex guaci, the 1x2 pound — iij I.

Cortex caperum, the pound. ----- j g.

Cortex tamerifei, the pound, — — yiij d.

Cortex mandragorae, Uie pound ----- ij s.

Cofcus dulcis and amarus, the pound.- j s. viii d.

Cubebs, the pound — .....j s, ivd.

Cumminfeed, the 1x2pound* j 1. xiy« % ivd.

Cufcuta, the pound — — — j s.

Cyclamen or panis porcinus, the pound — ij s.

Citrago, the pound — j s.

Cetrach, the pound — - j s.

Cinabrum or vermilion, the pound ----- ij s. vj d.

C white, the 112 pound»- — ijl.

Copperas < blew, of Danike or Hungary, ).

I the ns pound — J J

Cambogium or gutta gambar, the pound - iij s. iv d. Chrystalin broken pieces for physick uses, per lb. iij s. iv d.

' ' % , r "'Carlina,

Anno duodecimo Caroli II.

"Carlina, the^onrid

Carolina the pO'uffd " rri»

Cortfar whiteranus7 the pound Daucuscreti'ciis, the pound

Jgiagyediam hrfcaihbny, p6und

wp^.- te'^zs*

Dprcmicum, the pound — 1 —

Eleboruf albas and Htger, the pound

t^ithdnidm, the pound -

die proud-Euphorbium^ the pound Fennel ftfeds, the pound Fenqgreek; The f 12 pound Fh&t, tMrpourid- J-Folium IndiS; the podfid

Fox lung?; the gStmd -

Frjbldndehfe" "oT FTSfftF or Pifrrof&i, the U2 p6und*- — r-, -

Galbannhi, the pound Galanga, die pound General? the pound Gentling the pound: -

Gifc&y pdpper, the pound Grana pin*, the pound Green gih^er, the pound" -

Gum' arami/ the pound Gum arjtioniack, 'Thejjound GuiA Guilin1*, the pound Gum trdgagant, the pound '

Gum elemni, f^e pound Gum hederjE, the" pound -Gum lack, the pound Ja)

Gum opopaijax, the pound Gum larOocot, the" p<fund"

Gum ferapinum the pound, or ftgapehum Gum taccamahaccae; thepbuhd*

Grana tinftofaffi--- — "

Grain*-of Guinejr jbr French grain*

112 pound -i- —

GumArabeck, or gum'Seneca, the Run dred and twelve pound J| aJ-

Gum fandrake, or gum juhiperi, the hundred and twelve pound Gttm guiaci, the pound —

Gum caramen, the pound —

Hermoda&ilus, the pound -

Hypocidis; the pound -

Horns of harts or Hags, the hundred Incenfcor olibanum, the nrpbun4

Treos, the 112 pound -

Ifonglass, the 112 pound (a)

Jujubes, the pound -

Jolop, the pound -

Juniper berries, the ita pound

[*6Soi

(f) 8 Geo. 1. c. ij.

Labdanym

OQ.

)] Anno duodecimo Caroli II. c. 4.

Labdanuijl Ur Laasdonum, the pound — js.

Lapis Odlasmaans, Dm ii* poond ftjfc, viij.

Lapis Hematui*, the pound'1 j s,

Lapis judaiens, dts pound Lapis lazulfc Uss-pound

Lapis tutjgy th» poanrl - — t n .., j w. roAs, thejbound-i-eaves violator downs*, the pound - riijd.

Lynrifcus oi yylohalfamnm, the pound — js. viij <£.

Lignu*» alttsr-th* pound.

I Lignum jUphaltoai, the pound Lignum thadinm, the 1i-» pound Lignum vittfc, the , u a psuatd,

Litharge, of gold, the 112 pound-Litharge of hives, the 112 ]

Locuftj thfc pouad Lupines, the ua-pound Lentills, the pound Lapis contravenes, the ounce

Lignum nephredcum, the pound Madder K>ttSr--e* rubes dnfonftn, pound (*)*M-

Manna, tile pound- -

Marmelade, the pound -Mastick whiter-the pound Mafticlc red# the pound ——

Mechoacan, the pound'

Mercury fublimau the pound Mercury pnbeipitat. the pound Methridate Venetue, the pound Millions folia, the pound ——

Mirabolaner dry, the pound Mirabolanes, condited the pound Mirtle berries the pound

Mummia, the pound '>*

Muflce, the ounce troy Mode cods, the dozen Myrrha, theponnd -

Nygella, the pound — 1 -

Nytrum, the pound

Nutmegs condited, the pound Nux de benne, the pound Nox enpreffi, the poond Nux inaica, the piece -

Nux vomica, the pound — .

Nardus Celtica, or Spiw Romans, the ]

1 iz pound.

Nux pmi or grsrna pini, the pound '

Olibanum or incense, the 112 poond ——

Opium, theponnd -

Oupium huirredem, the pound —

Orcant or almiet, the pound -

o^s^, n

Origanum, the pound —

C

Ofla

m) t Geo. x. c.

h

i-

37*

2

8e

G«o.i.c. tf.

So<

2

o

S Geo. i. c. 15.

Anno duodecimo Caroli II.

*Ofla dc cofde.cervi, the pound Oyle of amber, the pound

Oyle of rosemary, the pound Oyle de bay, the 112 pound Oyle of mace or nutmegs, the pound Oyle de ben, the pound —

Pyle of (pike, the pound Oyle of'almonds, 'the poraid

Oyle de fcorpfons, the pound

Oleum petrolium* the pound Oleum turpentine, the pound '

Orabus, the pound

Orpment or auripigmentum, the m pound Panther, the pound U* —

Panis poncing*, wtdr cyckmor Pearfebfeaten, the ounce troy Pellitdrie, the pound -

Pepper long* Ae pound- -

Perrosen, nridt franckinfence'-Piony feeds*' the pound

Piflachias or nox piftndiim, the pound-Pix Burgtfcdi*, the 112 pound -

PoUnto rootfanum, the pound r

Polipodlmn*he pound < r -Pqfrcgranet pills, the j vt pound-Popps feeds, the pound - — r- —

Prseeijptate, veUU mercujrie precipitate — PfyUiunu the pound -«.«, — viij d.

PyuheUaies or-pnian* of Bnmolxa, the pound j t Quicksilver* wdr argentum unrupi — Rhapontikutn, the pound — — xiij s.

Radix efuje, the pound -Reread* the 112 pound Rhabarbarupaor ruoarbe, the sound Rofalger, the pound, vide armiek RofTet, the pound — r

Radix contrt yerva, the pound Radix fc^jonerar the pound -Radix the pound -

Sal a^ali, the pound -Sal armoniacum, the pound

Sal gem, the pound v Sal niter, the pound -

Sandracha or gum fendrache, or gum 1.

junipeyi the hundred and twelve pound j *Sandiver, the 119 pound — .-i-.-xs

Sanguis draconis, the pound Samrnrilla, the pound '

Sassafras wood or roots, the hundred and )

[x66<

iv

viijd.

!'.. XV s.

viijd.

ivd.

ill.

viijd.

d.

ivd. )s.

xv\ s. viijd.

n*

vj d;

His. ivd. iij's. iv d. viijd. iv s.*

j s. viij d. viij d. j s. vj d.

viij s.

!. ivd. s. ivd.

I Geo. x. c. 15.

twelve pound Saunders white, the pound Saunders yellow, the pound Saunders red alias dock, the 112 pound Scamonie, vide diagredium —

Scincus paring the piece —

iiij d.

S$ordimat

1660.] Anno duodecimo Caroli II. ^4;

' Scordium, the pound — — vj d.

Scorpions, the piece — — iijd.

SchefHnes, the pound — j s.

Seeds for gardens of all forts, the pound — viij d. Seler montanbs, the pound - viij d.

Semen cucumeris, cncurb. dtrul.shelonthfe lb. viij d.

Sena, the pound- — ij s. vjd*

SoldoncfU, the pound — viij d.

Sperma cacti fine, the pound v s.

Sperma cacti course oylie, the 112 pound — iiij I. Spica celdca, vide nardus celtica, or fpica 7 Romama — i

r$*i

Sanguis bird, the pound* —

i Spicknurd, the pound —

' Spodium, the pound —

Sponges, the pound — Squilla, the 112 pound -

Squinanthum, the pound — Stechados* the pound — Staphisager, the 112 pound Stibium* atide antsmoniam preparation Storax calamita, the pound - Storax licpiida, the pound jj I Succus liquiritiae, the pound K 1 Sulphur vivum, the pound —

So

bo

e

o

Tamarindes, the pound Terra lemnia, the pound Terra figillata, the pound Thlafoii femen, the pound

Torn Jail, the pound -

Trocxfci de vipera, the ounce troy Treacle common, the pound Treacle of Venice* the pound Turbith, the pound ——

Turbith thaphae, the pound Tunnerick, the pound —

Turpentine of Venice, Sdo or Cyprus the 7 e

pound S }

Turpentine common, the 112 poupd — x s. Talke white, the pound — vj d.

Talke green, the pound — ij s.

Yerdigreece, the pound — »--js. viij d.

Vermin, the x ra pound ij 1.

Vermillion, vide cinabriuin -

Vitiiolum romanum, the pound — } s.

Vmber, the hundred weight, cont. impound jl.

Viscus querdnus, the pound iv s.

White lead, the 112 pound - - j 1.

id -

Wormfeeds, the pound ----- — iij s.

Zedoaria, the pound — — iij s.

MXylobalfamum, vide lentifcus

All druggs imported directly from the place of their growth in English-built shipping, to berated one third part of what is charged in the book of rates, and no more.

Diamonds, pearls, precious Hones and jewels* the 7 hundred pound value — — -J

iv d. ivd.

xs.

S Geo. i. C'i5»

t Geo. t. <^15.

fi Geo. , c. 7.

Eartings,

Si

Anno duodecimo Caroli II. c.

E -

Barlings, the groce, cont. 12 dozen j 1/

"Brick Hopes, by the thousad ,; i- -r j 1.

Flanders dies, to fcowr withr-the thousa&d.ij I.

Gaily tiles, the fjbot t tj-- -r4-r- j s.

f Paveing tiles, the thousand - — id 1.

§ j Tiles called pan dies, the thousand — viij I.

£ I All other forts of earthen warp not particu-1 w I larly mentioned, to pay far wary twenty

L shillmgs value is. 6<L -).

Eggs, the hundred, cont. fix score - --- j si viij d/

Elephants teeth, the-hundred, cont. 112 pOund.xvJL Emery Bones, the hundred weight cont. 112 pound viij s. Ebony wood, the hundred weight/ cont. 112 pound j $,

7*W.3*

c; so.

loaen. —

ST for'women and children FfeOjch-makang, 11 L dozen — v-

viij d* viij

i

I

15 Car.s. c. 7.

Note, That11 forts of fish Englijfh taken and brought in English jarpt) ought to pay no cufltm % as by the fiat. 10. Eliz. Keg. cap. 5.

les,

I

xv d.

iv. d.

hrd.

f For com, the piece.

1 of paper, the dozen.

1 1 for women and chil "ic dozen

{for beds, the 1x2 pound

efiridge or oflridge died, the pound ij 1.

Feather-beds old or new, the piece — ijl. xxijs. ivA

Felts for cloaks. French-making, three yards! and an half long, one yard and an half

broad the felt»)

Fiddles for children, the dozen.

Fire-shovels, the dozen.

Fire-shovel plates, the hundred weight oont. nzjlb.

Figuietto, the yard.

Files, the groce, containing twelve dozen ^Cod-fim, the barrel Cod-fish, the last, cont. twelve barrels Cod-fish, the hundred, cont. fix fcorc

Cods-heads, the barrel ..... — 111

Cole-fish, the hundred, cont. fix fade — j I,

«s fPimper eeles, the barrel - — jl.

f I Shaft, kine or dole eeles the baxteL j 1; g < Spruce eeles, the barrel — ij 1.

*2 1 Stub eeles, the barrel ! ij h if s.Hj d.

tQ«ick eele?, the Blips lading — ----- xx h

Gullmh, the barrel. -J--- vjs. viijd.

Haddocks, the bafrel: — ua; — vjs*' viijd,

white, full or fhotten, the barrel — vfijs.' ivd. liite, fall or fhotten, the last* cont.)j twelve 'barrels — - — j

the cade, cont. 500- — viij s. ivd.

[.red, the last, cont. 20cade* % - Viij 1. vj5, viijd.

Lampreis, the piece - j s.

Lings of all forts* the htmdred, cont. fuj: score iii 1. vj s* viijd. New land f.ih final!, the bund., cont fix score x s*

Newland fish, middle fort, the hund cont. 6 score* j h

: .*Newland

iv h

iv Si xiijs. xiijs. viij s.

ijl-

xiij s. hr d.

viijl.

ill, J*. vuj

I

111 s.

xs.

u Haddocks, 1 >, f white,3.1 white, S 'g < twell 3 I red. tl*f tto

>1 Anna dap&cwflP Cakoli il.; cf.4.

Newland fish great, the hun4« cont. 6 fcorc j 1. xaf Salmon, thp barrel — r — — i] 1-

Salmon girks, the barrel — — xys.

Seale fish, tpe.fish* — xiij s.

g rCropUng, the bund. cont. 6 (core > Cropping the lall, copt. iood <S J Lubfish, the hupd. copt. fix (cose 2 j Lubfilh, the last, cont. ioqo g Titling, the hand* cont. fix (core I <£ LTitling, the last, cont. 1600 -

LWhining the barrel -

nnel, the yard -

covered with leather, the dozen covered with velvet, the do^en of horn the dopen -Spruce, Muscovie, and all flax undref^, thje hundredweight, cont. 112 pound — drest or wrought flax, the honored weag^V

_ containing 11a pound «', ...

jams to lead blood, the piece; -

acks, the hundred weight, cont. 1x2 pound iites course, the grace, coat. 12 dogen — eeze of Ireland, the yard -

izado, the piece, cont. 24 yards

ivd, xiij s. Ivd, vj L xiij s. ivd. jl. vj. viijd. xiij U vjs. viij <L. yj s. viij <L iijl. vjs, viijd* iijs. iv d.

j »- viijd*

vs.

xvL

ijd.

Hi.

I1-.

ix d.

viij L

Armins, 'the tymber, cont 40 skins; ----- ij 1.

Badger (kinp, the piece ----- — ij s.

Beare skins black or red, the piece.- — r i 1*

Beare skins white, the piece --ij, L

Beaver skins, the whole piece — vj s. viij d*

Beaver wOmbes, the piece —: — v r- j^viij d; "white taw'd, the hundred, cont. five 7.|*

(core skins — — — i

black tawed, the dozen skins ----- j L yj s. viijd*

& black untawed, the hundred, con v five

iijl. xs.

8

r

CM

(bore skins

Ponies the £ur, cont. 4 pains — - j l.

Navern, the hundred legs, cont five (core viijs. iiij d- Romney, the hund. legs, cont. five score vjs. viij d, untawed, the tymber cont. 40 skins - vj s. viij d, tawed, the tymber, cont 40 skins — viij s. seasoned, the paine - j — j l.

0 (fagg, thepaine r-- — xijs. vjd*

skins, the hundred, cont five (core — ij 1.

poults, the hundred, cont. five score - jh

poults, the mantle --- — — vj s. iij <L

wombesr, the paines or mantle ----- vjs. iij d.

Dokerers, the tymber, cont. 40 skins --xiijs. ivd.

- J the tymber, cant* 40skins xiijs. ivd.

*( the paine or mantle — xij s. vj d.

f the black fox (kin — — xl.

§ \ the ordinary (kin -« — — js. ivd.

jg the pain or mantle — - xv s. I

twombes, poules, or pieces die pain — x s.

Foyncs backs the dozen — — xiij a. iv d.

iFoyncs tailes, the pain or mantle — xijs. vjd.

Foynes

'Atari duodecimo GadMtfB.'6a£ [^kSE

"with tailci/tJw piece - "* -^.i#0-fcriL.

without thetailes, the pitte, *riv8.^" I

mw, the piece — --» v -'*- f»*r l

poults, the hundred, cofcfc. fivefcot^e ^$1jf. viij d. wombs fcafoned, die pain 6rma»t{b^ - arSj d

wombs flag, the jjaih oi1 mantle — xvs.

Vun^ed, the timber, cant* forty

tawed the timber, cont. 40 flans -

black, raw the skin' black, seasoned the skin gray, raw the skin — Bgrar, seasoned the skin

jr"

xi/Si yj d. xv|tt viij <fc*

iij's.*

if

vlijs. iv 4#

yj $.*.jl. vs»

vL

ijl. XS-r X U

lx L xs. xij s.

inj dr

a

a

a

U*

I tawed, the tymber, cont. 40 skins-cwu f unuwed, the timber, cont. 40 skins Leopards skins the piece ——

Leopards wombs the palne -

Lewzemea skins, the piece — r- —

" the tymber, cont. 40 skins. —

L ain or mantle -

the pain or mantle» -

the tymber, cont. 40 skins >.*-s, the hundred cont. five score — ij).

Miniver, the mantle - — *iij s.

Minkes unuwed, the timber cont. 40 skins iijj.-Minlces uwed, die timber cont. 40 skins — iv 1.

Monle skins, the dozen--- vj d<

Otter skins, the piece — vs.

Ounce Huns* the pieceij s< vi dr

Sables of all forts* the tymber cont/ 40 skins xxx 1.

Weazle skins, the dozen ivd.

Wolf skins tawed, the piece ----- 4 — Jl. xj*

Wolf skins unuwed, the' piece f 1/ flj s.

Wolyerings, the piece — — xij 3. vj dr

"Amsterdam, Holland or Dutch ftiftians the*>

piece cont. 2 half pieces, of i f yards > viij I. ' the half piece* — J

Barmihans, the piece coitt. two half pieces viij 1.-

Cullen fustians, the piece cont. two half pieces viij 1. Holmes and Beverncx fustians, thebalecont. I

45 half pieces —

Holms and Bevemex fustians, the piece t

cont. two half pieces <)uj I. xsr /

Jeane fustians, the piece cont. two half pieces iii 1. vij s. Millain fustians, the piece containing two

half puces — --- i;

Naples fustians, tripe or Velure plain, the'.

half piece cont. seven yards and half ] ' 1V*

lxxjH/

Naples fustians, tripe or vekire plain, the,

piece cunt. 15 yard — j

Naples fustians, tripe or veltire plain, the yard Naples fustians wrought voc. Sparta Velvet, the half piece cont. 7 yards and half Naples fustians wrought, -or Sparta velvet L the yard. —

viij I>

XS.

vj 1/

xvj.s*

Fustians

r66o*] Amo duodedtoo CaAoli If. c. 4.

{OArnw or Avnftt fbftiftBSi the biccc ? y

emit, two half pi«CM; ----- fnrl, x*'

with th» yar* — — s.

jrf weiu^l tht pweceet. two half pieces 1.

F ufles of cloves, the -pound — Sjs. vjd.

' G

Gadza of slHbrtswithout sold or silver, the yard Gads* stript withhold or mver, the yard --- v s

Gallydifl*, thad^zen Garnets

I finafl r&ugh, the pound finali or great, cut, the pound

iijl.

viijd.

fjd.

Gantlets, the pair, — ' — ivs*

Garten of silk French-making, the dozen pair - Hj 1*

Gaults, the hundred weight cont. 112 pound (a) ij I.

Gimlets for vintners, the dozen — yiijs.

"of cruel, the groce Cont. 1* dozen* — ijl* xiijs. ivd.

' of leather the groce cont* 12 dozen — iy 1. rj s. vilj d« of silk, a the dozen — y U

of velvet, the dozen -- — iiijl.

of woolen, the dozen* — j 1. tlj 4.

Lof counterfeit gold and silver, the dozen — J1.

Glades for f Burgundy white the chest (b) — iij I. xr 7.

Burgundy coloured, the chest — v I. vs. Normandy white, the case 8 — j 1. xs. Normkndy coloured, the case — iij I. xv Jr*

O

windows roc.

Glaflcs for^ windows

1 Rheniih the way or Web, cont. 60 ? bunches — *j

ivld xs*

Mttfcdvy glafi or dude, the pound - Ij s. fVenicd drinking gl&ffes, the dozen xviij I.

Drinking

Flanders drinking glades, the hun-. m t di-fed glafies -

glaflbSp vbc* Scotch and Frenth drinking glas-fes, thehund. cont, five lcore Lconrfe drinking glaflks, the dozen

{Burning glades, the dozen -

Balmeglass, the noce cont. ti dozen

Vials, Sie hundiedcOnt. five score---

Water glades, the dozen

ji-

vs*

U0

'J

8

1-1

halfpenny wale, thegroce cont. 12 dozen - vfijs. penny ware, the groce cont* 12 dozen — xvj s.

of fieel small, the dozen - xiij s', iiij d.

of.fteellarge» — - ---1 — Jl. vj s. viij d.

of chrlfial small, the dozen under Nd6. — Jl. xs. of ehriftal middle fort, the dozen N° 6. — lii 1.

of christal small, the dozen N° 7, 8, 9, 10. vj |; of christal; the dozen N° 11, 12. - - jmrl.

f of Flanders making ctfurfe, the groce ? cont. 12 dozen —; ----- J }

XV s.

Hj s* liss.

vys. Vjd. Xvs.*

Houre 1

glades of Flanders making, the dozen fine - j I.

(. of Venice making, the dozcif — lii J. Glass done plates, for speoacles rough the dozen il.

*of christal feral!,under N° 6.

Glass plates or fights for looking glas-fis unfits.

lates f°

the dozen

of christal, N# 6. the dozen - — ij 1. of Christal; N* 7, 8, 9, 10. the dozen ivt. ofchristal, N° 11, 12. the dozen xxx 1,

(m) 8 Geo. i. c. 15. (b) 7 U % W. j, c. 20.

Yoi. VII. C 0

Glafi

17$

jornix

Anno duodecimo Caroli II. C. 4/

J French-making, the ell ( French-making, the yard

[1660.

t

jj. s. Yj.d*

ij. si

10W.|. c.if.

t 7i

SP

Xh

Q

vj. s. viij.d,

x f

h.b

wj., js.

viij.d,

vj d.

Aea.,

Alkanct fOQts, $he

Alchemes

fyrrup the pound I confe&io, the ounce

pugcon, the hundred pieces, containing five-score j. L Durance or ( with three, the yard Duretty f, with silk, the yard Patties, the piece —

'Acacia, the pound rr*-r

Acorns, thepqund -

Adiarituih album, the pound Adiantum nigrum, the pound Agaricus or agaric); , flr^n'4 pr parpd, the)\

pound - - 7- j

Agaricus rough or unttjm'd, tty? pound —

Agnus callus feeds, the pound — — r*j. s.

- J.

- y VJ. 8. Vtfj. <L

- iiij. s.

Aloes-cicotrina, the pound - y. s.

Aloes-epatica, the pound — — ij. s.

AUum roniih or roch, the hundred# con- ' taining 112 pound 7 — -# — i —

Ambergreecs hUpk or grey, the ounce

Ameos feed, the pound — 7

Amomi feeds, the pound ..... — V

Anacardium, the pound -

Angelica, the pound, -rr-i w

AnUmonium crud.um, the hundred weight, ?.

containing x 1 2 pound - - J J

Antimonium preparatum or ftibium, the pound -

Argentum sublime or limum, the pound, or quicksilver -

Anftolochia longa and rotunda, the ppund j s. iiij d. Arsnick white or yellpw, or rofalger, the j jy: ^pound 1 — 1

Alarum roots, the pound - j s

Afpalathus, the pound — j s. vj d.

Alla feetida, the pound — — j s. ij d;

Almonds bitter, the hundred weight, cont.)

112 pound -

Alumen plume, ths pound jjs.

Balauftium, "the pound — ijs. yjd.

Balfamum artificial, the pound — — iij s. liijd.

Balfamum natural, the pound Bayberries, the 112 pound

Barley huld or French barfey, the }l zl: i

pound (a)'.J 1

Bdeljium, the pound -

Bcnalbum or rubrush, the pound -

Benjamin of all forts, the pound -

B^zer (lone of the Ealt-India, the ounce troy — t J

X3.

xiij s. iiij d«

if s. vj d. ijs: vs*

iijl.

(a) 7 Sc Z W. 3. c. 20.

vocat.

1£6e.] Anno duodecimo Caroli II. c. 4;

fBcaserftone of the.West-India, the ojroce Xf/

Blade'leade, the xi 2-pound 1 »*; .-- jj} x*;

Blata Bisantia, the pound — ij

Bolus communis, or armoniacus, thehun-1

dred weight, cont. 112 pound, .----- J

Bolus verus the pound, or fine bole — viij d.

Borax in paste or unrefined, commonly).#«.

called Tinckull, the pound ----- -1 "J8, " f

Borax refined, the pound t^xiij s. iiij d*

ij s. Y) d*

1

Bunkins, holliwortlcs or piftolacjhia, the J

pound '_______ s-

Callamus, the pound.

Camplure refined, the pound Camphire unrefined, the pound Cancri oculus* the pound Cantarides, the pound

Caraway feec^s, the impound Cardamomes, the popnd Carpo balsemi, the pound.-7 — Carrabej or fuccinpm, the pound J Carthamus feeds, the popnd. —

Cassia fistula, the pound, of all forts Cassia lignea, the ppund

f?

P

viijd.

vs.

ij s. Vj d.

IV. S.

vs.

jL ivs.

lij s. ivs. js. viijd.

j S. vjd.

j s. viij d«. xs.

j 1. X s. vjs. viij d,

Caftoreum or hevor cods, the pound Cerufia, the ij2 pound _ — r —

China roots, the pound

Ciceres white and red, the pound r

Cipems longus k rotundas, the nz pound ji xiij s. ivid, Ciperus nuts, the poupd

Civet, the ounce troy -i- — ij 1.

Coculus Indue, the pound — ij s.

Coloquintida, the pound; , — .»'. ij s.

Coral, red or white in fragment, for phy-

ficaluse, the pound ----- — J uis- lvd*

Coral whole, the pound j 1.

Coriander feeds, the one hundred and 7 twelve pound —

Cortex guaci, the 112 pound Cortex caperum, the pound Cortex tamerifei, the pound

Cortex mandragorae, me pound Cofcus dulcis and amarns, the pound Cubebs, the pound —

Cumminfeed, the 112 pound —

Cufcuta, the pound —

Cyclamen or panis porcinus, the pound — ij s.

Citrago, the pound — j s.

Cetrgch, the pound — »j s.

Cinabrum or vermilion, the pound — ij s. vj d.

f white, the 112 pound*ij 1.

Copperas < blew, of Danfke or Hungary,]

# I the 112 pound -JLII J* 9'

Cambogium or gutta gambae, the pound - iij s. iv d. ChryftaTm broken pieces for physick uses, per lb. iij s. iv d.

'r'* Carlina,

B

P

Anno duotfeciino CauqliII. C.

"Carlina, the^onod ', i1' '*'

Carolina the pOultf*" " 1 — "

Cortfer whiteranu^ the pound s* Daucuscreticus, the pound

J&is$redium irftaih&ny, ' rtti^ pound

j thefeWid 1

Drptawms. fheptWdd

Dpronicum, the pound- -

Eleboru? albas and Htger, the pound — 'EpilhdnUim, the pound..- —

therpemnd- -i

Euphorhium* the pound —

Fennel ftids, thTpound*

Fenugreek, ThTIfa COTnfl Flwjr, the pound > , bui.

Folium Indhe, the potSfid

Fox lungp, the pound -

Frtnldncehle' 'tfr" FF5S7T or Pafitcfib', the i 112 phunrt -

Gal ban nhi, thF pShnd

Galanga, the pound: V. -i--

Generalthe"pound -: — r —

GetftUn*, the pBund^.

Gtnhjr pepper, the pound Grana plnae, the pound

Gret^i gtnge^ the pound -U

Gum; amnfi/the" pound----- — iL

Gum anhloniack, iheponnd* Guii feuiiinW, the pduhd — - — 1

Gum tragagant^' the pound - "

Gum elemni, tjke pound - — -l »* —

Gum hederay the"pouricT

Gum lack, $he pbund ?a) -

Gum opopahajr, the pound Gum fardocoV the pouncT Gum fera^inum the pound, or fagep^faum Gum taccamahaccae; the'pbuhd: -

Grana tinftoruifT -

Grains-of Guinejrjbr French grains^ the 112 pound' -

GumArabeck, or gum Seneca, the Bun dred and twelve pound "|> fiit^ Gumfandrake, or gum ju'niperi, die hundred and twelve pound '

Gum guifeci, the pound*--Gum caramers, the pound -

Hermoda&ilus, the pound — Hypociftis, the pound 1 -

Horns of harts or Hags, the hundred Incense-or olibanum, die nrpban4

Ireos, the 112 pound -

Ilonglass, the 112 pound (a) —

Jujubes, the pound —

Jolop, the pound -

Juniper berries, xhe 112 pound —

(a) 8 Geo. 1, c. 1

[a 660

Labdanunj

rir

1660] Anno duodecimo Caroli II. c. 4.

'Labdanuut tfr I*aoadonum, the pound - j's.

Lapis Callanunans, the x 12 pound - rYJ s*. vi^ Lapis Hettatitis, die -pound 1 J

Lapis jud^icus, she pound. — - j s*

Lapis lazuli^ die pound...: 1 - x 8m.

Lapis cutpey the pound ie*

t ' 1 of roies, the pound- j a.

of violator flowers, the pound - yiijd. Lyndfcus. 01 xylobalfamum, the pound — J vifli Lignum alees^- the pound

Lignum jfthaUunij ahe pound Lignum thodiam^ the u-a pound Lignumyitte, thexiepoott f\

Litharge, of gold, the 112 pound*

Litharge of filvet, the 112 pound Locyftj thtipoond- — f

Lupines* the impound -

Lentills, the pound -

Lapis contraiverva, die ounce

Lignum nepnreticum, the pound

Madder roots, an jufaea riaftorwii,

pound (*J —

Manna, the pound

Marmcladey the pound -

Mastick wihite^the pound*d}s. 'irdi

MafHck red# the pound Js* a.

Mechoacan, the pound'

SqV Mercury fublimau the pound Mercury pmcipitat. the pound - Methridate Vcnettse, the pound Miliium iblis, the pound Mirabolanesdry, the pound Mirabolancs, oondited the pound Mirtle berries the pound

Mummia, the pound

Mufke, die -ounce tsoy Mufke cods, the dozen Myrrha, the pound — t-

Nygella, the pound —

Nytrum, the pound

Nutmegs confuted, the pound Nux de benne, the pound -Nuxcupreffi, the pound Nux inaica, the piece —

Nux vomica, the pound

Nardus Celtica, or Spies. Romana,

HZ pound.

Nux pmi or grana pini, the pound -Olibanum or inccnfe, the 112 pound

m

X1JS*

Opium, One

the pound

pium huirredem, the pound

Orcant or almiet, the pound

amm* ointment* the pound Ormge flower^jjg*

Origanum, the ponnd

r

'*) t Geo. 1. c.

Ofla

428 Anno duodecimo Caroli II. c. 11. [1660.

ever kind or degree, civil or criminal, the injury is supposed t< be; and that no mention be made thereof in time to come, ii judgment or judicial proceedings.

The penalty

XXIV. And to the intent and purpose that all names ai* upon any-per- terms of distinction may be likewise put into utter oblivion, b wkh^three lt ^urt^cr enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any perfa yearsufe any or Persons, within the space of three years next ensuing, (hi words of re- presume maliciously to call or alledge of, or object against an proach or dif- other person or persons, any name or names, or other words grace, tending reproachy any way tending to revive the memory of the late dif memory of* fences, or the occasions thereof, that then every such peribi the late dif- so as aforesaid offending, shall forfeit and pay unto the part Jcrences. grieyed, in case such party offending shall be of the degree ofi gentleman or above, ten pounds; and if under that degree, thi ium of forty shillings; (2) to be recovered by the party grieved by action of debt to be therefore brought in any of his Majesty'courts of record, wherein no essoin, protection or wager of Ian shall be allowed, or any more than one imparlance, so as the same action be commenced or prosecuted within six months next after the offence committed 5 (3) and if the jury sworn to try any issue or issues that shall be joined in such action, shall find for the plaintiff, they shall likewise give to every such plaintiff forty shillings damages over and above the penalty aforesaid.

Persons plot-

XXV. Provided always, That this act, or any thing therein ting or design- contained, shall not extend to give any benefit unto any person ing jje Ini or persons who have had any hand in the plotting, contriving or ccpted n CX" designing the great and heinous rebellion of Ireland, mentioned a6Car.i. c. 33.n onc act passed in the parliament begun at Westminster the third day of November in the sixteenth year of King Charley intituled, An act for the speedy and effectual reducing of the rebels is his Majesty's kingdom of Ireland to their due obedience to his Myeft and crown of England, or in aiding, assisting or abetting the famej (other than such as by another ad intended hereafter to be passed shall be therein named, mentioned or expressed to be pardoned ,) nor to endure to restore to any person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, (other than the marquess of Or-mondy lord steward of his Majesty's houshold, and other the protefonts of Ireland and their heirs, and such other person and persons, as in apd by an act intended hereafter to be passed shall be therein named, mentioned or expressed in that behalf) any estate, liberties, franchises or hereditaments in England or Ireland, sold or disposed of by both or either houses of parliament, or any convention a (Turning the stile or name of a parliament, or any person or persons deriving authority from them or any of them, pr which was approved or confirmed by them or any of them; nor to the mean profits, repts or contingencies or advantage of the same.

Every person

XXVI. And it is further provided and enacted, That every

pardoned may person or persons hereby pardoned, may plead the general issue plead the ge- without special pleading of this pardon, and give this act of par-neral liiue. evidence for his discharge? and that the same shall be

there-

1660.] Anno duodecimo Caroli II. c. 11. 229

hereupon allowed, and the advantage thereof had as fully to all ntents and purposes, as if the same had been fully and well ileacted, and in such manner as any justice of the peace, con-liable or other officer, questioned for matters acted by them as officers, or in execution of their offices, may have advantage of the matter of their justification upon the general issue by them pleacted, by the laws and statutes of this kingdom.

XXVII. Provided also, That this act, nor any thing therein Theft* and fe-contained, shall extend or be interpreted to extend to pardon a- lonietfincethe ny person or persons whatsoever for any theft, or dealing of any 4*h of MarA goods, or other felonies, since the fourth day of March in the ^9' except' year of our Lord one thousand six hundred fifty and nine; any thing in this act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXVIII. Provided also, That neither this act, nor any thing Thi* aft not therein contained, shall extend to acquit or discharge any person to^tend or persons from making restitution of all such rents, sums of mo- reftoredupoo ney, horses, cattle or other goods, which by a certain aft, or pre-n act for retended aft lately made, intituled, An act for repeal of two acts for peal of two fequejfrations, are required to be restored to those from whom forfeque-they were taken; (2) nor shall this present act be conftfued tottratu, n*-disable or bar the respective owners or proprietors of and from

their several and respective actions or suits at law or in equity, for or by reason of the said or any other^ents, monies, horses, cattle or goods, which since the five and twentieth day of July one thousand six hundred fifty and nine have been by any person or persons wrongfully received or taken away, and for which the said wrong doers are not in any wise indemnified by the said or any other act of repeal.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no person or persons who by virtue of any order or war- a^ually'paid rant, mediately or immediately derived from his late Majesty, into any j>ub-or his Majesty that now is, or by virtue of any act, ordinance lick treasury. or order of any or both houses of parliament, or any of the authorities aforesaid, or any committee or committee? acting under them or any of them, have seized, sequestred, levied, advanced or paid to any publick use, or into any publick treasury

within this kingdom, any goods, chattels, debts, rents, sum or sums of money, belonging to any person or persons whatsoever, shall hereafter be sued, molested or drawn into question for the same, but that they and every of them shall be discharged against all persons, for so much and no more of the said goods, chattels, debts, rents, sum or sums of money, as their several and respective order of discharge or acquittances extend unto.

XXX. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall Periont who extend to discharge any person or persons who have been by pri- ^ney^ri-vate order or instructions employed and intrusted, or have un- vateljr for his dertaken the employment, to receive any sum or sums of money Majesty's sup-for the King's majesty's service or supply, flnee the year one thou- P*y»to ac" sand six hundred forty and eight, from making their accountscount' for the same.

4^o Anno duodecimo Caroli II. c. 11 [1660.

Monies re-

XXXI. Provided also, That this act shall not extend to pai ceived upon don or discharge from account to the King's majesty any per n^paxdoned. f°n or persons, for any sum or foips of money received fc that illegal tax of decimation, or upon the account of any mi litia settled or acted in, since one thousand six hundred fort and eight, and pot accounted for or paid over, or discharged t or by any that had authority or pretended authority to difeharj the respective receivers of the same.

Persons that

XXXII. Provided also, That if any person or persons, bein have had di- his Majesty's menial servant or servants, or having or pretenc regions or in- ing to have received particular instructions or directions fror structions his Majesty, have, during the time of such his or their relatio jesty! and have unto his Majesty, or whilst he or they were acting or pretend betrayed their ing to act for his Majesty's interest, in pursuance of the fai trutt, or his instructions or directions, wilfully, maliciously and traiterouil held intelligence with any foreign prince or princes, (late o (hues, or with any person or persons usurping supreme authority in this kingdom or other his Majesty's dominions, or with theii or either of their ministers or agents, and without his Majesty's licence, and to the intent to betray his Majesty's person or councils, or have received any sum or sums of money, or pension for such treachery; that then such person or persons, as to the offence in this provish mentioned, shall be and is hereby excepted out of this act; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding; so as such person or persons be outlawed, or otherwise legally convicted of such offence or offences, within the space of two years from the fire 2nd twentieth day of April one thousand six hundred and Gxty.

XXXIII. Provided, That this act of general pardon, or any Duties of ex- thing therein contained, shall not ex.end to the pardoning or cife, and from discharging of any debts or sums of money due to or for the

Majesty's councils, excepted.

farmers thereof, excepted.

Persons excepted by

excise of any goods or merchandize, whereof any entries have been made in the custom-house, which have grown due since the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand six hundred fife and eight, or to the pardoning or discharging of any debts or sums of money due to the farmers or pretended formers of ex-cifc, since the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand six hundred and fifty-seven.

XXXIV. Provided also, That this act, nor any thing therein contained, shall extend to pardon, discharge, or give any other benefit whatsoever unto John Lijle, William Say, Sir Har-dress Waller, Valentine Walton, Thomas Harrison, Edward Whatley, William Hevcningham, Isaac Pennington, Henry Martin, John Bark/lead, Gilbert Millington, Edmond Ludlow, Sir Michael Live-fey, Robert Titchbourn, Owen Row, Robert Lilbourn, Adrian Scroop, John Okey, John Hewson, William Gosse, Cornelius Holland, Thomas Ckalloner, John Carew, John Jones, Miles Corbet, Henry Smith, Gregory Clement, Thomas Wogan, Edmond Harvey, Thomas Scot, William Cawley, John Downs, Nicholas Love, Vincent Potter, Augustine Garland, John Dixwel, George

1660.] Anno duodecimo Caroli II. C.n. 431

Fleetwood* Simon Meyn*James Temple* Peter Temple* Daniel Bla-grave* Thomas Wait* John Cook, Andrew Broughton* Edward Dendy* William Hewlet* Hugh Peters* Francis Hacker* Daniel Axtel* nor any of them, nor to those two persons, or either of them, who being disguised by frocks and vizors, did appear upon the scaffold created before Whitehall upon the thirtieth of January one thousand six hundred forty and eight: (2) all whid^ persons for their execrable treason in sentencing to death, or figging the instrument for the horrid murder, or being instrumental in taking away the precious life of our late sovereign lord Charles the First, of glorious memory, are left to be proceeded against as traitors to his late Majesty according to the ilaws of England* and are out of this present act wholly excepted and foreprized.

XXXV. But in regard the said Owen Row, Augustine Gar- Persons that land, Edmond Harvey, Henry Smith, Henry Martin, Sir appeared and Hardrefs Waller, Robert Titchbourn, George Fleetwood, Jc.ndrcdthein' James Temple, Thomas Wait, Simon Meyn, William He- vcs' iveningham, Isaac Pennington, Peter Temple, Robert LII-

bourn, Gilbert Millington, Vincent Potter, Thomas Wogan \and John Downs, have personally appeared andrendred themselves*

(according to the proclamation bearing date the sixth day of June one thousand six hundred and sixty*to summon the persons therein named* who gai/e judgment and assifted in the said horrid and detestable murder of our said late Sovereign* to appear and render themselves) and do pretend thereby to some favour* upon some conceived doubtful words in the said proclamation;

XXXVI. Be it enacted by this present parliament, and the authority of the same, (upon the humble defines of the lords and commons in parliament assembled) That if the said Owen Rowe, Augustine Garland, Edmond Harvey, Henry Smith, Henry Martin, Sir Hardrefs Waller, Robert Titchbourn, George Fleet-wood, James Temple, Thomas Wait, Simon Meyn, William Heve-ningham, Isaac Pennington, Peter Temple, Robert Lilboum, Gilbert Millington, Vincent Potter, Thomas Wogan, and John Downs, or any of them, shall be legally attainted for the horrid treason and murther aforesaid; that then nevertheless the execution of the said person and persons so attainted shall be suspended, until his Majesty by the advice and assent of the lords and commons in parliament shall order the execution, by act of parliament to be passed for that purpose.

XXXVII. Except also out of this present a & Oliver Cromwell deceased, Henry Ireton deceased, John Bradshaw deceased, and Thomas Pride deceased.

XXXVIII. Provided, That nothing in this contained The lands and shall extend to discharge the lands, tenements, goods, chat-goods of the tels, rights, trusts, and other the hereditaments late of the said persons rend-Oliver Cromwell* Henry Ireton* John Brad/haw* and Thomas the ?' Pride* or of Isaac Ewer deceased. Sir Join Danvers deceased, cepted"0

Sir Thomas Maleverer* baronet, deceased, William Purefoy de-Cfeased, John Blakifton deceased, Sir William CorftabU* baronet,

2 de-

434 Anno duodecimo Caroli II. cut; '[1661.

©fdet or appointment of the said trustoes, or any of them, otherwise.

Bonds taken XL

VI. Provided also, That (Us aft do not extend to pai

-in his Majes- don any bond taken in his late Majesty's name before th 2*'JVne J*" month of May one thousand six hundred forty-two, for fccurin for'fecunties*proper debt of any servant or receiver of the revenue of hi of any hit Ma- laid late Majesty, that hath net been poidto, or by order of jetty's rtceiT- fonte lawful or pretended authority. And by an order 4

ers, iwt par- /£/ fix and twentieth day ^fMay in tbt year mu thousand fix btmdrt6?'forty-mu, tbt that hm/t tf commons in parliament did accept the

of one hundred and fifty thousand as a from th

farmers of fevered tufimsvoted to be and same of th

feudfarmers did preatre and pay the said whole of ono bunded and fifty thousand pounds attoo tf dm find of-tom

and upon their defloration, that Jutb of tbt fend farmers as did mi pay their proportions, Jboodd not be pardoned, but proceeded again/, and out of their fines satisfaOiem Jbeuld be made to tbofo tuba bad pci the find one hundred and fifty thousand pounds \ and in tmrjuam thereof did on the first of June then motet following, the efiates offutb par font, living or dead, as have by colour ofany pa-

tent received monies from the fitly id, under pretence offilth cufienr, or have beat under-Jbertrs with tbt ought to be made tithit to restitution

Payments of- XLVII. It is therefore provided, That this act shall not exon propor- tend, nor be construed to extend, to pardon or indemnify any nsofijoooo person or persons, their heirs, executors, administnrtors or af-the signs, who have not paid their proportions of the said one hundred and fifty thousand pounds, or ought to have been contributory thereunto, from or against misdemeanors or offences relating to the said custdms, or from payment of their proportions: but that the estates of the dead, as well as of the living, of stich who ought to have been contributory, in whole possession soever (purchasers bona fide, and upon valuable considerations only excepted) shall continue and be charged and chargeable with the payment of their proportions, to all intents and purposes as if this act had not been made; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Arrears of ex-

XLVIII. Provided also, That this act, or any thing the rein

cite uoon beer contained, shall not extend or be construed to pardon or dif-"e' charge any sum or films of money due and arrear for excise of beer, ale, or other native or inland commodity, since the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand six hundred fifty and nine.

XLIX. Provided also, That nothing in this act contained shall extend to the pardoning or discharging of any sum or sums of money due from any officers or soldiers to any of the subjects of this kingdom for free quarter, since the second day of July one thousand six hundred fifty and nine, or to discharge any monies borrowed by any officers for preventing of free quarter.

tion I. upon custoflM.

and

Monies due for free qoar ter.

Anno duodecimo Caroli II. c.it.

L. Provided always, and be it rnaded by the authority i- Purchaser* oresaid, That no conveyance, assurance, grant, bargain, sale, harge, lease, assignment oflfeSfe, grants and fuf renders by copy of KnRX&c, t5 ourt-roll, estate, Ihterect, trust or limitation of ifty uft or enjoy theit f any martort, fends, tenements of fceifeditaifiefits, riot belilg pOrdufc*; he lands tfojr hereditaments of the late King, Qatea, pkmas* tr of any arshbriHopa* bifliOp*» deans, deans or chapters* hat «i«g lands or hereditaments said or given, or appointed, to bn rid or given, for the delinquency, or protended delinquency.

£ any person or pedons whatsoever; by virtue or pretext of ny act, order or Ordinance, or reputed ad, order or ordinance ince the first day of ^tatecryoifethouserid six hundred forty and ne: (2) nor any statute, judgment or recogpiaanoe, had* nade, acknowledged Of ftfffered to any person or pesfoas, bop. ies politick or corporate, before the runci and twentieth, thy of 'epttmker one thousand six hundred fifty auid nine* by any ctf he periods before.in this act by ns rut excepted, or their Min,

r by any other pOrfon or perfoiid claiming by, from 6r under hem or any of drifo, other, than the wife or wives, child* hildreo, heir or heirs of such person And persons, or any of hem, for money bona fide to them or atty os them paid or lent*; for any Oattveyancd* aflujance, grant or estate made before the ive and twentieth day of April one thousand six hundred and ixty, by any person* or periotrs to any futh person be persons. xcepted. by naifie, & atorefrid; in trust and for rite benefit of ny other, person or persons; bodies politick or Corporate, not xceptid by natee, as aforesaid, (half be impeached, deseated; made void* Of ffufhateA hereby, or by the attainder or con- idiori-of any such excepted person or persons; (3) but that he same shall be held and enjoyed by the purchasers, grantees*

: flees, assigns, ctftuy qtuuftf ufivy gilt trust, and every of them,

heir heirs, executors, adrmniftrstors and assigns respedHvdy, ' s if this act had not been made, and as if the Dud person or persons had not been excepted, attainted or conviiftod; any 1 w, statute, tffege of custom to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

LI. Provided always, That this act, Dor arty thing therein £abfick lands, ontaitted, shall not extend to indemnify any person or persons tburch good, /hatsoever* who have entred into any tneflrages, lands, tene* uten*"J« tents and hereditaments, called fabrick lands, or poflfefs them*

: lyes of any rent or revenues given for the repair of anycathedral or ther church, or who have iacrilegiouily enriched themselves by diverting the plate, or QtenfilS and materials, of or belonging to ny such churches, to their own private use and advantage, for r in respect of the said crimes only. 13 Car. 2. fiat. 1.

7*

434. Anno duodecimo Caroli II. Cut.

[166

order or Appointment of the said trustees, or any of them, i otherwise.

Bonds taken

XLVI. Provided also, That this td do not extend to pa

-in his Majes- don any bond taken in his late Majesty's name before tl ?*j^e £* month of May one thousand six hundred forty-two, for securii for fecunri« proper debt of any fervent or receiver of the revenue of li of any his Ma- said late Majesty, that hath not been paid to, or by order t fifty's receir- forme lawful or pretended authority. whereas an doned* P*r"^fi*ttnentieth dap May in tbt year metheufmifix bunk

lfCi'forty-one, the then hmfo tf in parliament did accept the fi

of ene hundred and fifty thousand, as a from t

farmers of fevered tujloms voted to be, andfine if rj

said farmers did procure and pay of one bunk

and fifty thousand pounds at the of tbt fast htufe oft mm and upon their declaration, at such of the said farmers as did»

pay their proportions, ftxruli not be, but proceeded

and out tftbeir fines JetisfaSian should be made to tbofie who had pc the find ene hundred and fifty and

thereof did tn tbtfirst tf June then next following refibs, tk the spates of such persons, living or dead, as have b

tent received morns from tbt fitbjtB, under pretence offiuh or have been under-Jbartrs with the > ought to be mis lie

bit to restitution:

Payments of- XLVII. It a therefore provided. That this act shall note* on propor- tend, nor be construed to extend, to pardon or indemnify and tionsot icoooo person or persons, their heirs, executors, administrators or af custwns. signs, who have not paid their proportions of the said one hundred and fifty thousand pounds, or ought to have been contributory thereunto, from or against misdemeanors or offences relating to the said euftdms, or from payment of their propor tions: but that the estates of the dead, as well as of the living, of fitch who ought to have been contributory, in whom possession soever (purchasers side, and upon valuable considerations only excepted) shall continue and be charged and chargeable with the payment of their proportions, to all intenti and purposes as if this act had not been made; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Arrears of ex-

XLVIII. Provided also, That this act, or my thing therein cile upon beer contained, shall not extend or be construed to pardon or dii-and ale. charge any sum or sums of money due and arrear for excise c| beer, ale, or other native or inland commodity, (ince the twenty-fourth day of June one thousand six hundred fifty and nine.

Monies dne

XLIX. Provided also, That nothing in this act contained for free quar- (fiall extend to the pardoning or discharging of any sum or sums ter* of money due from any officers or soldiers to any of the Ob-

jects of this kingdom for free quarter, since the second day of July one thousand six hundred fifty and nine, or to any monies borrowed by any officers for preventing of free quarter.

[Pages missing?]

1660.] Anno duodecimo Caroli II. c. 12. 4|jr

other force, effect and virtue, than as if such courts, judges, justices, of, officers and ministers, had acted by virtue of a true^ just and legal authority, and as if the same and the entry and inrolment thereof were in Latiny and as if the several acts and, ordinances or pretended acts or ordinances; made by both or either houses of parliament, or any convention assembled under the name of a parliament, or by Oliver,

Cromwell late (tiled protector of the commonwealth of England

Scotland and Ireland, and the dominions thereto belonging* and his council warranting or directing such proceedings, had been'good, true and effectual acts of parliament*

II. And whereas, since the death of the late. King, fevfral fines Fines levied have been lrjiedy without any entry or due entring of any bun paid without entry pro licentia concordapdi, commonly called the King's fiber % and

without entry or due entry of am sum given to the party for the con- 1 Geo. *, flat, i, cord} (2) and afo whereas in the term of St; Michael last past^fe- c. 1. f. 4. veral fines were levied and recorded in the court of common pleas bev fore one judge only of the fold court; '

III. Be it enacted, That the said fines and proclamations

thereupon, and every of them, shall be good and effectual, noN withstanding the defcds aforesaid.

IV. And be it also further, enacted, That all fines, procla- Fines and re-mations of fines, recoveries, and other judicial proceedings in coverlet of the court of common pleas at Westminster\ since the death of his late Majesty King Charles the first, had, levied or suffered, of any lands lying in the county palatine of Durbamy shall be good and effectual, notwithstanding the said lands were lying in the said county palatine.

V. Provided, That this act or any thing therein contained The illegal]

shall not be construed, deemed, or adjudged to make good, al- and Tpro-

low, confirm or countenance any the proceedings in the lats of

illegal and unwarranted high courts of justice, or, so calied, or ofluftu* any of them: (2) and whereas since the first day of May in the allowed. year of our Lord one thousand six hundred jflrty-one9 and before the

five and twentieth day of April in the year of our Lord one thousand six hundred and sixty9 there were divers persons that adhered to-both houses of parliament, who, for or in refteft of such their adherence, were indiftei, charged or impeached of treason: (3) and whereat since the said first day of Moy in the year of our Lord one thousand six hundred forty-one9 and before the said five and twentieth day of April in the year of our Lora one thousand six hundred and sixty9 divers bersons who adhered to his Majesty, or to the late King, were for such their adherence9 charged, Impeached or indUfed of high trea-(on

VI. Be it further provided and enacted, That the said charg- indictments es, impeachments, indictments, and all exigents, outlawries, &c. and all9convidions and attainders thereupon, and all letters patents grants there* and grants thereupon made, of any manors, lands, tenements UP?{1

or hereditaments, escheated or forfeited by reason of such at- VO!*fainder, and all title to any raefne profits by reason of such conviction, outlawry, attainder or grant, be from henceforth

n*

43<? a Anno duodecimo Caroli II. (i65

CAP. XII.

An act for confirmation of judicial proceedings.

What a£hand TJE it enabled, and it is enacted by his Majesty, and proceedings JD. lords and commons in parliament assembled, and by i "ot bt a- authority of the ferae, fThat no fines, nor final concords, c! voided. rographs, nor proclamations of fines, nor any recoveries, ?i dids, judgments, statutes, recognizances, ' nor inrolmems any deeds or wills, or of any such fines, proclamations, re veries, verdicts, judgments, statutes or recognisances, nor? exemplifications of mem nor any of them, nor any inquisitia indictments, presentment^ informations, decrees, sent«w probates of wills, nor letters of administration, nor any writs, adlings on or returns of writs, orders or other proceedings law or equity, had, made, given, taken or done, or depend in the courts of chancery, King's bench, upper bench, csj mon pleas and court of exchequer, and court of exchequ chamber, or any of them, fitting at Westminsters or ini courts of the great sessions in Walesj the court of any count] palatine or duchy of Lancaster^ or town of Berxtrici nxpon Tm or in any other inferior courts of law or equity, or by any tj Judges, clerks, officers, sheriffs, coroners br cninifters, or otba acting in obedience to them 'or any of them*- pr by any th courts of admiralty, delegates, justices of assise, nisi pm^ m and terminer % gaol-delivery, justices: of $\c peace, comrofa ersofsewers, bankrupts, or charitable, ides, -nor any a< % -process, proceedings nor executions* thereupon had, madi given, done or suffered in the kingdom at England since theft of May one thousand six hundred forty-two; shall be avoids for want or defect of any legal power in the said courts, judga commissioners, justices or any of them; (a).or for or byre! son that the premises or any of them were commenced, on iecuted, had, made, held or used in the name,: stile or titk i'the late King, ior in the name, stile, tide or* test of atfodes. bertatis Anglia authoritate parliamenti^ or in the name, stile, or test of The keepers of the liberty England by authority offc\ Uament, or in the name, stile, title or test of Oliver lord protefo of the commonwealth of England, Scotland and Ireland, and thei minions thereunto belongings or of Oliver lord protestor of the aA monwealth of England, Scotland and Ireland, and the domi: and territories thereunto belongings or the name, stile, title or tel of Richard lord protestor of the commonwealth of England, Sc# land and Ireland, and the dominions and territories thereunto k longings or for or by reason of any alteration of the said names stiles or titles: (3) or for that the said fines, recoveries, pro cess, pleadings, proceedings and other things before-mentioned or the entry and inrolment of them or any of them, were in tk\ tatin or English tongue; (4) but (hat all and every such fines^recoveries and other things above-mentioned, and the a&irt

doings and proceedings thereupon, fhaD be of such and of n<i

439

166e.] Anno duodecimo Caroli II. c.i«.

other, or barons of the exchequer, fajeants at law, commissions of fewer*, commissions of bankrupts or of charitable uses, made or constituted by or in the name or ftiie of any die late pretended powers or authorities.

X. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful to and for every person or persons who shall find themselves grieved or damnified by any judgment, fine, recovery, decree or sentence given, made, levied, granted or pronounced, in any of the said courts, to proceed in due form of law, either by writ of Writs of error error, bill of review, appeal or other lawful remedy, for the may be reverting, annulling or revoking of the same, in such manner brought.

as they might at any time heretofore have done, if the said courts had been eAablished by lawful authority^ other than for those errors and defeats which are remedied or provided for by this a St.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the aa-Non-claim of» thority aforesaid, That no non-claim upon or after any fine or on fines of fines hereby made good or confirmed, shall extend or be con- |*jds (trued tobaror prejudice any person or persons, their heirs or successors, or their feompes or trustees (other than the parties to the-(aid fines and their heirs general and sperial, and his and their trustees) as concerning such right, claim and inferect, as they had in pr to any lands, tenements or other hereditaments, jvhich by colour of any act, order or ordinance of both or either house of parliament, or any convention fitting at West* ptinster under t$e name or ftiie, or a (Turning the name or ftiie, of a parliament, since the first day of in the year of our Lord one thousand six hundred forty and two, and before the'five and twentieth d*y of April in the year of our Lord one thousand six hundred and sixty, were fold, conveyed or difyof-ed, as then or late the Ifnds, tenements and hereditaments of the King, Queen or Prince, or of archbishops, bishops, deans, deans and chapters, or other ecclesiastical persons, or as the lands, tenements and hereditaments of any other persons for their adberenpy to the late King or his Majesty that now is, or for arty their sitings relating to or in respect of {he late troubles 5 (2) so always that the said person or persons aforesaid, their heirs or successors, purfup their title, claim or interest, by way of aition or lawful entry, within five years next after the nine and twentieth day of May in the year of our Lord opp thoq-sand six hundred and sixty,

XII. And although In this confirmation of judicial it The late go*

was necessary to mention divers pretenced alls and by the vemmeat de.

names andfiles which those persons then usurped who f Upon them*

to pass the samp, namyly, same by thefile and name of the keepers »/'ulurped'

the liberty of England by authority of parliament', and others by toe name and file of protestors of the commonwealth England, Scotland and Ireland, and the dominions and territories thereunto -ing: (2) yet this present parliament doth declare, and it is furr Recognition ther enacted by authority of the same, That the names and of1hj* Majes-stiles aforesaid, and every of them, are moil rebellious, wick-'* |U"*

4

43f Anno duodecimo Caroli II. C. 12.

[166

fepealed and discharged: (2) and that aH escheats, forfeits jmd confiscations, by reason of such outlawries, cotiviAior attainder, be and are hereby restored unto fucfi persons so fl liwed, eenvicted or attainted, their heir*, executors and ministrators respectively, as if no such attainder had been. $a|f» spade by

VII. Provided neverthdpfc, and be it enacted, That ordiniinee at 3A or any thing herein contained shall not extend to avoii pfUJffiept* confirm any lifts qr estates made by virtue or pretence of j»A, order or ordinance, qr reputed aA, order or ordmanc parliament, finee the firA day of JWaj in the year of our I pne $oufand six hundred forty-two, nor any confirm* thereof made dr to be made thereof in this present parliam hut that finch fates Hand and be ini the same plight and coi noh as they Should pr might have dqne{ if this tdt had not t ptide. 1

Repomimn. V}Q. And be it further enacted by the authority aforof; dpliga- That all recognisances, obligations dr other (counties, m names of the or givenP^beeMrj of the liberty of England autha Iat« protest- of parliament, or to Oliver lord protector of me commonwe on. of England, Scotland and ap^ the dominions therm

belonging, or tq Oliver lord proteAor of the commonwealth England, Scotland and Ireland the dominions and territor thereunto belonging, or to Ehhdri lord protector of the cm monweahh of England, Scotland and and the'donum

and territories thereunto belonging, and not pardoned or charged by any a A passed Or. to be p*fT(rd this present parliatnt dr otherwise, (other than fetch recognizances, obligations 11 Securities, a? have been made and given to any the pretend powers or persons aforesaid, pr to any deriving or pretendii fq derive authority from them, by any person or persons, I*pr by reason of their adherence to his Majesty or his raid h jroyal father, or related tp or arising only upon or in respect the late troubles 5 all which are hereby declared to be void, ai p> be delivered up to be cancelled;,) (2) and plf iudgmeni Extents, inqulfitions, executions and seizures had for me & keepers or protestors, or any of them, and not likewise p* doned or discharged^ other than as aforesaid, (half and may I had and prosecuted in the name and to the use of his IVfsjefi his heirs qr successors; (3) and also excepting all obligation bonds or recognizances entred into to the said keepers or feAors or any of them, by any person or persons, by order < direAion of any council of state, committee of safety, maj< generals, decimators qr any officer or other person under then or any other militarypower; all which obligations, bonds an recognizances are hereby discharged aiyd declared to be null m yoid to ali'intents and purpo'fes.

Justices, fer-'IX. Prbvtded also, 1 and be it enacted, That this act or a/i jeanu. See. thing the rein'contained shall not' extend to Continue, after th

commissioners eighth'day of Afoy in the year of our Lord one thousand ft

£ r* "* hundred and sixty, ?ny justice or justices of One bdnch or tin

': orher

1660.] Anno duodecimo Caroli II. c. 14.' 444.

said for payment of any principal or money to be lent* or covenacted to be performed, upon or for any usury, whereupon or whereby there shall be referred or taken above the rate of six pounds in the hundred, as aforesaid, shall be utterly void:

(3) and that all.and every person or persons whatsoever, which shall after the time aforesaid, upon any contract to be made after the said twenty-ninth day of Septe, take* accept and receive, by way or means of any corrupt bargain, loan, exchange, chevisance, fiiift, or interest -of any wans, merchandize, or other thing or things. whatsoever, or by any deceitful way or means, at by any covin, engine or deceitful conveyance, for the forbearing or giving day of payment for one whole year, of and for their money or other thing, above die sum of six pounds for the forbearing of one hundred1 pounds for a-year, and so after that rate for a greater or lesser sum, or-for a longer or (hprter term, shall forfeit and lose for every such offence the treble value of the monies, wares, merchandize and other things so lent, bargained, fold, exchanged or (hifted.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, The forfeiture That all and every ferivener and fernreners, broker and brok- of a jj«y«n*r ers, solicitor and solicitors, driver, and.drivers of bargains fa" ^ovefiveWJ-contracts, who shall after the fiud twenty-ninth day of Septem- i; B — for the*bertake or receive directly or indirectly any sum or sums of forbearance money, or other reward or thing, for brokage, folicising, driv- of an hundred ing or procuring the loan, or forbearing of any fam or sums of anda

money, over and above die rate or value of five shillings for the twel»e-

loan or forbearing'of one hundred pounds for a year, and so pence for rateably, or above twelve-pence for the making or renewing of maldng a the bond or bill for loan, or for forbearing thereof, or for any bond* counter-bond or bill concerning the same, shall forfeit for every such offence twenty-pounds, and have imprisonment for half a year; (3) the one moiety of all which forfeitures to be to the King our sovereign lord, his heirs and fuoceflbra; and the other moiety to him or them that will sue for the same in the same county where the several offences are-committed, and not el few here, by addon of debt, bill, plaint or informations in which no eiloin, wager of lawor protection to be allowed.

Confirm# by 13 Car. 2. fiat. 1. c. 14. j

Cap. xrv.

An act for, a perpetual anmverfary tbankfgiving. on the nine and twentieth day of May.

FORASMUCH as. Almighty, God the King of bingty andfoie Hf-

poser of all earthly trowns and kingdoms»bath by his ful power and

Providence and power miraculoufiy domonjirated in the view of all thit of

world his tranjeendent mercy, love and gr towards his

excellent Majesty Charles the Second, by his especiial, gC'Eng- of huMak&v.

land, Scotland, France Ireland, King, defender of the true faithy

fnd all his Majesty's loyal subjects of this his kingdom of England,

I tndthe dominions thereunto annexed, by his Majesty's late most -

Anno duodecimo Caroli II. g.i3: [16d

ed, traiterous. and abominable usurpations, detested by this j| sent parliament, as opposite in the highest degree to his fas Majesty's most just and updoubtful right, to whom and to I heirs and lawful successors, the imperial crowns of the reali pi England, Scotland and Ireland, with their and every of tb dominions and territories do of right appertain, and as violati and infringing the just rights and privileges of parliament^ both houses thereof now suTemhled, or that hereafter shall pilled and assembled. i

Sndiftments

XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all and ci

f tre^son, ry pretended indictment or indictments, outlawries, inquisitia for levying and all proceedings thereon, of high treason, against any peri pnve^Crom- or persons wl)atsoever> for levying war against the late tyn well, made Oliver Cromwell, the pretended keepers of the liberty of Engk yoid.*or any other usurped power, shall be from henceforth void i of none effect in law: (a) and that all grants, conveyance leases, devices, afliiraiKe§, statutes, recognizances and judgmcc for debt, damages heretofore had, made or suffered by any pc (on, or his heiys, whose conviction, utlagary or attainder is I this act discharged or made void, shall be or the same force u effect as if no such conviction, outlawry or attainder h been. Confirmed by 13 Cpr. % fi$t. i, r. 7.

CAP. XIII.

An act for the restraining the taking of excessive Usury.

None shall

FORASMUCH as the abatement of interest from ten in thkw, take above fix X1 dred in former times hath been found by notable experience bm the ?oa*n of ficla^ to the advancement of trade and improvement of lands by & an hundred husbandry, with many other considerable advantages to this u pounds for a tion, especially the reducing of it to a nearer proportion with for tit y'.fiftes vjith whom we traffics: (2) and whereas in fresh memory t

C'jt'Vile fall from eight to fix in the hundred, by a late confiant praili

*fato found the like juecess, to the general contentment oj this mtk

as is visible by several improvements: (3) and whereas it is the n deavour offome at present to reduce it back again in practice to the lowance of the statute f ill in force to eight in the hundred, to ti great discouragement of ingenuity and vidufiry in the hufibpndry, trn and commerce of this nation:

The penalty.

II. Be it, for the rpafons aforesaid, enacted by the King most excellent majesty^ and the lords and commons in th present parliament assembled. That no person or persons whai soever, from ?ind after the twenty-ninth day of September in tl year of our Lord one thousand nx hundred and sixty, upon a/) contract, shall from and after the said twenty-ninth of &; timber take directly or ipdirectly for loan of any monies, wart merchandize or otl^er commodities whatsoever, above th Value of six pounds for the forbearance of one hundre pounds for a year, apd so after that rate for a greater or left, turn, or for a longer or shorter time: (2) and that all bond; pontraCls and afiiirai^ces whatsoever, made after the time afore

1660.] Anno duodecimo Caroli II. c. 14.' 44$

said for payment of any principal or money to beient, or covenacted to be performed, upon or for any usury, whereupon or whereby there shall be reserved or taken above the rate of six pounds in the hundred, as aforesaid, shall be utterly void:

(3) and that alLand every person or persons whatsoever, which shall after the time aforesaid, upon any contract to be made after the said twenty-ninth day of Sept, take, accept and receive, by way or means of any corrupt bargain, loan, exchange, chevisance, Clift, or interest -of any wares, merchandize, or other thing or things. whatsoever, or by any deceitful way or means, or by any covin, engine or deceitful conveyance, for the forbearing or giving day of payment for one whole year, of and for their- money or other thine, above die sum of six pounds for the forbearing of one hundred' pounds (for a-year, and so after that rate for a greater or Idler sum, or for a longer or (hprter term, shall forfeit and lose for every such offence the treble Value of the monies, wares, merchandize and other things so lent, bargained, fold, exchanged or shifted.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, The forfeiture 'That all and every scrivener and fcrrveners, broker and brok- of a scrivener ers, solicitor and (blicitors, driver, and drivers of bargains for contracts, who shall after the said twenty-ninth day of finga'fortbe* "

her take or receive directly pr indirectly any sum or sums of forbearance money, or other reward or thing, for brokage, folicising, driv- of an hundred |ng or procuring the loan, or forbearing of any sum or sums of poun<jj1J>r*money, over and above the rate or value of five shillings for the ^1^!. loan or forbearing'of one hundred pounds for a year, and so pence for rateably, or above twelve-pence for the making or renewing of making a the bond or bill for loan, or for forbearing thereof, or for any k°n<*-counter-bond or bill concerning the same, shall forfeit for every such offence twenty-pounds, and have imprisontnent for half a year; (a) the one moiety of all which forfeitures to be: to the King our -sovereign lord, his heirs and successors; and the other moiety to him or them that will sue for the lame in the same county where the several offences arctcominitted, and not elsewhere, by a/ftion of debt, bill, plaint or information;

In which no essoin, wager of law or protection to be allowed.

Confirmed by 13 Car.2. flat. 1. c. 14..j-

CAP. XIV.

An act for a perpetual Anniversary Thanksgiving of the nine and twentieth Day of May.

FORASMUCH as Almighty God the King of tings, and foledif The wonder-poser of all earthly crowns and tingdoms, by his ful power and

Providence and power miraculoujly demonjlrated in the view of all the goodness of

world his transcendent mercy, love and gracitufness, towards his most m ?e

excellent Majesty Charles the Second, by his ejpecial grace, Eng- % hu MafcXv.land, Scotland, France Ireland, King, defender of thetruefaith,

fnd all his Majesty's loyal subjects of this his kingdom England, and the dominions thereunto annexed, by his late most toonier-

444 Anno duodecimo Caroli II. c. 14.' [166c

fid glorims, peestcable and hyfi fixerdfe ofbis-undoubted here favereign and rigid authority m them, (after fundryytars farted txttrnu/ea the most traitorousion/piraciesand armed fewer ttfurping

(aed execrable perfidioustraitors) and that taithtut the Offtfilk

pr effkfian tf blood, through the unanimous, cerdiaL, loyal tout ii bras and commons in this fr parliament aftjembUd, and pafiim The anani- dtfres tf all other his Meftflfs subjects\ (2) which mous & cordial Uejfing (by Gods span most )

affection of the in the twenty-ninth day of M«y lad pan, being the mil memirii

moni in parlial birth-day, not esdf of his Me)fa

meat, «nd Mewtfe dsanaOual King, tmddf tbisend other his Majeste's lm\

people in ge- dms, all in a great measure neto-ber* and raised from the deals neral. this most joyful day, wherein many of the nobility, gnat)

citizens, and other his lieges of this realm, conductedhis Majesty m

to his royal cities if London and Westminster, with fid fofflbh n fnjfierrt tf their fsMitijey and loyal afettim, in far groattr i tmtpbthan any of bit nob vWorious predecessors Kings tf England returned thither from their foreign cmqtufts; (3) both his Me jiffshostfes ofpardanukt, with ad dutiful Utftrotm,

of their allegiance, pnhdtMy received and cordially congratulated bit Majesty's fisejlhappy arrival, and investiture m his throne, ol

The intent of his palate <0 Whitehall: Upon pH this hint

keeping the the day which fit Lord himself hath made with so

fliA dxy.j pubtiel fdeffings and signol deftoerptoes, both tf his Afttje by and b

people, from off their late meft deplorable divisions, won,

devnftehient and epprefftons; To tho end that it mat pe kept in perpetual remsmbramein ad ages to eotne, and that Ms fktrod with ad his Jisbjtfls of ms realm, and the dominions thereof,

their posterities aftertheut^ might annually the perpetual

memory thereof, by Jaeriftctng their unfeigned hearty' publitlthuds thereto to Almighty God, with oho heart and Voice, in a dessert and tbriftian reamsfr, for ad theft pubdek received and m-

The 19th of fimd on them upon this most joyful day; (5) Be it therefore enacted May to be an- say the Kink's most excellent Majesty, the lords and commons "[j* this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That all and singular mipifters of food's word and

feorament*, in eyory church, ebapd, and other ttfual place of divine service and publick prayer which now are or hereafter shall be within this realm'of tnftpni- and the respective dominions thereof and their uiccessors, shall in all (ucceeding ages annually celebrate the twenty-ninth day of May, by rendring their hearty publick praises and thanksgivings Unto Almighty God for all the fore-mentioned extraordinary mercies, blef-

n

brated.

fines and deliverances received, and mighty acts done thereon, and declare the same to all the people there assembled, and the generations yet to come, that so they may for ever praise the Lord for the same, whose name alone it; excellent, and his

AH persons to glory above the earth and heavens: (60 And be it further en-retiart to same a died. That all and every person and persons inhabiting within |nUlffpiffit|t this kingdom, and the dominions thereunto belonging, shall

1660.] Anno duodecimo Caroli II. c. 15, — 17. 44,

upon the said day annually refart with diligence and devotion to place of thank-some usual church, chapel or place where such publick thanks- f* th# givings and prajfej to God's most divine Majesty shall be ren- " y* dred, 'and there orderly and devoutly abide during the said publick thanksgivings, prayers, preaching, finding of p&lms, and Other service of Goa there to he yfed and minimed:

II. And to the end that all persons may be put in mind of Notice to be Jtheir duty thereon, and be the better prepared to discharge the same with that piety and devotion as becomes them: (2) Be it ype'

further enacted, That every minister shall give notice to his parishioners publickly in the church at morning prayer the Lord's day neat before every Such twenty-ninth day of May, for the due observation of the said day, gnd shall then likewise publickly apd distinctly read this pment act to the people. 13 Car. c. 11.

CAP. XV.

An act for the speedy Disbanding of the Army and Garrisons of this Kingdom, with Instructions for the same.

EXP.

CAP. XVI.

An act for enabling the Soldiers of the Army, now to be disbanded, to exercise Trades.

WHEREAS there are dyers and folders now in the King's majesty's service, tender the command of his excellency George duke of Albemarle, captain general of his armies,

who hove been inflrwuentfil, by thtblcfiing of Almighty God, to the

happy restitution and refiorat'm of bit fared Majesty unto his kingdoms and footle, and to his just right of government in the kingdom

of England, and the dominions and territories thereunto belonging j some of which art men that ufid trades, others that were apprentices to trades, who had not strued out their, and ethers who are apt and fit for trades, Uc,

CAP. XVII.

An act for the Confirming and Restoring of Ministers.

Soldiers in* struraental iu. his Majesty's restauration

JEliz. c*4* uch as were in service under General Monk5 April 1660, and in* stranMntal in his Majesty's reftitunon* may exescUh trades.

Forasmuch as the confirming of form cedefiastical persons and mi-nifiers in pojfcjsien, and reftering of others who have been fe- fueftrid of ejected, and are fit to be. refined in and to their several eulefiafiual benefices, livings and promotions, without forte or Just of law, wilt much conduce to the peace and welfare of this church and kingdom; (2> Be it ena&qd by the King's most excellent majesty, with the advice and consent of the lords and commons in this present parliament afievnbled* and by authority of the same, That every ecclesiastical perfori or minister, be- Certaining ordained by any ecclesiastical persons before thfe five and °retained twentieth day of December last past, being of the age of four h^mr been in and twenty years, and having not renounced his ordination, ' a&uafpoflef-Vhohath been formerly since the first day of January in the fion moored, year- of our Lord one thousand six hundred forty-tyro, presented,

444 - Anno duodecimo Caroli 1L C.i f.

[16S

nominated to, or placed in, and in actual-possession, and tj t ing the profits of any ecclesiastical 'benefice, rectory, parfona

vicarage, church, chapel, cure, or other ecclesiastical proa

tion with cure of fouls, within this realm of England^ dot nion of or town of Berwick upon Tweed, which hi

become*void, either by death, voluntary resignation or furn der, f or other avoidance, to the patron, or any other per pretending to have title to accept of resignations, since the first day of JamaryY and before the said five and twentieth of December last past, and was oh the said five and tweofi day of December in 'possession, , and received the profits then being in the gift, donation, presentation, collation or nomi tion of the King's majesty that now is, or of his late roya ther King Charles the First, in right of the crown, or by i son of wardship or any other title, or of any archbishop, (hop, dean, dean and chapter, prebend, archdeacon, body iitick or corporate, or of any other person or persons wha ever, other than such as are hereby reftorerf, shall be an< hereby declared, adjudged and enacted to have been, be i continue the real and lawful incumbent, parson, rector, visj and possessor of the said ecclesiastical benefices, livings and motions respectively, to all intents and purposes.whatsoever, if he or they had been nominated, presented, collated, admit, ted, instituted and indudted thereunto, or placed therein, in Elite.fa. due form of law, and had read and fiibscribed the articlesk-f- 3* cording to the statute in that case made and provided, and not-

withstanding any other matter or thing by him or them done or omitted to be done; (3) and that' as well against the Kings majesty, and against his heirs and successors, as against all and every other person and persons, bodies politick and corporal whatsoever, and their respective successors, heirs, executor* sfdmiqistrators and assigns; (4) saving to the patrons and ever yeidance to be of* them their just right of patronage; donation, presentation or nomination, upon the next avoidance of every fuel*ecclesiastical person, minister or incumbent hereby confirmed a

is aforefspd, in as full and ample manner as if this act had no been-made.

II. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That ever voluntary surrender or resignation made by any incumbent t the patFpn of any benefice, or to any late pretended powers fine the said first day of January, of any ecclesiastical benefice or pre motion, shall be adjudged as an effectual avoidance of such bt nefice or promotion, as if the same had been made to the competent ordinary, and accepted by him.

III. And be it further enacted, That no presentation, coll tion pr difpQlition aforesaid, nor confirmation by this act, < M mY Pr niinifter, in or to any ecclesiastical benefices, \w

p*ings or promotions aforesaid shall be construed or adjudged 1 1 amount to any usurpation in law, to the prejudice pt ar

person or persons, bodies politick of corporate, who have c

The King bound.

The next

Voluntary re.

Agnations

confirmed.

The former

1660.] Anno duodecimo Caroli II. c. 7. 447

£iki first of Jamary: one thousand six hundred forty-two, «b bath therefore had no order nor Agreement for hie fifths as bare accrued due or payable out of such ecclesiastical benefice* living or promotion, dating such. time as he hath born possessed thereof, to such parson or miniftet aa hath bee* formerly ejected or sequestred out of dip lame.

IX. Anituberau Sumsfifths^ er fuses of money, '* Ittu thereof. Arrears of

ate in amor and unpaid byfiteh at /save hem peffeffedcf fifths.

sequestred livings; (a.) it is further enacted by authority afaro-

said, That every ecclesiastical person or mininer now living* or the executors or.administratois.of every ecclesiastical person or minister deceased, to whom any fifths, or fonts of money in lien thereof, are or wen due or payable by any such order and agreement, or to foe find Mr. Hontywood as aroreftid, and are'yet in arrear, shall have foe said fifths or foms of money in ar* rear as aforesaid, paid unto them vespectively; (y) and they are hereby respectively enabled tp recover the same by adtian of. debt at the common law, to be brought against every such pan-ton or minister who ought to have paid foe same by virtue of

-any such order and agreement or to foe laid Mn aforesaid, during the sefpeftjropofleflinreof duck eedefiaftial benefice, living or promorioo/etof fonwhieh the said fifths*- eg foms of money in bcu thereof, were or oughtJo hant been dr.to be paid; in all which actions, no cflbin* wagerdf law or pro* testion shall be allowed: (4) and that no pesfoh. to whaa| fifths have been formerly paid. ftnU be hereafter qheftiened for the same.

X. And be it also enacted, That every such ecclesiastical per* Arrears of son or minister, that is or shall be.'by wtue of this act remov- titfos.

ed out of or confirmed in any such benefice, living or promo* tion, which now is or hath been possessed as aforesaid, his or their executors, administrators and assigns, shall be. and is ref. pectively enabled to have, hold and enjoy all the mean profits already received, and to receive, recover, cclleft or compound for and enjoy all and every the arrears of tithes, profits or do* ties thereunto belonging or which shall belong thereunto^ in* curred during such time as he was so possessor thereof, and be* fore or until the feast of St. Afiebael foe archangel now next ensuing, and to foe for the same in any court of common law or equity, as if he or they had been and were the true and lawful incumbent or possessor of such aforesaid ecclesiastical benefice, living or promotion.

XI. Provided also, and be it enacted by the authority afore- Persons re-laid, That if any minister or other such ecclesiastical person as stored, bow to aforesaid, having any ecclesiastical benefice or living with cure be qualified, of fouls, who is before in and by this act declared, adjudged

and enacted to continue the real and lawful incumbent thereof, which hath petitioned to bring the late King Charles of Welled memory to trial, or which hath by writing, preaching, printing or any other (men aft, procured, endeavoured or justified foe murder of foe late king, or which hath by preaching, printing, writing*

4<r Anno duodecimo Caroli II. c.rf: fijfc

iiifier who by virtu* of this act is confirmed in an* eocldatiti benefice or living with cure of fouls, which Hum. have wr thaa one ecclesiamcal bcuefiteor Eying with cure of (acts, flu] hold and enjoy only one of tffem, and no more, at bit except where he hath formerly refigowd or faneadred aayoftk said benefices or livings, and thereupon the right patron, t a njother in his right, hath pwfCnted, " collated, nominate placed, or ppt into the same any other irvcugibetas or ninifle as aforesaid, in which case the minister fa to be confirmed flu and may retain andheep the benefice or living which he hat not fa resign'ad or fwrendred, as aforesaid.

The party to.VII. And be it likewise eroded. That where the parson a be restored minister formerly foquCftrcd Of ejected, shall declare his cpnfa^, in writing before the commissioiMris appointed by thit aft, th

npfffifer? the preterit possessor, being not feandadous, ignorant Or right. ficient, shall be and Continue, in fifeh fespaeftred benefice, lit-ins or promotion, that in facte case the prefect possessbt faE be hereby settled and Confirmed therein, as the fate and r$t. fill incumbent and pofiessor thereof to all intents and purpase, any former ftafiute or law to the contrary notwithstanding: j; ftrtTTtfnw"- and that every naffon or rafeifter who shall be removed by th edtopay ad, shall pay all tenths not pardoned, and repair or make t tenths, sad tiafedfion for all wilful or negligent dilapidations made or fc aafiwpfor fered by him, of, m or upon the prettifies or any of Aon, since the twenty-ninth of Septmier last; (3) arid, foal) lifaifc And pay fifths. W °F fat*sfy all fifths, or any other sum in Keu of fifths

were m sircar or unpaid at the feast of St. Muhatl the uch» gel last pad, due or payable by him, by any order or ordai not reverted, of any committees or commissionera formerly appointed and authorized by any pretended authority or author* ties whatsoever, to grant or set out the same, or otfaerwife pay; or satisfy all arrears then due of any sum of Asms of money payable by agreement of the parties, and not since quitted by it agreement, the same to be ascertained by the said commission-Bond for ers: (4) for payment whereof the minister lb to W removed, them. before his removal shall also give his penal bond or bonds un-

to the minister to be restored, to pay the same 'before the fa and twentieth of JDicember next; and if he shall refute to give, such bond or bonds as aforesaid for the payment thereof, that Action for then the miniftes so to be restored, shall be and is hereby o-them. abled to bring an action of debt at the common law for fa

' laid arrears, and shall recover over and above the said debt fa

full value in damages, besides costs of salt.

Fifths.

VIII. And it is further enabled by the authority aforesaidj

Kay me $j. That every ecclesiastical person or minister now in possession a ! Sid «' any ecclesiastical benefice, living or promotion, which (ts£ continue and be settled therein by virtue of this act, shall pi) all such arrears of fifths or other fonts of money in lieu thereof, due or payable by him by any such order or orders. Mr. Honey- os agreement as aforesaid: qt to Mr. lifinfwsit parson a wood. Ktgqorth in Lticcjltrjbirt, who hath been beyond tea since the

fad

449

1660.] Anno duodecimo Caroli II. , 0.17.

hundred fifty and nine, and the same clerk To presented wa« refused to be admitted without any lawful cause, that then such clerk shall be taken, and is hereby enacted to be the perfect incumbent of such benefice, to all intents and purpcifes; any thing in this act to the contrary notwithstanding; unlefe fuen patron have since presented another clerk to such benefice whp now is possessed thereof, or unlefe such derk so presented and refused, as aforesaid^ be since presented to and settled in fomp other benefice.

XV. Provided that this act, nor any thing therein contained. None to be shall not extend or be construed to confirm or continue any restored who person in any benefice qr ecclesiastical living or preferment, deserted their which hath since the said five and twentieth day of December bTU, P*

last -voluntarily yielded of and left the possession of the said benefice or ecclesiastical living or preferment, and is still out of.possession thereof, or which by any writing executed under hie hand and leal, hath agreed to yield up and leave the possession thereof.

XVI. Provided also, and it is hereby declared, That where Agreement there hath been any agreement between the persons concerned made for fifth* in this act for the acquittal of the minilfer who ought to have con"nne"-paid fifths of and from the same, or any part thereof, that in

such case no fifths or satisfaction for fifths shall be chimed or paid contrary to the hid agreement.

XVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all and Payments of every person and persons who have paid or satisfied by compo- titne*,c.to lition or otherwise, any tithes, pensions, oblations, obventions, p^flefion* rents, or other ecclesiastical duties belonging to any rectory,

vicarage, or other ecclesiastical benefice or promotion, to any charge, person or persons being in possession, or receiving the profits

thereof by colour or pretence of any authority, or to their assigns, or any others claiming from, by or under them, shall be and are hereby discharged of and from the same tithes, pensions, oblations, obventions, rents and other ecclesiastical duties, against all and every person and persons whatsoever.

XVIII. Provided always, That neither this act, nor amr These refto-thing therein contained, shall extend to confirm or establish ries !}°t', h-the possession of the rectory of Evuelpu in the county of Oxen, Ewelme r«a. with Thoms Cole, or any other person or persons who have 0 —

lately by virtue of any pretended title entered into the same; but that the said rectory be restored to Robert doctor

in divinity, and Rfgius Professor in the university of Oxort, to be enjoyed by him and his luoceflors, according to a grant made thereof by the late King James unto the Regius Professor of divinity for the time being, and his successors for ever.

XIX. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall Somersham

confirm or establish the possession of the rectory of in re^orlr-

the county of Huntington, with any person who hath by virtue

of any pretended title entered into the same; but that the said rectory be restored to doctor AntbtVf Tutkney, the present Regius Professor of divinity in the university of Cambridge, to he

V9J-, VJQ. Gg enjoyed

44$ Anno duodecimo Caroli II. d.ijl [165r

ring, or constant refusal'to baptize, declared his judgment tob.against infant-baptism, that then such minister or other ode fiastical person shall not remain^ continue and beor be takr. to be the real; and lawful irtcurabent of theocdefiastical bee fice or fivipg, but she same fttaH become; and is hereby k dared to be void to all intents and purpose?, as if the £ minister or other ecclesiastical person were dead, and that t. patron who hath the next and> immediate right, to present ur.

the same, shall and may present unto the said ecclesiastical h nefice or living, as in case of vacancy.or avoidance by death; 'the incutphent; any thing in this, ad Contained to the conrrr thereof notwithstanding.

Justices of

XII. And it is further enacted, That the persons in cot peace, com- million of the peace in the several counties or this realm, 6 miiftonert to ^0tninion Of Wales and the town d£ Berwick upon Tweed, j aa, Withoutbe first day of September, one thousand fix r hundred and (hr further suit, within their respective counties^ limits and precincts, or ar five or niorcef them, living dwelling next to the churc or living td which any fuph paffondr minister is. to be refer!ed, or SrotA which any such 'parson or minister is to be rezned ed, and who are no ways' intoxfted as patrons or parties in d patronage dt tithes of the fridr church or Ijving or any pr thereof, shall he and are hereby constituted, appointed and ad thorized tb be of to: execute all lad Angular ib, powers and authorities hdreby: granted within* their respedirj counties and, precincts, for hud concerning the removing ad restoring of such parsons and ministers as aforesaid, and i other the Tpfemi&s, and finally to determine all different? All former touching the Tame, until, the! nvCi and twentieth of Btcmv suit* made next; and that all iuits. and actions in law or equity, and: vold* proceedings and verdicts thereupon had or to be had* for, toud

ing or concerning the preirnffes or any of them, shall be d are hereby flayed, harred, annulled and avoided.

Certain leases'XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all gram made by mini- and leases made for a valuable confederation paid or given, d ^ers con m-> any COpyhold or freehold lands belonging to any (equeflred Jibing or redory (except the glebe add tithes) for three lives, o twenty-one. years, according to former usage^ wherein the w tient rent is reserved, made by any minister or eedefiaftid person possessed of the said rectory or living by any real or pretended authority, before the five and twentieth of December or/ thousand six hundred fifty-nine, shall continue, as good and c\ fectual in law to all intents against the ejected and (equefired incumbent to be refiored, and all others as if they had been md by the proper incumbent.

Ministers re-

XIV. Provided always, and be. it further enacted, That i fufedtobeap-any rightful patron hath heretofore presented his clerk to an] Pretcnde^ a - benefice with cure of fouls, being then void* unto thok per* proversffet? f°n$ were (tiled of for apprpbation of pub-tied in their lick preachers fitting at Whitehall, or the committee fa churches. plundered ministers, who fat in the year one thousand fa

hun<

449

1660.] Anno duodecimo Caroli II. C. 17.

u rad red fifty and nine, and the same clerk so presented was -fused to be admitted without any lawful cause, that then such lerk shall be taken, and is hereby enacted to be the perfect icumbcnt of such benefice, to all intents and purpqfps; any King in this act to the contrary notwithstandingj unless such iatron have since presented another clerk to such benefice whp iow is possessed thereof, or uqleft such derk so prefcated and efufod, as aforesaidf be since prefemed to and settled in fotnp >tHer benefice.

XV. Provided that this act, nor any thing therein contained. None to be Hall not extend or be construed to confirm or continue any restored who >erson in any benefice qr ecdefiaftiqil living or preferment, jjeferted their vhich hath since the said five and twentieth day of

aft 'voluntarily yielded up and left the ppfiession of the said oenefice or ecclesiatical living or preferment, and is still out of aofleflion thereof, or which by any writing executed under hie band and seal, hath agreed to yield up and leave the possession: h.ereof.

XVI. Provided also, and it is hereby declared, That where Agreement there hath been any agreement between the persons concerned made for fifth* in this act for the acquittal of the minister who otigfit to have confinned* paid fifths of and from the same, or any part thereof, that in

such case no fifths or satisfaction for fifths shall be chimed or paid contrary to the hid agreement.

XVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all and Payments of every person and persons who have paid or satisfied by compo- tithes, to iition or otherwise, any tithes, pensions, oblations, obventions,

rents, or other ecclesiatical duties belonging to any redory,

vicarage, or other ecclesiatical benefice or promotion, to any charge, person or persons being in possession, or receiving the profits thereof by colour or pretence of any authority, or to their alligns, or any others claiming from, by or under them, shall be and are hereby discharged of and frptn the lame tithes, pensions, oblations, obventions, rents and other ecclesiatical duties, against all and every person and persons whatsoever.

XVIII. Provided always, That neither this act, nor any These redo-thing therein contained, shall extend to confirm or establish fie* npt with the poffdfion of the redory of Rwelme in the county of Owe, £ with Thomas Cole> or any other person or persons who have

lately by virtue of any pretended title entered into the same; but that the said redory be restored to Robert doctor

in divinity, and Regius Professor in the university of Oxon, to be enjoyed by him and his successors, according to a grant made thereof by the lateKing Janus unto the Regius Proftjfor of divinity for the time being, and his successors for ever.

XIX. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall Somersham

confirm or establish the possession of the redpry of in rectory-

the county of Huntington, with any person who hath by virtue

of any pretended title entered into the same; but that the said redory be restored to doctor Antboty Twenty, the present

gius Professor of divinity in the university of, to be

Vot., W. Gg enjoyed

450

Oath to be taken by persons restored.

Presentations under the great seal.

Kidlington

vicarage.

Garfington

rectory.

Castor st&ary.

Anno duodecimo Caroli II. c. i7.

[16fc

enjoyed by him and his successors, according to a former grz thereof made unto the Regius Professor of divinity for the tb beings and his successors for ever j any thing herein contain to the contrary notwithstanding.

XX. Provided also, ' That this act, or any thing the re contained, shall not extend to confirm or restore any ectldi astical person or minister in or to any benefice, living or eedd astical promotion, that shall refuse to take the oaths of & giance and supremacy, being tendered unto such ecclesiafc person or minister, Dy the said of, or any tfe of them, which said of, and every three of thq are hereby enabled and enjoined to administer the said oai accordingly.

XXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That this act, 3 any thing herein contained, shall not prejudice the title of t person or persons to any ecclesiastical living, benefice or pm tion with cure of fouls in this act mentioned, who have bej and shall be presented to such benefice or promotion by his & jesty under the great seal of England, between the first day d May in the year of our Lord one thousand six hundred and is] ty, and the ninth of September in the same year; but that k presentees so presented by his Majesty as aforesaid, shall and mr| from and after the said twenty-ninth day of September end the same benefices and promotions respectively, as if tb 2d bad not been made.

XXII. Nevertheless, it is declared and enacted, That fid persons, as upon the twenty-fifth day of December one thouk six hundred nfty-nine were the possessors of such benefices 3 promotions shall not be charged by such presentees of his Majesty with or for any profits by them or any of them receive before the said twenty-ninth day of September, but shall k and enjoy the profits of such benefices and promotions nj spectively, until the said twenty-ninth day of September.

XXIII. Provided also, That this act, or any thing therd contained, shall not extend to confirm any person In the vid rage of Kidlington in the county of Oxford\ but that the Hi vicarage shall remain as formerly annexed to the reftorship J Exeter-college in Oxford; any thing in this act to the contnij notwithstanding.

XXIV. Provided also, That this act, or any thing herd contained, shall not extend to confirm any person in the ml tory of Garfmgton in the county of Oxford, but that the fe'i rectory shall remain as formerly annexed to the presidentfhipc Trinity-college in Oxford; any thing in this act to the contra notwithstanding.

XXV. Provided also, That this act, or any thing theren contained, shall not extend to confirm any person in the m tory of Castor in the county of Northampton, but that the fai rectory shall remain as formerly annexed to the bishoprick 0 Peterborough; anything in this act to the contrary notwithstanding.

[Pages missing or out of order?]

453

1660.] Anno duodecimo Caroli II. c. 18.

Majesty, his heirs and successors; and the other third part to him or them who shall seize, inform or sue for the (ante in any court of record, by bill, information, plaint or other action, wherein no essoin, protection or wager of law shall be allowed;

(4) and all admirals and other commissioners at sea of any the ships of war or other ship having commission from his Majesty or his heirs and successors, are hereby authorized and strictly required to seize and bring in as prize all such ships or vessels as shall have offended contrary hereunto, and deliver them to the court of admiralty, there to be proceeded against; and in the case of condemnation, one moiety of such forfeitures shall be to use of such admirals or commissioners and their companies, to be divided and proportioned amongst them according to the rules and orders of the sea in case of ships taken prize; and the other moiety to the use of his Majesty, his heirs and successors.

II. And be it enacted, That no alien or perfect not born Aliens shall within the allegiance of our fbvereign lord the King) his heirs not exercise and successors, or naturalised, or made a free denizen, I shall the occupa- from and after the first day of February, which will be in the

year of our Lord one thousand six hundred sixty-one, exercise tonkin the* the trade or occupation of a merchant or factor in any the said plantations, places; (2) upon pain of the forfeiture and loss of all his gpods and chattels, or which are in his possession; one third to his Majesty, his heirs and successors; one third to the governor of the plantation where such person shall so offend; and the other third to him or them that shall inform or Governors, sue for the same in any of his Majesty's courts in the plan- to take" tation where such offence shall be committed: (3) and all for the governors of the said lands, idands, plantations or territories, observation of and every of them, are hereby strictly required and command- the afore-ed, and all who hereafter shall be made governors of any such n"cnJloned idands, plantations or territories, by his Majesty, his heirs or and

successors, shall before their entrance into their government enforced by take a solemn oath, todo their utmost, that every the afbrcmen- 7 &*W. 3. tioned clauses, and all the matters and things therein contained, c* " +* shall be punctually and bona fide observed according to the true intent and meaning thereof: (4) and upon complaint and proof made before his Majesty, his heirs or successors, or such as shall be by him or them thereunto authorized and appointed, that any the said governors have been willingly and wittingly negligent in doing their duty accordingly, that the said governor so offending shall be removed from his government.

III. And it is further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no goods or commodities whatsoever, of the growth, production or manufacture of Africa, Asia or America, or of any For the impart thereof, pr which are described or laid down in the usual portation of maps or cards of those place?, be imported into England, Irelandhro?Jl ^1. or Wales, idands of Guernsey and strfey, or town of Berwick'-'^ t ct*l. upon Tweed, in any other ship or mips, vessel or vessels whatsoever, but in such as do truly and without fraud belong only

to the people of England or Ireland, dominion of Wales^ or town

Anno duodecimo Caroli. U c.i8.

[166

fcntets shall be thereupon admitted, instituted and include and after have and enjoy, and sue for and recover the possessic-, and from thenceforth take the whole and entire profits of ti: find benefices, livings and {promotions, and shall be accounte and shall be full and perfect incumbents of the same toailii tents and purposes, as nilly and amply as if they had been pr: footed and phuxd therein within six months next after the t avoidances, notwithstandine any lapse, or other title by rm: of lapse, incurred or devolved to his late Majesty, or to ti King's majesty that now is, or to any other person or persons, bodies politick or corporate; any thing in this present* or otherwise to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXXII. Provided, That such presentees as have been or fit be presented by his Majesty as aforesaid, before the said nin: day of September in this present year erne thousand fix hundrr. and sixty, by title of lapse or otherwise as aforesaid, shall or m enjoy the same benefices and promotions respectively; the £ mentioned clause or any other thing in this act contained toti contrary notwithstanding.

No goods shall be imported from the plan* tations, See. but in English ships.

[Penalty.]

Explained by) 13&i4Car.x* c.i if.6.

CAP. XVIII.

An act for the encouraging and increasing of shipping and navigation.

For the increase of shipping and encouragement of the navigation of this nation, wherein, under the good providence and protection of God, the wealth, safety, and strength of this kingdom is so much concerned;

[No goods shall be imported from the plantations, &c. but in English ships.]

(2) be it enacted by the King’s most excellent majesty, and by the lords and commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority thereof, That from and after the first day of December one thousand six hundred and sixty, and from thenceforward, no goods or commodities whatsoever shall be imported into or exported out of any lands, islands, plantations or territories to his Majesty belonging or in his possession, or which may hereafter may belong unto or be in the possession of his Majesty, his heirs and successors, in Asia, Africa, or America, in any other ship or ships, vessel or vessels whatsoever, but in such ships or vessels as do truly and without fraud belong only to the people of England or Ireland, dominion of Wales or town of Berwick upon Tweed, or are of the built of and belonging to said lands, islands, plantations or territories, as the proprietors and right owners thereof, and whereof the master and three fourths of the mariners at least are English;

(3) under the penalty of the forfeiture and loss of all the goods and commodities which shall be imported into or exported out of any the aforesaid places in any other I ship or vessel, as also of the ship or vessel, with all its guns, furniture, tackle, ammunition and apparel; one third pari thereof to his Majesty, his heirs and successors; one third pan| to the governor of such land, plantation, island or terriro/r where such default shall be committed, in case the said ship or goods be there seized, or otherwise that third part also to his j

1660.] Anno duodecimo Caroli II. c. 18. 455

nizens or naturalized) be owners, part-owners or matter, and England to whereof three fourths of the mariners at least shall not be English, any fish, victual, wares, goods, commodities or things, of any alien not what kind or nature soever the same shall be, hom one port denizened, &c. Or creek of England, Ireland, Wales, islands of Jersey,

or town of Berwick upon Tweed, to another port or creek of the same, or of any of them; under penalty for every one that shall offend contrary to the true meaning of this branch of this prefer act, to forfeit all such goods as shall be loaden The penalty, and carried in any such ship or vessel, together with the ship or >*3*

vessel, and all her guns, ammunition, tackle, furniture and apparel j one moiety to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him or them that shall inform, seize or sue for the same in any court of record, to be recovered in manner aforesaid.

VII. And it is further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Safe and That where any case, abatement or privilege is given in the abatement in book of rates to goods or commodities imported or exported in English-built shipping, that is to say, shipping built in England, Ireland, Wales, islands of Guernsey or jersey, or town of where three Berwick upon Tweed, or in any the lands, islands, dominions parts of the and territories to his Majesty in Africa, Asia, or be-

longing, or in his poflemon, that it is always to be understood En*

and provided, that the matter and three fourths of the mariners of the said ships at least be also English; fa) and that where it is required that the master and three fourths of the mariners be English, that the true intent and meaning thereof is, that they Should be such during the whole voyage, unless in case of sickness, death, or being taken prisoners in the voyage, to be proved by the oath of the master or other chief officer of such ships.

VIII. And it is further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Goods of the That no goods or commodities of the growth, production or "jf'

manufacture of Muscovy, or to any the countries, dominions Muscovy'or or territories to the great duke or emperor of Mvfcovy or Jbeflia Russia. 1 belonging, as also that no fort of mails, timber or boards, no Explained bj foreign uit, pitch, tar, rosin, hemp or flax, raisins, figs, prunes,jon+Car.a. olive-oils, no forts of corn or grain, sugar, pot-ashes, wines, vinegar, or spirits called aqua-vitee, or brandy-wine, shall from*

and after the first day of April, which shall be in the year of our Lord one thousand six hundred sixty-one, be imported into England, Ireland, Wales, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, in any ship or ships, vessel or vessels whatsoever, but in such as do truly and without fraud belong to the people thereof, of some of them, as the true owners and proprietors thereof, and whereof the master and three fourths of the manners at least are English: and that no currans nor commodities of the growth, production or manufacture of any the countries, islands, dominions or territories to the Qtbtman or Turkish empire belong- othoman or ing, shall from and after the first day of September, which shall Turkish cm* be in the year of our Lord one thousand six hundred sixty-one, P

456 Anno duodecimo Caroli II. &. i [16o.

be imported into any the afore-mentioned places in ahy ship or vend, bat which it of Enbuilt* atld navigated, as aforesaid, and in no other, except only such foreign ships and vessel s as are of the built of that country or place of which the said goods are the growth, production or manufacture respectively, or of such port where the said goods can only be, or most usually ire, first (nipped for transportation, and whereof the foaster ihd three fourths of the mariners at lead are of the said country or place, under the penalty and forfeiture of ship and goods, to be disposed and recovered as in foe foregoing clause. Fraud* in

IX. Provided always, and be it hereby enacted by the au-concealing foority aforesaid, That for the prevention of foe great frauds alien* good*, daily used in colouring and concealing of aliens goods, all prevented, wines of the growth or France or Germany, which from and p after the twentieth day of October one thousand six hundred and

sixty shall be imported into any the ports or places aforesaid, in any other ship or vessel than which doth truly and without fraud belong to England, Ireland, Wales, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, and navigated with the mariners thereof, as aforesaid, shall be deemed aliens goods, and pay all strangers customs and duties to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, as ?!so to the town or port Into which theydhall be imported 5

(1) and that all forts of mails, timber or boards, as also all foreign (alt, pitch, tar, rosin, hemp, flax, ra'tfins, figs, prunes, olive-oils, all forts of corn or grain, sugar, pot-ames, Spirits Commortly called brandy-wine, or aqua-vita, wines or foe growth of Spain, the islands of foe Canaries or Portugal, or weftem islands; (3) and all foe goods of the growth, production or manufacture of Mufcevy or Russia, which from and fester the first day of April, which mall be in the year of our Lord one thousand six hundred sixty-one, shall be imported into any the aforesaid places m any other than such shipping, and so navigated j (±J and all currans and Turkey commodities which from and after foe first day of September.one thousand six hundred sixty-one, shall be imported into any the places aforesaid, in any other than Ehglish-baWt shipping, and navigated as aforesaid, (5) shall be deemed aliens goods, and pay accordingly to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and to the town or port into which they shall be imported, plow to pre- X. And for prevention of all frauds which may be used in vent fraud* in colouring or buying of foreign ships, be it enacted by theau-bu^glfo-n" dronty wbresaid, and it is hereby enacted, That from and after reign ship*. the first day of April, which shall be in the year of our Lord EXP. one thousand six hundred sixty-one, no foreign-built ship or '3 &* vessel Whatsoever shall be deemed or pass as a ship to England,

£*P*, I" Ireland, Wales, or town of Berwick, or any of them belonging,

or enjoy the benefit or privilege of such a ship or vessel, until

such time that he or they claiming the said ship ot vessel to be theirs, shall make appear to the chief officer or officers of the Customs in the port next to the place of his or their abode, that he or they arc not aliens, and shall have taken an oath before

1660.] Anno duodecimo Caroli II. c.i 8. 457

fore such chief officer or officers, who are hereby authorized The oath to be to administer the same, that such ship or vessel was bona fide and »<hniniftered.-without fraud by him or them bought for a valuable consideration, expremng the sum, as also the time, place and persons from whom it was bought, and who are his part-owners (if he have any); (2) all which part-owners shall be liable to tike the said oath before the chief officer or officers of the custom-house of the port next to the place of their abode, and that no foreigner directly or indirectly hath any part, interest or share therein; and mat upon such oath he or they shall receive a certificate under the hand and seal of the said chief officer or officers of the port where such person or persons so making oath do fefide, whereby such ship or vessel may for the future pass and be deemed as a ship belonging to the said port, and enjoy the privilege of such a ship or vessel; and the said officer or officers.shall keep a register of all such certificates as he or they shall so give, and return a duplicate thereof to the chief officers of the customs at London, for such as shall be granted in

and Berwick, and to the chief officers of the customs at Dublin, for such as shall be given in Ireland, together with the names of the person or persons from whom such ship was bought, and the sum of money which was paid for her, as also the names of all such persons who are part-owners of her, if any such be.

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, of the That if any officers of the customs shall from and after the said customs not to first day of April allow the privilege of bong a ship or vessel allow any pri-to England, Ireland, Wales, or town of Berwick, or any of them belonging) to any foreign-built ship or vessel, until such

certificate be before them produced, or such proof and oath taken certificate or before them; (2) or if any officer of the customs shall allow proof, tec. the privilege of an English-bai\t ship, or other ship to any the dtendiy aforesaid places belonging, to any Engli or foreign-built ship jjAnnx, c.j7.

coming into any port, and making entry of any goods, until '* examination whether the master and three fourths of the mariners be English; (3) or shall allow to any foreign-built ship bringing in the commodities of the growth of the country where it was built, the privilege by this act to such ship given, until examination and proof whether it be a ship of the built of that country, and that the master and thtee fourths of the mariners are of that country; (4) or if any person who is or shall be made governor of any lands, islands, plantations or territories in Africa, Asia or America, by his Majesty, his heirs or sucessors, shall suffer any foreign-built ship or vessel to load or unload any goods or commodities within the precinAs of their governments, until such certificate be produced before them, or such as shall be by them appointed to view the same, and examination whether the master and three fourths of the mariners at least be English; (5) that for the first offence such officer of the customs and governors shall be put oi}t of theif places, offices or governments.

XII. Pro- '

Frauds ift concealing aliens goods# bow to be prevented.

How to prevent frauds in colouring and buying so. rei^ps.

See 13 & 14 Car. t.p. ?i. f. 6.

Anno duodecimo Caroli II. &.ii: [16<

be imported into ant the afore-mentioned places in any or vessel, bat which is of English-built, and navigated, as afo| said, and in no other, except only stich foreign ships and vd as are of the built of that country or place of which the I goods are the growth, production or manufacture respectivi or of such port where the said goods can only 'be, or most ufi ire, first (nipped for transportation, and whereof thehd three fourths of the mariners at least are of the country or place, under the penalty and forfeiture of ship i goods, to be disposed and recovered as in the foregoing chug

IX. Provided always, and be it hereby enacted by the thority aforesaid, That for the prevention of the great fru daily used in colouring and concealing of aliens goods, wines of the growth of France or Germany, which from after the twentieth day of October one thousand six hundred d sixty shall be imported into any the ports or places afoi said, in any other ship or vessel than which doth truly aj without fraud belong to England, Ireland, Wales, or town 1 Berwick upon Tweed, and navigated with the mariners them as aforesaid, shall be deemed aliens goods, and pay all ft range! customs and duties to his Majesty, nis heirs and successors^ 1Ifo to the town or port into which they shall be imported; £2} and that all forts of masts, timber or boards, as aHo all foreign salt, pitch, tar, rosin, hemp, flax, ratlins, figs, prunes, olive-oils, all forts of corn or grain, sugar, pot-ames, (brnts commonly called brandy-wine, or aqua-vita, wines of the growth of Spam, the islands of the Canaries or Portugal, Main, or wefttm Blands; (3) and all the goods of the growth, pro-duction or manufacture of Muscovy or Rufpa, which from and fester the first day of April, which mall be in the year of our Lord one thousand six hundred sixty-one, shall be import* ed into any the aforesaid places in any other than such shipping, and so navigated 3 (4) and all Currans and Turkey commodities which from and after the first day of September out thousand six hundred sixty-one, shall be imported into any the place aforesaid, In any other than iW^/^-built shipping, and navigated as aforesaid, (0 shall be deemed aliens goods, and pat accordingly to his Majesty, his heirs and fuecettors, and to rhi town or port into which they shall be imported.

X. And for prevention of all frauds which may be used ir colouring or buying of foreign ships, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, and it is hereby enacted, That from and aftei the first day of April, which shall be in the year of our Lore one thousand six hundred sixty-one, no foreign-built ship 01 vessel whatsoever shall be deemed or pass as a ship to Enghmi, Ireland, Waifs, or town of Berwick, or any of them belonging, or enjoy the benefit or privilege of such a ship or vessel, until such time that he or they claiming the said ship ot vessel to b< theirs, shall make appear to the chief officer or officers of the customs in the port next to the place of his or their abode, that he or they are not aliens, and shall have taken an oath before

SS0.] Anno duodecimo Caroli II. c. i 8. 457

>re such chief officer or officers, who are hereby authorized The oath to he

o administer the same, that such ship or veflH was born side and administered.-

v ithout fraud by him or them bought for a valuable confi-

leration, expressing the sum, as also the time^ place and per*

ons from whom it was bought, and who are his part-owners

[if he have any); (2) all which part-owners shall be liable to

+take the said oath before the chief officer or officers of the custom-house of the port next to the place of their abode, and that no foreigner directly or indirectly hath any part, interest or share therein; and that upon such oath he or they shall receive a certificate under the hand and seal of the said chief officer or officers of the port where such person or persons so making oath do reside, whereby such ship or vessel may for the future pass and be deemed as a ship belonging to the said port, and enjoy the

privilege of such a ship orvenel j and the said officer or officers

+shall keep a register of all such certificates as he or they shall so give, and return a duplicate thereof to the chief officers of the customs at London, for such as shall be granted in England, Wales, and Berwick* and to the chief officers of the customs at Dublin, for such as shall be given in Ireland, together with the names of the person or persons from whom such ship was bought, and the sum of money which Was paid for her, as also the names of all such persons who are part-owners of her, if any such be.

XI. And be it further enacted, by the authority aforesaid, officers of the That if any officers of the customs shall from and after the said customs not to first day of April allow the privilege of bang a ship or vessel allow any pri-to England, Ireland* Wales, or town of Berwick* or any of them belonging, to any foreign-built ship or vessel, until such certificate be before them produced, or such proof and path taken certificate or before them; (2) or if any officer of the customs shall allow proof, &c. the privilege of an English-built ship, or other ship to any the dluredby aforesaid places belonging, to any English or foreign-built ship ^Annas, c. 37. coming into any port, and making entry of any goods, untilu examination whether the; master and three fourths of the mariners be English; (3) or shall allow to any foreign-built ship bringing in the commodities of the growth of the country where it was built, the privilege by this adfc to such ship given, until examination and proof whether it be a ship of the built of that country, and that the master and thtee fourths of the mariners are of that country; (4) or if any person who is or shall be made governor of any lands, islands, plantations or territories in Africa, Acts or America* by his Majesty, his heirs or sucessors, shall suffer any foreign-built ship or vessel to load or unload any goods or commodities within the precincts of their governments, until such certificate be produced before them, or such as shall be by them appointed to view the same, and examination whether the master and three fourths of the mariner* at least be English; (5) that for the first offence such officer of the customs and governors (frail be put oi)t of theif places, offices or governments.

458 Anno duodecimo Caroli II. c.i8. [1660.

XII. Provided always, That this act, or any thing therein Iwrient* or contxfrad* extend not, or be meant, to restrain and prohibit the Levant importation of any the commodities of the or Levant-

In part re- Seas, loaden in English built shipping, and whereof the

by master and three fourths of the mariners at lead are English,

6 Geo. i.c. 14. fpQjji thg ufua] ports or places for lading of them heretofore within the said Straights or though the find commodities be not of the very growth of the said places.

East-Indi*.

XIII. Provided also, That this act or any thing therein commodities, contained, extend not, or be meant, to restrain the importing of any Eq/l-India commodities loaden in English built ship- ping, and whereof the master and three fourths of the mariners at least are English, from the usual place or places for lading of them in any part of those Teas, to the southward and eastwaro of Cabo bona Efptranza, although the said ports be not the very places of their growth.

Protifo for

XIV. Provided also, That it shall and may be lawful to echromSpain ^or any of the people of Inland, Iralt: , islands of

Portugal, A- Guernsey or Jersey, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, in vessels sores, Madera or ships to them belonging, and whereof the master and three <*C*"*ry fourths of the mariners at least are English, to load and bring

"n"* in from any of the ports of Spain ox Portugal, or weftem istands,

commonly called Azores, or Madera or Canary istands, all forts of goods or commodities of the growth production or manufacture of the plantations or dominions of either of them respectively.

Proviso for XV. Provided, That this act, or any thing therein con---?n'tained, extend not to builion, nor yet to any goods taken, or byway of that shall be bona fide taken, by way of repnlal by any ship

reprisal. or ships belonging to England, Ireland or Wales, islands of

Guernsey or strfey, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, and whereof the master and three fourths of the mariners at least are English, having commission from his Majesty, his heirs or successors.

Provilb con-

XVI. Provided always, That tins act, or any thing therein efitawiand conta'nec^» frail not extend, or be construed to extend, to lay aliens duties upon any com of the growth of Scotland, or to any salt made in Scotland, nor to any fish caught, saved and cured by the people of Scotland, and imported directly from Scotland in Scotch built ships, and whereof the master and three fourths of the mariners are of his Majesty's sub-Goodsof jects; (2) nor to any leal-oil of Russia, imported from

Kuifia. thence into England, Inland, Wales, or town of Berwtii

upon Tweed, in shipping bona fide to some of the said places belonging, and whereof the master and three fourths of the The duty pay. mariners at least are English.

'able upon

XVII. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted, That every I00*1*.ship or vessel belonging to any the subjects of the French King,

Enforced by' wWch from and after the twentieth day of October in the year ij&itCar.*. of our Lord one thousand six hundred and sixtyftull come

c. 11.1.14.. ipto

459

1660.] Anno duodecimo Caroli II. c. 18.

into any port, 'creek, harbour or road of England, Ireland, Irales* or town of Berwick upon Tweed, and shall there lade or unlade any goods or commodities, or take in or set on shore any passengers, shall pay to the collector of his Majesty's customs in such port, creek, harbour or road, for every ton of which the said ship or vessel is of burthen, to be computed by such officer of the customs as shall be thereunto appointed, the sum of five shillings current money of England: (2) And that no such ship or vessel be suffered to depart out of such port, creek, harbour or road, until the said duty be fully paid: (3) How long to And that this duty shall continue to be collected, levied and continue, paid, for such time as a certain duty of fifty foils per ton, lately impofisd by the French King, or any part thereof, shall continue to be collected upon the shipping or England lading in France, and three mouths after and no longer.

XVIII. And it is further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Sugars, tobac-That from and after the first dav of Aprils whiph shall be in the co>&c- of tjje year of our Lord one thousand six hundred sixty-one, no sugars, pi^ations. tobacco, cotton-woo), wsdicoes, ginger, fufticx, or other dying Enlarged as to wood, of the growth, production or manufacture of any English rice and met-plantations in America, Ma or Africa, shall be shipped, carried, hfa hJ 3 & 4 conveyed or transported from any of the said English plantations

to any land, island, territory, dominion, port or place whatso- g ever, other than to such other English plantations as do belong Geo. 1. c.xt. to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, or to the kingdom of f»*«

England or Ireland, or principality of Wale$y or town of Berwick upon Tweed, thereto be laid on shore, (2) under the penalty of the forfeiture of the said goods, or the full value thereof, as also of the ship, with all her guns, tackle, apparel, ammunition and furniture; the one moiety to the King's majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him or them that shall seize, inform or sue for the same in apy court of record, by bill, plaint, or information, wherein no essoin, protection or wager of law shall be allowed.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That for every ship or vessel, which from and after the five and wales, fiiil-twentieth day of December in the year of our Lord one thousand ing to any six hundred and sixty shall set fail out of or from England\ Ire- English plan-lindy Wales, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, for any English tatl?ns °^m plantation in America, Aha or Africa, sufficient bond shall be ^Africa, shall given with one surety to the chief officers of the custom-house of be bound with such port or place from whence the said ship shall set fail, to the sureties to value of one thousand pounds, if the ship be of less burthen than one hundred tons; and of the sum of two thousand pounds, if intoEneiand the ship shall be of greater burthen; that in case the said ship or &c. s*vessel shall load any of the said commodities at any of the said Farther provi-English plantations, that the same commodities shall be by therelating to said ship brought to some port of England, Ireland, Wales, or to^g the port or town of Berwick upon Tweed, and shall there unload 7Cm % % 0 j; \ and put on shorp the same, the danger of the seas only except- 8: Annas, c. 13. ed: (2) And for all ships coming from any other port or place f* n-

to

460

Repealed as to Inland by it&tjur.t. c. 6. f. xi. Ships coming from other places to any of those plantations. Therespective governors to return the bonds taken twice yearly to the chief officers of the custom in London.

This return to hi modi once a year, tec. aa&a 3 Car. a. c.s6.J. is.

Persons who shall convey away any goods without entry and a. greement for the custom. is Car. s. C.+.

The penalty.

13 & 14 Car. 1. c.u. (. 5.

8 Annas, c. 7. f. 17.

No proceeding against any upon this

Anno duodecimo Caroli II. €.19. [1660.

to any of the aforesaid plantations, who by this act are permitted to trade there, that the governor of such English plantations shall before the said ship or vessel be permitted to load on board any of the said commodities, take bond in manner and to the value aforesaid, for each respective ship or vessel, that such ship or vessel shall carry all the aforesaid goods that shall be laden on board in the said ship to some other of his Majest/a English plantations, or to England^ Inland, Walrt) or town of Berwick upon Tweed: (3) And that evety ship or vessel which shall load or take on board any of the aforesaid goods, until such bond given to the said governor, or certificate produced from the officers of any custom-house of England, Inland, Wales, or of the town of Berwick) that such bonds have been there duly given, shall be forfeited with all her guns, tackle, apparel and furniture, to be imployed and recovered in manner as aforesaid; and the said governors and every of them shall twice in every year after the first day of January one thousand six hundred and sixty, return true copies of all such bonds by him so taken, to the chief officers of the custom in London. Confirmed by 13 Car. z. stat. 1. c. 14.

S

CAP. XIX.

An act to prevent Frauds and Concealments of his Majesty's Customs and Subsidies.

BE it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords and commons in this present parliament assembled, That if any person or persons 1 at any time after the first day of September one thousand six hundred and sixty, shall cause any goods for which custom, subsidy or other duties are due or payable by virtue of the a ft passed this parliament, (intituled, A subsidy granted to the king of tannage and poundage, and other sums of money) payable upon merchandize exported and imported) to be landed or conveyed away without due entry thereof first made, and the customer or collector, or his deputy agreed with; that then and in such case, upon oath thereof made before the lord treasurer, ' or any of the barons of the exchequer, or chief magistrate of the port or place where the offence shall be committed, or the place next adjoining the reunto, it shall be lawful to and for the lord treasurer, or any of the barons aforesaid, or chief magistrate of the port or place where the offence shall be committed, or the place next adjoining the reunto, to ifluo out a warrant to any person or persons, thereby enabling him or them, with the assistance of a (n$riff, justice of peace or constable, to enter into any house in the day-time where such goods are suspected to be concealed, and in case of resistance to break open such houses, and to seize and secure the same goods so concealed 3 and all officers and ministers of justice are hereby required to be aiding and afltfting the reunto.

II. Provided always, That no house shall be entred by virtue of this act, unless it be within the space of one month after the offence supposed to be committed,

IU,

1660.] Anno duodecimo Caroli II. c. 20 — 22. 461

III. Provided also, That this act shall continue in force unto iralef* the end of the first session of the next parliament, and no longer. SL

IV. Provided also, That if the information whereupon any the offence

house shall come to be Searched, shall prove to be false j that committed, then and in such case, the party injured shall recover his full The continu-damages and costs against the informer, by addon of trespass of tbu to be therefore brought against such informer. Damage* and

13 Car. a. flat. 1.1.7. Ana by 1 Am. flat. 1.1.13. f. 2. and by costs against

9 Ann. t. 6. f. 2. Made perpetual by 3 G/t. 1. c, 7.», fe io&nn-

CAP. XX.

An act for the raising of sevenscore thousand Pounds, for the compleat Disbanding of the whole Army, and paying Part of the Navy.

EXP.

CAP. XXI.

An act for the speedy raising of seventy thousand pounds, for the present supply of his Majesty.

EXP. 13 and 14. Car. a. c. 10.

CAP. XXII.

An act for the regulating of the trade of bay-making in the Dutch bay-hall in Colchester.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by the special favour of Queen Elisabeth there was a congregation of Dutch people tolerated to practise the art and trade of bay and say making in the town of Colchester in the county of Essex; and for the upholding the credit of the said trade, and for the avoiding and punishing all umft and fraudulent, dealings therein, there have been divers good anamdable orders and constitutions made, which were confirmed by letters patents under the great seal of England in the tenth year of King James, and by several orders made by the late King's privy-council j the JlriB and ex* aft execution of which said orders and constitutions by the governors of the Dutch bay-hall there, hath brought that kind of lb-apery into, high credit, not only at home, but also in foreign parts, and that by reason of the said trade, many thousands of poor people, both within the said town of Colchester and places thereabout, are daily imployed and set to work: (2) notwithstanding which said orders, and Grievance. the care of the governors of the said Dutch bay-hall, many fraudulent and deceitful commodities, and flight and naughty bays, have been and daily are by the secret and crafty practices of some men made in the said town, and are weekly brought and conveyed to London by certain persons using the trade of buying and selling of Colchester bays, before fuen time as the said bays. have been viewed, searched, measured and sealed by the f worn officers of the said Dutch bay-hall; which said bays so deceitfully and fraudulently made, are transported beyond the seas under the name, and oftentimes with the seal of Colchester bays, whereby the bays there t made are not of that credit and esteem as formerly: For the preventing of which said practices and deceits, (3] Be it enacted by the King's most excellent ma- Confirmation jesty, with the afient of the lords and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by authority of the same, That the^bpy-hall governors of the said Dutch bay-hall in Cokhester, and the Dutch people there living, shall and may from henceforth peaceably and quietly ufc and exercise the free trade of making bays* fays,

and.

2

All bays made at Colchester must be carried to the Bat-ball and searched.

No fuller shall work any bays not searched and allowed*

Penalty of weavers and fullers offending.

Third offence.

No bays to be carried out of the town until searched and allowed.

[Penalty.]

Penalty for crrnnt*rfigiting

Anno duodecimo Caroli II. C. 21. [1660.

and other foreign draperies within the said town of Calchester, and be permitted to govern the said trade in their ailemblies and congregations, with all such liberties, privileges, immunities, and in as full and ample manner, as they have at any time heretofore enjoyed the same by virtue of any order, grant or toleration to them made by Queen Elizabeth, King James, or the late King Charles of blessed memory, or any of them.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons whatsoever, from and after the twentieth day of September in the year of our Lord one thousand six hundred and sixty shall weave or cause to be woven within the said town of Cohnester^ or the liberties thereof, any bay known by the name of four and fisties, fixties, sixty-eights, eighties and hundred bays, and shall not within two days alter such weaving, carry or cause such bay to be carried to the Dutch bay-hally called the Raw-holly there to be viewed and searched, to the intent it may appear whether the same bay be well and substantially wrought, before as the said bay shall be carried to be scoured anc! thicked; (2) or if any fuller or thicker, or other person using the art or trade of fulling or thicking of bays, shall receive any such bay to be fulled and thicked before such time as the said bay hath been carried to the said Raw-hally and there stamped and marked, as by the orders of the said hall it ought to be; (3) That every such weaver that shall so convey the said bay, and every such fuller and thicker that shall receive such bay, before the lame be damped and marked as aforesaid, shall forfeit for the fird offence the sum of forty shillings, to be levied by di-dress and sale of the offender's goods, returning the overplus, the necessary charges of didraining being fird deducted; (4] and such forfeitures, in case such bay be made by an English mader-maker, then the same to be accounted for to the' mayor and commonalty of the said town for the benefit of the popr of the said town; and in case such bay be the bay of a Dutch maf-ter-maker, then the same to be disposed by the governors of the said Dutch bay-hall for the use and benefit of the poor of the said Dutch congregation; and for the second offence shall forfeit the sum of five pounds, to be levied and disposed in manner abovesaid; and for the third offence, not to be permitted to work any more within the town of Colchester or liberties thereof.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons shall buy any of the aforesaid bays, or convey or carry, or cause such bay to be conveyed or carried out of the said town of Colchester, before such time as the said bay hath been viewed, searched, stamped, foaled and measured as aforesaid, by the (worn officers of the said Dutch bay-hall thereunto appointed, that in such case the said bay so bought or carried, or offered to be carried or conveyed away, as aforesaid, shall be confiseated, the one moiety to him or them that seize the same, and the other moiety to the poor of the parish where the said bay shall be taken and seized.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons whatsoever shall from and after the

1660.] Anno duodecimo Carou II. c. 22. 463

the said twentieth day of September counterfeit or cause to be the cornora-counterfeited any of the seals used by the corporation or congregation of the Dutch bay-bail in Cokhester, or shall, not being the officer thereunto by the said corporation appointed, and in the place by them thereunto appointed, affix any such seal or seals to any Cokhefter bays, whether counterfeited or not coun-i terfeited; that every person so offending, being thereof lawfully! convicted, shall for his first offence forfeit and pay to the use of the said governors of the said Dutch bay-ball the turn of twenty pounds, to be recovered in any of his Majesty's courts of record, or in the town-court of Cokhester, ' by any action of debt, bill, plaint, information or otherwise, wherein no essoin, protection or wager of law shall be allowed; (2) and for the f$-cond offence, being convicted as aforesaid, shall stand in the pillory in the market or most publick place where such offence shall be committed, for the space of one hour; (3) and for the third offence, being as aforesaid convicted, shall suffer as a felon: And if any bays shall be taken carrying or carried out of Cokhefter without the mark of the maker, that all such bay shall be forfeit.

V. And for the better discovering, finding out and punishing power to of the frauds and deceits aforesaid, be it further enacted by the search carts authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the go- packs, vemors of the said Dutch bay-hall, or their officers, or any of

them, from time to time in the day-time, to search any cart,

waggon or pack, wherein they shall have notice or suspect any such deceitful bays to be; and also from time to time with a x© search

constable, who are hereby reauired to be aiding and assisting to houses with a

them, to make search in any house, (hop or ware-house, where constable.

they are informed any such deceitful bays to be, and to secure

and seize the same, and carry the same to the said Dutch bay-

hall; (2) and that such bays so seized and carried to the said forfeiture of

hall shall be confiscate and forfeit, to be disposed in such man- deceitful bays.

ner as the forfeitures herein before-mentioned to be paid by the

weavers and fullers are herein before limited and appointed.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Power to make That for the better managing and regulating of the said art or by-laws, trade of making the bays aforesaid, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the governors of the said Dutch bay-hall, from time to time, to make, constitute and appoint such orders, bylaws and constitutions, as to them shall seem meet and reasonable.

VII. Provided, That no such order, by-law or cohflitution Who IM1 ap-to be made, either in diminution of the King's prerogative, or prove of them, the laws of this kingdom, be used or executed, until the same

orders, by-laws and constitutions have been examined and 'approved by the lord chancellor, lord treasurer of England, or chief justices of either bench, or any three of them, or before both the justices of assize in their circuit or progress in the said county of EJfexi upon pain of forfeiture of twenty pounds for every time they shall do the contrary. This act to begin and take et-

fedl

464 Anno duodecimo Caroli IL c. 23. [1660.

feet from the twentieth day of September one thousand fix him. dred and sixty.

CAP. XXIII.

A Grant of certain Impositions upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, for the Increase of his Majesty's Revenue during his Life.

THE atmmens qfembled in parliament, in gratitude foranhm ble acknowledgment of your Majfftfs great grace andfavour u j pour commons, beyond example of any year royal progenitors, exprefi in many publick afis and declarations, to the great rejoicing ani % m ral satisfactm of all your people, which they desire to anfiver % u returns suitable and exceeding the examples of assy of their anctftr. for the increasing of your Majesty's revenue during your Majtjtj reign, (which God long continueJ Do therefore give and grant unt your most excellent Majesty die rates and duties, impositioiu changes and Anns of money herein after following; and do be feech your Majesty that it may be enacted } (2) and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advic and consent of the lords and commons in parliament aflerobled That from and after the twenty-fifth day of December one tbx land six hundred and sixty, there shall be throughout your Majesty's kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, and town 0 Berwick upon Tweed, raised, levied, collected and paid unto you nCar.i. c. 14. Majesty during your life, for beer, ale, cyder and other liquor herein after mentioned, the several rates, impositions, duties vl charges herein after expressed, and in manner and form following: that is to say.

The rates given to his Majesty for fife.

Beer and ale above 6 s. the barrel.

Beer and ale of 6 s. the barrel.

Cyder, perry.

II. For every barrel of beer or ale above six shillings the bar-> rel, brewed by the common brewer, or any other person or I persons who doth or shall fell or tap out beer or ale publickly or f.privately, to be paid by the common brewer, or by such other f* person or persons respdSbvdy, and so proportionably for a great- I

cr or lesser quantity, one OulUne three peace.

III. For every barrel of six shillings beer or ale, or under, brew-"J

ed by the common brewer, or any other person or persons who I doth or (hats fell or tap out such beer or ale pubHckly or private- C -^ly, to be paid by the said common brewer, or by such other person or f 4 persons respectively, as aforesaid, and so proportionably for a \ greater or fefier quantity, three pence.

IV. For all cyaer and perry made and sold by retail, upon every hogftiead, to be paid by the retailer thereof, and to pro- \ xy j portion ably for a greater or lesser meafore, pne (killing three f

Metheglin,

Mead,

Vinegar-beer.

pence.

V. For all metheglin or mead fold, whether by retail or other- j wife, |to be paid by the maker thereof, upon every galion, one [

half-peny.

i VI. For every barrel of beer, commonly called vinegar-beer, brewed by any common brewer in any common brewhouse, fix

Ob.

vU

Strong-water. VII- For CYC, 7 ga^on of (trong water or aqua-vita, made and ?^6 # fold, to be paid by the maker thereof, one peny.

Beer and ale

imported.

peny.

VIII. For every barrel of beer or ale imported from beyond /

the leu, three nulling*. - (w'

IX. Fa

1660.] Anno duodecimo Ca&ou II. 0*33.

465

IX« for $vefy ton of cyd4r or perrjr imported from beyond the)feat, and fe proportionably for a greater or lesser quantity, five j v. s.

X. For every gallon of spirits made of any kind of wine or cy-«j der imported, two pence.

XI. for every gallon of strong water perfectly made, imported From beyond the seas, four pence

XXI. For every'gallon of cofte'e made and fold, to be paid by the maker thereof, lour pence '

XIII.* For every gallon of chocolate, (herbet and tea, made and fold, to be paid by the pUker thereof, eight pence.

are enlarged and ffintifmtd by .1* Car. a. c. <4* M Car. a. c. 5.

ivd.

iv.d.

VSii.d.

Cyder and perry imported.

Spirits imported. Strong-water imported* Coffee.

Chocolate# Theft dries

1 W. & M. fess.i*

c. 4.»W. kM. fess. a. c. 10. 3 & 4 W. &M. c. 1. 45c5 W. & M. c.-$# 3&I W. &M..C. 7. and c. ao. 7 &*W. 3. c. 30. 10& si W. 3. c, 21. 4 Annae, c. 6. 8 Ann*,

c. 7. 1 Geo. 1. fiat. i. q. n. f. 8. 6 Qeo. 1. c. 4.

XIV. And be it further enacted and ordained by the authority The excise aforesaid, "That the several rates, duties and charges of excise or new imposts above-mentioned, hereby set or imposed upon all ported*tobe and every the said foreign liquors which shall be imported or paid by die brought intd all or any the ports of this kingdom and dominions importers in thereof aforesaid, from apd after the five and twentieth day of "^Se, < December next, (half be' from time to time satisfied and paia by Sfait Wid* the merchant or xaerchants, importer or importers of the same, ing. in ready money, upon his or their entry or entiies made, and before the landing thereof. j

XVr And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Common That all comtfion brewers of beer and ale shall once in every brcwcr* to week, and all inn-keepers, alehouse-keepers, victuallers, and other retailers of beer, ale, cyder, perry, metheglin or strong wa- retailers of ter, brewing, making or retailing the same, shall once in every beer, ale, &c. month make true and particular entries at the office of excise, monthly, within the limits of which the said commodities and manufac-

tures are made, of all beer, ale, perry, cyder, metheglin, strong watery or other the liquors aforesaid, which they or any of them shall brew, make or retail in that week and month reipcdtively, as aforesaid.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, The penalty That all such common brewers who no not once g week make for not ac-due and particular entries, shall forfeit, five pounds: (2) And^eIJ.^5a, a that every such inn-keeper who doth not make true and parti-! r 21*cular entries once a month, shall forfeit five pounds: (3) And that every alehouse-keeper, victualler or other retailer, who doth not once a month make due and particular entries, shall forfeit twenty shillings.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every common brewer who shall not pay and clear off within a week after he made his entry, or ought to have made his entry, as aforesaid, shall pay double the value of the duty:

(2) And (hat every inn-keeper, alehouse-keeper, victualler or other retailer, who shall not pay and clear off within a month after he made his entry, or ought to hate made his entry, as aforesaid, shall pay double the value of the duty: (3) The said

No person to be compelled by the of of excite to go further for making their entries than the next market-town. Farther prow-/tons relating hereto 9x 5 Car.su c. it. f. 9. a The commit-, footers for execution of this act impowered to appoint gag-era. The power of the gagers.

Returns made by the gagers.

Anno duodecimo Caroli II. ezg.

[1660.

respective forfeitures to be levied upon thttir goods and chattels, in such manner and form as hereafter in this act is ordained and directed. (J; .7

XVIII. Provided, That no such person ns aforesaid shall he compelled by the of or sub-coH|n>issioners of excise, to travel for the making of the said entries or payment of tkj said duties or other cause whatsoever touching or concerning th same, if he livp in a market-town out of the said town \ if h< live out of a market-town, then to no ether place than to tin next market-town to his habitation in the same county, on thi market-day.

XIX. And be it further enacted and ordained by the author* ty aforesaid, That the of who shall he appointedbj his Majesty for putting this act in execution, and their sub-coni missioners in their respective circuits and divisions, shall herd have power to constitute under their hands and seals, such aa so many gagers as they shall find needful Which gageri and every of them, shall at all times, as well by night as by d« and if by night, then in the presence of a constable orotk lawful officer, be permitted upon their request to enter the houi brew-house, distilling-house, and all other houses and place Whatsoever belonging to or used by any brewer, inn-keepci victualler, or other retailer of beer, brewing or making the (am as aforesaid, or by any distiller of strong waters, of retailer q other the liquors aforesaid, and to gage ail coppers, fats andvef fels in the same, and to take an account of beer, ale, worts, pcs ry, cyder, strong waters, aqua-vita^ metheglin, or other the I quors aforesaid, in the said houses, places and vessels, from tits to time, brewed or made, and distilledi (3} and thereof t make return or report in writing to the said of cj sub-commissioners of excise, under whose office and limits fuc brewer, retailer, distiller, or maker of the liquors aforesaid, io\ dwell and inhabit, leaving a true copy of such return in writiii under his hand with such brewer, retailer, distiller or makers the liquors aforesaid; (4) and such reports or returns of thefai gagers shall be a charge upon the said brewers, makers and r< tailers respectively j (5) and if any such common brewer or« iailer shall refuse to permit any such gager or gagers to enter h brew-house, or any other place afore-mentioned, or to gage ( take account of his brewing-vessels, or of any, such beer, all worts, perry; cyder, strong Water, aqua-vita, metheglin, or oth| the liquors aforesaid, such brewer, retailer or distiller, shall I forthwith forbidden by the said gager or gagers to fell, an out or deliver to any of his customers any beer, ale, strong-wi ter, aqua-vitar9 or other the liquors aforesaid; (6) and if any fuc brewer, retailer or distiller, of any the liquors aforesaid, after fuc warning given, shall fell, carry or deliver out the same, or ar part thereof, not having paid and cleared the duty of excifi such person and persons shall, besides thp forfeiture of doub! the value, forfeit and lose the sum of five pounds, as aforefsic for every offence, to be levied and recovered upon his or thei

good

469

1660.y Anno duodecimo Carolt II. c. 23!

any thing in this act to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXX. Provided, That the said duty shall not be let to any other person or persons than to the person or persons recommended by the justices, under the rate that it shall be tendred to, and retufed by, such person or persons so recommended.

XXXI. And be it further enacted and ordained by the autho- Forfeitures rity aforesaid, That all forfeitures and offences made and com- and offences named against this act or any clause or article therein contained,

shall be heard, adjudged and determined by such person or per- fermTned. Tons, and in such manner and form as hereafter in and by this Hardr. 47S. aft is directed and appointed; that is to say, (2) all such torfei-Salk. 555. tores and offences made and committed within the immediate*M°d*' limits of the chief office in London, shall be heard, adjudged and determined'by the said chief of and governors of excise (appointed by his Majesty) or the major pan of them, or by the of fat appeals and regulating of this duty, or the major part of them, in case of appeal, and not otherwise:

(3) And all such forfeitures and offences made and committed within all or any other the counties, cities, towns or places within this kingclom or dominions thereof shall be heaid and determined by any two or more of the justices of the peace re- tiding near to the place where such forfeitures shall be made or offence committed: (4) And in case of neglect or refusal of such justices of the peace, by the space of fourteen days next after; complaint made, and notice thereof given to the offender, then the tub-commissioners or the major part of them appointed for any such city, county, town or place, shall and are hereby impowered to near and determine the same: (5) And if the party Appeals by find himself aggrieved by the judgment given by the said fob- parties grief-commissioners, he shall and may appeal to the justices of the«d* peace at the next quarter-sessions, who are hereby impowered and authorized to hear and determine the same, whole judgment therein shall be final; (6) which said of for appeals and regulating of this duty, and the chief of for excise, and all justices of peace and fob-commissioners aforesaid respectively, art hereby authorized and strictly enjoined and required upon any complaint or information exhibited and brought of any such forfeiture made or offence committed contrary to this act, to fommon the party accused, and upon his appearance or contempt to proceed to the examination of the matter of fast, and upon due proof made thereof, either by the voluntary confession of the party or by the oath of one or more credible witnesses (which oath they or any two or more of them have hereby power to adoninifter) to give judgment or sentence, according as in and by this act is before ordained and directed; and to award and issue out warrants under their hands for the levying of such forfeitures, penalties and fines as by this act is imposed for any such offence committed, upon the goods and chattels of the offender, and to cause sale to be made of the said goods and pfiattejs if they shall not be redeemed within fourteen

JH h 3 days,

468 Anno duodecimo Carou II. c. 23.

Beer aj^ ak

XXV. Provided always, That if any person or persons ll loid in fairs. brcw and fell by retail any (mail quantities of beer or ale inij fair within this realm or dominions aforesaid, who is not oil.wife any common or usual brewer or retailer thereof, and j before any such felling and retailing thereof, well and trulyj and fetisfy the duty due for the same to the commissione sub-commissioners within whose limits or divisions the said j shall be held, or to their officers thereunto appointed; that A such person or persons so brewing or retailing the same, and] so much and no more, norotherwise, shall be freed and discha cd from all penalties and forfeitures in and by this act befa mentioned and imposed; any thing therein contained to I contrary notwithstanding.

The comraif-

XXVI. Provided neverthelefe. That it shall and may beh fioner* may ful to and for the said of and sub-commission' compound respectively, to compound for this duty with any inn-kctjx kwp^reSSu victualler, alehouse-keeper, or retailer of beer, ale and other i er orvictual- liquors aforesaid, within their respective divisions from tin: kr. time, in such manner and form as may be most for the adra

tage and improvement of the receipts thereof; any thing iau aft before contained to the contrary nonvitbstanding.

Any the rates

XXVII. And it is further ordained and enacted by thautk in this act may rity aforesaid, That the lord treasurer or commissiontn of ti be (armed for treasury for the time being, or such other person or persons/ij three years. Majestiy shall appoint, shall have power and are hereby vk rized and impowered from time to time to treat, contract, a dude and agree with any person or persons forj>r concern the farming of all or any the rates, duties and charges in ttm: mentioned upon beer, ale, perry, cyder or other the liquoni foresaid, in any the respective counties, cities or places of ti realm or dominions thereof, as may be for the greatest beg and advantage of the said receipt, so* as the same exceed nor: term of three years.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That every such tra$, bargain and agreement of the lord treasurer or com sioners of the treasury, or other persons aforesaid, on behalf of! Majesty on the one part, and the person or persons farming the other part, shall be good and effectual in law to all into and purposes,

Persons con-

XXIX. Provided always, to the end the aforesaid duty s raftingthat, be paid with most ease to the people, it is hereby further m by thejuilices That the lord treasurer, of of the treasury or of the peace ther persons aforesaid, shall not within six months after cot in every coun- mencement of this act, treat, conclude or agree with any peri tSe or Person$ touching the farming of this duty upon beer and;

any farm. °*n respective counties or places of this realm or domii

ons thereof, other than with such person or persons as by 1 justices of peace of the said counties or places, or the major p; of them at their publick quarter-sessions, shall be nominated! appointed in that behalf, which person or persons is (0 have t first refusal of any such farm respectively, and may take the fam

47*

fAtirio dubddeiftto CAk&II. c.ij.'

Majesty Jbttt appiititto reeiibi the fitthe^ dndshall take tio fie or toati fot the Uxtottim of the said office, from other person than

from his Majesti of those whom his Majesty in that behalf

XXXIV. And be it farther enacted by the authority afore- certificates at said; That every fuph justice of peace shall certify the taking of the next quar-such Path to the next quarter sessions, there to be recorded; (2) ter-session*. and it h farther enacted, That ail parts of the cities of London

and Westminster, with the borough of S, and the several Southwark.

fobutbs thereof, and parities within the weekly bills of mortality, shall be under the immediate dare, inspection and management of the fad head office; (and such, and so many fabor- officers to be dinate commissioners and fnb-commissioners, ?nd other officers appointed by and mlniftets for the execution of the premises, shall be frcai Majesty. tinfe to time nominated and appointed by his Majesty, in all and every othCr the counties, cities, towns and places within this kingdom of Ettgldnd, dominion Of tV&Us and port of, as from time to time his Majesty shall think lit. (4) And it is The excise# hereby farther gracted, That (he said office of excise in ail pla- office to be ces where it shall be appointed, shall be kept Open from eight °Pcn' of the dock in the morning till twelve of the dock at noon, and from two of (he dock in the afternoon till five of the dock in (he afternoon, for the due execution and performance of all and every the matters and things in this act appointed and required.

(5) And If h further hereby enacted, That the said chief com- The pniffioriers of excise, or the majdr part of them, shall from time collected to (6 rime iffile forth and pay such' faffi and fams of money, as shall* P*1 !nto from time to time be received, tolleded or levied by virtue of this t^exche. ad, into his Majesty's receipt of exchequer. quer.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any persons Cued person or persons shall at any time be foed or prosecuted for any may plead the thing by him or them done or executed in puniiance of this act, general issue. he or they shall and may plead the general issue, and give this

ad in evidence for his defence; (2) and if upon the trial a ver-did shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs be nonsuited, then such the defendant or defendants shall have double costs to him or them awarded against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

XXXVI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no writ or Writs of cer-writs of certiorari shall supersede execution or other proceedings, tiorari shall upon any order or orders made by the justices aforesaid m pur- not ffiperiede fuance of this act, but that execution and other proceedings shall fpg, f>rocee*and may be had and made thereupon, any such writ or writs or allowance thereof notwithstanding.

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That proviso for this act, or any thing therein contained, shall not be prejudicial Edw. Back, to Edward Backwtll alderman of London, as to the sum of twen- well for pay# ty eight thousand four hundred and fifty pounds, or any part "5"^thereof by him advanced upon the credit of several orders of

this present parliament, and by them charged on the receipt of the grand excise$ that is to say, the sum of five thousand pounds

47? Anno duodecimo Caroli II. &?4»V. '[iUo.

payable to his Majesty's surveyor general for the repair of te Majesty's houses, charged by virtue of an order of the fixthoi September one thousand six hundred sixty, with interest for the same; the sum of ten thousand pounds advanced to her high, ness the Princess royal, being charged with interest by an order of the thirteenth September, one thousand six hundred sixty, the sum of ten thousand pounds payable to her Majesty the Quec of Bohemia, being charged, together with interest, by an order of the thirteenth of September, one thousand six hundred sixty, the sum of three thousand four hundred and fifty pounds payable for provisions for Dunkirk, by an order of the twenty-sixth of November one thousand six hundred sixty; which sum of twee-ty-eight thousand four hundred and fifty pounds, together mi the interest for the same, according to the tenor of the said orders, after the rate of fix per cent. shall be paid to the said Edward Backwell or his assigns, out of the grand excise, and the arrears thereof, in dourse, as is by the dud orders appointed; and in case the same shall fall ihort in payment by the twenty, fifth of December one thousand six hundred and sixty, that thea the remainder shall continue secured to him out of the whok excise in course as aforesaid, and that no other payments lx made out of the excise, but what is appointed by this prese parliament in course to precede the same, until the said debt due to the said Edward Backwell be satisfied; and that in case any part of the monies due to alderman Backwell, be paid out at' that part of the excise which shall grow due to the King's majesty, that then his Majesty shall be reimbursed the same out of, the first jnoni.es that shall come in of the arrears of excise that will be due the said twenty-fifth of, December. Confirmed by if fan 2. flat. i. cf 7.

CAP. XXIV.

An act for taking away the Court of Wards and Liveries, and Tenures in Capite, and by Knights Service, and Purveyance, and for settling a Revenue upon his Majesty in Lieu thereof.

Thereafauof WHEREAS it hath been found by former experience, Thattk this act. courts of wards and liver res, and tenures by knights-fmnu,

either of the King or others, or by knights service in capite, or cage in capite of the King, and the conferments upon the same, bm been much more burthensome, grievous and prejudicial to the kingdom, than they have been beneficial to the King: (2) And whereas fmcc th, intermission of the said court, which hath ficcn from the four ad twentieth day of February which was in the year of our Lord am thousand six hundred forty and five, many persons have by will mi otherwise made difpefal of their lands held by knight s-servicey wbcri-upon dwers questions might possibly arise, unless same seasonablt mi-ay be taken to prevent the Jame j (3) be it therefore enacted by the King our sovereign lord, with the assent of the lords and commons in parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, and it is hereby enacted, That the court of wards and liveries,

1660.] Anno duodecimo Caroli II. 0*24. 473

and all Wardships* liveries* primer feifins and oufterlqhains^Thc court of values and forfeitures of marriages, by reason of any tenure of and lithe King's Majesty, or of any other oy knights-service^and all faTm* kc*, rnean rates, and all other gifts, grants, charges incident or taken away, arising, far or by reason of wardships, liveries, primer feifins or oufterlcmains be taken away and discharged, and are hereby enacted to be taken away and discharged, from the said twenty- % fourth day of February one thousand six hundred forty-five; ' any law, statute, custom or usage to the contrary hereof in any 'wise notwithstandingJ(4) And that all fines for alienations. Fines foralie-seizures and pardons for alienations, tenure by homage; and all nations, &c. \ charges incident or arising, for or by reason ot wardship, livery, ta*cn* pritner, seisin or oufterlemain, or tenure by knights-fervite, ef-cuage, and also, aid pur file marrier, and pur fair fitz chivaHer, all other chains incident thereunto, be likewise taken away and discharged* from the said twenty-fourth day of February one thousand six hundred forty and five; any law, statute, custom or usage to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding:

X5) And that'all tenures by knights service of the King, or ofxciniw# -any other person, and by knights-service in tapite, and by foe- kmghts-fer-age in tapite of the King, and the fruits and consequents there- vice taken*of, happened or which shall or may hereafter happen or arise awa* thereupon or thereby, be taken away and discharged, any law, statute, custom or usage to the contrary hereof in anywise notwithstanding; (6) and all tenures of any honours, manors, lands, tenements or hereditaments, or any estate of any inheritance at the common law, held either of the King, or of any other person or persons, bodies politick or corporate are hereby enacted to be turned into free and common (ocage, to all intents and purposes, from the said twenty-fourth day of February one thousand six hundred forty-five, and shall be to construed, adjudged and deemed to be from the said twenty-fourth day of February one thousand six hundred forty-five, and for ever thereafter turned into free and common (ocage; any law, statute, ., custom or usage to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding.

II. And that the same shall for ever hereafter stand and be Tenures by > discharged of all tenure by homage, efeuage, voyages royal and homage, efeu-charges for the same, ward ships incident to tenure by knights- age, &c.dlf-service, and values and forfeitures of marriage, and all other c

charges incident to tenure by knights-feFvice, and of and from aide pur file marrier, and aide pur fair fitz thivalier; any law, statute, usage or custom to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding: (a) And that all conveyances and devises of any manors, lands, tenements and hereditaments made since the said jtwenty-fourth day of February, shall be expounded to be of such effe£]t, as if the same manors, lands, tenements and hereditaments had been then held and continued to be holden in free and common focaee only; any law, statute, custom or usage to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding.

III. And be it further ordained and enacted by the authority

474

The alb of 3* H. S. C. 4. fcj* H.S. c.i», repealed.

All teams to be created bp the King here-after Audi be free and common socage. Dyer 44. pi. at*

Prvrffefer

rents certain, heriotii &e.

Fines for alienations due by particular customs of ma-

Tennres in Frtutk Almoign.

Copy

roll.

of court-

Honorary fer-yices.

Parents may

dispose of the ctlstody of children during their minority.

Vaughan t77« % Mod. 14*

Anno duodecimo Caroli II. 144.' [16d

of this present parliament, Thu MW mtde in the reign King Hnnythe Eighth, intituled.

the court of the King's wards; and also one idl of paiiianM made in the thirty-third year of the reign of the said K= Hatty the Eighth, concerning the officers of the court of wa and liveries, and every clause, article and matter in the said a contained, shall from henceforth be repealed and utterly void

IV. And be it farther enacted by the authority dbrefud, Th

all tenures hereafter to be created by the King's majeslj, i hears or successors, upon any gifts or grams of any manor lands, tenement* or hereditaments, of any dtate of hsheritaa at the common law, shall be in free and common socage, a shall be adjudged to be in free and common socage only, s not by knights-service or its tapite, and shall be di (charged all waidship, value and forfeiture of marriage, livery, prim fitifin, tttfUrkmesirt, aid* par four fox pur

any law, statute or rtfervation to the contrary thereof in aej wise notwithstanding.

V. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That this s& or any thing herein contained, shall not take away, nor be cm strura to take away, any rents certain, he riots or foies of coon belonging or incident to any former tenure how taken away a altered by virtue of this act, or other Cervices incident or belonging to tenure in common socage, due or to gToW due to tin King's majesty, or mean lords, or other pritate person, or tfe fealty and distrefls* incident thereunto) .(2) and that (iich relief shall be paid in respect of such rents as is paid in case of 1 death of a tenant in Common socage.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That any thiq herein contained fhaffl not take away, nor be codftrued to tab away, any fines for alienation due by particular customs of particular manors and places, other than fines for alienations a lands or tenements holden immediately of the King in

VII. Provided aho, and be it further enacted, That this act,

or any thing therein contained, shall not take away or be coo-strued to- take away, tenures in Frank, or to subjer:

them to any greater or other Cervices than they now are; (2) not to alter or change any tenure by copy of court roll, or any Cervices incident thereunto; (3) nor to take away the honorary Cervices of grand-forjeantry, other than of wardship, marriage and value of forfeiture of marriage, efeuage, voyage* royal and Other charges incident to tenure by knight«-serv ice; and other than mdf pur faitr fists chivdUer, and aide pur fit marrier.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That where any person hath or foall have any child or children under the age of one and twenty years, and not married at the time of his death. That it shall and may be lawful to and Cor the father of such child or children, whether born at the time of the deueafe of the father, or at that time in ventre fa mere, or whether such father be within the age of one and twenty years, or of full age, by hi* deed executed in flis life-time, or by his

lift

MB

1660.] Anno duodecimo Caroli II. c. 44.

aft will and testament in writing, in the preface of two or store credible wknestes, in such manner, and from time to time, as he shall respectively think fit, to dispose of the custody and tuition 0 iinch child or children, for and during Inch time as be or they shall respectively remain -under the age of one and twenty years, or any lesser rime, to any person. or persons in poflcmon or remainder, other than popish rectsfants; (2) and that such dispoikion of the custody of such child or children made since the twenty-fourth of February one thousand six hundred forty-five, or hereafter to be made, shall be good and effectual against all and every person or persons claiming the ctifto-dy or tuition of such child or children as guardian m foeage or otherwUe: (3) And that such person or person*, to whom the Action* of ra-custody of such child or children hath been or (halt be fb dif-

posed or devised as aforesaid, shall and may maintain anaction of ravishment of ward or ttdpass, against any person or persons which shall wrongfully take away or detain such child or children, for the recovery of such child or children;(4) and shall and may recover damages for the same in the said action, for the use and benefit of such child or chrldrch.

IX. And be it further enacted, That such person or persons, The land* of to whom the custody of such child or children hath been or children, and shall be so difyofed or devised, shall- and may take into his or ment of^Seir their custody to the use of such child or children, the profits of pyribnal estate all lands, tenements and hereditaments of such child or children j by their guar-and also the custody, tuition and management of the goods, dian*. chattels and personal estate of such child or children, till their respective age of one and twenty years, or any lesser time, according to such disposition aforesaid > (2) and may bring such action or actions in relation thereunto, as by law a guardian in common socage might do.

X. Provided also, That (his aft, or any thing therein contained, (halt not extend to aher pr prejudice the custom of the city of London* nor of any other city or town corporate, or of the town of Berwick upon Tweed* concerning orphans; nor to discharge any apprentice from his apprentfceship.

XI. Provided also, That neither this act, nor any thing- f.therein contained, shall infringe or hurt any title of honour, w m»e* of " feodal or other, by which any person hath or may have right honour feodaL to fit in the lords house of parliament, as to his or their title of

honour, or fitting in parliament, and the privilege belonging to them as peers; this act, or any thing therein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XII. And whereas by likeexperience it hath been That Purveyance*

though divers good* Jiriit* and wholesom laws have been made in the and proviGon*

times of fmdry his Majests ntofl noble progenitors* some extending ^ouftwlcTtaf '* ft far as to life* for reirefs of the grievances and oppressions commit-^awa,

tea by the persons employed for making provisions for the King's hous-hold, carriages and other purveyance for his Majesty and his oxcafions; yet divers oppressions have been fill continued* and several eounties

hope submitted themjebves to Jwtdrp rates and, tones and compositions*

to

Purveyances far the King, Queea, &c.

Timber, carts, carriages, 5tc. taken away. Altered by 13 Car. a. stat. i. c. I. f. a.

13 & 14. Car.*, c. so. f. i. & x Jac. a. c. 10.

No pre-emption to be allowed or claimed in behalf of the King, See.

*The penalty.

Anno duodecimo Caroli II. c. ±4.' [166:

H redeem themfiches firm fitebvexation (2) hi

strafmueb as tit liras and amnamsajfembled in parliament

that the find remedies art netfulij effefinal, and toot n» ether rmr.\ will he ft effefitud and just, as te take away the octafin there efpeeiaUj if satisfaction and reeempentt be therefore nude ti

Majesty, his heirs and fiucejjirsfluhiehis herebypreviJedte his Mnjtfc gotdaking and untent \ his Majesty is theref ore graciously please That it may be enacted; (3) and be it enacted by the icin' tnoft excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent 0 the lords and common* in this present parliament assembled That from henceforth no Aim or Aims of money or other this shall be taken, raised, taxed, rated, imposed, paid or lend for or in-regard of any provision, carriagesor purveyance fj his Majesty, his heirs or successors.

XIII. And that henceforth no person or persons by any war rant, comma Sion or authority under the great leal or otherw

S colour of buying or making provision or purveyance for hi qefty or any Queen of Bngusni for the time being, or of an] the children of any King or Queen of England for the time be ing or that shall be, or for his, their or any of their houfholi, shall take any timber, fewel, cattle, com, grain, malt, bar draw, victual, cart, carriage or other thing whatsoever, ofao) the iubjedU of his Majesty, his heirs or successors, withoutth free and full consent of the owner or owners thereof had and obtained without menace or inforpement; (2) nor shall fen-mon, warn, take, use or require any of the said subjects, la tumifti or find any horses, oxen or other cattle, carts, plough; , wains or other carriages, for the use of his Majesty, his bon or successors, or of any Queen of England, or of any child a Children of any the Kings or Queens of England for the tut being, for the carrying the goods of his Majesty, his hein successors, or the said Queens, or children or any of then, without such full and free consent as aforesaid; any law, statutt, custom or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That no pre-emption shall be allowed or claimed in the behalf of his Majesty or of any heirs or successors, or of any the Queens ef England, or of any the children of the royal family for the time being, in marker or out of market; (2) but that it be for ever hereafter free to all and every of the subjects of his Majesty, to fell, dispose or employ his said goods to any other person or persons as himkli fifteth, any pretence of making provision or purveyance or victual, carriages or other thing for his Majesty, his heirs and successors, or of the said Queens or children, or any pretence of pre-emption in their or any of their behalfs notwithstanding: (3) And if any person or person shall malge provision or purveyance for his Majesty, his heirs or successors, or any the Queens or children aforesaid, or impress-or take any such carriages or other things aforesaid, on any pretence or colour of any warrant aforesaid, under the great seal or otherwise, contrary

1660.] Anno duodecimo Caroli II. c/2'4. 477

trary to the intent hereof* it shall be lawful for the justice of peace, or such two or one of them as dwell near* and to the constables of such parish or village where such occasion shall happen* at the request of the party grieyed, and they are hereby enjoined, to commit or cause to he commited the party or parties so doing and offending to gaol, till the next fenions, there to be indicted and proceeded against for the same j and that the officers and inhabitants of the village or parish where such offence shall happen, shall be assistant therein; (4) and moreover, the party grieved shall have his action or aaions a* gainst such offender or offenders, and therein recover his treble damages and treble costs: In which action, no eiloin, wager No action up-of law, aid-prayer, privilege, protection, imparlance, injunc-on fta*utc tion of order of restraint shall be granted or allowed: (5) And order if any Oerson or persons shall (after notice given that the action of the court depending is grounded upon this statute) cause or procure any where such action , at the common law grounded on this statute, to be de-&ion delayed or flayed before judgment, by colour or means of any or- Pendt* der, power, warrant or authority, save only of the court where such action shall be brought and depending, or after judgment had upon such action, shall cause or procure execution of such judgment to be (tayed or delayed by colour or means of any order, warrant, power or authority, save only by writ of error or attaint, or order of such cqurt where fuen writ of error ox attaint shall be depending; that then the person so offending shall incur the pains, penalties and forfeitures ordained and provided by the statute of provision and pntmmire made in the Prasmunire, sixteenth year of the reign of King Richard the Second: (6) 16 R-c* $ Provided always, That this act extend not to prejudice any of provif0forthe his Majesty's rights, titles or duties of, in or to, or out of any fhmnaries,tin in the stannaries of Devon and Cornwall, nor to prejudice butlerage, the ancient duties of butlerage and prizage of wines; but that pnzage. the same shall be in the same plight that the same were before the making of this act; any thing herein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding. (7) And now to the intent and purpose that his Majesty, his heirs and successors, may re- for th* count^ ceive a full and ample recompence and satisfaction, as well for of ward^aiidl the profits of the said court of wards, and the tenures, ward- purveyances* ships, liveries, primer feifins, oujler le mains, and other the premises and perquisites incident thereunto; and for all arrears any way due for the same, as also for all and all manner of purvey-.

ance and provisions herein before-mentioned, and intended to be taken away and abolished; and all Turns of money due or

pretended to be due or payable for and in respect of any compositions for the same:

XV. Be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That uCat.s.r.yj. there shall be paid unto the King's majesty, his heirs and fuc- Rates of the.; cessors for ever hereafter, in recompence as aforesaid, the so-veral rates, impositions, duties and charges herein after expressed* and in manner and form following: That is to say,

Anno duodecimo Cakoli II. c. 24.

[166c

XVI. For evejy bairri of beer or ale above six Shillings the bar-'! rd, brewed by the common brewer, or any other person or I persons who doth or shall fell or tap out beer or ale publickly or I privately; to be paid by die common brewer, or by such other C 1 person orperfoo* respectiyrly, and so proportkmahly for a great- \

cr or kfler quantity, one falling three pence, J

XVII. For cvcr^barreloffix shillings beer or ale, or under, brew-"*

ed by the common brewer, or any other person or persons who I doth or ftuil fell or tap oat such beer or afe publickly or private-1 -ly, to be paid bytbe f*ia common brewer, or by such other person or f^persons refipeainely, as aforesaid, and so proportionably for a 1 greater or lesser quantity, three pence.

XVIII. For all cyder and perry made and (old by retail, upon every hogshead, to be paid by the retailer thereof, and so pro- C portwnably for a greater or lesser measure, one shilling three f pence. ----- - — J

XI;

XIX For all metheglinor mead fold, whether by retail or other- j wife, to be paid by the maker thereof, upon every galion, one

1

Ob

u

half-pony.

XX. i For every barrel of beer, commonly called Vinegar-beer, brewed by any common brewer in any common brewbou/e, fix

XXI. For every gallon of strong wafer or aqua-yit*, made and J ftM, to be paid by the maker thereof, one peny. ----- — J

XXII. For every barrel of beer or ale imported from beyond (.

the teas, three shillings. -- — fw<#,

XXIII. For every ton of cyder or perry imported from beyond

the Teas, and (b proportion ably for a greater or lesser quantity, Vu, fiveshillings --- — -----.

XXIV. For every gallon of spirits made of any kind of wine

or cyder imported, two pence > — > — ii.d.

XXV. For every gallon of firong-water perfectly made, imported from beyond the feat, four pence ----- ----- iv. d,

XXVI. For every galon of coffee made and fold, to be paid by the maker thereof, four pence ----- ----- -- iv. I

__________ XXVII. For every gallon of chocolate, (herbet and tea, made

% fcar, % c+. and fold, to be paia by the maker thereof, eight pence — viiii

f. 1.

The duties on

XXVIII. And be it further enacted and ordained by the a coffee, &c. r#-thority aforesaid, That the several rates, duties and charge* (Urt^excise, or new imports above mentioned, hereby set or impose upon all and every the said foreign liquors which shall be in ported or brought into all or any the ports of this kingdom an dominions thereof aforesaid, from and after the five and twa tieth day of December next, shall be from time to time satis/ic and paid by the merchant or merchants, importer or imports of the same, in ready money, upon his or their entry or enf/i made, and before the landing thereof.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority afore&d That all common brewers of beer and ale, shall once inever week, and all inn-keepers, alehouse-keepers, victuallers an other retailers of beer, ale, cyder, perry, metheglin or rtrong brew^<hiu- water> brewing, making dr retailing the same, shall oncei keepers, ' &c."every month make true and particular entries at the office excite, within the limits of which the said commodities aw manufactures arc made, of all beer, ale, perry, cyder, methe

Explatmdby

9.6.

Rates of excite upon foreign liquors imported, to be paid in money before landing.

Entries to be made at the excise-office

1S60.] Anno duodecimo Caroli II. c.' 24. 479

glin, strong-water or other the liquors aforesaid, which they Or any of then shall brew, make or retail in that week and month respectively a» aforesaid.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, The penalty That all such common brewers who do not once a week make for not nuk-due and particular entries, shall forfeit ten pounds: (2) And in8 entries, that every such inn-keeper who doth not make true and parti*

cular entries once a month, shall forfeit five pounds: (3) And that every alehouse-keeper, victualler, or other retailer who doth not once a month make due and particular entries, shall forfeit twenty shillings.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, The penalty That every common brewer who shall not pay and clear off for not pay-within a week after he made his entry, hr ought to have made "'S'

his entTy, as aforesaid, shall pay double the value of the duty:

(2) And that every inn-keeper, alehouse-keeper, victualler, or other retailer who shall not pay and clear off within a month after he made his entry, or ought to have made his entty as aforesaid, shall pay double the value of the duty: - (3) The said respectiveforfeitures to be levied upon their goods and chattels, in such manner and form as hereafter in this act is ordained and directed.

XXXII. Provided, That no such person as aforesaid shall be favhstylnoce

compelled by the of, or sub-commissioners of the «ntnes»*«o* excite, to travel for the making of the said entries or payment of ntvj

the said duties or other cause whatsoever touching or concerning^,

the same, if he live in a market-town, out of the said town; >5 car.

he live out of a market-town, then to no other place than toc- f- 9* the next market-town to his habitation in the same county, on the market-day.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted and ordained by the au- -n, epewergof thority aforesaid, That the of who shall be appoint- the commifoo-cd by his Majesty for putting this act in execution, and thrir nen to ap-sub-commissioners in their respective circuits and divisions, shall point gagers, hereby have power to constitute under their hands and seals

such and so many gagers as they shall find needful: (2) Which — f

gagers, and every of them, shall at all times, as well by night tj, e

as by day, and if by night, then in the presence of a constable or other lawful officer, be permitted upon their request to enter the house, brew-house, distilling-house, and all other houses and places whatsoever belonging to, or used by any brewer, innkeeper, victualler, or other retailer of beer, brewing or making the same, as aforesaid, or by any distiller of strong waters, or retailer of ether the liquors aforesaid, and to gage all coppers,

fats and vessels in the same, and to take an account of beer, ale, worts, perry, cyder, strong waters, metheglin, or

other the liquors aforesaid, in the said houses, places and vessels, .<

from time to time brewed or made, and distilled; (3) and thereof to make return or report in writing to the said of or sub-commissioners of excise, under whose office and limits such brewer, retailer, distiller or maker.of the liquors

Penalty for felling, lee. not having cleared the excise.

Anno duodecimo Caroli II. jc*24«\ [1660.

ouorsafpreftud 4ot)f dwell and inhabit* tewiagra/trur copy of such return in writing uftder his hand with: such bidwer, re^ tailer, distiller, or maker of the liquors tfore&id; (4) and such reports or return! of the said g*ger».1hall hta charge upon the said brewers, makers and retailers respe<9tivdy: (5): And if any such common brewer, maker or retailer* shall refuse to permit any such gager or gagers to enter his bnew-house or any other places afore mentioned, or bo gage or take account of hfs brewing vessels, or of any such beer, ale, worts, perry* cyder, strongwatinr*qmrvit*y metheglin, or other the liquors.aforesaid, such brewer, retailer or aistiller, shall be forthwith forbidden by the feidgager or gagers, to fell, carry out.or deliver to any of his customers, any beer, ale, strong-watec, oqua-vitax or other the liquors aforesaid; (6) and if any such breWer, retailer, or distiller of any the liquors aforesaid, after such warning given, shall fell, early or deliver out the same* or any part thereof, not having paid and cleared the duty of excise, Cuch person and persons shall, besides the forfeiture of double the value, forfeit and lose the sum of ten pounds as aforesaid, for every offence, to be levied and recovered upon his or their goods and chattels in manner and form as hereafter in this act is provided.

IVoftrtfcnis*

XXXIV. And for the avoiding of all incertainty and.dispute beiabfcrvedin touching the returns made or to be made by the gagqrs of returns of any beer or: ale so brewed as aforesaid; (2) be, it; enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid, That every (ix and thirty gallons of beer taken by the gage according to the standard of thq ale-quart, four whereof shall make the galion, remaining in the custody.of the chamberlains of his Majesty's exchequer, shall be reckoned, accounted and returned by the gager, for a barrel of beer, and every two and thirty gallons of ale taken by the gage according to the same standard, shall be in like manner reckoned, accounted and returned for a barrel of ale, and all other the liquors aforesaid according to the wine gallon.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it enacted and ordained by retailers toob- the authority aforesaid, That no brewers or retailers of beer and ale, shall take any more in the price thereof, upon sale of the" same, than according to the usual rates and prices saving; that every common brewer shall and may take and receive of all and every person and persons to whom he shall fell and deliver any ale or beer, the excise thereupon due as aforesaid, over and above the usual rates and prices.

Encourage-

XXXVI. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That ment to brew- for the better encouragement of all common brewers and mak-true entries ers of beer or ale to make due entry and payment thereof according as by this act is appointed, the said common brewer, not Allowance for same by retail, for and in consideration of wall# by

watte and fillings and leakage of their beer and ale, shall have and be al-

ltakage. lowed oat of the said returns made by; the gagers, the several

allowances and abatements hereafter mentioned, (that isto say} upon every.three and twenty barrels of beqr, whether strong

01

mw-

Brewers and

rates and prices.

481

1660.] Anno duodecimo Caroli II. C. 24.

or small, returned by the said gagers, three barrels; and upoij every two and twenty barrels of ale, whether strong or small j returned by the gagers, two barrels; which said allowances and abatements the said of to be appointed as aforesaid j and their sub-commissioners, are hereby authorized to allow and make accordingly.

XXXVII. Provided always, That where iny common brew- Forfeiture for er shall wittingly or willingly make a false entry, and be con- making fall* victed for the same before the of to be appointed aintJcje». aforesaid, or any two of them, or before such other person or persons as are hereafter by this act appointed, in that case such brewer or brewers shall forfeit and lose over and besides the penalties before-mentioned, the said allowance so to be rfiade, fot six months then next ensuing.

XXXVIII. And be it enacted and ordainfed by the authority Nb beer, &c.

fforesaid, That no beer or ale shall be delivered in by such to be deliver-brewer or maker thereof, to any victualler or other retailer there- the

of, until the rate which by such victualler 6r retailer is^ to be the CTtci^be paid over and above the price of the said beer Or ale, for or in paid by the respect of this duty, be first paid and satisfied by the said viCtu- mailer, aller or retailer, to the brewer or maker thereof

XXXIX. Provided always, That if any pferfdn or persons FWifo for shall brew and fell by retail any small quantities of beer or ale beer and ale in any fair within this realm or dominions aforesaid, who is fold in fain, not otherwise any common or usual brewer or retailer thereof, and shall before any such felling and retailing thereof, well and truly pay and satisfy the duty due for the same to the of or sub-commissioners within whose limits or divisions the said fair shall be held, of to their officers thereunto appointed; that then such person or persons so brewing or retailing the same, and for so much and no more, nor otherwise, shall be freed and discharged from all penalties and forfeitures in and by this act before mentioned and imposed; any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XL. Provided nevertheless, That it shall and may be lawful J* commis-to and for the said of and sub-Commissioners rt- compound for spectively, to compound for this duty with any inn-keeper, ^in victualler, alehouse-keeper or tttailer of beer, ale fend other the their divisions, liquors aforesaid, within their respective divisions, from time to time, and in such manner and form as may be thrift for the advantage and improvement of the receipts thereof; any thing in this act before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLI. And it is further ordained and enacted by the autho- T*1? P^r of rity aforesaid, That the lord treasurer, or of of the (brc^&c^to" treasury for the time being, or such other person or persons as contract for his Majesty, his heirs and successors shall appoint, shall have farming any power, and are hereby authorized and impowered from time tobc.rat?# time to treat, contract, conclude and agree with any person or mtlu# persons for or concerning the farming of all or any the rates, duties and charges in this a# mentioned, upon beer, ale, perry, cyder or other the liquors aforesaid, in any the respective counties,

4*i

Ferfoni to be approved by the justices of the peace, See. within six months, to haVfe the fefu-fill of con trailing for the excite in their respective counties.

Forfeitures and offences within this act, how to be determined.

London.

Counties, cities, Scc. with-this kingdom.

Krglefts of the justices.

Anno duodecimo Caroli JL e.ifc

cities or places of this realm or dotairifohs tlrefeof, is: be for the greatest benefit and advantage of the said tcceip, as the same exceed not the term of three pears.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That- every such conr Bargain and agreement of the lord tresrsurer, or coinmHfc of the treasury, or other persons aforesaid, on behalf Majesty' on the one part, and the person or persons ftrmh* the other part, shall be good and effectual in law, to all ins fend purposes.

XLIII. Provided always, to the end the aforesaid duty: be paid with most case to the people, it is hereby farther acted, That the lord treasurer, commissionert of the treat* othfer persons aforesaid, shall not withni six months after commencement of this act, treat, conclude or agree with: ] person or persons touching; the farming of this duty upoay and ale in any tlife respective counties or places of this mb, dominions thereof, other than with such person or period by the justices of peace of the said counties or places, or tfei jor part of them; at their publick quarter-sessions shall be: diinated and appointed in that behalf, which person or peri-is to have the nrft refusal of any such farm reTpedndjr,: may take the same; any thing in this act to the coatrvyther of in any wise notwithstanding.

XLIV. Provided, That the said duty shall hot beteto ac other person or persons, than to the person or persons rccoa mended by the Suffices, under the rate that it shall be teat to, and refused by, such person or persons so recommended!

XLV. And be it further enacted and ordained by the air rity aforesaid, That all forfeitures and offences made, done<j committed against this act, or any clause or article thereiner tained, shall be heard, adjudged and determined by such^son or persons, and in such manner and form as hereafter and by this act is directed and appointed; that is to &y, f: ). such-forfeitures and offences made and committed within: immediate limits of the chief office in London, shall be her^ adjudged and determined by the said chief commissionersr governors of excise (appointed by his Majesty) or the m\

[>art of them, or by the commissioners for appeals, and ns! ating of this duty, or the major part of them, in case of appr. and not otherwise: (3) And all such forfeitures andoffo made and committed within all or any other the counties, cfe towns or places within this kingaom or dominions dice: shall be heard and determined by any two or more of the j: dices of the peace residing near to the place where such forte tures shall be made or offence committed: (4) And in ail neglect, or refusal of such justices of the peace, by the space fourteen days next after complaint made, and notice there given to the offender, then the sub-commissioners, or them jor part of them, appointed for any such city, county, tow Qr place, (hay are hereby unpowefed to hear and deter

BUG

166os.] Anno duodecimo Caroli II. c. 24; 48$

mine the same; (5) and if the party find himself aggrieved by the judgment given by the said sub-Commissionm, he shall ana

S appeal to the justices of the peace at the next quarter->ns, who are hereby impowered and authorised to hear and determine the same, whose judgment therein shall be final 1

(6) which said of for appeals, and regulating of this duty, and the chief of for excise, and all justices or peace, and sub-commissioners aforesaid respectiycly, are hereby authorized and (bri£lly enjoined and required, upon any complaint or information exhibited and brought of any such forfeiture made, or offence committed contrary to this act, to summon the party accused, and upon his appearance or contempt, to proceed to examination of the matter of fact, and upon due proof made thereof; either by the voluntary confefi*

(ion of the party, or by the path of one or more credible witnesses (which oath they or any two or more of them have hereby power to administer) to give judgment or sentence, according as in and by this act is before ordained and directed, and.to award and issue out warrants under their hands, for the le- Levying the vying of such forfeitures, penalties and fines* as by this act is forfeiture*, imposed for any such offence committed, upon the goods and chattels of the offender, and to cause sale to be made of the Taid goods and chattels, if they shall not be redeemed within Fourteen days, reridring to' the party the overplus, if any be, uid fbrwant'of sufficient distress, to imprison the party offending till satisfaction be made.

XLVI. Provided nevertheless, That it shall and may be lawful I^ewer to mi-: o and for the said respective Justices of the peace, commission- F'5ate t*ieor' m-s for excise, or any two of them, or their sub-commissioners ure* espectively, from time to time, where they shall see cause, to nitigate, compound or lessen such forfeiture^ penalty or fine, is in their discretion they shall think fit; and that every such nitigation and payment thereupon accordingly made, shall be 1 sufficient discharge of the said penalties and forfeitures to the tersons so offending; so as by such mitigation the same be not made less that double the value of the duty of excise* which hould or ought to have been pad, betides the reasonable costs nd charges of such officer or officers, or others as were im-Joyed therein, to be to them allowed by the said justices; any hing in this act to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding

2) And it is hereby further enadtea and oretained, That all How die does ines forfeitures and penalties mentioned in this act, all nectf- bd forfci-iry charges for the recovery thereof being first deduced, shall emptoved. e imploved, three fourth parts thereof to and for the use f the King's majesty, and one fourth part to the difooverer r informer of the same. (3) And for the better managing, olledling, securing, levying and recovering of all and every le said rates and charges of excise hereby imposed and set pon all or any of the commodities before-mentioned, to the nd the same may be paid and disposed of according to the

I i a intent

4 U Anno duodecimo Caroli II. c. 24.

[1

On* principal intent of this prefect ad, (4) be it further eoaded a. J? dained by authority aforesaid, and it is hereby enacted,

ia Louden. one principal head office shall be erected and continued rj city of London, or within ten miles thereof, from time tons long as his Majesty shall think fit, for this duty, onto*all other offices for the same within England and Walts, attown and port of Berwick, shall be subordinate and accouir which said'office shall be managed by such officers as tht appointed by the King's majesty, as aforesaid, who, or atr of them, lire hereby appointed and constituted commit and governors for the management of his Majesty's rex: excise, and to fit in same convenient place in the city of L or within ten miles thereof, from time to time, as long Majesty shall think fit, for the ends aforesaid.

XLVII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, no person or persons shall be capable of intennedfing wirt office or imployment relating to the excise, until he or they: before two or more justices of peace in the county, where i their imployments shall be, or before one of the barons 5 exchequer, take the oaths of allegiance and supremacy, n oaths they have hereby power to administer, together whh oath following, mutatis mutandis.

The oath. (2) XTOU/balljwear to exteutt the of

X truly and faithfull, without favour or affefium, <ri.i from time to time true accou snake and deliver to per fix a

fins as his Majesty/boll appoint to receive, and food .*

fee or reward for the execution of the said office, from assy cthr fin than from his Majesty, or those whom bit Majesty Jballs in that behalf.

XLYIU. And be it further enacted by the authority f said) That every such justice of the peace shall certify the -u of such oath to the next quarter-sessions. there to be rear: London, West. (2) And it is further enacted, That all parts of the cite'"er* ^fC London and Westminster, with the borough of Southwark, arc the manage- ^cvcra* suburbs thereof, and parishes within the weekly bi: ment of the* mortality, shall be under the immediate care, inspection. chief office, management of the said head office, (3) and such and so d subordinate commifikmers and sub-commissioners, and d All commis- officers and ministers for the execution of the premises, flu. fioner», tec.to from time to time nominated and appointed by his Majesty, by hUMsSr heirs and successors, in all and every other the counties, etti gy.*towns and places within this kingdom of, dominion

Wales, and port of Berwick, as from time to time his Majd his heirs and successors, shall think fit. (4) And it is hot Times In further enacted, That the said office of excise in all places wtx

hilfh il'l?*l^appointed, shall be kept open from right of the da

kept opciun^c morn*n8 rill twelve of the clock at noon $ and from n

of the clock in the afternoon till frye of the clock in the ih

noon, for the due execution and performance of all and eve

4*5.

0.] Anno duodecimo Caroli II. c. 24?

matters and things in this act appointed and required. (5). t it is further hereby enacted, That the said chiefcommissiop-dF excise, or the major part of them, shall from time to time '5 Forth and pay such Aim and sums of money, as shall from 2 to time be received, collected or levied by virtue of this into his MajestVs receipt of exchequer.

LIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any per.- The general or persons shall at any time be sued or prosecuted for any jlTue pleadable ng by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this act, " or they shall and may plead the general issue, and give this in evidence for his defence; (2) and if upon the trial a ver- shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff plaintiffs be nonsuit, then such defendant or defendants shall e double costs to him or them awarded against such plaintiff plaintiffs.

JL. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no writ or writs of Writs ofarti* iiorari shall superf$de execution or other proceeding, upon ar swi'nofuper* order or orders made by the justices aforesaid in purfusnep offedcal* is aft, but that execution and other proceedings shall and may: had and made thereupon, any such writ or writs, or allow-.ce thereof notwithstanding.

LI. Provided, That this act, or any thing therein contained, Proviso as to all not extend or be construed to extend in any manner to the act of ge-eaken or invalidate one act of this present parliament, intitu- neg!Pardon* d. An act of fret and geftejral pardon, indemnity and oblivion, but, a CI*tat every dapse, article, matter and thing therein mentioned id comprised, shall notwithstanding this act or any matter or ling the rein, remain good and valid, and be of the same force, irtue and effect, as if this act had never been made.

LII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Proviso con-ft, or an}r thine therein contained, shall not be prejudicial to cerning Ed* Edward Backweff alderman of London, as to the sum of twenty- ackwcU* light thousand four hundred and' fifty pounds (or any part there-)f) by him advanced upon the creait of several orders of this Drefent parliament, and by them charged on the receipt of the jrand excise; that is to say, the sum of five thousand pounds payable to his Majesty's Ajrveyor general for the repair of his Maje-[ty's houses, charged by virtue of an order of the sixth of September one thousand fix hunqred sixty, with interest for the same; the sum of ten thousand pounds advanced to her Highness the Princess Royal, being charged with interest by an order of the thirteenth of September one thousand (lx hundred sixty; the sum of ten thousand pounds payable to her Majesty the Queen of Bohemia, being charged together with interest, by an order of the thirteenth of September one thousand six hundred sixty 5 the sum of three thousand four hundred and fifty pounds payable for provisions for Dunkirk, by order of the twenty-sixth o (November one thousand six hundred sixty; which sum of twenty-eight thousand four hundred and fifty pounds, together with the interest for the same, according to the tenor of the said orders, after the rate of fix per cent. shall be paid to the said Edward Batiwell, or his I i 3 assigns.

Anno duodecimo Caroli II. c. 25. [1660.

asigns, out of the grand excise, and the arrears ttifcreof in course, as is by the said orders appointed3 and in c*fe the ftme shall fii! (hott in paytnent by thfc twenty-fifth of December one thousamj fi* hundred and sixty, that then the remainder fltaH cominu secured to him Okit of the whole fexcise in course, as aforefe and that no other payments tie thade out of the efccife, but whj is appointed by this ptefent parliament ha cdurfe to preceded fiftie, dnttl the said debt dub t6 the said Edward BaebueS be i fisfied 3 and that in case any part of the monies due to' aldenw BackwellYk paid out of that part of theexeife Which (hah growi to the King's knajeffyv that then His Majesty shall be reimbiri the ferhebut of the fifft monies that (ham cotne in of the ate p{ efccife that will bbdue the said twenty-fifth of iDecember* fe fririedfy\$Car.o, Jht.uC'j*

CAP. XXV.

An act for the better ordering the selling of Wines by Retail, and for preventing Abuses in the Mingling, Corrupting and Vitiating of Wines, and for settling and limiting the Prices of the same.

FOR the better ordering of felling of wines by retail in raven and otjier places, and for preventing of abuses therein, (: be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and wit , r*the content of the lords and commons in parliament assemblec

'and by the authority of the same, That no person or persons whatsoever, from and after the five and twentieth day of Man gfnt thousand six hundred sixty-one, unless he or they be authe rized and enabled in planner and form as in this present act i jpreforibed and appointed, ft^ll fell or uttet by retail, that is^ f he pint, quart, pottle or galion, or by any other greater lesser retail, meafore, any find of wine or wines to be drunk t.£pent within his or their mansion house or houses, or other p!s In his or their tenure or occupation, or without such manfia house or houses, of such other place in his or their tenure or cupafion, by any colour, craft or mean whatsoever j (3) upa The penalty*P1 to forfeit for every such offence, the sum of'five pounds for uttering*the one moiety of every such penalty to be to our sovereign loj wine by retail, the King; the other moiety to him or them that will sue for tl Carthcw»i6. by adkion of debt, bill, plaint or information, in any i the King's courts of record, in which action or suit no m yrager of law or* protection shall fre allowed.

His Majesty ' Jl. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Th; may issue out jt and may be lawful to and for his Majesty, his heirs 2n commissionsto successors, from time to time, tp issue out under his or thd "&* seal of England one or more commission or commissions &; rcCted to two or more persons, thereby authorizing them toll

cence and give authority to such person or persons as they ffiai thtok lit, to fell and utter by. retail all and every, or any kim of wine or wines Whatsoever, to be drunk and spent, as wJ within the house or houses, or other place in the tenure ora: cq

1660.] Anno duodecimo Caroli II. c. 25. 4?7

cupation of the party so licenced, as without, in any city, town or other place within she kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, and town and port of Berwick upon Tweed; (2) and such persons as from time to time, or at any time hereafter shall be by such aimmliiion or communions, as aforesaid, in that behalf appointed, shall have powqr and authority, and hereby bave power and authority, to treat and contrail for licence, authority and dispensetjons to be given and granted to any person or persons for the felling and uttering of wines by retaw in any city, town or other place* as aforesaid, according to the rules and directions of this preterit act, and the true intent and meaning thereof, and not otherwise; any law, statute, usage or custom to the contrary in ^ny wise notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, His Majesty's That such persons as shall 6e commissioned and appointed by win*

his Majesty, his hdrs or successors, as aforesaid, shall be and be Rccncwf may called his Majesty's agents for granting licences for the Celling grant licences and uttering of wine by retail: and his Majest/s said agents are not exceeding hereby authorized and enabled under their leal Of office, the lame to be appointed by his Majesty, tp grant licence for the Eyct n*Tellfbg and uttering of wines by retail to any person or persons, and for any time or term not exceeding twenty-one years, if such person or persons shall fb long live, and for such yearly rent Rent referred, as they cjm or shall agree and think fit, so as no fine be taken but no fine to for the same, but that the rent and fuiris of money agreed upon taJcco* and reserved be paid and answered half-yearly, by equal portions during the whole terra.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Licences only That such. licence shall not be given or granted but to such who to such asper-

shall personally iqfe the trade of felling or uttering of wines by it- f°n^ly use the tail, or to the landlord and owner of the house where the per-tra e* son using fudvfrade shall feH and utter wine by retail; nor shall wine licences the same be assignable, nor in any wise beneficial or extensive to not assignable. indemnify any person against the penalties of this present a except the first: takpr.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That The Kingmay'it shall and may he lawful to and for his Majeny, his heirs and appoint offi-

' successors, to.confeitute and appoint such and so many other of- ^Snk*fits fleers and ministers, fas a receiver, register, clerk, comptroller, messenger, or the Jjkc, for the better carrying jon of this service, Notexceeding ' as he and they shall think fit, fa as the salaries and wages of all six-pence in ' such officers to be appointed, together with the salary or wages ^d^alaxiesf ' of his Majesty's said agents, do not exceed six pence in the pound of the revenue that shall hence.arise.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, The revenue'That the rents, revenues, and sums of money hence arising,° JjJ

except what shall be allowed for the wages and salaries of such querfCand Jot*officers and ministers, which is not to exceed six pence out of to be charged every pound thereof, shall be duly and constantly paid and an- with any gift fwered into his Majesty's receipt of exchequer, and shall not be or Pensio»-oarticularly charged or chargeable, either before it be paid into

'488 Anno duodecimo Caroli II. C-25.' [1660.

the exchequer or after, with any gift or penfkm: (2) and \k The agents to Majesty's said agents are hereby enjoined and required to remr, -hemo t^e court of exchequer, every Midmeimas and Easter terms, j Mkhadma*1 upon ^ir oaths (which Oaths the barons of the exchequer, ? and Easter any ope of them, are hereby authorised to aainunifter) a bo:

term what li- fairly written, containing a full and true account of what licence

P1*!*?. have been granted the preceding half-year, and what rents an; ire gnxutfL^monCy are thereupon referred, and have been paid, a are in arreay, together with the Securities of the persons so in r. rear, to the end due apd speedy process may be 'made out k cording to the course of the exchequer, for the rpcovpry of tia same.

Frovilbfbr the

VII. Provided always, That this act, nor any thing the re two oniveifi- contained, shall pot in any wise be prejudicial to the privileged-S^Ltheir uniyerfities of this land, or either of them, nor to the

ynvueget. chancellors pr fpholars of the lape, or their faccessors; but tfe they may use and enjoy such privileges as heretofore the? hr* lawfully used and enjoyed, any thing herein to the contra norwitjiftandine.

PronSo for the

VIII. Provided also, That this ftd, por any thing therein «&-loaety of the tamed, shall pot extend to be prejudicial to the fnaitcri gardens, aUrtdon.0^ freemen and pommonalty of the mystery of vintners of tie city of London, or to any other city or town corporate; butthaithej may use and enjoy such liberties and privileges as heretofor? they have lawfully jufed and enjoyed, any thing herein conumec to the Contrary" notwithstanding.

Prorifoforthe

IX. Provided also, and be it engded by the authority afore-St.^lban*. ^id, That this act, or any thing therein contained, shall not any wife extend to debar or hinder the mayor and buigefJes the borough of St. Alims in the county of Hertford* or the I successors, from enjoying, using and pxerpfing of all such liberties, powers and authorities to them heretofore granted ta several letters patents under the great seal of England by Quca Elizabeth and King James of famous memories, for the erect*| ing, appointing, and lipenfing of three several 'wipe-tavern within the borough aforesaid, for and towards she jnWfltemna of the free school therebut that the same liberties, powers, and authorities shall be and are hereby established and continued, and shall remain and continue in and to t^ie Said mayor ani burgesses, and their successors, to and for the charitable use 2-foresaid, and according to the tenor of the letters patents aforesaid, as though this act had never been made; any thing here in contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

X. Provided also, That it Thai} not nor may be Jawfiil to cr for any officer or officers to be appointed by his Majesty forth carrying on of this ferviqe, to take, demand or receive any fees, rewards or Sums of money whatsoever, for or in respetf of tlris service, other than five Shillings 'for a licence, four pence for an acquittance, and six pence for a bond, tinder the penalty ot ten pounds; one mpiety thereof to the King's majesty; fftc iitlier moiety to the person or persons whd shall'roe'Tor the 6 1 same

fte % of tbs - officers*

6€>cr] Anno duodecimo Caroli II. c.ej^ 4^9-

ame by action of debt, bill, plaint or information, wherein 10 wjiger of law, essoin or protection shall be allowed; any nixing: herein, or any other matter or thing, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority afore- There fliaB be laid. That no merchant, vintner, wine-cooper or other person no mixture of felling or retailing any wine, shall mingle or utter any Spanish other wines or 'wine mingled with any French wine, or Rhenish wine, cyder, things, perry, honey, sugar, syrups of sugar, molasses, or any other syrups whatsoever, nor put in any isinglass, brimstone, lime, raisins, juice of raising, water, nor any other liquor nor ingredients, nor any clary or other herb, nor any sort of flesh whatr fbeverj (a) and that no merchant, vintner, wine-cooper or other person felling or retailing any wine, shall mingle or utter any French wine^ mingled with any Rhenish wines or Spanish vrines, cyder, perry, (rammed wine, vitriol, honey, sugar, fy-rup of lugar, molasses, or any syrups whatsoever, nor put in any isinglass, brimffone, lime, raisins, juice of raisins, water, in or any other liquor or ingredients, nor any clary or other herb; nor any sort of fleflv whatsoever; (3) and that no merchant.

Vintner, wine-cooper or other person felling or retailing any wine, ihalj mingle or utter any Rhenish wine mingled with any French wines or Spanish wines, cyder, perry, Hummed wine, vitriol, honey, sugar, syrups of sugar, molasses, or any other syrups whatsoever, nor put in any isinglass, brimstope, lime, raisins, juice of raisins, water, nor any other liquor or ingredients, nor any daiy or other herb, nor any sort of flesh whatsoever: (4) and that aH and every person and persons commit- The penalties ting any of the offences aforesaid, shall incur the pains and pe- of mingling or nalties nereip after mentioned; That is to say, every merchant, a*?using*7 wine-cooper, or other person felling any sort of wines in gross, wlnct* mingled Or abused as aforesaid, shall forfeit and lose for every such offence one hundred pounds; (5) and that every vintner or other persons felling any forts of wine by retail, mingled or abused, as aforesaid, shall forfeit and lose for every such offence the sum of forty pounds: (j6) of which forfeitures one moiety (hah go upto the King's Majesty, his heirs and successors; the other moiety to the informer, ' to be recovered in any court of record by action of debt, bill, plaint or information, wherein no essoin, protection or wager of law shall be allowed,

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That from and after The prices of she first day of September one thousand six hundred sixty and one, wines, no Canary wines, Mujkaieti or Jllegant, or other Spanish or fwefct pines, shall be sold or uttered by any person or persons within his Majesty's kingdom of England, dominion of Wales, and town of Berwick upon Tweed, by retail for above eighteen pence the

Suart: (2) and that no Gqfcoigne or French wines whatsoever iail be'sold by retail above eight pence the quart; (3) and that jio Rhenish wines whatsoever mall be sold by retail above twelve pence the quart (4) and according to thete rates. For a greater fujd jester quantity, ail and every the said wines shall and may

496 Anno duodecimo Caroli II. c. 2 — a8, [166bi

be sold) (5) upon pain and penalty that every such person or per.

fons, who shall utter or fell any or the said wines by retail, thati; to say, by the pint, quart, pottle Dr galion, or by any other greater or lesser retail treasure, at any rate exceeding The rata hereby limittsd, do-and shall forfeit-for every such pint, quart, pottle, galion, or other greater or lesser quantity sold by re-The penalties. tail, the fern of five pounds»the one moiety of which forfeiture shall be to our tovereigo lord the King, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him or them that will sue for die same, to be recovered in manner and form as aforesaid.

The lord'XIII. Provided nevertheless, That it lhaO and may be lawfij ycbancettor.&c. to and for the lord chancellor of lord treasurer, ford pre-

W yfc*, the fifient of the King's council, lord privy-seal, and the two chkf yearly, or fire, four or three of them: and they a hereby

or alter the authorized yearly, ^nd every year, between the twentieth day c: lame. /'fibvemier and the lafi day of and no other times, to

let the prices of all and every the said wines to be. Ibid.by retail, as aforesaid, at higher or lower rates than are herein contained; so that they or any of them cause the prices by them let to be written, and open proclamation thereof to be made in Che King's £ourt of chancery yearly interm-time, or xlle in the city, bo-tough or town-corporate where any such wine shall be ibid; (2) and that all and every the said wines shall and may be sold by retail at such prioes as by them, or any five, four or -three of them, shall he set as aforesaid, from time to time, -for - the (pace Of one whole year, to commence from the firflday of Jaext after the setting thereof, and no Joqger, and no greater prices, under the pains and penalties aforesaid, to he recovered as aforesaid: and afterwards, (3) and in default of such*. setting f prices by the said lord chancellor of, lord treasurer,

lord president of the King's council, lord privy-seal, and the two

chief justices, or five, four or three of them, as aforesaid, at the jrefpcftive rates and prices set by this act, and under the penal-< -ties as aforesaid, to be recovered as aforesaid. Confirmed 3 Car. z. fiat, j

CAP. XXVI.

An act for the levying of the Arrears of the twelve Months Assessment, commencing the twenty-fourth of June one thousand six hundred fifty nine, and the six Months Assessment, commencing the twenty-fifth of December one thousand six hundred fifty nine.

EXP.13.Car. 3. fbt. 1.

CAP. XXVII.

An act for granting unto the king's Majesty four hundred and twenty thousand Pounds, by an Assessment of threescore and ten thousand Pounds by the Month, for six Months, for Disbanding the Remainder of the Army, and paying off the Navy.

EXP. 13 Car. a. flat. 1. c. 7.

CAP. XXVIII.

An act for further supplying and explaining certain defects in an Act, intituled, An Act for the speedy Provision of Money for Disbanding and Paying off the Forces of this Kingdom both by Land and Sea.

EXP. 13 Car. 1. stat. 1. c. 7.

1660.] Anno duodecimo Caroli II. fc. 29, $0. 49

CAP. XXIX.

An act for the speedy raising of seventy thousand Pounds for the present Supply of his Majesty.

EXP. i % Car. % (tat. i. cap. 7.

CAP. XXX.

An act for the Attainder of several Persons guilty of the horrid Murder of his late Sacred Majesty King Charles the First.

IN all humble manner Jhewunto your most excellent, your xhe horrid

Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjectsthe lords and commons in murder of parliament qfftmbled, That the horrid and execrable murder of your K-inS.2larJe* Mtjfy't our late most graci Quriesjfe j^Swed

-Fuji, of ever bkjfed and glorious memory, bath been committed by a plotted.'rty of wretched men, desperately wieked, and bardned in their impiety, who having first plotted and contrived the ruin and definition <of this excellent monarchy, and with it, of the true reformed prott-Jiant religion, which had been so long protested by it and fiourished under it, found it necessary in order to the carrying on of weir pernicious and traitorous dfsigns, to throw down all the bulwarks and fences cf law, and to fubvertthe very being and-corjjtitution of parliament, that so they might at last male their way open 'qr any further attempts upon the fatred person of his Mfiifiy himselfy ( a.) and that for themore.easy effecting thereof, they did first /educe some part of 4br then arm into a compliance, and then kept the rejl in subjfettion to them, partly for hopes of preferment, and chiefly for fear ff losing their employ- ments and arrears, until by these, and other more odious arts and de-.vicesp they had fully strengthened themselves both in power and faction-, which being done, they did declare again/: all monnft<tf treaties with the person of the King, even then while a treaty by advice of both houses of parliament was in being, remqfirote against the houfis of parliament for such proceedings» Jeiase upon his royal-person while the commifionerswere returned to the house of parliament with his anfioer5 and when his coneessions had been voted a (ground for\peact jeizo upon the house of commons, seclude and dmprison same members, force otis others, and there being left but a small remnant of their own creatures (not a tenth part of the whole) did feel to Jbelter themselves by this weak pretence, under tpe name and authority of a parliament; (3) and in that name laboured to prosecute what was yet behind and mfi-nished of their long intended treajbn and conspiracy. 3b this purfiojf they prepared an ordinance for ere fling a prodigious and unheard-of tribunal, which they called An high court of justice, for trial of his Majesty; and having easily procured it to pass \in their house of commons, as it then flood moulded, ventiered to fend it up from thence to the peers then fitting, who totally rejected it; whereupon their rage find fury inercasing, they presume to pass it alone, as an act of the commons, and in the name of the commons of England; (4) and having gained the pretence of law made by a power of their own making, pursue it with all possible force and cruelty, until at last, upon the thirtieth day of January one thousand six hundred forty and eight, his faer ed Majesty was brought unto a sass old, and there publicity

49. Anno duodecimo Caroli II. c-joT [l&o,

murdered before the gates of his own royal palace: (jj) and becmft -this horrid allion 9the protestant religion bath received the grtst(. wound and reproach, and the people ^England the mof unfipport<& Shame and infamy, that it was possible for the enemies of God and a* Xing to bring upon us, whtlft use fanatick rage of a few mifcrax (who were as far from being true protojlints, as they were from k ing true subjects) Jlands imputed by our adversaries to the whole & tion: (6) we therefore your Majesty's said dutiful and loyal fab. jells, the lords and commons in parliament afleipbled, do hereby renounce, abominate and protest again# that impious fad, the execrable murder and most unparalleled treason committed against the sacred person and life of our said late sovereign yo^ Majesty's most royal father, and all proceedings tending the reunto, and do beseech your most excellent Majesty that it 01*7 be declared; (7) and be it hereby declared, that by the undoubted and fundamental laws of this kingdom, neither the peers of this realm, nor the commons, nor both together i? parliament or out of parliament, nor the people colieSivefy k representatively, nor any other persons whatsoever, ever had, have, hath or ought to have, any coercive power over the persons of the Kings of this realm: (8) and for the better vindica-! tion of our selves to poderity, ?nd as a lading monument of out otherwise inexpressible detedation and abhorrency of this villa-nous and abominable fall, we do further beseech your most excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted; (o) and be it hereby fL yearly an- called by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the nmrfary of advice smd consent of the lord? and commons, in this prefer humiliation parliament aflerabled, That every thirtieth day of January, un-on the 30th of }cfs ft hills out to be upon the Lord's day, and then the day r next following, shall be for ever hereafter set apart to be kept and observed m all the churches and chapels of these your M2* jesty's kingdoms of England and Ireland, dominion of Water and town of Berwick upon Tweed, and the ides of Jersey and Gum-fey, and all other your Majed/s dominions, as an anniverfer day of fading and humiliation, to implore the mercy of God, that neither the guilt of that sacred and innocent blood, norths other fins by which God was provoked to deliver up both us and our King into the hands of cruel and unreasonable men, may at any time hereafter be visited upon us or our poderity. The attainder (io) And whereas Oliver Cromwell deceased, Henry Ireton deceased, of the person* JQhn Bradshaw deceased, and Thomas Pride deceased, John Lik afumintlnn tVilL Say, fir Hardrefs Waller, Valentine Wauton, Thomas Harrifw, the murder of Edward Whalley, William Heveningham, Isaac Penington, Henrj hi* late Ma-'Martin, John Barkjlead, Gilbert Millington, Edmond Ludlow, fir jesty. Michael Livefey, Robert Tichbourn, Owen Row, Robert LHbcurn}

Adrian Scroop, John Okey, John Hewfm, William Gosse, Ccrrtek Holland, Thomas Ohalloner, John Carew, John Jones, Miles Car-bet, Henry Smith, Gregory Clement, Thomas Wogan, Edmond Harvey, Thomas Stot, William Cawley, John Downs, Nicholas Lm, Vincent Potter, Augustine Garland % John Dixwel, George FIcetuM fimon Meyn, James Temple, Peter Temple, Daniel Blagmc, Jh

Hfi

166b>] Anno duodecimo Caroli II. c. 3cr. A9i

mas Wayte, John Cook, Andrew BroughtonEdward

Ham Hewlett Hugh Peters, Francis Hacker, Daniel Axtel, are no-

toriously known to have been wicked and active instruments in the profedution and compassing that traiterous murder of his late Majesty 5 for which the said fir Hardrefs Thomas Har\fon, The bamesof

William Heveningham, Isaac Pennington Henry Martin, Gilberttheperfoa* Millington, Robert Titchborn, Owen Row, Robert Lilbunty Adrian

ScroopyJohn Carew, John Jones, Henry Smithy Gregory Clement, |d.

Edmond Harvy, Thomas Scot, John Downs, Vincent Pottery gujline Garlandy George Fleetwoody Simon James Temple,

Peter Temple, Thomas Wayte, John CookWilliam Hewlet, Hugh

Peters, Francis Hacker and Daniel Axtel, have already received their trial at law, and by verdict or their own confession have been convicted, and by judgment of law thereupon had, do now.

; stand duly and legally attainted; of whom ten persons, that i9 1 to say, nomas Harrtfon, Adrian ScroopJohn Carew, John Jones, The ten per-. Thomas Scot, Gregory Clement, John Cook, Hugh Peters, Francis ion* executed. Hacker and Daniel Axtel, have most deservedly differed the pains of death and been executed according to law, and the said Lijle, William Say, Valentine Wanton, Edward John Bark- The persons

t Jlead, Edmond Ludlow, fir Michael Lively> John John Hew- fled, i Jon, William Gosse, Cornelius Holland, nomas Challoner, Mies Ctr-

bet, William Cawley, Nicholas Love, John Dixwell, Daniel Bla-; grave, Andrew Broughton and Edward Dendy, are fled from justice, not daring to abide a legal trial: may it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; (n) and be it enacted by the authority of this present parliament. That the said Oliver Crom- The persons well deceased, Henry Ireton deceased, John Brad/baw deceased, and Thomas Pride deceased, shall by virtue of this act, be ad- brought to judged to be convicted and attainted of high treason to all in- trial attainted, tents and purposes, as if they and every of them respectively, had been attainted in their lives: (12) and also, that John Lijle, William Say, Valentine Wauton, Edward John The peHons '

Edmond Ludlow, fir Mcbael Livefy , John Okey, John Hewjon, fled attainted. William Gosse, Cornelius Holland, nomas Challoner, William Cawley, Miles Corbet, Nicholas Love, John Dixwell, Daniel Blagrave,

Andrew Broughton, Edward Dendy and every of them, stand and be adjudged, and by authority of this present act convicted and attainted of high treason: (13) and that all and every the ma- Their lands, nors, messuages, lands, tenements, rents, reversions, remain- tenementa.&c. ders, possessions, rights, conditions, interests, offices, fees, an-

nuities and all other the hereditaments, leases for years, chattels*

real and other things of that nature, whatsoever they be, of them*the said Oliver Cromwel, Henry Ireton, John Thomas Pride, John Lijle, William Say, Valentine Wauton, Edward ley, John Barkfled, Edmond Ludlow, fir Okey, John Hewson, William Gosse, Cornelius Holland, Thomas,

Challoner, William Cawley, Miles Corbet, Nicholas Love, John Dixwell, Daniel Blagrave, Andrew Broughton, Edward Dendy, Thomas Harrison, Adrian Scroop, John Carew, John Jones, Thomas Scot, Gregory Clement, Hugh Peters, Francis Hacker, John Cook,

494 Anno duodecimo Caroli II. t.gol (16604

Daniel AnteLfir Hkrdrefs Wader, William Hevtningham, Ifaai Pemingtou, Henry Marten, Gilbert AdiibngtOB,

Owen Row, Robert Lilbtm, Hoary Smith, Edmond Horry, Job*

Downs, Vincent Potter, August Fleetwood, Si-tb«y non Meyn, James Temple, Peter Tempi*, Wajte, which

anyoftbaB°r they or*7 n> or any other person or persons to their or

ajMudutyS. »7 of their uies, or in trust for them or my of them* hod the .' five and twentieth day of March in the year of our Lord one thousand six hundred forty and fix, or at any time Since, shall ft and and be forfeited unto your Majesty, ' your heirs and successors; (14) and Audi be deemed, vested and adjudged to be in the actual and real possession of your Majesty, without any office or inquisition thereof hereafter to be taken or found: (15) and also, that all and every the goods, debts and other the chattels personal whatsoever, of them the find Oliver Cremtocl, Henry Jre-ten, John Bradshaw, Thomas Pride, whereof at the time of their reSpeltive deaths, they or any of thetri, or any other in trust for them ok any of them, flood possessed in law or equity i (t6) and All their all the goods, debts and other the chattels personal whatsoever,

of them the said John Lip, William Say, Valentine Wanton, forfeited an(j0 ward Whalley, John Barkstead, Edmond fir Michael Lively,

veiled in his John Obey, John Hewson, William Cornelius Holland, Tiomai

Majesty, Challontr, William Cawley, Aides Cornet, Nicholas, John

we I, Andrew Broughton, Edward Thomas Adrian

Scroop, John Carew, John Jones , Thomas Scot, Clement,

Hugh Peters, Francis Hacker, John Cook, Daniel fir Hardrefs

Waller, William Heveningbaen, Isaac Henry Martin,

Gilbert AfilSngten, Robert Titchbourn, Owen Row, Robert Lilburn, Henry Smith, Edmond Harvey, John Downs, Vincent Potter, Au-wtaMof they gustine Garland, Georg0Fleetwood, Simon Afeyue, James Temple, Pr-

omt possest, ^Temple, Thomas Wajte, whereof upon the eleventh day of Fe-themj ° bruary one thousand six hundred fifty-nine, they or any of them* si Feb. 1659. «r any other in trust for them or any of them, flood possessed either in law or equity; (17.) shall be deemed and adjudged to' be forfeited unto, and are hereby vested and put into the actual and real possession of your Majesty, without any further office or inquisition thereof hereafter to be taken or found.

Proviso for

II. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforeconveyances said. That no conveyance, assurance, grant, bargain, fate, charge, nffr^Yr^tl>C of lease, grants and Surrenders by copy of

Benders. court-roll, estate, interest, trust or- limitation of any nfe of uses, of or out of any manors, lands, tenements or hereditaments, not being the lands nor hereditaments of the late King, Queen or Prince, or of any archbishops, bishops, deans, deans and chapters, nor being lands or hereditaments fold or given for the delinquency or pretended delinquency of any person or persons whatsoever, by virtue or pretext of any act, order, ordinance, or reputed a(51, order or ordinance, Since the fitft day of January one thousand six hundred forty and one; (a) nor any Statutes, statute, judgment or recognizance, had, made, acknowledged or judgments, foffejjd, to any person or persons, bodies politick or Corporate,

1656.] Anno duodecimo Caroli II. c.gctf 49

before the twenty-ninth day of September one thousand fix htun See. before the dred fifty-wine, by any of the offenders before in this act mention-9th of fed, or their heirs, or by any other person or persons claiming by, 1 from or under them or any of them, other than the wife or wives, child or children, heir or heirs of such person or persons or any of them, for money bond fidt to them or any of them paid or lent; (3) nor any conveyance, assurance, grant or estate For money made before the twenty-fifth of April one thousand six hundred and fijrtjr, by any person or persons to any of the offenders a* co'nveyzncn foresaid, in trust, and for the benefit of any other person or per- trnft ions not being any of the offenders aforesaid, or in trust for any before the bodies politick or corporate, shall be impeached, deseated, made5<-h of April Void or ffuftrated hereby, or by any of the comriftioos and at- said of- tainders aforesaid; (4) but that the same shall be held.and en- fender*, joyed by the.purchasers, grantees, lessees, assigns, tefitty u/es ctftwf q*t trnfty and every of them, their heirs, executors, administrators and assigns respectively, as if this act had not been tnade, and as if the said offenders had not been by this act, or by any other course or proceedings of law, convicted or attainted.!.' (o as the said conveyances, and all and every the grants Such convey-and assurances which by virtue of this act are and ought to be ances tobe held and enjoyed as aforesaid, shall before the first of yanaarj thTcoiutof which shall be in the year of our Lores one thousand fix.hundred exchequer be-sixty and two, be entred and enrolled of record in his Majesty'fc fore the firstdf (court of excha}uer and not otherwise; any thing in this act J*"-herein before contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority afore- Pr0Vy0^tj, e said, Xhat all and Angular the manors, lands, tenements and marquess of hereditaments, which at any time heretofore were the lands and Worceftej-, &c. pofle (lions of Henry late marquefe of W and Edward now

marquess of Worcester^ and Henry lord, (bn and heir apt-

parent of the said Edward marquess of, or any of them;

whereof or wherein the said Oliver Cromwel, or any other person or persons in trust for him or to his use, or any other the persons

attainted by this act or otherwise, or any person or persons in trust for them or any of them, had or claimed, or pretended to have any estate, right, title, possession or interest, at any time before or since the decease of the said Oliver shall be

and hereby are veiled and settled in, and shall be held and enjoyed by the said marquess of Woretfier and the said Henry lord Herberty in such manner and form, and for such estate- and estates, with such powers and privileges, as they formerly had in the same respectively; any thing in this present act contained, or any act, conveyance or assurance heretofore made or acknowledged by the said marquess of Wortiflery and Hen-

ry lord Herbert or either of them, unto the said Oliver Crmwel or any Other person or persons in trust for or to the use of the said Oliver Cromwely or any act or conveyance made or done by the said Oliver Cromwely or by any in trust for him, to any person whatsoever, to the contrary notwithstanding; (2) saving always. Saving

49$ Anno duodecimo Caroli II. c. jd' [t66b.

to all and every person and persims, bodies politick* and others, their respective heirs, successors, executors and administrators, all such right, title and interest in law and equity, which they? any of them have or ought to have, of, into jor out of any tie premisses, not being in trust for any the said offenders* nor derived by, from or under the fifid offenders, since the twenty-fifth day of March which was in the year of our Lord One thousand six hundred forty-six; ( ?) and that they the said person and psr-fons, bodies politick and other, their respectiycheirs, fuccdlors, executors and administrators and every of them, in all and every such case where his and their entry was lawful upon such offender or offenders, or the heirs pr assigns of, such ^offender or offenders, in or upon the said twenty-fifth dby of Marth one thousand six hundred forty and fix, or at any time since, maj without petition, monftrans de droit+oufler le main* or cither fui: to his Majesty, enter on the premises in his Majesty's possession or in the possession of his successors and patentees^ their heirs or assigns, in such manner, to sdl intents, sts he or they might have done on the possession of the said offenders, their heirs at assigns, in or upon the said twenty-fifth day of March or at any time since; any thing in this act to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding,

Proviso for

IV. Provided also, That all and every person and persons which

have received any of the rents or mean profits, of, in or out of pSdtheh- any the lands, tenements and hereditaments, chattels real or rents to the possessions, of any the offender or offenders in this act mention-offenders. ed, before the eleventh day of February one thousand six hundred fifty and nine, and have paid or accounted for the same before the said eleventh day of February one thousand six hundred fifty and nine, unto the said offender or offenders or their assigns, or to any claiming from or under them, shall be clearly and for ever acquitted and discharged of and from the same, against the King's majesty, his heirs and successors; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Proviso for V. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful to and Nkhard k" for Richard Ingtldjby, to retain and keep, or otherwise to fell and goidsby. dispose, all and Angular the goods and chattels fooneily belonging to Sir Hardrefs IValler in the kingdom of Ireland, until two thousand pounds, for which the said Richard Ingoldsby in the year one thousand six hundred fifty-eight flood jointly bound with the said fir Hardrefs Waller, unto James Brooks of the city of York* alderman, and was then counter-secured by a judgment upon his lands, and since by a deed of bargain and sale of the said goods and chattels in Ireland, be fully paid, together with the interest theroof, he the said Richard Ingoldsby accounting for, and paying the full overplus thereof, if any shall be, unto our sovereign lord the King; any thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding. Confirmed by 13 Car* 2* fleet. 1. c. 7.

1660.] Anno duodecimo Caroli II 0.31, 32. 497

CAP. XXXI.

Leases and grants from colleges and hospitals confirmed.

EXP.

CAP. XXXII.

An act for prohibiting the Exportation of Wool, Woolsels, Fullers Earth, or any kind of Scouring Earth.

FOR the better preventing and avoiding of such Losses and motive-niencies as have happened, W daily do and may happen, /<? rftf kingdom of England and dominion of Wales, and to the kingdom of Ireland, by and through the secret and subtil exportation and Iran/- portation9 and by and through the secret and subtil carrying and ton* veying away9 of wool9 wool fells, fmrtlings9, Jborlings, yarn made of wool, woolfocks9 fuller s-earth and fulling-c]ay9 out of and from the 1

kingdoms and dominion aforesaid, and for the better Jetting on.work the poor people and inhabitants of the kingdoms and dominion aforesaid; (2) and to the intent that the full and best use and benefit of the principal native commodities of the same kingdoms and dominion may come9 redound and be unto and amongst the subjects and inhabitants of the famty and not unto or amongst the subjects and inhabitants of the realm 0^ Scotland, or of any foreign realms or fiates* as the same now of late in some great measure hath done, and is further likely to do, if same severer punishment than heretofore be not speedily inflicted upon such offenders as shall be aft or $ or ajfifiants in and to such exportation and transportdtion9 and in and to such carrying and conveying away v thereof as aforesaid y (3) be it enacted by the King's most excel- jjo person lent majesty, the lords and commons in this present parliament after the f+th assembled, and by the authority of the same, That no person or of January persons whatsoever from and after the fourteenth day of January , 6*°*'ex-one thousand six hundred and threcscore, shall directly or indirect- 5^ ly export, transport, carry or convey, or cause or procure to be ex- fells, mort-ported, transported, carried or conveyed, out of or from the king- ling*i foor-doni of England^ or dominion of Wales, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, or out of or from the ides offer fey or Guernsey, with f£ucri-earth, Sarke and Alderney, being under the government of Guernsey afore- fulling clay/ said, or out of or from any of them, or out of or from the king-, dom of Ireland aforesaid, into any parts or places out of the kingdoms, ides or dominion aforesaid, any sheep or wool whatsoever, of the breed or growth of the kingdoms of England or Ireland, or ides or dominion aforesaid; (4) or any wool-fells, tnortlings or (horlings, or any yarn made of wool, or any wool-flocks, or any fullers-earth, or any fulHng-clay whatsoever j (5) Nor carry, or nor shall directly or indirectly pack or load, or cause to be packed load on board or loacted, upon any-horse, cart or other carriage, or load or l?y on any sheep, board, or cause to oe loaden or laid on board, m any ship or other wool, &c* vessel, in any place or port within the kingdoms of England or Ireland, or town of Berwick, or ides or dominion aforesaid, any ibch sheep, wool, wool-fells, tnortlings, (horlings, yam made of wool or wool-flocks, or any fullers-earth or fulling-clay, to the Vox* VII. Kk intent

49$ Anno duodecimo Caroli II. cfz.

[16

intent or purpose to export, transport, carry or convey fixe fas or to cause the lame to be exported, trajfsported, carried or«veyed, out of the kingdoms of England or Ireland* town of h wick) isles or dominion aforesaid, or with intent or purpose, ! any other person or persons should so export, transport, earn' convey the same into any parts or places our of thelungdj of England and Ireland, town of Berwick, isles domiri aforesaid, into the kingdom of Scotland or 'any foreign parts. No wool,

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforef

wool-fells, &c. That no wool, wool-fells, mortlings, (horlings, yam mad? after the 14thooi, wool-flocks, or any fullers-earth or futting-ctey, fhaj to ^carried ^T>m ani* a^cr^fourteenth day of January in the year of 1 out of Wales, , L<*rd one thousand six hundred and fray, exported, transponj Ireland, &c. carried or conveyed out of the kingdom of England and i Except* minion of Wales, or town of Berwick, or kingdom of Irelcrd, 6ut of any port or place of the said kingdoms respectvely, the isles (AJersey of Guernsey, or to Satke or Alderney* exes; as in this act shall be hereafter Kmited or appointed*

The penalties. ID- And be it further enacted by the authority aforefcl That all and every the offender and offenders, offence and d fences aforesaid, shall be subject and liable to the'respeSu

Erins* penalties and forfeitures hereafter following, that is n y, The said sheep, wools, wooffells, mortlings, Smilmm yam made of wool, wool-flocks, foHers-earth and fiffing-cTa lb exported, tTansported, carried, conveyed, packed or loadci Contrary to the true intent of this adjfc, shall be forfeited; (2 and that every offender and offenders therein shall fcnii twenty shillings for every such sheep, and three shillings fci' every pound-weight of such wool, wool-fells, mortsings, (he: Hrfgs', yam made of wool, woofflocks, fuljers-earth or ftilHrc.dhy 5(3) and also the owners of the said ships or vefleb, knc*<

ingfqch offence, shall forfeit all their ihterefj in the fold (hb or veffeh, with all their apparel and furniture to them and ever of them belonging; (4) and that the matter and mariners there, of, knowing such offence, and wittingly and wittingly aid-: and assisting the reunto, shall forfeit all fhrir goods ana* chattel^ and have imprisonment for the space of tfifee months*withod bail or mainprize; '(5) the one moiety of which laid penafcc> and forfeitures shall be to the King's majesty, his heirs and sucessors, and the other moiety tb him that' will sue for the same by adhon of debt, 'bill* plaint or information in any of his Majesty's courts of record, or before the justices of affiz^ or in the -.generaltiuarter-fedlons of the peace; in which salt, bq essoin,

protection or wager of law (half be: allowed.

The penalty

IV. And be it farther enadtetf; That if any merchant, or upon any^-other person or persons, shall after the fold fourteenth day of merchant that January transport or cause to be trapsported: any sheep, wool, iU'H*r wdohfells, mortlirigs, (Hbriiri^s, wodldn-yarn, wool-flocks, fullers-earth 6r fulling-clay, contrary to the trueintent of this aidt, arid* be thfcreof lawfully convicted, that then he shall be disabled to require any debt or account of any factor others,

for

frail transport wools, Ac,

1666.] Anno duodecimo Caroli II. C. 32* 499

for or concerning any debt or estate properly belonging to such offender: (2) provided always, and it is nevertheless declared, Provilb.

That this act, orny thing therein contained, shall not be construed to take away any greater pains or penalties inflisted, or to be inflicted, for any the offences aforesaid, by virtue of afiy former act of parliament now in force.

V. And be it also further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Offenc& a-That every offence that shall be done or committed contrary ^wto bc^ to this act, shall and may be inquired of and heard, examined, tr\

tried and determined in the county where such sheep, wool, wool-fells, mortlings, (horlings, yam made of wool, wool-flocks, fullers-earth or fulling-clay respectively shall be so paeked, louden or laid aboard as aforesaid, contrary to this act, or else in the county where such offenders shall happen to be apprehended or arrested for such offence, in such manner and form, and to such effect to all intents and purposes, if thd same offence had been wholly and altogether done and committed at and in such county.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority Prosecution aforesaid, That no person or persons whatsoever, shall at anyt0 be*time hereafter be impeached for any offence aforesaid, unless offenc^com- such person or persons shall be prosecuted within the space of mined.

on£ year next ensuing such offence committed. By9 & 10

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any person or

fons to feiee, take and challenge to his or their own use and*/ withinJ behoof, and to the use of the King, his heirs and successors, all three years. and all manner such sheep, wool, wool-fells, mortlings, (hor-An>'F?r(on lings, yarn made of wool, wool-flocks, fullers earth and fulling-clay, as he or they shall happen to fee, find, know or dif- frary to this cover to be laid aboard in any ship or other vessel or boat, or act with in-, to be brought, carried or Jaia on shore, at or near the sea, or tent to be any navigable river or water, to the intent or purpose to be exported, transported or conveyed out of the kingdoms of Eti*- have the land or Ireland, town of Berwick, isles or dominion aforesaid, moiety tkere-contrary to the true meaning of this act, or to be packed or loaden upon any horse, cart or other carriage, to the intent or purpose to be conveyed or carried into the kingdom of Scotland aforesaid; (2) and mat such person or persons as shall happen so to fcize, take or challenge any such sheep, wool, wool-fells, mortlings, (horlings, yarn made of wool, wool-flocks, fullers-earth or fulling-clay as aforesaid, shall have the full moiety thereof to all intents and purposes.

VIII. Provided always, That such person or persons as shall pP0v; so such make any Mch seizure or challenge aforesaid to his or their own person shall use, shall not be admitted or rllowed to give in evidence upon not beevi-his or their oath or oaths against any person or persons which dence against shall happen to be indisted, accused or questioned by virtue of the offender, this act, or any thing therein contained.

IX. And furthermore, be it enacted by the authority afore- Forfeiture of

laid. That all and every ship, vessel, hulk, barge or boat of what ship if th#

Kk 2 kindow«rbcaa

600

alien, or not inhabiting in England.

[Proviso.]

Inland,

Berwick*

[Proviso.]

Southampton,

Jersey, Guernsey.

Anno duodecimo Caroli II. c. 32. (i6fc

kind (oever, whereof any alien-born, or whereof any nation, born subjects not inhabiting within the realm of England, h, be owner or part-owner, and wherein any iheep, wool, wet-fells, mortlings, (horlings, yam made of wool, wool-feet fullers-earth or falling-clay, shall happen to be shipped, peter laid aboard, contrary to the true meaning of this act, shall \x forfeited to the King's majesty, his heirs and successors.

X. Provided always, That this act shall not extend to sin Iamb(kin ready dressed, and prepared fit and useful for fur at linings.

XL. Provided also, That this act shall not in any wile extern to the transporting, carrying or conveying away of any fad wool-fells or pelts, with such wool upon them, or to any b& fluffed with nocks, which shall be carried or imployed in ar. ship or other vessel for necessary use only, of and about the ordinance or other thing in or concerning such ship or vefiH, cr only for the necessary use of any the persons in such fliipc: vessel passing or being, and which shall not be sold or utrend in any foreign parts out of the kingdoms of England or Irelaxi, or town of Berwick, isles or dominion aforesaid; (2) nor to the exporting, carrying or conveying of any wether-iherp, or of the wool growing upon any such wether-sheep, to he carried alive in any ship or other vessel, for and towards the only necessary food or diet of or for the company or paflengm, or other persons therein, and for and towards none other purpose.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this act, or any thing therein contained, shall not extend to any faen wool to be exported or transported out of or from the port of Southampton, only unto the aforesaid isles of Jersey and Guernjn, by or for the only use or behoof of any the inhabitants of the said isles of Jersey and Guernsey, or either of them, or to any such wool to be shipped or loaden aboard in any ship or other vessel, by or for the only use or behoof of any the inhabitants of the said isles of Jersey or Guernsey, or either of them, in the port aforesaid, to be exported and transported into the said ides of Jersey or Guernsey, or either of them; lb as such person and persons that shall so ship or lay aboard such wool into any ship or other vessel, do. before the shipping or laying aboard such wool, deliver unto the customer, comptroller, ftirveyor or searcher of the port of Southampton aforesaid (out of which the same wool is to be exported) a writing; under the Teal or feds of the respective governors of the same isles of Jersey and Gum-fey, unto which the said wool is to be transported, or of his or their deputy or deputies respectively, the which writing shall purport and express, that the party named in such writing is authorized and appointed to export or cause to be expected out of the port aforesaid, so much wool, expressing the number of the tods, to the same isle, to be used or manufactured in one of the same isles, or in some of the members or parts of the same, and that such party so authorized and appointed to export or cause to be exported that wool, hath before the making and

sealing 1

k645c>'] Anno duodecimo Caroli II. c. 32. 5or

Resiling of that writing, entred into sufficient bond to his Majesty's use for thfc lan. ing of the said wool.in that isle. (2) And to the intent that the quantity of wool to be exported out of the port of Southampton aforesaid into the said isles, or either of them, in any one year, accounting the year to begin from the first day of January next ensuing, and to yearly from the first day of January*may not exceed the quantity hereunder specified, that Enlar&d as is to say, unto the isle of Jersey two thousand tods and no more to strfa, &c. of unkembed wool, and unto Guernsey one thousand tods and A?' w.&M. no more of unkembed wool, and unto Alderney two hundred J-,*c# tods and no more of unkembed wool, and unto Sarke one Alderney, V hundred tods of unkembed wool and no more, every tod not Sarke. exceeding thirty-two pounds.

XIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the governor of the said iste of jersey, or his deputy for whom he will answer, shall not make to any person or persons any writing or writings such as is above specified, to authorize and appoint such person or persons as aforesaid, to fetch, export or transport out of the port of Southampton aforesaid, unto the said isle of Jersey, in one year, accounting the year from the first day of January one thousand six hundred and sixty aforesaid, any greater quantity of wool t; han two thousand tods in any one year; (2) and that the governor of the said isle of Guernsey, or his deputy for whom he will answer, shall not make to any person or persons any writing or writings, such as is above specified, -to authorize and appoint such person or persons as aforesaid to fetch, export or transport out of the port above specified,

i unto the said idea of Guernsey with Alderney and Sarke, in any one year, accounting the year from the first day of January aforesaid,

1 any greater quantity of wool than one thousand tods for Guernsey, two hundred tods for Alderney, and one hundred tods for r Sarke, in any one year$ (3) and that the customer of the port i of Southampton aforesaid shall keep a true account of all the said quantity of wools so by him permitted to be loaden by virtue of j this act, and shall not permit any greater quantity of wools to be loaden than by this act is prescribed in any one year, to either of the said islands respectively, under any pretence whatsoever, upon the penalty of the forfeiture of his place, and of the faro of one hundred pounds in money; one moiety whereof to the King's majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him or them that will sue for the same in any court of record, wherein no essoin, protection, or waeer of law shall be allowed. (4) And if any of the governors aforesaid, or any of their or either of their deputy or deputies of the said ides, or either of them, shall give, grant, or make any licence or licences for exporting from Southampton aforesaid, into the said ides respectively, of any greater quantity of such wool than is before by the true meaning of this act limited and appointed in that behalf; that then the respective governor or governors of such: of the said isles shall forfeit and pay to the King's majesty, his hfirs or successors, the sum of twenty pounds of lawful money

Anno duodecimo Caroli II. c.gg/ o.

of England, for every, tad of wool which shall he 6> licenced to be exported, over and above }he rate., or proportion of wool, in and by this act, or the true meaning thereof, iimitador appointed.,

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the respective governors aforesaid, or their respective deputies, or any their clerks, officers orservants, for, tho, granting, making or sealing of every such writing -of tfcence as is aforesaid, and for the entring a remembrance of the same into some book, which they (han have and keep for that purpose, may have and take the Turn of twelve pence, and no inore; (2) upon jp^in of forfeiting to the party grieved the sum of five shillings for every peny which shall be taken over and 4hove the said sum of twelve pence, in and by this act allowed* to be taken, and so after that proportion; the said penalty, or forfeiture for the taking above twelve pence as aforesaid, to be recovered by bill, plaint or information, in any court of record at Westminster, or elsewhere, wherein no injunction, protection, privilege, essoin or wager of law shall be admitted or allowed. Confirmed by 13 Car. 2 fiat. 1. c. 14.

CAP. XXXIII.

An act for confirmation of marriages.

Marriagei

WHEREAS by virtue or colour of certain ordinancesr or certain since the first pretended alts, or ordinances, divers marriages finer the be-ot May, 1641. g\nning of the late troubles have been had and fokmmxedinfame other confirm.manner than hath been formerly used and accttftmed: (2) now for the preventing and avoiding of all doubts and questions touching the same, it is enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, with the advice and assent of the lords and commons in parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That all marriages had or solemnized in any of njs Majesty's dominions since the first day of May, in the year of our Lord, one thousand six hundred forty and two, before any justice of peace, or reputed justice of peace of England, or Wales, ox other his Majesty's dominions, and by such justice, or reputed*justice, so - pronounced or declared; (3) and all marriages within any of his Majesty's dominions, since the same first day of May, in the year of our Lord, one thousand six hundred forty two, had or lolemnized according to the direction or true intent of any ad or ordinance, or reputed act or ordinance of one or both houfos of parliament, or of any convention fitting at Westminster, under the name, stile or titld of a parliament, or affirming that name, stile or title; (4) shall be, and shall be adjudged, esteem-ed and taken to be, and to have been of the same, and no other force and effeCi, as if such marriages had been had and solemnized according to the rites and ceremonies established, or used in the church or kingdom of England-, any law, custom or usage to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That where in any suit commenced, or to be commenced in any of the courts of the common

Anno duodecimo Caroli II. c. 34. 503

mon jjaw, any ifliut hath been joined, and not already tried or de- Muwupon tcrtnioed, or shall be joined upon the point of bastardy, or O<of

unlawf>idn«& of marriage, for or concerning the marriages had ady*j«inec!, and (bkmni^ed, as aforesaid, the same issues shall be tried by or bastardy'jury or twelve men, according to the course of trial of other fc*!* betncd liTues triable by jury at the common law, and not otherwise; any tyw, statute or tiiage to the contrary thereof in any wise ft* t i, V % (, notwithstanding-

CAP. XXXIV.

An act for prohibiting the Planting, Setting or Sowing of Tobacco in England and Ireland.

YOUR Majesty's loyal and obedient the lords and tom- Importance

nuns in this prefatl parliament ajfeof the P1*'

groat unurn and importance it is. That the colonies and plantations this kingdom in America, be defended, maintained, and

kept up, and that all duo and poJRble encouragement be given untf

them5 and that not only in regard great and dominions

and countries have been thereby gained, and added to the imperial

crown of this realm, but for that the strength and welfare of this kingdom do very much depend upon them, in regard of the employment of a very considerable part of its shipping and seamen, and the vent of very great quantities of its native commodities and and also of its supply with several considerable commodities which it was wonUformerfyto have only from foreigners, and at far dearer

rates: (2) and forasmuch as tobacco is one of the main products of several of those plantations, and upon which their welfare and fsftente, and the navigation of this kingdom, and vent of its commodities thither, do much depend; and in regard it is found by experience, That the tobaccoes planted in these parts art not fogood and wholesom for the takers thereof; and that by the planting thereof, your Majesty is deprivedef a considerable part of your revenue arising

by customs upon imported tobauo; do most humbly pray, that it may-be enabled by your Majesty; (3) and it is hereby enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, and the lords and coor jnons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That no person or periods whatsoever shall or d from and after the first day of January in the year of our Lord No person af-one thousand six hundred and sixty, set, plant, improve to grow, i"nuary i«6o, make or cure any tobacco, either in feed, plant or otherwise, jj, ali set or'in or upon any ground, earth, field, or place within the king- plant any to-dom at England» dominion of Wales, jilands of Guernsey or Jer- bacco. fey, or town of Berwick upon Tweed, or in the kingdom of Ireland, under the penalty of the forfeiture of all such tobacco, or 1 be penalty the value thereof, or of the sum of forty shillings for every rod lot-or pole of ground ib planted, set or town as aforesaid, and to proportionally for a greater or leifi? quantity of ground; one

moiety thereof to his Majesty, his heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him or them that shall file for the lame, to be recovered by bill, plaint or information in any court of record, wherein no efthin, protection, or wager iq lavy shall be allowed,

504

All ftitriffs and other officer* may deft roy any tobacco planted -contrary to ihisaft.

The penalty of any person*refilling tbi#

roviso for private gardens.

Apost-oAce erected and established. The well ordering of ppft age and letter* of great concernment to trade.

A letter-office

erected in 4^>»don.

Anno duodecimo Caroli II. c. 35. [1660.

II. And it is hereby farther enacted, That all fterifi, ju-ffices of the peace, mayors, baibfft, coridables, and: every of them, upon information or complaint'raide unto them or any of them, by any the officers of the* customs, or bymixjr other person or persons whatsoever, That there -fe "any tobacco 61, Town, planted, or growing withm their jarifdi&ioiis or preempts, contrary to this act, shall withm ten-days after fttch information or complaint cause to be burnt, plucked up, con-/umed, or utterly destroyed, all fadi tobacco fb set, sown, planted pr growing.

III. And it is hereby further enacted, That in case any person or persons shall refill or make forcible opposition against any person or persons in the due and through execution of this act, that every such person or persons, far every such offence, shall forfeit the sum of five pounds to be divided and recovered in manner aforesaid. (2) And in case any person or persons shall not pay the sums of money by them to be paid by virtue of this act, That in every such case, distress shall be made, and sale thereof, returning the overplus to the owners: and in cade no distress be to be found. That then every such party shall be committed to the common gaol in the county where such offence shall be committed, there to remain for the space of two months without bail or mainprize.

IV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That this act, nor any thing therein contained, shall extend* to the hindring of the planting of tobacco in any phviick garden of either university, or in any other private garden for physickor chirargery only, (o as the quantity so planted exceed not one half of one pole in any one place or garden. 13 Car. 2. fat. 1. cap. 14. 5 Geo. 1. c. 1; ./. 19.

CAP. XXXV.

An act erecting and establishing a post office.

WHEREAS for the maintenance of mutual Correspondencies and prevention of many Inconveniencies happening by private Posts several publique Post Offices have been heretofore erected for carrying and recarrying of Letters by Posts to and from all parts and places within England Scotland and Ireland and several parts beyond the Seas the well ordering whereof is a matter of general concernment, and of great advantage as well for preservation of Trade and Commerce as otherwise, To the end therefore that the same may be managed so that speedy and safe dispatches may be had which is most likely to be effected by erecting one General Post Office for that purpose:

II. Be It therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, and the lords and commons in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That there be from henceforth one general letter office erected and established in same convenient place withm the city of London* from whence all letters pr packets whatsoever may be with fjpeed and expedition sent

1660.] Anno duodecimo Caroli II. c. 3^ 505

untQ any pdrtof the kingdoms of England, Scotland and Ireland, or any other of his Majesty's dominions, or unto any kingdom or country beyond the seas: at which said office all returns and answers may be'Hfctewife'received; (2) and that one matter A matter of of the said general letter office shall be from time to time appointed by the King's majesty, his heirs and successors, to bet, y the king made or constituted by letters patents, under the great seal of post-master England, by the name and stile of his Majesty's post-master-general, general; (3) which said matter of the said office, and his deputy and deputies, by him thereunto sufficiently authorized, and his and their servants and agents, and no other person or persons whatsoever, shall from time to time have the receiving, taking up, ordering, dispatching, fending poll or with speed, and delivering of all letters and pacquets whatsoever, which shall from time to time be font to and from all and every the parts and places of England, Scotland and Ireland, and other his Majesty's dominions, and to and from all and every the kingdoms and countries beyond the seas, where he shall settle or cause to be settled potts or running messengers for that purpose; (4) except fetch letters as shall be sent by coaches, common known carriers of goods by carts, waggons or packhorses and shall be carried along with their carts, waggons and packhorses respectively; (5) and except letters of merchants and matters which mall be sent by any matters of any ships, barques or other vessel or merchandize, or by any other person employed by them for the carriage of such letters aforesaid, according to the respective directions; (6) and also except letters to be rent by any private friend or friends in their ways of journey or travel, or by any messenger or messengers sent on purpose, for or concerning the private affairs of any person or persons: (7) and allb except messengers who carry ami recarry commissions, or the return thereof, affidavits, writs, process or proceedings, or the returns thereof issuing out of any court.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, The post-ma-That such post-master general for the time being, as shall from ftw-general time to time be made and constituted by his Majesty, his heirs

and successors, and the respective deputies, or substitutes of horses for such post-master general, and no other person or persons what* riding post. soever, shall prepare and provide horses and furniture to let to hire unto all through-potts, and persons riding in post by commission, or without, to and from all and every the parts and places of England, Scotland and Ireland, where any poll-roads are, or shall be settled and established.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Rates for car-That it shall and may be lawful to and for such post-master lecurs, general to be constituted and appointed as aforesaid, and his

deputy and deputies by brim thereunto sufficiently authorized, to demand, have, receive and take for the portage and conveyance of all such letters which he shall so Convey, cany or fend post as aforesaid, and for the providing, and furhifning horses for through-pods or persons riding in post as aforesaid,

Anno duodecimo Caroli II. C. 35.

[166a

according to the several rates and (tuns of lawful money

hereafter mentioned, not to exceed the same (that is to by,) (2) for the port of every letter not exceeding one sheet, to or from any place pot exceeding fourfeore English miles distant from the place where such letter shall be received, two pence; (3) aid for the like port of every letter not exceeding two (hedts, four, pence; (4) and for the like port of every pacquet of letters, proportionably unto the said rates; (5) and for the like port of every pacquet of writs, deeds or other things, after the rate of eight pence for every ounce weight; (6) and for the port of every letter not exceeding one uteet, above the didance« fourfeore English miles from the place where the same shall be (received, three-pence; (7) and far the like port of a letter, pot exceeding two (heets six-pence j and proportionably to the same rates, for the like port of all pacquets of letters, (8) and for the like port of every other pacquet of writs, deeds or other things, after the rate of twelve pence of English money for every ounce weight; (9) and for the port of every letter not exceeding one sheet, from London unto the town of, or from thence unto the city of London, three pence of English money, and for the like port of every letter not exceeding two (heets, six-pence; and proportionably unto the same rates, for vary pacquet of letters, and for every other pacquet of greater bulk, one shilling and six pence for every ounce weight; (10) and for the port of such letters and pacquets as shall be conveyed pr carried from the town of Be into any pdace or places within forty English miles distance from, or any other place where such letter shall be received, two pence; and for I every letter not exceeding two (heets, four peace; and pro-portionahly to the same rates for every pacquet of letters, and for every other pacquet or pareel, eight pence for every ounce weight; (11) and for every letter not exceeding one meet, to be conveyed or carried a further difiance than forty miles,

four pence and for the like port of every pacquet of letters, eight pence $ and proportionably unto the same rates for the like port- of every pacquet of letters, and for the like port of every other pacquet, one shilling for every ounce weight; (12) and for the port of every letter not exceeding one sheet from Eng-sand, unto the city of Dublin in Ireland, or from the city of Dublin in Ireland unto Englandfix pence of money

and for the like port of every letter not exceeding two (heets, one shilling, end proportionably to the same rates for every pacquet of letters, and for the port of every other pacquet or any kind of greater bulk, two shillings for every ounce weight; (13) and for the port of such letters or pacquets as shall be conveyed or carried from the city of Dublin, unto any other place or places within the kingdom of or from any other, place unto the bid city, or to, oy from aqy other place within tfre bid. kingdom, according to the rates and frms of English money hereafter following, viz. For every letter not exceeding one so«et»_to or from any, pl|ce within fprty English

5°7 J

1660.] Anno duodecimo Caroli II. c.'g 5.

miles distance from Dublin, or any other place where such letter shall be received-, ' two pence > and for letter not exceeding two (heets, four pence'; and proportionately to the same rates for event pacquet of letters, and for every pdequet of greater bulk, eight pence for every ounce weight; (14) and for every letter not exceeding one (beet, tb be carried or conveyed a further distance than forty EugHJbmiles, four pence; and fair the like port of every letter not exceeding two (heets, eight pence; and proportion&bly unto foe same rates for the like port of eveir pacquet of letters, and for the like port of every- pacquetof greater bulk, one shilling for every ounce weight; (15) and for all and every the letters, paoquets and parcels of goods that shall be1 carrierror conveyed to or from any of his Map: fly's said dominions, or to or from any other parts or places beyond the seas, according to the several and respective rates that now are, and have been taken for letters, pacquets, and parcels so conveyed, being rated either by the letter, pr by the ounce Weight, that is to say,

(16) Morlaix,

Caen, Newhaven, and places of

like distance, port paid to Ream is for, -

1 Single -(Double fTreble I Ounce

(17) Hamburgh, Cohn, Frank* forty port paid to Antwerp is

Single — Dpuble Treble-Ounce r

(18) Venice, Geneva, Zegorn, -\ jjngfe-

Rome, Naples, MeJJina, and all (Double-

other parts of Italy by way of f Treble- -

Venice, franff pro Mantua - J0uace

1

(19) MarceUhy Smirna9 Con- single__ —

JiantittopUy AleppOy and all parts (Double-- —

of Turty, port paid to fifar- fiqrs. of an ounce cellia ----- jOunce ——

Single w — - v

(20) And for letters brought (Double ——

from the kid places to England \ Treble -

t J Ounce tv -y

- v»

- »J -XVIII

XVIII

d

- viii

r-ii- xvi

- xxir

& d

- o--i*

- i--- vi

- ii--- Hi

- ii — viis

a.d

{21) And for the port of letters brought into England from

Calais, Diepiy BuUoigne^ Ab-)3^8]* "

"; 1U A' — , Saint Omers,?^]

"*J, Ounce-

bevilUy Amiencty MantnU -

(jtf)

Single -f Double, {TreWs J Ounce

(23) Genoya,

I

508

i

Anno duodecimo Caroli II. c. 35. [1660.

(23) Genova, Legern, Rome, and other parts of Italy, by way of Lyons, franct pro Lyons

s d

Single i 0

Double ii 0

3 qrs of an ounce ii ix

Ounce iii ix

(24) And of letters sent outwards.

To Bourdeaux, Rochel, Nants, Orleans, Byon, Tours, and places of like distance, port paid to Paris

Single

Double

Treble

Ounce

(25) And for letters brought from the same places into England

Single

Double

3 qrs. of an ounce

Ounce

(26) Also letters-sent outwards. To Netmbergh, Bremen, Dantf-l Single-

f Double

w/Vi, Lubeck, Lipfwick, and v- v -

ther places of like distance, post \ cSnce^ paid to Hamburgh -

1 ounce

' S

-i« -.ii--ifl.

- 0

-.0

(its-Paris

s

FI

Ounce — - ill ii - 0

(28) Dunkirk, Ostend, Lisle, Ypre, Courtrey, Gaunt, Bruxels, Bridges, Antwerp, and all other parts of Flanders

s. d.

Single - 0 8

Double - 1 4

Treble - 2 0

Ounce - 2 0

(29) Sluce, Flushing, Middleburg, Amsterdam , Rotterdam, Delph, Hague, and from all other parts of Holland and Zealand

s. d.

Single - 0 8

Double - 1 4

Treble - 2 0

Ounce - 2 0

Proviso for merchants.

VI. Provided Always, That all merchants accompts not exceeding one (heeftjfjmper, and all bills of exchange, invoys, and bills of lacting,; aa&£ and shall hereby be understood to be allowed without rittl in the price of the letters, (2) and likewise the covers of letters not exceeding one 'fourth part of a sheet of paper sept to MarfeilUr9 Venice or Ltgom, to be lent forward to Turkey, shall be understood to be allowed to pass without rate or payment for the same; (3) and according to the same rates and proportions for the port of letters, pacquets and parcels to and from any of the parts or places beyond the seas, where ports have not been heretofore settled, and may hereafter be settled by the said post-master general Fof the time being, his executors or assigns: (4) and it shall and may "be'laWfur, to and for such post-master general, and his deputy and deputies, to a(k, demand; take and receive of etr'ery person that he or they shall farnish and provide with horse^ famltiire and guide to ride port

1660.] Anno duodecimo Caroli II. c. 35. 509

in any of the post-road* as aforesaid, three penpe of English money for each horses bite or postage for every English mile, and four pence for the guide for every ft age. (5) And whereas upon the arrival of ships from parts beyond the feasinto several ports within his Majesty's dominions, many letters directed to several merchants and others, have been-detained long, to the great damage of the merchants* in want of that speedy advice and intelligence, which they might have had if the same had been forthwith dispatched by the settled posts \ and Sometimes such letters have been delivered by the master* or passengers of such ships to ignorant and looie hands, that upoer-stand hot the way and means of speedy conveyance and delivery of letters, whereby great prejudice hath accrued ft the affairs of merchants and others, as well by the miscarriage of many letters so brought, as oftentimes by the opening of the same, tQ the discovery of the correspondencies and secrets of the merchant

VII. Be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all letters and pacquets that by any master of any ship, pr vessel, or any of his company, or any passengers. therein, shall or may be brought to any port-town within hisfyfajesty'a dominions, or any of the members thereof, other then such letters as are before exeepted, or may be sent by common known carriers in manner aforesaid, or by a friend as aforesaid > shall by such master, passenger, or other perfpp be forthwith, delivered unto the deputy or deputies oply for the said pqft-tpafter general for the time being, by him appointed for , the said port town, and by him or them to be sent post unto the said general post office, to be delivered according to the several and respective directions for the same.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the aforesaid authority, That no person or persons whatsoever, or body politick or corporate other than such post-master general as shall from time to time be nominated and appointed by his Majesty, his heirs or successors, and constituted by letters patents, under the great seal of England as aforesaid, and his deputy and deputies or afT signs, shall presume to carry, recany, and deliver letters for hire, other then as before excepted, pr to set up or employ any foot-post, horse-post, coach-post, or pacquet-boat whatsoever, for the conveying, carrying and recqrrying; of any letters or pacquets by sea or lana within his Majesty's dominions, or shall proviae and maintain horses and furniture for the horfing

of any through-posts, or persons riding in post with a guide and horn as usual for hire, (2) upon pain of forfeiting the sum of Penalties of five pounds of English money for every several offence against offending a-the tenor of this present act; (3) and also for the forfeiture of grinft thu aft the sum of one hundred pounds of like English money for every week's time that any offender against this act, shall imploy, maintain and continue any such foot-post, horse-post, coach-post or pacquet-boat as aforesaid: (4) which said several and respective forfeitures shall and may be sued for, and recovered by

Proviso where any post-master doth not provide.

Proviso touching post-ma-sten that do not sufficiently provide horses, tec.

[Proviso.]

Proviso against carrying any pacquet out of England in an^ foreign

AftriO f 1660.

by a&iortof fe&iotitof debt; phifttefr M of his Majesty's courts Of record, whdreih ltotffoife^ privilege; pno-W&km or wager of few fralfbe admitted; '(5) and the said fe-Veral fertdrtfpedHVe forfeitures that shall happen from time to time ta bt reeoveted, foaUbe Ond remain, the*one moiety thereof to his Majesty, and hi* heirs - and fectefiers, and the other moiety thereof to such person or persons who shall or wffl inform against the offender or offender* against this present a (St, and shall oV will foe for the said forfeitures upon the same;

IX. Frbvided always* That if arty post-master of any respective place, doth ndt* or cannot formfh any person or per-IBrid* riding in pdft, with sufficient hotfeft Within the spate of one half hour after demand. That then* such person or perfom are hereby tinderstood to be left at liberty td provide themselves as corivenjeritly as they can; and the persons who fhsdf furnish suchhorfe^ frail not therefore be liable unto any penalties and forfeitures contained in this act.

X. Provided always, That if through1 default*or neglect of the post^master general aforesaid, any person or persons riding in pdft shall fiti], as aforesaid, Of being furnished with a sufficient ndffe of horset, for his or their use, after demand as aforesaid; that hf every focH case, the said post-master general (half forfeit the fom of five pounds sterling, the onto tftdfety to hte Majesty, hi? heirs and successors, and the other moiety to him or them who frail foe for the same in arty court of record, to be recovered by till, plaint or other irifonwation^ wherein no essoin, protection, or other wagpr in law frail be admitted.

XI. Provided always, and be it enhdted, Thai nothing herein contained shall be uriderttood to prohibit the carrying ot recarrying of any letters or pacquets, to or from any town or place, to or from thd ntxt fefpeCfive post-road, of stage ap-fminted for that purpose , but that every person shall have free ibefty to fend- and impfoy such persons as they frail think fit, for to carry the said letters or packets as aforesaid, without any penalty or forfeiture therefore* ariy thing contained in this act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. Provided always, That if the pacquet or mail, shall be carried but of England, into any part beyond the seas in any ship of vessel which is not rtf English built, and navigated with English Ctitritn, That in every such Case thfe said post-master general shall forfeit the sum of One hundred pounds sterling; the one moiety to his Majesty, his heirs ahfi successors, and fre other moiety to him or them, who shall foe for the same in any court of record, to be recovered by bill, plaint, or other information, wherrirt no essoin, protection, or other wager of law frail be allowed.

XIII. Provided also, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no person or persons shall be capable of having, using, or exercising the office of post-master general, or any other imployment relating to the said office, unless he or they shall first take the oaths of allegiance and fopremacy, before any

1660.] Anno duodecimo Caroli II.

two justices of the peace fcf the respective- eofariti's wherein o*rta of rf-

such person or persons ire or '(hell be refidfcrft^ Wfifch fetid justices are hereby authorised to- MriiiniRer theo*tfo accordingly. Pr*v*

XIV. Provided also, ittd/be h Shafted by the authority aforesaid, Thar a letter or pAcquet pdftfliaH tWice every week eottieProviso, by the wayof Truro 2nd renrin to the town of Marhtiew^ sdias Trur^n* MarhaJion> in the county of (ktnwaH\ and once i weekter Ken-dal by the way of Lanc<tfkr\ and to die town of Penrith penrith, C«r-in Cumberland by the way of Newcastle and Carlisle; and to the lisle, Grfchtby.' city of Lifkohfy and the borough of Grimfif 'ltt the county of Lincoln \ any thing in- thfe aft contained to the contrary thereof m any wise notwithstanding

XV. Provided also, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That such post-master general to be from rime to rime Pftfeytfafltee'appointed by his Majesty, his heirs and fbcccflbrs as aforesaid, shall continue constant ports for carriage of fetters6- aH pbr-

ces, though they lie out of thd pbft-roads, as hath been used very omii&oo. for the ipaoeof three years lad part, at the rates herein bei fore mentioned, under pain rf forfeiture for every omission five pounds, to be recovered by aCijo/i, fiiit or plaint, in any t his Majesty's courts of record, the one tfioiety to the use of his Majesty, the other moiety to the use of the Inforiner: (a) and I for the better management of the said port-office, and that the people of these kingdoms may have their intercourse of commerce and trade the better maintained, and their letters and advices conveyed, carried and recarried with the greatest speed, security, and convenience that may be;

---

XVI. Be it further enacted, That the said post-master general so nominated, appointed and constituted as aforesaid,

[The postmaster, &c. to observe such orders as his Majesty shall make.]

and his deputies, shall from time to time observe and follow such orders, rules, directions and instructions for and concerning the settlement of convenient ports and stages upon the several roads in England, Scotland and Ireland, and other his Majesty's dominions, and the providing and keeping of a sufficient number of

horses at the said several stages, as well for the carrying, and conveying of the said letters and pacquets, as for the horsing of all through-ports and persons riding in post by warrant or otherwise as aforesaid, as his Majesty, his heirs and successors, shall from time to time in that behalf make and ordain;

[His Majesty may grant the said office for life or years, not exceeding 21 years.]

and that his Majesty, his heirs and successors, may grant the said office of post-master general, together with the powers and authorities thereunto belonging, and the several rates of portage above mentioned, and all profits, privileges, fees, perquisites and emoluments thereunto belonging, or to belong, either for life or term of years, not exceeding one and twenty years, to such person or persons, and under such covenants, conditions and yearly rents to his said Majesty, his heirs and successors, reserved, as his said Majesty, his heirs and successors shall from time to time think fit for the best advantage and benefit of the kingdom.

512 Anno duodecimo Caroli II. c. 36, 37. [1660.

[No horses to be seized without consent of the owners.]

XVII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no person shall have power to take, use, or seize any horses for the service mentioned in this act, without the consent of the owners thereof; any usage or pretence, or any thing in this act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

[Proviso for the rates of all Inland letters.]

XVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all inland letters, sent by any pacquet-post established by this act as aforesaid, do and shall pay the rates and prices beforementioned, at such stage where they are last delivered only, unless the party that delivers the letters desireth to pay elsewhere; any thing in this act to the contrary notwithstanding.

[Confirmed by 13 Car. 2. c. 7. and repealed by 9 An. c. 10. s. 2.]

Provided always, That all letters, and other things, may be sent or conveyed to or from the two universities in manner as heretofore hath been used; any thing to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXXVI.

The master of the rolls for the time being is impowered to make leases for years in order to new build the old houses belonging to the rolls.

13 Car. 2. stat. 1. c. 14.

CAP. XXXVII.

An act for making the precinct of Covent Garden parochial.

The End of the Seventh Volume.

