Anno 31 Georgii II.

Cap. 1. For continuing certain laws made in the last session of parliament, for prohibiting the exportation of corn, malt, meal, flour, bread, biscuit, and starch; and for prohibiting the making of low wines and spirits, from wheat, barley, malt, or any other sort of grain, or from meal or flour; and to allow the transportation of wheat, barley, oats, meal, and flour, to the Isle of Man, for the use of the inhabitants there; and for reviving and continuing an act made in the same session, for discontinuing the duties upon corn and flour imported, and upon corn, grain, meal, bread, biscuit, and flour, taken from the enemy; and to permit the importation of corn and flour into Great Britain and Ireland, in neutral ships; and to authorise his Majesty, with the advice of his privy council, to order and permit the exportation of such quantities of the commodities aforesaid, as may be necessary for the sustentation of any forces in the pay of Great Britain, or of those of his Majesty's allies acting in support of the common cause; and to prohibit the payment of any bounty upon the exportation of any of the said commodities to be made during the continuance of this act.

Cap. 2. For continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty eight.

Cap. 3. For allowing the importation of such fine Italian organzine silk into this kingdom from any port or place whatsoever, as shall have been shipped on or before the day therein mentioned.

Cap. 4. For granting an aid to his Majesty by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty eight; and for inforcing the payment of the rates to be assessed upon Somerset House in the Strand.

Cap. 5. For punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

Cap. 6. For the regulation of his Majesty's marine forces while on shore.

Cap. 7. For appointing of for putting in execution an act of this session of parliament, intituled An act for granting an aid to his Majesty, by a land tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty eight; and for enforcing the payment of the rates to be assessed upon Somerset House in the Strand; and for rectifying a mistake in the said act; and for allowing farther time to the receivers of certain aids, for setting insuper for monies in arrear.

Cap. 8. For enlarging the terms and powers granted and continued by several acts of parliament, for repairing the harbour of Dover in the county of Kent.

Cap. 9. To indemnify persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments; and to indemnify justices of the peace, and others, who have omitted to register their qualifications within the time limited by law; and for giving further time for those purposes, and the filing of affidavits of articles of clerkship.

Cap. 10. For the encouragement of seamen employed in the royal navy; and for establishing a regular method for the punctual, frequent, and certain payment of their wages; and for enabling them more easily and readily to remit the same for the support of their wives and families; and for preventing frauds and abuses attending such payments.

Cap. 11. To amend an act made in the third year of the reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled An act for the better explanation, and supplying the details of the former laws for the settlment of the poor, so far as the same relates to apprentices gaining a settlement by indenture; and also to impower justices of the peace to determine differences between masters and mistresses and their servants in husbandry, touching their wages, though such servants are hired for less time than a year.

Cap. 12. To encourage the growth and cultivation of madder in that part of Great Britain called England, by ascertaining the tithe thereof there.

Cap. 13. For allowing a further time for holding the first meetings of of or trustees for putting in execution certain acts made in the last session of parliament.

Cap. 14. For further explaining the laws touching the electors of knights of the Shire to serve in parliament for that part of Great Britain called England.

Cap. 15. For the encouragement of the exportation of culm to Lisbon in the kingdom of Portugal.

Cap. 16. To enforce and render more effectual an act made in the twenty fifth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for annexing certain forfeited estates in Scotland to the crown unalienably; and for making satisfaction to the lawful creditors thereupon; and to establish a method of managing the same, and applying the rents and profits thereof, for the better civilizing and improving the highlands of Scotland, and preventing disorders there for the future.

Cap. 17. To explain, amend, and render more effectual an act passed in the twenty ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for appointing a sufficient number of constables for the service of the city and liberty of Westminster; and to compel proper persons to take upon them the office of jurymen, to present nusances and other offences within the said city and liberty.

Cap. 18. For draining and preferring certain fen lands and low grounds in the isle of Ely and county of Cambridge, between the Cam, otherwise Grant, Ouse, and Mildenhall rivers, and bounded on the south east by the hard lands of Isleham, Fordham, Soham, and Wicken; and for impowering the governor, bailiffs, and commonalty of the company of conservators of the great level of the fens, called Bedford Level, to sell certain lands within the said limits, commonly called Invested Lands.

Cap. 19. For draining and preferring certain fen lands, low grounds, and commons, in the parishes of Chatteris and Doddington, in the isle of Ely, in the county of Cambridge.

Cap. 20. For applying a sum of money granted in this session of parliament, for rebuilding London Bridge; and for rendering more effectual an act passed in the twenty ninth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act to improve, widen, and enlarge, the passage over and through London Bridge.

Cap. 21. For allowing further time for inrolment of deeds and wills made by papists; and for relief of protestant purchasers.

Cap. 22. For granting to his Majesty several rates and duties upon offices and pensions; and upon houses; and upon windows or lights; and for raising the sum of five millions by annuities, and a lottery, to be charged on the said rates and duties.

Cap. 23. For the more easy and speedy recovery of small debts within the western division of the hundred of Brixton in the county of Surry.

Cap. 24. For the more easy and speedy recovery of small debts within the borough of Great Yarmouth, and the liberties thereof.

Cap. 25. For establishing a free market for the sale of corn and grain, within the city or liberty of Westminster.

Cap. 26. To explain, amend, and enforce an act made in the last session of parliament, intituled An act for the better ordering of the militia forces in the several counties of that part of Great Britain called England.

Cap. 27. For repealing an act made in the twenty fifth year of his present Majesty, to restrain the making insurances on foreign ships bound to or from the East Indies.

Cap. 28. To permit the importation of salted beef, pork, and butter, from Ireland, for a limited time.

Cap. 29. For the due making of bread; and to regulate the price and assize thereof; and to punish persons who shall adulterate meal, flour, or bread.

Cap. 30. For applying the money granted by parliament towards defraying the charge of pay and cloathing for the militia, for the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty eight; and for defraying the expences incurred on account of the militia, in the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven.

Cap. 31. For granting to his Majesty certain sums of money out or the sinking fund, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty eight; and for empowering the proper officers to make forth duplicates of exchequer bills, tickets, certificates, receipts, annuity orders, and other orders, in lieu of such as shall be lost, burnt, or otherwise destroyed; and for obliging the retailers of wines, commonly called Sweets, or Made Wines, to take out a wine licence.

Cap. 32. For repealing the duty granted by an act made in the sixth year of the reign of his late Majesty, on silver plate, made, wrought, touched, allayed, or marked in Great Britain; and for granting a duty on licences, to be taken out by all persons dealing in gold or silver plate; and for discontinuing all drawbacks upon silver plate exported; and for more effectually preventing frauds and abuses in the marking or damping of gold or silver plate.

Cap. 33. For enabling his Majesty to raise the sum of eight hundred thousand pounds, for the uses and purposes therein mentioned; and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament.

Cap. 34. For enlarging the times for the first meetings of of or trustees, for putting in execution certain acts of this session of parliament; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 35. To continue several laws therein mentioned, for granting a liberty to carry sugars of the growth, produce, or manufacture, of any of his Majesty's sugar colonies in America, from the said colonies directly into foreign parts, in ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to law; for the preventing the committing of frauds by bankrupts; for giving further encouragement for the importation of naval stores from the British colonies in America; and for preventing frauds and abuses in the admeasurement of coals in the city and liberty of Westminster; and for preventing the dealing or destroying of madder roots.

Cap. 36. For continuing certain laws therein mentioned relating to British sail cloth, and to the duties payable on foreign sail cloth; and to the allowance upon the exportation of British made gunpowder; and to the encouragement of the trade of the sugar colonies in America; and to the landing of rum or spirits of the British sugar plantations, before the duties of excise are paid thereon; and for regulating the payment of the duties on foreign exciseable liquors; and for the relief of Thomas Watson, with regard to the drawback on certain, East Indian callicoes; and for rendering more commodious the new passage leading from Charing Cross.

Cap. 37. To permit the exportation of certain quantities of malt now lying in his Majesty's storehouses; and to allow the bounty upon such corn and malt as was shipped and cleared for Ireland, on or before a limited time; and to authorize the transportation of flour, meal, bread, and biscuit, to the islands of Guernsey and Jersey, for the use of the inhabitants there, in lieu of the wheat, malt or barley, which may now, by law, be transported to those islands.

Cap. 38. For applying a sum of money granted in this session of parliament towards carrying on the works for fortifying and securing the harbour of Milford in the county of Pembroke.

Cap. 39. For vesting certain messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, for the better securing his Majesty's docks, ships, and stores, at Portsmouth, Chatham, and Plymouth, and for the better fortifying the town of Portsmouth, and citadel of Plymouth, in trustees, for certain uses; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 40. To ascertain the weight of trusses of straw, and to punish deceits in the sale of hay and straw in trusses in London, and within the weekly bills of mortality, and within the distance of thirty miles thereof; and to prevent common salesmen of hay and straw from buying the same on their own account, to sell again; and also to restrain salesmen, brokers, or factors, in cattle, from buying on their own account, to sell again, any live cattle in London, or within the weekly bills of mortality, or which are driving up thereto.

Cap. 41. To amend and render more effectual an act passed in the twenty ninth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for inclosing, by the mutual consent of the lords and tenants, part of any common, for the purpose of planting and preferring trees fit for timber or underwood; and for more effectually preventing the unlawful destruction of trees.

Cap. 42. For making perpetual several acts therein mentioned, for preventing the ft and rapine on the northern borders of England; for the more effectual punishing wicked and evil disposed persons going armed in disguise, and doing injuries and violences to the persons and properties of his Majesty's subjects, and for the more speedy bringing the offenders to justice; and also two clauses to prevent the cutting or breaking down the bank of any river, or sea bank; and to prevent the malicious cutting of hop binds; for the more effectual punishment of persons maliciously setting on fire any mine, pit, or delph of coal, or canal coal; and of persons unlawfully hunting or taking any red or fallow deer in forests or chases; or beating or wounding the keepers or other officers in forests, chases, or parks; and also so much of an act as relates to the power of appealing to the circuit courts in civil cases, in Scotland.

Cap. 43. For repairing and widening several roads in the counties of Dorset and Devon, leading to and through the borough of Lyme Regis.

Cap. 44. For repairing the road from the village of Magor, to the bridge-foot, in the town of Chepstow, in the county of Monmouth; and other roads in the counties of Monmouth and Gloucester.

Cap. 45. For ascertaining and collecting the poors rates, and for better regulating the poor in the parish of Saint Mary Magdalen Bermondsey in the county of Surry.

Cap. 46. To amend an act passed in the last session of parliament, intituled An act for building a bridge or bridges cross the river of Thames, from a certain place in Old Brentford, in the parish of Ealing, in the county of Middlesex, known by the name of Smith, or Smith's Hill, to the opposite shore in the county of Surrey.

Cap. 47. For the more easy and speedy repairing of publick bridges within the county of Devon.

Cap. 48. For enlarging the term and powers granted by an act of parliament passed in the twenty fourth year of his present Majesty's reign, for enlarging the term and powers granted by an act passed in the third year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and amending the several roads leading from Woodstock, through Kiddington and Enstone, to Rollright Lane, and Enslow Bridge to Kiddington aforesaid; and for making the said act more effectual.

Cap. 49. For amending several roads leading from the town of Tiverton, in the county of Devon.

Cap. 50. For repairing and widening the roads from Donington High Bridge to Hale Drove, and to the Eighth Mile Stone, in the parish of Wigtoft, and to Langret Ferry, in the county of Lincoln.

Cap. 51. For repairing the high road leading from Brent Bridge in the county of Devon, to Gasking Gate, in or near the borough of Plymouth, in the said county.

Cap. 52. For enlarging the term granted by an act made in the twenty sixth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for laying a duty of two pennies Scots, or a sixth part of a penny sterling, upon every Scots pint of ale and beer which shall be brewed for sale, brought into, tapped, or sold, within the town and parish of Preston Pans, in the Shire of East Lothian, otherwise Haddingtoun, for repairing the harbour of the said town, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

Cap. 53. To explain, amend, and render more effectual an act passed in the ninth and tenth years of the reign of his late majesty King William the Third, intituled An act for erecting hospitals and workhouses within the city and county of the city of Exon, for the better employing and maintaining the poor there.

Cap. 54. For repealing so much of the act of the fifteenth year of his present Majesty, for enlarging the term and powers granted by an act of the thirteenth year of his late majesty King George the First, for repairing the roads from Cirencester Town's End to Saint John's Bridge in the county of Gloucester, as directs that the inhabitants of the several parishes and hamlets therein named, shall pass toll free; and for repairing the street from the High Cross in Cirencester to the Town's End there; and for other purposes therein mentioned; and for enlarging the terms and powers granted by the said two former acts.

Cap. 55. For enlarging the term and powers granted by an act of the twenty fifth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for repairing the post road from the city of Edinburgh, through the counties of Linlithgow and Sterling, from the Boat-house Ford, on Almond Water, and from thence to the town of Linlithgow, and from the said town of Falkirk, and from thence to Stirling; and also from Falkirk to Kilsyth, and to Inch Bellie Bridge, on the post road to the city of Glasgow; and for building a bridge cross Almond Water.

Cap. 56. For enlarging the powers granted by an act passed in the eighteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for rendering more effectual the several acts passed for the erecting of hospitals and workhouses within the city of Bristol; for the better employing and maintaining of the poor thereof; and for making the said act more effectual.

Cap. 57. For making more effectual four several acts of parliament, made in the sixth year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne; in the eleventh year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First; and in the tenth and thirteenth years of the reign of his present Majesty respectively, for repairing the highways from Old Stratford in the county of Northampton to Dunchurch, in the county of Warwick.

Cap. 58. To continue and render more effectual two acts of parliament made in the twelfth year of the reign of his late Majesty, and in the eighteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the roads leading from Birmingham to Edghill, in the county of Warwick.

Cap. 59. For building a bridge cross the river Trent, at or near a place call Wilden Ferry.

Cap. 60. To enlarge, alter, and render more effectual, the term and powers of an act of the twelfth year of his present Majesty, for repairing the roads from Bakewell to Chesterfield in the county of Derby; and from Chesterfield to Worksop in the county of Nottingham, and other roads therein mentioned.

Cap. 61. For repairing and widening the road from Cirencester in the county of Gloucester, to Cricklade in the county of Wilts.

Cap. 62. For repairing and widening the roads from Little Sheffield, in the county of York, through the towns of Hathersage, Hope, and Castleton, to Sparrowpit Gate, in the county of Derby; and from the Guide Post near Barber's Field Cupola, through Grindleford Bridge, Great Hucklow, Tidswell, Hardgate Wall, and Fairfield, to Buxton, in the county of Derby.

Cap. 63. For repairing the roads from Leeds to Sheffield, in the county of York.

Cap. 64. For enlarging the terms and powers of two acts of parliament, one passed in the nineteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for enlarging the term and powers granted by an act passed in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, for repairing the road from the city of Gloucester to Stone, and ether roads therein mentioned; and for making the said act more effectual; and the other passed in the twenty second year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for continuing two acts of parliament, the one passed in the thirteenth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, for amending the several roads leading from the city of Bristol; and the other passed in the fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, to explain and amend the same act, and for making the said acts more effectual; and also for repairing other roads therein mentioned; and for making all the said acts more effectual; and for repairing, widening, and keeping in repair, several other roads.

Cap. 65. For repairing and widening the roads from Tetbury, to the gates on the west of Simond's Hall Down; and from the turnpike gate at the top of Frocester Hill, to the turnpike road from Cirencester towards Bath; and from the field called Bouldown Sleight, to the end of a lane adjoining to the road from Horsley to Tetbury, near Tiltup's Inn; and from the Market House in Tetbury, to the turnpike road on Minchin Hampton Common; and from the said road in Minchin Hampton Field, unto the turnpike road from Cirencester to Stroud, near Burnt Ash; and from the said turnpike road, to Tayloe's Millpond in Chalford Bottom, and through Hide, to the bottom of Bourn Hill, in the county of Gloucester.

Cap. 66. For amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the roads leading from Christian Malford Bridge, in the county of Wilts, to Shillingford Gate, in the county of Berks; and also from Swindon to Lyddenton Wall, in the said county of Wilts.

Cap. 67. For widening and repairing several roads leading from the Welsh Gate and Cotton Hill, in the town of Shrewsbury, in the county of Salop.

Cap. 68. For amending the road leading from Pengate in the parish of Westbury, in the county of Wilts, to Latchet's Bridge, near tha east end of Market Lavington; and also the road leading from Market Lavington Down, to the turnpike road near Dewey's Water; and also the road leading from Bolesborough, to Studley Lane End; and also the road leading from Yarnbrook, to the turnpike road at Melksham, in the said county of Wilts.

Cap. 69. To continue and render more effectual an act made in the fifteenth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for laying a duty of two pennies scots, or one sixth part of a penny sterling, upon every Scots pint of ale and beer which shall be brewed for sale, brought into, tapped, or sold, within the town of Kirkcaldy, and liberties thereof

Cap. 70. To enable the trustees appointed for putting in execution an act passed in this session of parliament, intituled An act for repealing so much of an act of the fifteenth year of his present Majesty, for enlarging the term and powers granted by an act of the thirteenth year of his late majesty King George the First, for repairing the roads from Cirencester Town's end to Saint John's Bridge, in the county of Gloucester, as directs that the inhabitants of the several parishes and hamlets therein named, shall pass tollfree; and for repairing the street from the High Cross in Cirencester, to the town's end there, and for other purposes therein mentioned; and for enlarging the terms and powers granted by the said two former acts; to reduce all or any of the tolls granted by the said act; and for appointing additional trustees for putting the said acts in execution.

Cap. 71. For regulating, governing, preserving, and improving, the oyster fishery in the river Colne, and waters thereto belonging.

Cap. 72. For extending the navigation of the river Colder, to or near to Sowerby Bridge in the parish of Halifax; and for making navigable the river Heble, Halig or Halifax Brook, from Brooksmouth to Salter Hebble Bridge, in the county of York.

Cap. 73. For repairing and widening the roads from Chawton Pond, in the parish of Chawton, in the county of Southampton, through Rumsdean Bottom, Westmeon, Warnford, Exton, Bishop's Waltham, and over Sherrill Heath, and through Wickham and Fareham, to the town of Gosport; and from Exton aforesaid, through Droxford, to the east end of Sherrill Heath, in the said county.

Cap. 74. For repairing and widening the roads from the town of Bishop's Waltham, in the county of Southampton, over the top of the down called Stephen's Castle Down, and through Salt Lane and Tichborne, to the town of New Alresford; and from the Market House in the said town of New Alresford, through Old Alresford, Bradley Lane, and over Herriard Common, to the town of Odiham in the said county.

Cap. 75. For repairing and widening the roads from the town of Stockbridge, in the county of Southampton, to the city of Winchester; and from the said city, through Bellmour Lane, to the top of Steven's Castle Down, near the town of Bishop's Waltham, in the said county; and from the said city of Winchester, through Otterborne, to Bargate, in the town and county of the town of Southampton.

Cap. 76. For relief of the coalheavers working upon the river Thames; and for enabling them to make a provision for such of themselves as shall be sick, lame, or past their labour, and for their widows and orphans.

Cap. 77. For repairing and widening the road from the Swan Inn at Leatherhead, to the Maypole at the upper end of Spital or Somerset Street, in the parish of Stoake, near the town of Guldeford, in the county of Surry.

Cap. 78. For repairing and widening the road from the town of Guldeford, to the Directing Post near the town of Farnham, in the county of Surrey.

Private Acts.

Anno 31 Georgii II.

1. An act to enable John earl of Sandwich, Wellbore Ellis esquire, and Thomas Potter esquire, to take in Great Britain, the oath of office as vice treasurer and receiver general and paymaster general of all his Majesty's revenues in the kingdom of Ireland; and to qualify themselves for the enjoyment of the said offices.

2. An act for transferring certain South Sea annuities, standing in the name of the late treasurer to the commissioners for building fifty new churches, unto the respective rectors of eight of those churches, and for vesting certain sites for churches purchased by the said commissioners, in trustees, in order to sell the same for the purposes therein mentioned.

3. An act to enable George Amyand and John Anthony Rucker of London, merchants, agents for the Embden East India company, to sell and dispose of the cargo of the ship the Prince Ferdinand of Prussia, to the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and to enable the said united company to purchase land, sell, and dispose of, the same or any part thereof; and to impower the said George Amyand and John Anthony Rucker, to make insurances upon the said ship and cargo.

4. An act to enable Mary Woollett spinster (notwithstanding her infancy) upon her marriage with Robert Mead Wilmot esquire, to settle and convey her estate and interest in certain messuages, lands, and hereditaments, in the county of Kent, and in two several sums of two thousand pounds, and three hundred pounds, to the uses ia certain articles of agreement mentioned.

5. An act to dissolve the marriage of Godfrey Wentworth esquire, with Dorothea Pilkington his now wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

6. An act for dividing and inclosing certain wastes or commons called Brancepeth, and Stockley moors or commons, within the manor and parish of Brancepeth, in the county of Durham.

7. An act for dividing and inclosing certain open and common fields, in Great Glen, in the county of Leicester, called the Upper or North End Fields, and all the common pastures, common meadows, and common and waste grounds, within the said fields.

8. An act for naturalizing George Clifford.

9. An act for vesting the forests and manors of Singleton and Charlton, and other manors, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, in the counties of Sussex and Wilts, in trustees, and their heirs, upon the trusts therein mentioned, freed and discharged from the estates, uses, and trusts, to which the same are at present subject; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

10. An act for inclosing and dividing the moors and commons within the chapelry of Hamslerly, in the manor of Wolfingham, in the county of Durham.

11. An act for confirming a contract of lease of mines between Charles duke of Queensborough and Dover, of the one part; and Ronald Crawford, James Crawford, and Daniel Telfer, of the other part; and for enabling the said duke, and his heirs of entail, to grant leases in terms of the said contract.

12. An act to enable John earl of Egmont, in the kingdom of Ireland, to raise money for purchasing lands in Great Britain, for the purposes of his marriage settlement by mortgage, instead of sale, of part of his Irish estate.

---

13. An act for selling divers lands and tenements, and shares of lands and tenements, in London, Middlesex, and Surrey, of and belonging to Ralph earl of Verney, in the kingdom of Ireland, Afory, countess of Verney, and Dame Henrietta Maria Clayton, respectively, and for laying out the money arising by such sale in purchasing other lands and hereditaments to be settled in lieu thereof.

14. An act to enable Sir Maurice Crosbie knight, or any future guardian of Francis Thomas earl of Kerry and Lixnaw9 in the kingdom of Ireland, a minor, to discharge an incumbrance on certain collieries and coal mines in the county of Durham, part of the estate of the said earl.

15. An act for carrying into execution, several contracts made by, or on behalf of, James late lord Bulke-ley, in the kingdom of Ireland, in his life-time, for the sale of several lands and tenements, in the county of Anglesey; and for applying the purchase-money to discharge incumbrances affecting the same,

16. An act for settling the several charities of the hospital and free school at Kirkleatham, in the county of York, of the foundation of Sir William Turner knight, deceased, and the possessions and revenues thereunto belonging, pursuant to the will and codicil of Cholmley Turner, late of Kirkleatham aforesaid, esquire, deceased.

17. An act to enable Charles Bagoty now called Charles Chester, and his sons, to take the surname of fihejler9 and for carrying an agreement therein mentioned, into execution.

18. An act for vesting in William Read esquire, and his heirs, several intailed estates in the county of York, in order that the same may be sold; and for the settling another estate in the said county of York, to the like uses.

19. An act for vesting part of the lands, tenements, and hereditaments, settled on the marriage of William Norris esquire, in the said William Norris y and his heirs; and for settling other lands in lieu thereof.

20. An act to vest part of the settled estate of Penyfton Powney esquire, deceased, in trustees, to be sold, and to lay out the money arising from the sale thereof, in real estates, to be settled to the same uses.

21. An act to dissolve the marriage of George Forfier Tuffnell^quire, with Elizabeth Forjlery his now wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

22. An act for establishing agreements made between Charles Brandling esquire, and other persons, proprietors of lands, for laying down a waggon way, in order for the better supplying the town and neighbourhood of Leeds, in the county of York, with coals.

23. An act to confirm and establish articles of agreement for dividing and inclosing several open and common fields in Qttringham, in the county of York.

24. An act for confirming and establishing articles of agreement for dividing and inclosing the open common fields, common meadow, commons and waste grounds, in the town ships of Brompton and Sawdeny in the parish of Bromptony in the north riding of the county or York.

25. An act for establishing and confirming articles of agreement for

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

dividing and inclosing two dinted pastures or commons called Settle Banks* High Scarr* and Scaleber within the township of Settle, in the county of York.

26. An act for dividing and inclosing Newton Moor or Newton Common, within the manor of Newton cum Benningbrough, in the county of York.

27. An act for dividing and inclosing the common and open fields, common pastures, common meadows, common pieces, common grounds, and waste grounds, in the township of Geydon, in the parish of bi-ship's Itcbington, in the county of Warwici.

28. An act for dividing and allotting certain fields, meadow grounds, and common pastures, in the manor and township of Siirpenbeci, in the county of York* and for other purposes therein mentioned.

29. An act for dividing and inclosing certain open and common fields called Northleigh Common Fields, and a common or waste called Northleigh Heath, within the parish or township of Northleigh, in the county of Oxford.

30. An act for dividing and inclosing the common fields, common pastures, common meadows, common grounds, heaths, and waste ground, of Upper Boddington, and Lower Boddington, within the parish of Upper Boddington, in the county of Northampton, and for settling a rate or certain annual sum of money to be paid in lieu of the tithes of certain old inclosures within the said parish.

31. An act for dividing and inclosing the common fields, common pastures, common meadows, common grounds, and waste grounds, in the manor and lordship of Woodford, other wise Halfe Woodford, in the county of Northampton.

32. An act*ft for dividing and inclosing the common, open, and arable fields, and common meadows, in the manor and parish of Hareby, in the county of Lincoln.

33. An act for dividing and inclosing the open and common fields, common meadows, common ground, and waste grounds, in the manor and parish of Helmdon, in the county of Northampton.

34. An act for confirming and establishing articles of agreement for dividing and inclosing certain common fields within the manor of Wilnecote, in the county of War-wici\ and also for erecting and working one or more fire engine or fire engines, for the more effectual draining the coal mines in the said manor.

35. An act for dividing and inclosing certain open and common fields, in the hamlet, township, or village of Upton, in the parish of Blewbttry9 in the county of Boris,

36. An act for confirming and establishing certain articles of agreement, for dividing and inclosing the open common fields in the parish of Edithwefion, in the county of Rutland.

37. An act for naturalizing Anthony Fonblanque, and Nicholas Baptist Aubert.

38. An act for naturalizing John Bap- tifl D*abba di

39. An act for separating Lawrence earl Ferrers, from Mary countess Ferrers his wife, for the cruelty of the said earl; and for settling a maintenance for the said countess, out of the estate of the said earl.

40. An act to enable the dean and chapter of the collegiate church of Saint Peter at Westminster, and their successors, to make and grant unto fames Mallors a lease or leases of certain pieces of ground, messuages, tenements, and hereditaments, comprized within certain limits, for a longer term of years than

A TABLE of the STATUTES.

they are at present enabled to grant.

41. An act for sale of the estates of Marmaduke Gwynne esquire, in the county of Pembroke, to discharge incumbrances affecting the same, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

42. An act for naturalizing John Knight.

Anno Regni GEORGII II. Regis Magnae Britannia, Franciae, & Hiberniae, tricesimo primo.

AT the parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the thirty first day of May, Anno Domini one thousand seven hundred and fifty in the twenty seventh year of the reign of our sovereign Lord GEORGE the Second by the grace of GOD, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, defender of the faith, &c. And from thence continued by several \prorogations to the first day of December one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, being, the fifth session of this present parliament.

CAP. I.

An act for continuing certain laws made in the last session of parliament, for prohibiting the exportation of corn, malt,

1758.] Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 1. 197

meal, flour, bread, biscuit, and starch; and for prohibiting the making of low wines and spirits, from wheat, barley, malt, or any other sort of grain, or from meal or flour; and to allow the transportation of wheat, barley, oats, meal, and flour, to the Isle of Man, for the use of the inhabitants there; and for reviving and continuing an act made in the same session, for discontinuing the duties upon corn and flour imported, and upon corn, grain, meal, bread, biscuit, and flour, taken from the enemy; and to permit the importation of corn and flour into Great Britain and Ireland, in neutral ships; and to authorise his Majesty, with the advice of his privy council, to order and permit the exportation of such quantities of the commodities aforesaid, as may be necessary for the sustentation of any forces in the pay of Great Britain, or of those of his Majesty's allies acting in support of the common cause; and to prohibit the payment of any bounty upon the exportation of any of the said commodities to be made during the continuance of this act.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the laws herein after-mentioned are near expiring, and it is expedient that the same Should be further continued; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That an act made 2 acts of 30'in the last session of parliament, intituled An act to prohibit, for Geo. a. a time to be limitedy the exportation of corny malt, mealy floury bready biscuity and starch 5 and also an act made in the same session, intituled An act to prohibity for a limited time, the making of low wines and spirits from wheaty barley, malt, or any other Jort of grainy or from any meal or flour; shall be, and the same are here- cont; ^ued to by further continued from the expiration thereof respectively, 4Dei. i7Ss, until the twenty fourth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and fifty eight.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority a- Com may be foresaid, That the said act, intituled An act to prohibity for ^exported from time to be limitedy the exportation of corny malt, mealy floury bready ^dExter°to biscuity andftarchy or any thing therein contained, mall not ex- the Isle of tend to any wheat, barley, oats, meal, or flour, to be transport- Man, for the ed out of or from the ports of Southampton or Exeter only, unto use of the in the Isle of Many for the only use of the inhabitants of that istand, so as the exporter, before the lading of such wheat, barley, oats, er9meal, or flour, or laying the same on board, do become bound the exporter with other sufficient security (which the customer or comptroller 8, vin8 rccun* of either of the said ports respectively, hath hereby power to take in his Majesty's name, and to his Majesty's use, and for which

*s$ Anno tfm&mo primo Georgii II. €< % [[3 7$P.

security no. fee or reward shall be given, or taken) that liich wheat, barley, oats, meal, or flour, shall he landed h) the said ljle of Man (the danger of the seas only excepted) for the use of the inhabitants there, and shall not be landed or fold in any other parts whatsoever, and to return the like certificates of the landing the same there* as are by the fcud a & repaired an the exportation of the bid commodities to the British colonies in America) and within the time for that purpose therein mentioned, and so as the whole quantity of wheat* barley*oats, meal, or flour, which at any time Or times after the passing of this iidt, arrd before the said twenty fourth day of December* shall be shipped an both the said ports for the fain Isle of Man as afore-

xccTnot* o not in the whole, two thousand five hundred

Scced % !$qq quarters, one tnoiety whereof to be exported at the bid port of Quarters m Southampton, and the other moiety thereof to be exported at the

the whole. said port of Exeter; any thing in the said act, or any other act to the contrary notwithstanding.

Act of 30 Geo. XU. And whereas an act made iff the last session of parfia-

to i°ntDeced ment' An act to discontinue* for a limited time, the duties upon corn and four imported and also upon futb iorti* grain* meal* bread, biscuit* and flour, as have been or shall be taken from the enemy, and brought into this kingdom, is expired, and it is necessary that the same Should be revived and continued; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said act shall be, and the same is hereby revived, and shall continue and be in force, until the twenty fourth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and fifty eight.

during which 1^- And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, time, com That it shall be lawful, during the continuance of the said act, and flour may and under the regulations therein mentioned, for any person or be imported perfems whatsoever, to import and bring into this kingdom* in Britain or^re- or belonging to Great Britain, or to any kingdom

{and duty- or date in amity with his Majesty, his heirs, or feccessors* from free, from so- any part or place whatsoever, corn and flour duty- fred \ and reign states in that it shall be lawful at any time or times before the said twen-arnity with the ty fourth day of December, for any person or persons whatfe-_ ever, to import and bring into the kingdom of Ireland, in any ship or vessel belonging to any kingdom or state in amity with his Majesty, his heirs, or successors, com and flour froth any port or place whatsoever; any act or adis of parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And whereas it may become necessary, in case of exigency, to export certain quantities of the commodities aforesaid, for the fapply and sustentation of any forces in the pay of Great Britain, jor of those of his Majesty's allies, acting in fopport of In case of exl- the common cause; be it provided and enacted by the authority igency, the aforesaid, That, in case of such exigency, it shall and may be King may lawful to and for his Majesty, at any time during the continu-btTx- ance of ti'19 by ant* w*1^ the advice of his privy council, ported for the from time to time, to order and permit to be exported from fypply of for- Great Britain or Ireland* for the only use, supply, and fuften-

tation

1758.] Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 2, 3. 199

Nation of the said forces, Rich quantities of the aforesaid com- ces in his pay, modifies as shall be necessary for that purpose, and in Sk«|0ie manner, as his Majesty shall think fit to direct; any thing' in this or any other adk to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

VI. Provided always, That, during the continuance of this No bounty, to adk, the bounty or bounties granted by any law upon the expor- be paid on tation of any of the commodities before-mentioned, shall not allowed or paid to any person upon the exportation thereof out^0 of this kingdom to any place whatsoever, or by whatsoever authority the same maybe exported; anything in this or any other adk of parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. II.

An act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain duties upon malt, mum, cyder, and perry, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty eight.

CAP. III.

An act for allowing tbt importation of fetch fine Italian or-gamine silk into this kingdom from any port or place whatsoever, as shall have been shipped on or before the d<ff therein mentioned.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS by an act passed the last session of parliament, intituled An act for the importation of fine organ* clause seined Italian thrown silk 5 it was (among other things) enacted, inoG, 1# } that it Should and might be lawful for any person or persons to import or bring into this kingdom from any port or place, or m any ship or vessel whatsoever until the first day of December, one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, organzined thrown silk of the growth or production of Italy; and that all such organzined thrown silk as was allowed to be imported by the said adk, wheresoever landed, Should be brought to his Majesty's custom-house at London, to the intent mat no other fort of thrown (ilk might be imported than that allowed by the said adk: and whereas, in pursuance of the said adk, large quantities of such silk were bought and sent over land through Germany, and m all probability would have arrived at London same time before the expiration of the said adk, if the carnage thereof by land had not been protradked by rains and inundations in Italy \ and if the said silk, when shipped, had not been detained in port by storm and contrary winds, so that the said fiHc could not possibly arrive before the time limited by the said adk: and whereas the greatest part of the said silk is, since that time, arrived in the river of Thames: and whereas, if the same is not admitted to be entered, the persons, whose property the said silk is, will be great sufferers; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and Commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same,

200

Importation allowed of such fine Italian organzine lilk, as was Clipped on or before 30 Nov. 3757, under the regulations in the recited act.

Preamble, reciting clauses in aft 11 and la Will. 3.

Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 4, ^8. [1758.

That it shall and may be lawful to and for any person or persons to import and bring into this kingdom from any port or place, and in any ship or vessel whatsoever, all such fine organzine thrown silk of the growth or production of Italy, and of the quality described by the said act, ^as shall appear by the several bills of lacting, and the oaths of the respective captains, to have been shipped on or before the thirtieth day of November} one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, under, and subject to, such penalties and forfeitures as are in the said act mentioned 3 any thing in the said recited act, or any other law or ftasute, to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. IV.

An act for granting an aid to his tfajtly by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty eight; and for inforciner the payment of the rates to be aijfeffed u^on Somerset House in the Strand. Four fldliings in the found.

CAP. V.

An act for punishing mutiny and desertion; and for the better payment of the army and their quarters.

CAP. VI.

An act for the regulation of his Majesty's marine forces while on shore.

CAP. VII.

An act for appointing of for putting in execution an act of this session of parliament, intituled, M act for granting an aid to his Majesty, by a land tax to be rased in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty eight; and fir enforcing the payment of tkt ratet to be afjejftd upon Somerset House in the Strand; and for rectifying a miitake in the said act; and for allowing farther time to the recovers Of ceftaiij aids, for fitting infufer for monies in arrear.

CAP. VIII.

An act for enlarging the terms and powers granted and continued by several acts of parliament> for repairing the harbour of Dover in the county of Kent.

WHEREAS by an act of parliament made and passed in the eleventh and twelfth years of the reign of his late majesty King William the Third, intituled An act for the repair of Dover harbour, several rates and duties were charged upon coals, and upon ships and vessels, in order to raise a lum, not exceeding thirty thousand one hundred pounds, to be applied /or repairing and perfecting the said harbour of Dover, under such rates and directions, apd with such penalties and other provisions for the levying and recovering the same, as are tfiere^ in mentioned, inserted, and contained 3 and which rates, ties, and provisions, were to take place and commence from the first day of May, one thousand seven hundred, and to continue and be in force, until the first day of May, one thousand seven hundred and nine 3 and by two subsequent acts, one of them

1758.] Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 8. 201

made in the second year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne

and the other of them in «he fourth year of the reign of 4 1#

his late majesty King George the First, were continued, and declared to be in force, until the first day of Mays one thousand seven hundred and twenty (even: and whereas by an act made and passed in the ninth year of his late majesty King George the First, 9 Geo. t. intituled An act for compUating the repairs of the harbour of Do* ver in the county of Kent; and for rejioring the harbour of Rye in the county of Sussex to its ancient goodness; after taking notice of the said former acts relating to the harbour of Dover, and that it was found that the said sum of thirty thousand one hundred pounds was not sufficient for the purposes of the said former acts; and that unless a further sum was raised, the said harbour could not be effectually repaired and secured, according to the intent of the said former acts; but that the useful works then begun and carried on for the benefit of the publick, would be wholly loft, and the said harbour again fall to decay, and the town itself.be in danger of being utterly loft and destroyed; and affo reciting, that the ancient harbour of Rye was formerly of great use and benefit to trade and navigation, but the same was then choaked up, and that it was necessary to open the same in such manner as Should be found most proper and expedient to restore the said harbour; it was therefore enacted, That the said acts respectively made in the eleventh and twelfth years of the reign of King William the Third, and the second year of the reign of Queen Anne^ for the repair of Dover harbour, and every dause, matter, or thing, in them, or either of them, contained, and not altered by the said act of the ninth year of King George the First, Should continue, and be in full force and virtue, till the first day of May, one thousand seven hundred and forty four, for the purposes in that and the said former acts mentioned; and that the duty of three pence per ton, granted by the said act of the eleventh and twelfth years of King William the third, for the repair of Dover harbour, upon all lhtps and vessels therein described, Should, from the first day of May one thousand seven hundred and twenty three, be collected and received, in such manner, and by such officers and persons respectively, as in apd by the said act of the eleventh and twelfth of King William the Third, was directed and appointed; and Should be appropriated, divided, and paid, for the benefit of the said harbour of Dover and Rye respectively, in manner following; that is to say, one third thereof to the treasurer for Dover harbour for the time being, to be applied to such uses and purposes as in and by the said former acts are directed; and the other two thirds to the treasurer for the harbour of Ryey to be appointed as therein after is directed: and whereas by an act, qc0# 1# made in the eleventh year of the reign of his present Majesty, the said recited acts, and all the clauses, powers, penalties, and forfeitures, authorities, articles, rules, and directions, therein contained andprescribed, and then in force, Should continue and Jrc in full force, and executed, from an*l after the expiration of

202 Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 8. [1758.

the term continued and granted by the said act of the ninth year of the reign of his said late majesty King George the Ffcrlt, for and during the further term of twenty one years, which term will expire the first day of May one thousand seven hundred and forty five, old stile: and whereas the comifltiftoness or trustees acting under the authority of the former a#s for the harbour of Dovers did borrow upon the credit of the same acts the sum of three thousand pounds, which hath been applied pursuant to the direfHons and for the purposes of the said former a&a, md for the repayment thereof With interdfy the rates and duties so granted were charged and made a security to the pferibft and persons who advanced and lent the said sum, and the famedot£ foil remain due, and owing, and unfatisded: and whereas great progress hath been made in the works intended for the preserva-tioft and improvement of the harbour of Dover % buf the works proposed and directed to be done for that purpose have not been perfie&ed and cotnpleated: and whereas it would tend greatly to the preservation of his Majesty's ships of war, and the pro-tedion and encouragement of the trade of this kingdom, that the said harbour of Dover Should be effectually repaired, and put in good order and condition, but the money arising by the rates and duties granted and appropriated by the said former of the ninth year of the reign of King George the First, for the repair of Dover harbour, will not be sufficient for that purpose, and for discharging the said sum of three thousand pounds borrowed upon the credit of the former adb as aforesaid, unless the terms for which the said rates and duties are granted by the said former acts be enlarged, or same other provision be made in that behalf: may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords fpi ritual r and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflem-t^e^rares °* and by the authority of the same, That from and after granted by the expiration of the terms Continued and granted by the said former acts, act passed in the ninth year of the reign of his late Majesty, and continued for by ^he said act of the eleventh year of his present Majesty, one »i years. moiety of the rates and duties granted and continued by the said former acts, shall be granted and continued for the term of twenty one years, and shall be collected and received in such manner, and by such officers and persons respectively, as was directed by the said act of King William the Third, with respect to the duties thereby granted $ and shall be applied for the benefit and support of the harbour of Dover, and for the cKfcharging the said sum of three thousatid pounds, and such other money as shall hereafter be borrowed and taken up upon any mortgage for security to be made of the duties applicable for the benefit of the same harbour; and that all the provisions, powers, penalties and forfeitures contained in the said former acte of King William the Third, King George the First, and his present Ma-tormei acts, jesty, so far as they relate to the harbour of Dover (excepting expended for onty what concerns the fate of foe duties to be coftc&fed, and

foe

Application

thereof.

The powers

and regulations of the

1758.] Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 9, to 203

the divifkm of them into two parts, which is herein before other- the purposes wife provided for) shall be and continue in as full force as they of this act. flow are, by virtue of the said acts, for and during the said term of twenty one years, to commence from the expiration of of the said former terms granted and continued by the said acts.

[Publick act.]

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this prerent ad shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick act, and be judicially taken notice of as such by all judges* justices, and other persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. IX.

An act to iftdtmnffy persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for offices and employments j and to indemnify justices of the peace, and others, who have omitted to register their qualifications within the time Cmited by law; and for giving further time for those purposes, and the ling of affidavits of articles of clerkfiiip.

Preamble, reciting the several qualifying acts of i Geo. i. 13 Car. 2.

25 Car. a* 13 Car.2. 18 Geo. 2. 3© Geo. 2. Further time* to 28 Nov.

>758, allowed to persons who have omitted to qualify themselves, as the said Uwt direct. Persons qualifying the mselvss in manner and within the time appointed, recapacitated and indemnified. Further time allowed for providing and damping ad millions into civil offices. Officers thereupon recapacitated, and indemnified. Offices, 6cc. already avoided by judgement of a court, and filled up. confirmed. Provish.

CAP. X.

An act for the encouragement of seamen employed in the royal navy; and for estabishing a regular method for the punSualy frequent^ and certain payment of their wages; and for enabling them more eastly and readily to remit the same for the support of their wives and families; and for preventing frauds and abuses attending such payments.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the encouragement of seamen employed in the royal navy % will greatly tend to augment the marine forte of this realm, whereon, under the good providence and protection of Goa, the security of these kingdoms, end the support and preservation of their trade and commerce, do most immediately depend: and whereas by an act made in the first year of the reign of his present Majesty, Act, Geo. % intituled An act for granting an aid to his Majesty, of five hundred thousand pounds, towards discharging wages due to sea-xnen; and for the confiant, regular, and punctual payment of Teamens wages for the future; and for appropriating the sup-plics granted in this present session of parliament; and for disposing of the surplus of the money granted for half pay, for the year one thousand seven hundred and twenty seven; and by another act also made in the first year of the reign of his present Majesty) Act j Geo. ». intituled An act for encouraging seamen to enter into his Majesty's service, several provifms and regulations wen wasted and prescribedy for the benefit and encouragement of the seamen employed in the royal nervy, and for preventing frauds and abuses in purchasing their ytages or pay; which provifms and regulations) from various

204.] Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 10. [1758.

difficulties in carrying the same into execution, have been found, in a great mcalhre, in effectual to answer the purposes thereby intended: and whereas the establishing a regular method for the punctual, frequent, and certain payment of the wages or pay due to inferior officers and fiamen employed in the royal navy; the enabling such officers and seamen more easily and readily to obtain such payments, and to allot and remit any part thereof for the support and relief of their v)ives and families; and the preventings as far as may be, the unwary, the ignorant, or the necessitous, from being defrauded and injured by the extortion and usury of wicked and evil-designing persons, are of the utmost consequence to the publick service; therefore, for effectuating these important and compassionate purposes, be it enacted by the King-s most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the autho-Volanteer, en- rity of the same, That from and after the first day of November, teringhis one rhopfand seven hundred and fifty eight, if any Teaman, or Dr % Woffic*r able-bodied landman, shall freely and voluntarily come before proper o, an(j enter name wJth any commission officer or officers erf the fleet, to be appointed for entering such volunteers, in order to serve in, or on board, any of the ships of vessels of his Majesty, Jiis heirs, or successors, then fitting out for sea, or that and receiving shall be in want of men, and shall receive a certificate of his so thereof^6 *nS from, such commission officer or officers (who is or are hereby directed and required to make out and give such certificates, without fee or reward, and duly to date the same) and if such person shall forthwith proceed towards such ship or vessel, and shall make his personal appearance on board the Tame, and appearing within the space of fourteen days from the day of the date of ecTtirne on*' certificate, fiiclusive of the day of the date thereof, if the

boanTthTship place where he so enters his name be not above one hundred in which he is miles dirtant from the port where such ship or vessel lies; or to serve, within the space of twenty days, if it be at a greater distance; is intitled to or within the space of thirty days, if the place where he foen-^aegdate°o? ters name above two hundred miles distant; then, and in his certificate; such ca^e> every such person shall be and is hereby declared to and to be paid be, intitled to wages from the day of the date of such certificate, eondud mo- inclusive of the day of the dare thereof, and shall also be allowed ec* t^lc conclu& money, and shall be paid an advance of two

tw^months months wages at the first fitting out of such ship or vessel, and wages. before such ship or vessel in which he shall serve lfiall proceed to sea.

II. And for remedying the many inconveniencies, mistakes, and hard-/hips, which arise from bearing any seamen or able-bodied landmen on board of his Majesty's ships, for any length of time, as supernumeraries, for vifimh only, be it further enacted by the authority a-Men borne on foresaid> That from and after the said first day of November, books as fu- every seaman, or able-bodied landman, who shall be entered on pernumera- the books of any ship or vessel belonging to his Majesty, his ries, arc in- his heirs, or successors, as supernumerary to the complement titled to of such (bip of vessel, shall he bgrne for, and imitlqd to, his wages, «c. wages,

1758.] Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 10. 205

wages, upon the books of the first, and of every other ship or on board the vessel in which he shall serve for the space of ten days, and shall ej

receive all other benefits and advantages as if he were part of foalTferve in the complement thereof for 10 days,

III. Provided always, That where such fearoan, or able-bodied landman, shall have been lent from any ship or vessel be- Men lent from longing to his Majesty, his heirs, or successors, to any other another* are to such ship or vessel, such seaman, or able-bodied landman, shall be borne on continue to be borne for, and intitled.to, his wages, upon the the ship's books of such ship or vessel from which he shall have been so lent, until he shall be regularly discharged from thence, and in till dif-no other; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwith- charged, landing.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Inferior of-That from and after the said first day of November, in case any ficeror^inferior officer or seaman shall be turned over from one ship or vessel in the service of his Majesty, his heirs, or successors, into ther ship, any other such ship or vessel, either by order from the lord Jhigh admiral of Great Britain, or from the commissioners for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain, or any three or more of them, or by order from any commander in chief of any squadron of such ships or vefleis, in any port of (hal^be or? Great Britain, or on the coast of the same, every such officer come into any and seaman, in case such ship or vessel, into which he shall be port of Great: so turned over, shall be in or shall come into anyjport of Great Britain, wtatt Britain where any commissioner of the navy shall be or reside,

shall be paid, by proper pay lifts to be made our, aft the wages vy shall be, which shall appear to be auc to him in the ship or vessel from is to be paid which he shall be so turned over, before the ship or vessel, into the wages due which he shall be turned over, shall proceed to sea; unless it (^h ship goes' shall be otherwise directed by special order from the lord high to sea>.admiral of Great Britain, or from the commissioners for executing unless by the the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain, or any three or admiralty it more of them, in cases of the greatest exigency only: and -

such ship or vessel, in pursuance of the said order, shall proceed m which case, to sea before such payment can possibly be made, then the said he is to be wages shall be paid as soon as ever such ship or vessel shall come P^d as (bona* again into any such port of Great Britain where any com- flnp re"

turns imo

missioner of the navy shall be or reside as aforesaid. port a^aill>

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the autho- Persons turned rity aforesaid, That in case any officer or seaman shall be turn- over, are to be ed over from one ship or vessel in the service of his Majesty, his rated, and heirs or successors, into any other such ship or vessel 5 then, and [^mer ., in such case, such officer or seaman, so turned over, shall not tormer ip* serve or be rated in a worse quality, or lower degree or station, than he Served in or was rated for in the ship or vessel from which and to be paid he was turned pver; and shallreceive, over and above such wages tj'c, rJa8ie3 as shall then be due to him, an advance of two rqotyhs wages, two*months"

before the ship or vessel into which he shall be fojutn^cJ overpay in ad- shall proceed to sea, in case he shall not have fcccived sech ad- vance, it none

be received

before.

206 Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 10.

[1^58-

vance in any of the ships or vessels from which he shall be so turned over.

VI. And, to the intent that all arrears of seamens wages, and their growing wages, may be constantly, regularly, and punctually paid; be it farther enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and out of such monies as have been or shall be granted in this session of parliament, for the service of the navy; and also Monies are to' from and out of all such supplies as shall be hereafter granted in be appropri- parliament, for any naval services, such sums of money shall, in the first place, be appropriated, and shall, from time to time, be issued and applied, as shall be sufficient for the constant, regular, and punctual payment of all tickets that shall be made out in the manner herein after directed, for the wages or

ated and issued, in the first place, out of the

grants for

naval services, due to zny officer or seaman; and also for the constant, regul the regular an(* Pun(^ua* discharge of all wages orj>ay now due, or to grow

payment of seamens tickets,

U,

pay twelve months, or more, and lie

due, upon any ship's books, to any officer or seaman employed in the royal navy, in manner following; that is to say, That -. from time to time, and at all times, from and after the said first

shall be in lea ^ay November, when and so often as any of the ships or vessels of his Majesty, his heirs, or successors, shall have been in sea pay twelve whole months, or more, if such ship or vessel shall then be, or shall arrive, in any port of Great Britain, or on the the Pcoaft0of0, coa^ l^erco^captain or commander of such ship or vefle! Great Britain, shall immediately make out, or cause to be made out, fivecom-the captain is* plete pay books for all the officers and seamen belonging to the to make out said ship or vessel, for all the time that such ship or vessel shall

fexcetfor the ^avc ^ecnn ^ca PaY> excePl the six months; to which last^months) videlicet, the last six months, the wages due upon all such

ships or vessels are hereby intended to be cleared; and shall them^ithi fort^with fend or transmit, by the first safe opportunity, such alphabets, and Pay books, together with three alphabets, and a (lop book, to a (lop book, the of of the navy, at their board; and whensoever or as soon as any such ship or vessel, having been twelve whole months or more in sea pay as aforesaid, shall be or arrive in any port of Great Britain where any commissioner of the navy shall be or reside, the said of of the navy, at their board.

to the navy board.

On the ship's arrival where

a commission- are hereby ftriCly directed and required to sollicit such sums of money as shall be sufficient, and as soon as the same shall be issued, to cause immediate payment to be made of all the wages due upon the said pay books as aforesaid, to all such officers and seamen, their executors or administrators, or to the respective attorney or attornies of such officers or seamen, their executors or administrators duly authorized as is herein after directed, deducing the reout whatever monies shall have been paid before by way of advance, or that shall stand against them in the books of such ships or vefleis, on account of any defalcation; leaving always six months wages, and no more, due to such officers and seamen for their service in such ship or vessel, unpaid and in arrear: and whenever any of the ships or vessels of his Majesty, his heirs, or successors, shall return home in order to be laid up, all the wages dua to the officers and seamen serving on

er is, money is to be solicited, and payment immediately to be made.

deducing ad. vance money and defaica* tien.

Ships laid up are to be paid off within % months.

1758.] Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 10. 207

board of any such ship or vessel, shill bo entirely paid off as soon as may be, or within two months at farthest after the arrival of such ship or vessel in the port where the same is designed to belaid up: and it is hereby declared, That the computation of the said month's wages mall be by reckoning twenty eight days to the month, according to the usual course or practice of the navy.

VII. And whereas inferior officers and seamen art frequently ab- jent % either with the leave of the commending officer, or upon duty, at the time of the payment of the ship or vessel to which they belong; therefore, for enabling such officers or seamen to receive their wages or pay with as little delay as possible; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first day of u appjjca. November*, whensoever and as often as any application shall be tl£n to the made to the cornrnaffioners of the navy, at their board, by any navy board, such inferior officer or seaman, who shall then be in the service ^ie Pay books of h» Majesty, his heirs, or fiicccffors, and who shall have ant

been so absent at the payment of the ship or vessel whereunto he comnufhoner, did belong as aforesaid, or from the captain or commander of for paying off any ship or vessel of his Majesty, his heirs, or successors, on such m«n the board of which foefa officer or seaman shall then serve, in case la" ^a, ["alvc such ship or vessel shall be in any port where any commissioner been absent at of the navy shall be or rafale 5 then the of of the the payment navy, at their board, shall immediately, upon such application, of the ship. cause the pay books of such ship or vessel so paid, or pay lifts for hick officers and seamen so unpaid made out from them, to be font, without any delay, to the commissioner of the navy at the port where (uph ship or vessel shall be to which such officers or seamen shall then belong and such commissioner of the navy fluarfl forthwith cause payment to be made to the said officers and seamen of the wages or pay which they were entitled to receive on the payment of fetch ship or vessel, as aforesaid.

VIII. And whereas many inconveniencies and frauds have arisen far went af a proper regulation with respeSl to making out, and to the payment of the tickets of inferior officers and seamen; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and upon the after the said first day of November, if any inferior officer or death of an seaman shall die in the service of his Majesty, his heirs, or fuc- inferior otfi-cessors, the captain or commander of the ship or vessel in which tJe captafaTs* such officer or seaman served at the time of his death, shall, as to mak/out*soon as may be after his death, make out a ticket for the wages ticket for his oc pay due to such officer or seaman at the time of his death 5 Pay* aPd which ticket the said captain or commander shall sign himself, and shall cause to be signed by the proper signing officers of navy board; such ship or vessel, and shall fend or transmit the said ticket so for the use of made out and signed as aforesaid, by the first safe opportunity, the executors, to the of of the navy, at their board, for the use of the executors or administratOrs of such officer or seaman: and Hay of re-the said of of the navy shall immediately cause the ceipttobe today of the receipt of such ticket to be mdorfed thereon; and ^r.\ndthe* such ticket shall be forthwith examined and shall, by three or ticket to be

more examined, and

aligned for payment;

and to be delivered to the executors,

and the money paid.

Captain to report inferior officer or sea^ man fit to be

20$ Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 10. [1758.

more of the said of of the navy, be assigned rfpr payment as soon as may be, or within one month at farthest, to be computed from the day of the making such indorseraeat j and the said ticket being so aligned for paymentr shall, without any fee or reward whatsoever, ne. delivered* upon demand, to the executors or administrators of such officer or seaman, or to their respective attorney or attornies, to be duly authorized as is herein after directed; and the money due thereon shall, without any fee or reward whatsoever, be paid to such executors or administrators, or to their respective attorney or attornies as aforesaid, as fpon as such ticket shall be brought to the-pay office of the navy.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first day of November, when and so often as any inferior officer or seaman, in the service of his diich ed a* Majesty, his heirs, <or successors, shall, by wounds, ficknefe, or unserviceable; any other majpieft infirmity, be disabled and rendered uaservice- able, in case such officer or, seaman shall be on board of any ship or vessel which shall then be in any port of Great Britain, or on the coast thereof, or which shall belong to any squadron of his Majesty's ships or vessels which shall not be in any port of Great Britain, or on the coast thereof, the captain or commander of such ship or vessel, shall represent the same to the commander in chief of any squadron of his Majesty's ships or vefleis, 'who is hereby directed carefully to inquire into, and to examine the same; and if he shall be fully satisfied thereof, such commander in chief shall order such captain or commander to discharge such officer or seaman, and to make out and sign, in the usual form, a, ticket for the wages or pay then due to such officer or seaman; or if such ship or vessel shall not be many port of Great Britain* or on the coast thereof, and shall not belong to any squadron of ships or vessels of his Majesty, his heirs, or successors, or shall be separated from the commander in chief of any squadron to which such ship or vessel shall belong, then the captain or commander of such ship or vessel, being fully satisfied of such disability, shall discharge such officer or seaman, and shall make out such ticket without the direction of any such commander in chief, and shall sign the same himself, and cause it to be figoed by the proper signing officers, as aforesaid: and whenever any such officer or seaman, so disabled and rendered unserviceable, shall be discharged, and such ticket shall be so made out for such officer or seaman, and shall be signed in the manner herein be-and deliver to fore directed, such captain or commander shall, at iho same him accrtifi- time, grant and deliver to such officer or seaman, without fee or reward, a certificate of his discharge, containing an cxa&^copy of the £ld ticket, and a description of the person for whom such ticket was so made out; which ticket shall not, upon any account or pretence whatsoever, be delivered to such officer or seaman, but such captain or commander shall fend or transmit the same, by the first safe opportunity, to the of of the navy, at their board, for the use of such officer pr. feamanj

and

and upon dif-c!wrgq.grant-o make o^t a ticket for his pay.

cate of his discharge,

but transinSt the tioket to the navy board;

1758.] Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. to 2°9

and the find of shall immediately cause the day when ?rh<JarF to/n-r they shall receive such ticket to be endorsed thereon, and such ticket shall be forthwith examined, and shall, by three or more thereon, and of the said of, be assigned for payment, as soon as examine the may be, or within one month at farthest from the day of the ticket, and maxing of such endorsement: and in case such officer or seaman p* Vn/* shall present the find certificate of his discharge at the navy of- an a"# preface, the said of of the navy, or any of them, shall fentment be forthwith examine the said certificate, and the person presenting made of the the same, and being finished that the said certificate was made £he are^o out for the said person, and that he is rendered unserviceable, examine, and shall sign and testify the same on such certificate; and the said sign the same, ticket, being so assigned for payment, shall, without any fee or satisfied reward whatsoever, bfi immediately delivered to such officer or J^jiddiv seaman to whom such certificate of discharge shall have beenhc ticket* granted as aforesaid, and to no other person whatsoever, and the thereupon to money due thereon shall, without any fee or reward, be paid the owner, to fuen officer or feftman, and to no other person whatsoever, as and th? mo* loon as such ticket shall be brought to the pay office of the navy; p*fd 0 e or if the said ticket shall not have been transmitted to, and re- if the ticket ceived by the said of of the navy, at their board, be not trans. then the said certificate shall be forthwith examined as aforesaid, mittFd ?r.and the money appearing to be due on the said ticket, by the

copy thereof contained in the said certificate, shall be paid to alone, when the person producing the same, as aforesaid, and to no other examined, &c. person whatsoever, in like manner as if the said original ticket18 suffic*ent. had been transmitted and received: and in case any officer or jf the certifi-seaman, so discharged, shall be desirous to receive his wages or cate be prepay at any port of Great Britain where a commissioner of the fcnted to a navy shall be or resute, and shall present to such commissioner the certificate of his discharge, the said commissioner upon ex- Great

amining such certificate, and the person so presenting the same, Britain, he is and being satisfied that the said certificate was made out for the to examine said person, and that he is rendered unserviceable, shall sign and and testify the lame on such certificate, and transmit such certi- therewith^ ficate to the of of the navy, at their board, who are and transmit9hereby ftridHy charged and required, within four days after the it to the navy receipt of such certificate, to cause the ticket made out and transmitted to them for such officer or seaman, and assigned for der payment as aforesaid; or if such ticket shall not have been trans- to be made*mitted to, and received by them, then the said certificate, con- thereupon at tabling a copy of the said ticket, instead thereof; to be sent to such P°rt» the said commissioner of the navy at such port, who shall cause the money due thereon to be immediately paid at such port, to such officer or seaman applying for the same, and intitled thereto, without any fee, reward, of deduction whatsoever; and thend the com-commissioner of, the navy at such port where such certificate shall be so presented, shall fend such officer or seaman, so pre- j^led man, 1*Tenting the same, with an order to the nearest hospital, who with an order, shall receive such officer or seaman, and victual him from the to the nearrft. Vot. XXII. P time hofP, ul»t, u

no Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. no.

[1758.

Payment of time he shall present fetch certificate, until be shall be so paid his wages. the wages or pay due to him as aforesaid.

If the certifi* X. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the cate ibottkl be authority aforesaid, That incase any fitch certificate herein before loft or destroy. directed tb be granted and delivered to inch inferior officer or cd> seaman, so discharged, on account of bong rendered unfisrvice-

able, as aforesaid, Should happen to be Ion or destroyed; or if or the person any such officer or seaman (houkl not appear in peefotv and pm* and present ^ent ^amc to t*ie of of the navy, at their board, the same, or to the commissioner of the navy at any such port in Great Britain, as aforesaid; in either of which caies, the wages or pay due to such officer or seaman, would not be payable by virtue or the money of the said ticket so made out for him; or if the veages or pay due on the due upon such ticket, shall not be paid before the general pay-oaidlbefore* ment 0* t^lc coPanT i then, and in every iuchcafe, Che

the general fyd of of the navy, at their board, shall cause feich payment of ticket to be cancelled, and all such wages or pay shall accrue and the ship; the become payable to such officer or seaman, his executors or ad* cancdleV°and m, n*strators*> to respective attorney or attormes of? sech the wages to 0^cer or teaman, his executors or administrators, demanding be paid to the the same, and duly authorized as is herein after dice&od, when executors, &c. the wages or pay due upon such ship or vessel shall be paid, in the manner prescribed by this a€k> and as if such ticket and certificate had never been made out or granted; any thing herein contained, or any law or usage to the contrary, notwithstanding. Captain to

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, make out tick That from and after the said first day of November^ when and tickets for so often as any inferior officer or seaman belonging to any ship ihofe set a- & ve(fci of his Majesty, his heirs, or successors, (had, by order transrn^the the captain or commander of such ship or vefic), be set sick ftme with the ashore, and be sent into any hospital, or sick quarters, for- his sick per feu i to recovery, such captain or commander shall, at the same time, the hospital; make out a sick ticket for the wages or pay then due to such officer or seaman, and shall sign the same himself, and caofe it to be signed by the proper signing officers as aforesaid; which sick ticket being so made out, and signed, shall be transeniued along with such officer or seaman to such hospital or sick quar* ters: and if such officer or seaman not being cured in such hospital, or sick quarters, shall be regularly discharged from thence artdifanybt ag unserviceable, then a certificate of feich discharge, together unferviccabk, w*h t^e^sick ticket annexed thereunto, shall be granted and n certificate*delivered to him $ and in case he shall present the ume to the thereof, with commiGioner of the navy that shall be or reside at any port in the sick ticket Great Britain, such commissioner of the navy, upon examining beTranted to ^ie Per^)n patenting the same, and being duly satisfied thnt^he him j 1S rendered unserviceable, shall sign and testify the same on such

which being certificate, and shall forthwith transtnit such certificate, together prerented to a with the said lick ticket annexed thereunto, to the comtnifitoners Mo^cned tllc nav>'» ather hoard, who are hereby ftrhftly charged and by him, S' fa- required immediately to cause the day when they (haM reome Htfied there, the same to be indorsed thereon, and such certificate and lick

175^1 Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c*kx in

ticket afidernttriterewHo, to be ewtmimd by the tnufter books, w'thi and if received, and a proper ticket Of pay "f* iB. th!£Urta, Il form' wtofiticket to be m*drout within nor days after the gecetpt of fetch aerti- the nary fibaw and fid&MkeC, for the payment all stages or pay duo board, who to such offices or fownari; and shall fend such ticket- or pay lift are toexamine without skny delayto- the said commissioner of the navy at suchnd'ndorfe, port, who shall, without any fee or reward whatsoever, cause a.

the raonoydue thereon to be immediately paid to such. officer pay lift, or teaman, applying for the same, and mtitled thereunto j who aml tj, e party notwithstanding fitch difehatge, shall be kept and maintained in jJt0bekeptin fuchhofpitaf, or sick quarters* from the time he shall present sick quarters such certificate and sick ticket annexed thereunto, until he shall till payment, ha for paid the wages or pay due to him, as aforesaid.

Xn. Provided always, and it is- hereby further enacted by Payment of the authority aforesaid, That in case the tnufter books or pay tickets, cer-books for any such ship or vessel shall not be regularly trans- °not

nutted to* and received by, the of of the navy, in tPQ be delayed, the manner herein before prescribed* yet the payment of the for want of the ticksets, or certificates containing copies thereof, or pay lift*, mufleror pay herein before directed to be made out or granted, shall not be |^dSuiy°fCn^ delayed or postponed for such omission; but if any error, to the^the navy detriment of the publick treasure, shall be made in any such board, ticket^ or certificate containing a copy thereof, or pay lifts, by If error be the captain or commander issuing or making out the same, the ^cke^the^ left arising by such error shall be made good and coropenfatod iofs t9Q out of any wagesor pay due or to grow due to such captain or made good out commander by whom such ticket, or certificate, or pay lift, of the cap-was ib made out or granted as aforesaid. tain'#

XIII. And, in order to enable inferior officers and seamen \\ employed abroad tio remit any part of their wages or pay for the suppott-of their wives and families, without any expence or delay,; and free from usurious oppressions v be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first day If a ship, nbt of November^ when and so often as any such ship or vessel which on the coast» fttall not be in any port of Great Britain, or on the coast there- Q^B^ritein shall have twelve months wages or pay due, the captain or shal^be in sea* commander of such ship or vessel shall read over, or cause to be pay twelve read over, in a distinct audible manner, the names of all the months, inferior officers and seamen belonging to such ship or vessel, and 11

shall cause every such officer and seaman to answer to his name; ship'Tcrew to and shall do the femey from time to time, at the end of every be called over, six months, as king as such ship or vessel shall have twelve months, or more, wages or pay due as aforesaid: and if any an(j any such officer or seaman (bah thereupon declare by word of mouth, shall desire to or deliver in writing, the name and place of abode of his wife, remh hi* wa*-father, or mother, and desire that the whole, or any part, Gf scs to I11*'1* his wages or pay then due (except the wages or pay that shall 9rpar^ s*be due for the last six months of his service on beard stich ship or vessel) Should be allotted and paid to his feid wife, father, or mothery by the receiver general of the land tax for any county, riding, of city* in Gn^t Britain^ or by the coiletfor of the customs

212.] Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c*K>f, (^5-

for any port, or collector of the exciset far any cpUe&ion in Great Britain* or by the clerk of fee cheque ht any of his the captain is Majesty's dock yirds; then, and in such cate* the^cuptaifr hr*rcr bib of°" commander of such ship or vessel is hereby ftridUy^j^ufreA aich persons ant* enjoined to cause four lifts to be made, out, w^chfhaJI to be made contain the names of all such inferior officersndjwm$k as out, shall be desirous to remit to their wives, fathers, pinmothers,

the whole, or any part, of their wages or pay, ' except for the last six months of their service as aforesaid; in which liftsfr thy amount of the wages or pay so desired to be paid, the name4 and place of abode of such officer or Teaman's wife, father, or kno-ther, to whom such wages or pay are to be remitted and paid, and the receiver general of the land tax, colk&or of the costoms, collector Of the excite9, or clerk of the cheque, by whom such wages are to be made payable, shall be specified and described in three separate distinct columns, opposite to the nametrft such which are to officer or teaman, in the said lifts; and every such officer or sea-be signed by man who shall so desire that any such part of his wages ^or pay prope/offi!' maY* ^ottc<* anc^ Pa>^ to his wife, father, or mother, shall cert, and write his name, or make his mark, in a separate distinct column transnrittc^i to in the said lifts; which lifts shall be forthwith compleated, and Jb* "avy by the captain or commander, and proper signing officers

*KW^d, of such ship or vessel; and such captain or commander shall transmit the said lifts, by the first (afe opportunity, without any neglect or delay whatsoever, to the of of the navy, at their board: and the said of, upon receiving'such lifts wherein any such allotment shall be made by any such tnfe-who are to r*or °cer or* teaman, of any such part of his wages or pay, to make out two his wife, father, or mother, shall immediately make out, or cause bUU, dupli- to be made out, two bills for every such allotment; which biffs catei, for such shall be duplicates, and joined together with oblique rmek^dd-ftUotiutnts, fj(hes, or devices, in such manner as the said commission^s, which are to any three or more of them, shall think proper; and; fltirflbe bo fnade/pay- made payable to the wife, father, br mother, respfe<$$vdWJof ^tc^c^du)g such inferior officer or teaman, by the receiver general Or the pointm^t ia land tax, collectoi'of the customs, collector of the'fo&ift*: 6r the lfits, clerk of the cheque, respectively, according to theappolhtfkient and signed byn bills, being numbered1 antP dated,

three com- 7 shall be signed by any three of of the navyiv*a&be ^nilfiontrs. written or printed according to the^following form Vi 1 -

A. N° I. Navy Gf&Jfe.

sir, 1:

thuwvy

hi pradututg tk* 4u-

_ \der the hatids of

nijier and eh'urch war dens, or, in that part of Great Britain fttihd Scotland, under the hands of the minister and two elders if the pa-

n': Jb

The form; "DAY to B.D. of.

r r w^e a

: »/.{2£{»/E-D.

to his Majestf t upon

plicate hereof, with a certificate, m

213

Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 10.

tish where iWfrlAjt B. D. that the B. p. to the

best tf.tbtjr ht/wltdgt and belief, is the -j^E.

D. the sum of being on account of the wages of the

find E. D. if the same shall be demanded within six calendar months from thi date hereof \ otherwise you are to return this bill to the treasurer of the navy, at the pay office of the navy.

The receiver gene-! rfcl of the land 'tax of the county of':

The collator of the To'aistoms at the

'pent of The <olleflor of the exdfeat v The clerk of the {^che^ueat

By virtue of the act of the thirty first George the Second.

Commissioners the navy

N.B. The personating or falsely assuming the name anicharafter of the wiser relation of any inferior officer or seaman, or procuring any other to do the same, in order to receive wages due to such Officer or seaman, is made felony without benefit of clergy, by thirty first George the Second

And as icon as the said bills shall be so made out and signed, xhe bills to be the said commissioner* of the navy shall cause them to be cut cut out in-asunder, iodentwife, through the oblique lines, flouri(hesf or dentwife j and devices; and shall cause one of the said bills to be transmitted one to beJent forthwith to the person nominated and specified in such lifts as the wife, father, or mother, of such officer or seaman, and the other of the said bills to be transmitted forthwith to the said re- and the other ceiver general of the land tax, collector of the customs, collector to the person of the excise, or clerk of the cheque, on whom such bill shall be so drawn as aforesaid: and the said receiver general of the land up<^ present-tax, collector of the customs, collector of the excise, and clerk of ment of the the cheque, if the said duplicates of such bill shall be produced duplicate and and delivered to either of them respectively within six calendar ^jj.* months from the date thereof, are hereby required and enjoined and

to examine such duplicate, together with the certificate to be examination produced as aforesaidj and to enquire into the truth thereof, by of the troth the oath of the person producing the same; which oath they are certified on hereby respectively authorized and directed to administer; and mo-upon being duly satisfied of the truth of such certificate, to tef-' to be " tify the same on the back of such bill; and shall immediately paid; pay to the wife, father, or mother, of such officer or seaman, without fee or reward on any pretence whatever, the sum contained

2i4 Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. (^9

in sech bill, taking hit or her fecc^foCtbe famexm

and the bill the back thereof; which bill so paW, > upon being produced and and duplicate delivered, together wiflh the duplicate thereof, at the navy rf-to be returned foe, shall be immediately assigntd for payment bytbtecormore board, and e- of of the navy; and shall (be immediately-repaid by paid by the the treasurer of the navy, to such receiver general of the land treasurer. tax, collector of the customs, collector of the excise, clerk of the cheque, or to the order of any such receiver general, collector of the customs, collector of, the exoise, hr derfc of the If thedupli- cheque respectively: but in case the duplicate of ftidh bill shall cate and cer- not be produced and delivered, and the payment thereof be* not demanded, within six calendar months from the dafothtqraf, within fix C. 01 if a proper certificate of the person claiming to be the wifr, months, father, or mother, of such officer or seaman, be not like wife produced, then the said receiver general, collector of the toms, collector of the excise, or desk of the cheque, shall return such bill to the treasurer of the navy, at 'the pay Office of the navy, who shall cause such bill to be immediately cancelled; the bill is to and from and after the cancelling thereof, the sum contained be returned to \n such bill shall accrue and become payable to such inferior of-ofth7navy, r*ccr or k3111311 for whose wages or pay it was made out, or to and cancelled j his executors or administrators, or Co the respective attorney or and the mo- attornies of such officer or seaman, his executors or administta-ney to be paid tors, demanding she same, and duly authorized as is herein Jta wlm ffie a^tcr hested, without any fee, reward, or dcduSiori whatso-ship i$ paid, ever, when the wages or pay due upon such ship or vessel shall be paid, in the manner prescribed by this act.

XIV. And, for the better enabling Inferior officers and seamen, upon payment being made to them of their wages or pay in the manner hereby before directed, to remit any part thereof to their wives, children, or parents, or to such other person as they shall judge proper; be it further enacted by the authority Bills to be aforesaid, That from and after the said first day of November, made out, &c. when and so often as any wages or pay due to such inferior in like man- office, or seaman shall be paid at the pay office of the navy, or nSn, at the" any °?* cut Ports5'in the manner before prefcrfbfed, ir such time of re- officer or seaman shall desire to receive a bill for the whole, or ceiving his for any part of his said wages or pay, to be drawn upon thee-pay, shall de. general of the land tax for any county, riding, or city* in any parti Great Britain, or upon any collector of the customs for arty ^drt, thereof to his or collector of the excise for any collection in GreOTBritain, or wiffe, children, upon the Clerk of the cheque at any of his Majesty's ddek or^Afcpts, &c. yards- then, and in such case, two bills, being duplicates, and joined together with oblique lines, flourishes, lor devices, as aforesaid, (haw be immediately made out, numbered, and dated, by the clerk of the treasurer of the navy, appointed to pay such wages* and be fi|ned, if made out at the pay office of the naVv, by the of of the navy comptnolling the payment when such bills (hah be so made out; or if made but at any of the out ports, by the Commissioner of the navy comptroffing such payment there; and such bills shall be attested at the fbot

thereof*

f?5&] Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 10.

thereof^ by the first clerk of the treasurer of the navy at such pay office «r out port; and the said bills shall be made payable to fwch perfiaa or perifons only, and by Inch receiver general, coUoAor of the cuuome, collector of the excise, or clerk of the cheque, as shall then be named by such inferior officer or sea-mao, and hderted in such bills; which shall be written or printed nocordsng to the fallowing farm:

A. N°L

SIR,

PA Yh> B. C. of m |m 1 producing and Form of the

1 tfcdr bills

delivering the duplicate "hereof, thefumof being on account of the wages of D. E. on board of his fidajfly's flip the if the same be demanded within

six calendar months from the date heruf; otherwise you are to return this bill to the treasurer of the navy at the peg of the navy.

'The receiver general of the land tax for the county of

To

A The collector of the customs at the port of The collector of the excise at The clerk of the; cheque at

Signed,

Attested,

I

1

F. G. Commissioner of the navy.

H.J. Clerk to tho treasurer of the navy.

By virtue of the ail of tho

thirty first of George the Second.

And so soon as the said bill Anil be made out, assigned, and at- Bills to becut tested, the said commissioner'of the navy dull cause them to be cut indentwise, afuoder, indentwise through the oblique lines, flourilhes, or de-viees, and shall cause one of the said bills to be delivered to such fbe officer or feaaoan, and the other to be forthwith transmitted to and the other the said receiver general of the land tax, collector of the customs, to be remitted collector of the excise, or clerk of the cheque, on whom such to tbf bill shall be drawn as aforesaid: and the said receiver general of*

the land tax, collector of the customs, collector of the excise, or upon produ-clerk of the cheque, are hereby firidUy required and enjoin- cing the dupli-ed, if the duplicate of such bill shall, within six calendar months cate 'T'tb>" fix from the date thereof, be produced and delivered to either of SlTtobe them respectivelyt, by the person or persons to, whom such bill is paid}

payable, to pay to fetch person or persons immediately, without fee' me reward on any pretence whatsoever, the sum contained (fwwin, taking his, her, or their receipt for the same, on the

P 4'back

and upon re> turning the same, «c. to the navy office, the money to be re-imbi

216 Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II.

back of the said bill; which l^f9t|pkUwp*n bring predated and delivered, together with the duplicate d\eceof, «t: thdjDi»y office, shall he immediately assignoii for payment bythrepotf more cpfzmissioners of the* i>*vy, and shall)^ immediately rt-paid by the treasurer of the navy to Aieb receiver gprwrakctf the 'urJd*inland tax, cplledoc of the qufioms, oelle<Sor oftw&expifc^or cate CheUnot derk tllc cheque, or to the order of any such floccrar gcue* produced, andral, colleger of the custom*» colleger of the excise^oh.xlerkiof payment de- the cheque $ but in case the duplicate of such btU ftttlioaot tfcto manded, with- produced and delivered, and the payment of thpfoiie^bevde* thetolTbto$> manded, within six calendar mouths from thedate thereof tifew be returned to the said receiver general, collector of the {mftotw# telfc&Mf/of the treasurer the excise, or clerk of the cheque, shall FetHmfuchrbtfLtoiAe of the navyr treasurer of the navy at the pay office of the navy, who dull and ^he^o- cau^c bs or duplicate thereof, so delivered^) fodvfof-uey to be paid ficer or seaman, if the same shall be returned, toibe tflimerifr* to the seaman, ately cancelled; and from and after the return and Cancelling or his execu- of such bill9 or of the duplicate thereof, Cuch partofthci wages

(ha}h bfeunfMdi*

tors. Sec.

if the duplicate be not paid when tender'd, the cause of refusal or delay, and the time when tendered, to be indorsed thereon,

or pay for which such bill was so made out, ately paid to such inferior officer or seaman, or his.executors os administrators, or to the respective attorney or &ttcmifS: of such officer or framan, his executors or administratar?, demanding the same, and duly authorized as i9 herein after ^weded* wish* but any fee, regard, or deduction, whatsoever.;: u i

XV. Provided always, and it is hereby further ena&edby the authority aforesaid, That if any such receiver genera}, coHt&of of the customs, collector of the excise, or clerk of the*: heqae$ to whom the duplicate of any of the bills hereinbefore directed to be made out, shall be tendered for payment by the wife, fa* ther, or mother, of any such officer or seaman, shall not then have in his hands publick money sufficient taanswer the fame, and shall refuse or delay the immediate payroeqt thereof, such receiver general, collector of the customs, collator of thecx* eife, or clerk of the cheque, shall immediately, indorse oa^the back of the said duplicate, the day of its being (b tendered!© him, and the cause of his refusal or delay to pay ths femci'and and a future shall appoint thereon for the payment of such bill, fr>mejlltnre mwtVbcap. day, ^hhin the space of two months at the fart heft fromtheday pointed, of its having been first tendered to hUn, as aforesaid which d plicate, with the indorsement thereon, shall immediately be do-If payment iivered back to the person presenting the same: and if,: upon has been un- complaint to be made to the respective of appointed ?ayed n^-by his Majesty, his heirs, or successors, to manage the find fe-^9veral duties of the land tax, customs, or excise, or to the of of the navy if the person complained of be axlesfcof the cheque, it shall appear that such receiver general, coHedtor of the customs, collector of the excise, or clerk of the cheque^ hath unnecessarily and wilfully refuted or delayed the payment or any fee, on of such bill; or that such receiver general, collector of the ettf-accQunt, of, toms, collector of the excise, of clerk of the cheque* or an?; ^y^»hatbperson employed by*or; undcf fcqy of them, hath

I?5$L1 Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 10. 217

directiyvecmved oftflfcenany fee, reward, gratuity, distounf, tit dedaflaan-whatsoever, on account of the payment of the said bill j ie shall and may be lawfhl to and for any three or more of theoffenderto the find of toconviA and fine any such offender un-

forfeit 50l.

der their respective directkftr, in any sum not, exceeding fifty pounds, according to the nature and degree of the offence; which convMtion shall be made by such respective of, anff such fine shall be levied and recovered, in such and the fame-manner, to all intents and purposes, as any conviction m*y-be made* and any penalty may be levied or recovered, for any offence against any law by which any custom or excise is imposed-or hud; and the said fine, when recovered, shall be to mfid to the informer or informers against such offender or of- mer.

XVI. Provided always, That this act, or any thing herein wages of ap-eontained, shall not extend to or be construed to invalidate or prentice to be make void any indenture or indentures, whereby any matter is P*jj to hi* or shall be> ratified to have or receive the wages, pay, or other m*"er» allowances of money, earned by his apprentice, but such wages, pay, or other allowances, shall be paid by the treasurer of the navy for the time being, or by his direction, according to such indenture or indentures, as has been usual in such cases; unless unlessbebe a-such apprentke shall be above the age of eighteen years at the h* the age time when such indenture or indentures were made and execu- ^e'n tainted, or unlcOs such apprentice shall have been hired and rated denture* were as a femnt to any commission or warrant officer belonging to executed;, or any, of the ships or vessels of his Majesty, his heirs, or succes- J?« rated* Son, such apprenticeship not bang then known to such officer; in which case, the wages or pay of such servant shall be due and to whom such. payable to such commission or warrant officer, according to the apprentice-usual practice of the navy, until such officer shall be informed <b'P W3S un-of such apprenticeship: and in either of the cases herein before knovrn* mentioned, the mailer of such apprentice shall not be intitled to receive any wages, pay, or allowances, by virtue of any such indenture) any thing herein contained, or any law, Statute, or u&ge, to ike contrary thereof, in any wise notwithstanding.

XVII. And whereas it is of great importance to the carrying on of the paymenti in the manner herein before directed, that all the captains ancommanders of the shipt and vessels of his Majesty] his hefas itlr futtejfbrs, flotsld regularly transmit to the of the navy, by the first fdfe opportunity, dll such complete pay booh,

axdalifuxb Hjls and tickets, to be so made out as and

okfe regularly transmit to the of of the once in every

twantenths from the time any such flaps or vessels flail have been essttrtd into sea pay, muster books for every such flip or vessel, according tt the method now prescribed and required, or which shall

anytime hereafter be prescribed and required, by the lord high admiral Great Britain, or by the commissioners for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first day of Capt?'?*,-Navember, every captain and cotnmander of every ship or vef- |"{V

jy

out }

and also once in a months the ship's mofter book, properLv sign'd, See,

and in default, &c.

ti9 Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. t

navy board fel of his Majesty, hit hew* or succeslbi*, shall anddo*fr*IIl pay books, and to tjme^ regularly and 'chriy fend or jrtnfiwit Ip. the aem*

to be made*missioners of the nwy, at their board, by the fir# fafooflpartu-mty, all and every sech complete pay books, and ah and every such lift or Mgs ticket or tickets^ to beta made odft asafeeesaid* and also (haM and do regularly and duly fend andtnta&nit, once in every two months, to the coramrftonens of the nary, at thdr boaad, one complete tralfter book for fetch ftiip or vessel, signed by hfanfclf and the proper officers, not only forth* find two months, but for the whole tunewhich such Aip or vpffid shall have been in commission, or firefcn the tunc to which such ship or vessel was lift paid: and an case*fuuh captainor commander shall be guilty of any failure or negtedt in any pact hereof, the said of of the navy are hereby. oritSUy diret&ed and required not to great to any such captain or commander the general certificate, to intnte4mfi to his wages or pay for such ship or rest), unlcrfs thereto repaired by particular order from the lord high admiral of Great Britain^ or from the commissioners for execrating the ofice of load high mfaml of Great Britain, or any three or more of such comnadBoncry in cases of moeflky, and on its being made appear to thesr finis-faction, that the directions hereon before given in this behalf have been -complied -with a* far as the nature of the fervaoe would admit, and that the said cxmnrplete pay hooks, lifts, tickets and muster books, had been oduatty sent to the said commissioners of the navy, as often as any proper and safe opportunitaesafr fered: and in case such captain or commander shall not foffi-ciently exculpate -himself from such negfeft or failure, in the manner hereby prescribed, before the lord high admiral of Great Britain, or the couMhissioners for execoting the office of lord high admiral of Great Brittain, or any three or more of such of, within twelve calendar months after the arrival of such captain or oaenmander in Great Britain; then their wages to such captain or commander shall lofeand forfeit M the wages the chest at due to j, js fefvioe or* board such ship or vessel, which

are hereby direrfted to be paid and applied so and far the use of the chest at Chatham; and such captain or commander, being tried for and convicted of such offence by a court-martial, shall be liable to such farther confute or punhhmeat, not eaofcending to loss of life or limb, as such oourt-^naatial shall adjudge.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

(except in cases of ne-ceflity, to be made appear to the lords of the ad mi-rally)

to forfeit all

Chatham,

and to fuflfer moreover, as a court martial shall adjudge.

The tickets.

pay lifts, and That all and every fiMfa*ioket and tickets, certificate and certi-bilfs, deemed 'ftcates, pay lift and pay lifts, bill and bills, herein before directed to be made out and paid asafofesaid, shall be deemed and taken as good and fafficient vouchers for the treasurer, of the navy, for To much money as (hah have been fb dive&ed wo be paid upon all or any faoh tickets, certificates, pay lifts, or bills respectively, and as shall have been paid by him thereon, and frail be allowed asfoch it^passing his accounts-.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

Se^ickeu*That Y> after the (hid first day of Jtt&yc#ber+ any captain or

pom*

sufficient vouchers to the treasurer of the navy for money paid thereon.

1748.] Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 10. 219

*0KtaMtfd4r of any of the'ships or vessels of his Majesty, his otherwise than heirs or fodcessors, shall make out, or caafe to be made out, theaadirea*» and risted, anyticket or tickets for wages or pay to any inferior officer Or fcaman, tinder any pretence whatsoever, other than and except in the manner, and under the regulations, herein before diwfted concerning the same, every such captain or eom-onndeffo offending shall, for every such offence, lose and for- to forfeit for ftSt thefutn'bf fifty pounds of lawful money of Great Britain; each offence, one Moiety whereof (hah be forfeited and paid to the person who^to shall inform or foe for the same, and the other moiety shall be to the inform, paid and applied to and for the use of the chest at; er, and the

Wftkh forfeiture shall be foed for and recovered in any of his other to the MajdftVV courts of record at Westminster, by action of debt, Chat* bill, plaint or information, in which no essoin, protection, privilege; Wage* Of law, or more than One imparlance, shall be allowed; 'and the court shall award such costs to the parties as Audi be just: and in all cases where judgement or femenee shall TIie court> be given against any such offender, the court where such judge- where judgement Or 'fentettce shall be given shall, with-all convenient speed, meat shall he certify the: (feme*0 thelora high admiral of Great, or to $7*31. a c»r* the commissioners for executing the office of ford high admiral to theadmi- of Great Britain \ and as a further punifiunent, such offender ralty j

shall, upon such certificate, lese and forfeit all the wages or pay due to him for his service in such ship or vessel; which wages and of er pay The lord high admiral, or commnfioners for executing the fender there-frffice of lord high admiral of Great, or any three or J?Pon fe for-

therecf such of, shall direct and order to be paidto the* and applied to and for the use of the chest at Chatham. chest at

XX. 'Provided always, That no captain or commander of Chatham, any ship or vessel shall be liable to any penalty, upon account of Captain not. any dffence which shall be committed against this a(51 before the on this act^ffrft day of June, one thousand seven hundred and fifty nine, before 1 June unless, before the time of his committing such offence, he shall i7j9, unlefche have received the abstract of the provisions and regulations of Prev"<ouf-thfe aft, herein after directed to be delivered to the captain or commander of every ship or vessel of his Majesty, his heirs and ^f.ra successors.

XXI. And, for establishing a proper method for making and attesting letters of attorney; be it further enacted by the autho- Method to be rity aforesaid, That from and after the said first day of Nevem- observed in for, one thousand seven hundred and fifty right, no letter of at_ ma*2I"'^ tofney made by any inferior officer or (earnan in the service of*<£ his Majesty, his heirs or successors, or by the executors or ad- ney. miriistrators of any such officer or Teaman, in order to impower

or in title any person or persons to receive any wages, psy or allowances of money of any kind, doe or to grow due for such service, shall be good andvaiid, or sufficient for that purpose, tmlefe'such letter of such'attomey shall be made and dedared to be revocable by the express words thereof; and unless such letter of attorney, if made by any such officer or Teaman then in 'the fervioe of his Majesty, his heirs or focceflbn, shall be signed

220 Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. CKrfcU [1758.

before and attested by the captain of commander; attdOde otfeter of the signing officers of the ship to which suchiftferior officer or feamaii (h&f belong, or by the cterk of the Cheque at same of the dock yards; and unless such letter of attorney, if olade by any such officer or seaman who shall have been dischrfged from the service of his Majesty, his heirs or successors, fhtlfbfcsign-cd before and attested by the mayor or chief nraghlfate Of the town or place where such officer or seaman shall then tefide; or if made by the executors or administrators of any foeh officer or seaman, unless such letter of attorney shall be signtd before c. and attested by the mmifter and churchwardens, or, In that part of Great Britain called Scotland, by the minister and two elders of the parish where such executors or administrators shall respectively reflde.

Letters of at-

XXII. And be it further enacted and declared by the autho-torney other- rity aforesaid, That all letters of attorney, other than such as wife made and shall be made and attested in manner aforesaid, and all bargains, sales, bills of sale, contracts, agreements and assign-andafl bar- ments> whatsoever, of, for, or concerning any wages, pay or al-gains, &c. lowances of money of any kind, due or to grow due to any such concerning inferior officer or seaman in the service of his Majesty, his heirs wages, made or faccessors, for such service made or entered into from and af-17^8, deda'r- tcr the first 4ay of November, shall be and are hereby deed nulls dared to be void and of no effect, to all intents and purposes whatsoever; any law, Statute, custom, or usage, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding: and the treasurer of due tobepaid navy for t*ie time being is hereby authorized, directed, and the seaman required, to pay, or cause to be paid, to every such inferior offi-himself, ep- cer or seaman as shall appear in person at the pay table, or, in pearing at the Lis absence, to his lawful attorney impowered by him in the tolawful ^an^er herein before directed, or to the executors or admmi-attomey, Set. strators of such officer or seaman, or to their respective attorney or atromies, duly authorized in such manner as is herein before directed, the respective wages, pay, or allowances of money of any kind due, to him or them, without regard to any such letter of attorney, bargain, sale, bill of sale, contract, agreement, or assignment, whatsoever, made or to be made of, for, or concerning any such wages, pay or allowances of money of any kind.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Fee? of court That from and after the said first day of November, no ecclesiaffor probate of tical court, or any person or persons whatsoever, under any prewills, viz.

is. for goods under ao 1.

tence, shall take or receive any more than the fam of one shilling for the seal, parchment, writing, and suing forth of the'probate of any will, or any letters of administration, granted to the widow or children, father or mother, brother or After, of any inferior officer, seaman, or marine whatsoever, dying in the pay of his Majesty's navy, and for the pains, trouble, and expence, attending the suing forth of such probate, or letters of administration, unless the goods and chattels of such officer, seaman, pr tpanne, do amount to the valoe of twenty pppqds* nof mqre

than

i75*M!j c. 10; 221

than the Ampf two shillings, unless the goods and chattels of is. under such^fiice^famgo, or marine, do amount to the value of forty 4°l-pounds; saocmore than the sum of three shillings, unless the 3S. under 60l. goods and chattels of such officer, seaman, or marine, do a-mouneto the value of sixty pounds: and in all cases where it shall be necessary (to issue commissions, to swear the widows or chiU dren, father or mother, brother or lifter, being executors or administratorti of such inferior officers, seamen, or marines, no ecclesiastical court, nor any person or persons whatsoever, under any pretence, shall take or receive more than the sum of one^J^ shilling for the seal, parchment, writing, and suing forth of any ISf un^. t such commission, and for the pains, trouble, and expence, attending the same, unless the goods and chattels of such officer, seaman, or marine, do amount tb the value of twenty pounds; nor more than the sum of two shillings, unless the goods and is. under +oI. chattels of such officer, seaman, or marine, do amount to the valise of forty pounds; nor more than the sum of three shillings, 3S. under tol. unless the goods and chattels of such officer, seaman, or marine* do amount to the value of sixty pounds: and if any officer or officers, or any other person or persons, shall presume to take any, more than the said sums of one shillina;, two shillings, or three shillings, respectively, for the seal, parchment, writing, and suing forth of the probate of any such will, or any such lenders of administration, and for the pains, trouble, and expence attending the lame; or for the seal, parchment, writ- No greater ing* and filing forth of any such commission as aforesaid, and fees to be for the pains, trouble, and expence, attending the fatpe;, the takewnintterj person or persons so offending shall forfeit to the party aggrieved the sum of fifty pounds; to be recovered, with full cqfts of suit, J

by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his < ,

Majesty*a courts of record at Westminster, or elsewhere.

XXIV. And whereas divers wicked practices have been carried r

by perfaaating and falsely assuming the names and characters of officers^ and others, intitled, or supposed to be entitled, to

wages, payether allowances of money, or prize money, for serving

on board of Jhtps cr vessels of the royal navy, and by forging and counterfeiting letters of attorney, bills, tickets, alignments, hfl wills, and other authorities and powers, from such officers and seamen, and by falsely taking out probate of wills, and letters of administration, to such officers and seamen; be it therefore enacted by the authority Penalty of p* r-aforesaid, That from and after the said first day of November, an

whoseever. willingly and knowingly (hah personate, or falsely affisme the/name or character of, or procure any of her to per- to lonate, or falsely toaffumc the name or character of, any officer, due to him, seaman, or other person, in tit led, or supposed to be intitled, to assy wages, pay, or other allowances of money, or prize money, for service done on board of any foip or vessel of his Majesty, hia heirs^or successors; or the executor or adrainiftrafar, vrite, or refetion, or creditor, of any, such officer or seaman, or Other for, rci^rmn, person^ in order to receive any wages, pay, or othe$ aHpwanCfy or creditor, ' ofmqoey, oc prize money, due, oi? supposed to be dye or payable, a; / for

222 Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. so.

[175S.

for or on account of the services of any fitch offiber feamau,

or other person as aforesaid, or shall forge or counterfeit* at letmtofu- procure to be forged or counterfeited, any letter of-attorney, tomey, ticket*, bill, ticket, certificate, assignraent, last will, or any ocher power certificate*, or or authority whatsoever, in order to receive any farh wages, wiUtj pay, or other allowances of money, or prize money, due, or

supposed to be due, to any such officer or feamae, or other person as aforesaid; or shall willingiy and knowingly take a faHe or of making oath, or procure any other person to take a fklfe oath, to obtain the a false °ath to probate of any will or wills, or to obtain letters of admuustration, of »ny waifi*" orc^Br to receive the payment of any wages, pay, or other al-ord<r to re- lowances of money, or prme money, due, or that were fopposed ceive the wa- to be due, to any such officer, fcaman, or other person, as afore-ge«, &c. of f^d, who has really served, or was fopposed to have served, on such person, b^d Of afly ship or vessel of -his Majesty, his heirs, or successors;

every such person so offending, being lawfully convicted of any i* death.'such offence or offences, shall be deemed guilty of felony, and shall suffer death as a felon, without benefit of dergy. w., nXXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforelat'd, book* are P*That from and after the said first day of November, when and dosed, tickets, so often as any of the pay books of the ships or vessels of hie upon appUca- Majesty, his heirs, or successors, shall be dosed, such seamen as " t* _ shall not then receive, or have received, the wages, pay, or other the navy office, allowances of money, due to them, shall, upon application made for fitch men by them to the commissionert of the navy, at their board, have a* have not of, receive tickets made out to them to the value of the said been paid, wages, pay, or other allowances, due to them respectively; and which are to the said of are hereby directed and required to make course once a out the said tickets accordingly, and to cause the same to be month. dated, numbered, registered and paid in course, once a month.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, British gover- That the governors, ministers, and coniuls, appointed, or that confuul w* appointed, by his Majesty, his heirs, or successors, its

merchants, in foreign parts, and redding the re, or where none such ate resident, foreign part*, any two or more British merchants then and there redding,re? J'v'c, e shall, from and after the said first day of, be, and are

men and bov* l*cr*by authorized, directed, and required, to fend and provide of the navy/ for all seafaring men and boys, subjects of Great Britain, than wreck'd, cap- shall by shipwreck, capture, or other unavoidable accident, be '"r'd.or dit- driven or cast away to, or that shall bedischarged as unservicea-

uufemceable, ^om any ,'e*P* OT vflel« of the royal navy, at fitch^foreign parts or places, where such governors, ministers, consids,

' and sublist or merchants refute} and the said governors, ministers, canfuls, them at 66. and merchants, are hereby required to provide for and fobfifft per diem. Rich seafaring men and boys, at or after the rate of fix peace f h <ac*1> an^to WHs of their several disbursementi upon

disbursement* such occasions, together with proper vouchers for the same, to with the'{he tommissionere of the navy, at their board, who are hereby vouchers, to directed and required to cause immediate paymentto be made of be font to the such bills and disbursements, after due examination of thefeid - vouchers; and the said governors, miniftmy eensids, -and

mer-

r75&.] Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. ia wj

merchants, shall put or fend the fold men or boys on board* the The men to

first fttp belonging to Ms Majesty, Ms hairs, or foceessors, thatbe ^thor^e

(hull arrive at the parts or places where theyrefide* or any other Kings*

parts or places, 'being near or wkbm a convenient distance for ship,

that purpose; or in case no ship of war shall be then in fetch

parts or places t>r within a convenient distance, they shall fend or merchant

such men or boys on board such merchant ships or vessels as are ^»P^iv^u>

brand for any port of Or eat Britain, and are in want of men to orca 1 n*

make up their complement; but if neither case happens within

a convenient time, then they shall provide and order a passage

homeward for such men and boys in the first merchant ship or

vessel bound for Great Britain: and every matter or person having

charge of a merchant ship or veffrf, that mall arrive in fetch foreign Maker of such

parts, and be homeward bound from thence to any port in

Britain, shall be, and is hereby required to take on board fetch^hoys

and fc many of such seafaring men or beys« the said gover- board j

nors, ministers, consute, or merchants shall direct, not exceeding

four for each one hundred tons of which his ship coctfifts.

XXVII. And, for an encouragement for fitch masters of fitch ships or vessels to take fitch seamen or boys aboard, emdbring them to Great Britain; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every such matter or person having charge of a ship or vessel, andtoheah who shall produce.a certificate under the hands of the said Jjjem fer*atl governors, ministers, consuls, or merchants, or any of them, suchasibiUbe certifying the number and names of the men or boys taken on above hiscom-board by their directioa, and the time of taking them on board, plement* up-and shall make an affidavit at his return, felting forth the timea^erdfioSe3S during which he fubttfted such men or boys, and that he did anj inajcing a not, during that time, want of his own complement of men, or' properafikU-how many he did want of such complement, and for what time, viu shall receive, and the of of the navy, art their board, are hereby required to cause to be paid to such matter, or other person as. aforesaid, six pence per dim for the passage and provisions of each man and boy, from the day of their embarkation homewards to the day of their arrival in Great Britain, or being rat into some ship ot vessel of his Majesty, his heirs, or succes-kxts; six pence per famuiAy being deduced far such time, and for so many persons, as such matter, or other person as aforesaid, wanted of the complement of his ship or vessel, during the voyage.

XXVIII. Ands to prevent for the future, as far as may be, any unjust or fraudulent arrests upon foamen actually belonging to any of tho ships of his Majesty, his heirs, or futteffbrs; be it also enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the feud first day of

November, no person whatsoever, who shall lift and enter himself

to serve as a seaman on board any of the ships or vessels of his token out of Majesty, his heirs, or successors* shall be liable to be taken out the service, of the service of his Majesty, his heirs, or successors, by any ^xcePr for. process or execution whatsoever, either in Great Britain, Ireland, mTaer, 1 ora or any other part of his Majesty's dominions, other than for real debt of (bcra ciiminal matter; unlcfe such process or execution be for a the value of i real, ob

Oath to be made of the debt before a judge.

and marked on the back of the process.

Seaman to be otherwise dif-chareed without fee.

and recover colb.

Plaintiff may file a common appearance.

and proceed to judgment and outlawry; and have execution thereupon.

Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. e.to.

[1758.

real debt, or other just cause of action, and unltfr before sher

taking out of such process or exeenting, wot being for* criminal t matter, theplaintiff or plain tiffs therein, or same other pstfeiror persons on hit or their behalf, shall make affidavit before-one or more judge or judges of the court of record, or othereaart, out of which such process or execution shall issue, or before same person authorized to take affidavit* in such courts, that to his or their knowledge the sum justly due and owing to the plaintiff or plaintiffs, from the defendant or defendant* in the adbon or cause of action on which such process shall issue, or the debtor damage and cost for which such execution shall be iffixd out, amouata to the value of twenty pounds at the least; a memaraadum of which oath shall be marked on the back of such process or writ, for which memorandum or oath no fee shall be taken; and if. any person be nevertheless arrested, contrary to the intent of this act, it shall and may be lawful for one or more judge or judges of such court, upon complaint made thereof by- the party -himself, or by anyone of his superior officers, toexamine into the same, by the oath of the parties, or otherwise, and, by warrant under his or their hands and seals, to discharge such teamen so arrested contrary to the intent-of this act, without paying any-fee or fees, upon due proof made before him or them, that such-seamen so arrested were actually belonging to one of the ships or vessels of his Majesty, his heirs, or fuccenors, and areftad contrary to the intent of this act, and also to award to the party so complaining such costs as such judge or judges shall thmkreasonable; for the recovery whereof, he shall have the like remedy that the person who takes out the said execution might have had for his costs, or the plaintiff in the said action might have had for the recovery of his costs, in case judgment haa bean given for him with costs against the defendant in the hid adkm.

XXLX. Ami, to tht end that botteftcreditors, who aim only at the recovery ef their just debts due to them suchfeanOnas

belonging to same of the ships or vessels of his his Mr*, or

successors, may not be hindered from suing for the same, but om the contrary, may be ajfifted and forwarded ht tbdr Outs; that, -

shad of proceeding by an or rest, which may hurt thefrrvue, and occafeon a great expence and delay to they may be

enabled to proceed in a more spetdy and easy method', best further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for any plaintiff or plaintiffs, upon notice first given in writing of the cause of action to such seaman or seamen belonging to the royal navy, or left at his or their last place of resideace before his or their entering into the service of his Majesty, hk.heirs, or successors, to file a common appearance in any action to be brought for or upon account of any debt whatsoever, so as to intitle such plaintiff or plaintiffs to proceedtherein to judgment and outlawry, and to have an execution thereupon, other than against the body or bodies of him or them so actually belonging to any ship-or vessel of his Majesty, his heirs, or fucodfors, aa

afore-

1^75*.] Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 10.

abroMdr t % na^r' or any thing haem, or any former law of An % ho'oantmy aoaeithstanding.

- XlBfi. jM, tofrrbtnt extortion by per fins employed in the ntsiv-

inf effiamm % vages, xndether mmm \ be it timber enacted by the nmthxtorp aforesaid, That no per Son or perfems whatsoever

whw shall be employed in the-receiving of any wages, pay, °trbethai>

pifeodbotiey, or any -other monies, due, or becoming due, for^} toebe

or atpon* account of the service of any officer, seaman, or other deduced for

psrfcft, in the royal navy, shall be intitled ro take or retain more receiving and

tbu* ponce in the pound for or upon account of receiving Pay, n£

tfcttuef, and for paying the same to the person or persons by

dxmbtoratory shall be employed, or according to the direc- ney;

tien and appointment of such person or persons, and for all his

and their tronWeand attendance in relation thereto: and if any linder penalty

person or perfbas foctnployed shall, direcfly or indirectly, de-of 50l.

mand, take, or retain, or cause or procure, or knowingly and

wittfogiy permk or foffer, to be demanded, taken or retained,

any allowance* gratuity, reward, or valuable consideration,

exceeding in thowhole the sum of six pence in the pound, for the

monies so received as aforesaid, every such person shall, for every such offence, forfeit the sum of fifty pounds, to be recovered,

with full cofUoffuit, to any person or persons who wiH sue for the same in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster,

by adHanof debt, bill, plaint, or information, in which noessoin,

prutediuo, privilege, wager of law, or more than one imparlance

IbaH be allowed: and if any such offender shall be a clerk, offi-

cer, forfcnwim in any office belonging or relating to the navy, and af the of-

hcfhaW, upopconviction, over and above the said penalty of fifty lo^ny office*

pounds, to be recovered as aforesaid, forfeit and lose his place, and in the navy,

be for e»sr thereafter incapable of holding any place of profit to lose his place

in any such office.

XXXK'And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any clerk;, officer, or servant, in any office belonging or'r JJJ" refettog to the navy, shall, directly or indirectly, demand, take, vanrs belong* or retain, or cause or procure, or knowingly and wiJHngly permit ingtoany of- r suffer, to be demanded, taken, or retained, any fee, gratuity, the navy

compensation, Or valuable consideration (not being authorizedbc

so to do by this act) of or from any person or persons whatsoever, act a lows, for or under pretence of the doing or performing any matter or thing hereby dirededor authorized to be done or performed, or which shall be in execution hereof, every such clerk, officer, or forvant, shall be fabjtd to the same forfeitures, coffs, and incapa- f, bie^she cities,s is herein before mentioned with respect to the taking or N more than six pence in the pound for the receiving of foamens wages.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesatd, pjrt of the fe That from and after the said first day of November, (o much of verai aft* of9an*act made in the rfmth and tenth year of the reign of King be to Wil. 3. IV&iatH the Third, intituled An'efTfrr the better preventing the irnbezxhment of his Afajs/ty't/loM of war, Qnd preventing cheat^ frauds and abides, iti paying fiamens ivagth as relates to (he tak-Vol. XXII. ing

ti& Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 10* pi

ing np more than the fgm of one shilling for suing fqstfc any.letters of administration to the wife or children of any (ietonaa dying in the Pf»y of his Majesty's navy, unless the goadttttd chattels of such teaman do amount to the sum of twenty podtyogt:

4 Annas.

1 Geq. i.

and also so much of an act made in the fourth year of the reigti of Queen Anne, intituled An act for the encouragement and tncndfe ofseamen, and for the better and speedier manning of her Majestyi fleet, as relates to the payment of the wages due to seamen turned over from one ship to another: and so much of an act tpade in the first year of the reign of his present (intituled, Anafti

for granting an aid to his Majesty of five hundred thousand pound*, towards discharging wages due to seamen; and fir the confia/et, regular, and pun ft ml payment of feamcns wages fir the future s and far appropriating the supplies granted in this present session of parliament; and for disposing of the surplus of the money granted fir half pay fir the year one thousand seven hundred and twenty fiven)t as contains any provisions relative to his Majesty's royal navy, or the cam* missioners thereof, or to the captains, commanders* fcartlcn, or other persons serving the rein, or to the payment of wages due for such service: and also an act made in the firA yeir of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An aftfir enitkraging seamen to enter into his Majesty's service; shall be and are hereby repeaTed.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority afotefaki. That the lord high admiral of Great Britain, or tfcecam«iffin-ers for executing tlx office of lord high admiral of OrtaaBikaut, shall direct an abstract of the prcrvikona and: regulations beoein contained, for the benefit of seamen belonging to the fl\tps. and vessels of his Majesty, his heirs, and succeslhrs, together with and copies de- the articles of war, to be printed; and that ^competent number livered to all of the copies thereof be delivered to the captain or commander of every such ship or vessel; and such captain orcomraandccy as soon as the ship or vessel by him commanded shall bepunkiro sea pay, shall cause one of the said printed abstracts, to^Ms^ with the articles of war, to be hung up and affixed to th^ioft publick place of such ship or vessel, and shall cause thefami to be constantly kept up and renewed, so that they may be at all times accessible to the inferior officers and seamen on board of

and to be read ^'P 0T ve^» and eve|7 such captain or commander flnll to the ship's cause such abstra<$t to be audibly and distinctly read over onpe in company, af- every, month, in the presence of the officers and seamen of such ter the articles, ffiip or vessel, immediately after the articles of war are read; and once a month; the reaijing both Gf the articles of war, and of this, abftcad^ and batted daysw^en read* att^cd by the captain orcomman-

to be made at der* andtthe usual signing officers, of such ship or vessel, at thefpot the Coot of the of the muster books for Such ship or vessel, before they are trans-muster books, mitted to the of of the navy: and the said commis-Commissioners lioners are hereby charged and directed ftridUy to inquire whether of the navy the directions hereby given for hanging up and affixing the said whether these a^rac^ and articles of war, and for the reacting, of the same, as directions arc aforesaid, have been duly observed by the captain or commander Complied with; of

t Geo. «repealed.

An abstract of this act, together with the articles of war, to be printedj

captains.

One to be kept conit ant ly hung in the most publick place of the lhip5

r7^8.} Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. 6. to; ±ZJ

ofc'fych Alp or vessel, and not to grant to such captain brcoift-ruandar his general certificate, until they are fully satisfied thereof; tQ ^he end and intent that every Teaman employed A to the end that tj^i royal' navy of Great Britain may, at one and the Tame tithe, seamen may hear apu know the forfeitures and punishments he is liable both know to for any pegledl or disobedience, and likewise the encourage- th^r duty, rpents and benefits to which he is inti tied by a due and faithful ^his and performance of his duty; and that, upon suffering any oppref- how to seek non or injury in such service, he may be the better enabled to redress for inlay his complaint before the lord high admiral of Great Britain* juries, or the coovnissioners for executing the office of lord high admired of Great Britain, who are hereby respectively charged and directed, upon any such complaint being laid, strictly to enquire into the cnrcumstances of the same, and to grant immediate redress therein, if such complaint shall be justly founded; and to take special and constant care that this act, and all the provl-fions and regulations therein, be fully complied wit!), and punctually carried into execution.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Porm^That the abstract herein before directed, shall be in the following ahftraA words j that is to say, '

AbfiraS of an aS of parliament made in the thirty first year of the reign of King George the Second, intituled An act for the encouragement of seamen employed in the*royal navy; and for establishing a regular method fop the punctual, frequent, and certain payment of their wages; and for enabling them more easily and readily to remit the same for the support of their wives and families; and for preventing frauds and abuses attending such payments.

I. T^VERY volunteer entering his n3tne With a commrfliorf He officer, appointed for entering volunteers on board any ship in the royal navy, shall receive a certificate thereof gratisi and be intitled to wages from the date of such certificate, including the day of the date thereof, in case he appears on board within fourteen days, if the place where he enters is not abovd one hundred miles from the ship; within twenty days, iPabove une hundred miles; or within thirty days, if above two hundred miles; and (half be allowed the usual conduct money, and also two monthi wages advance, at the first fitting out of the ship; and before the (nip proceeds to sea.

II. Every supernumerary man serving ten days in any ship,

shall be borne for and intitled to his wages upon the books of such ship, and to all other benefits, as if he was part of the complement of such ship; but men lent from one ship into another, shall continue to be borheffoi* and intitled to their wages upon books of the ship from which they were lent, until they shall te regularly discharged from thence, and in no other.

Q^a III. Every

s

Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 10.

III. Every inferior officer or seaman, who shall be turned over from one ship to another (in case the ship into which he is turned over, is then or shall come into a port of Great Britain where there* is a commissioner of the navy) shall be paid, by proper pay lifts, all the wages due to him in thcship from which hd was so turned over, before the ship into which he shall be turned over proceeds to sea, unless it shall be otherwise directed by special order from the admiralty, in cases of the greatest txU gency only; and if the ship, in pursuance of such order, proceeds to sea before such payment can possibly be made, the wages shall be paid as soon as such ship shall come again into any port of Great Britain where there is a commissioner of the navy,

IV. Every officer or fcaman who shall be turned over from one ship to another, shall not serve or be rated in a worfc qua- lity, or lower degree, than he served in or was rated for in the former ship; and shall have an advance of two months wages before the ship into which he is turned over proceeds to sea, ih case he shall not have received such advance before.

V. Such sums of money shall in the first place be appropriated* and shall, from time to.time, be issued and applied out of the supplies granted, or to be granted, for any naval services, as shall be sufficient for the regular payment of all tickets made out pursuant to the act, and for the regular discharge of all wages due, or to grow due, in manner following; that is to say. As Often as any ship which shall have been in lea pay twelvemonths. Or more, shall be or arrive in any port of Great Britain> or on the coast thereof, the captain or commander shall im mediately cause five complete pay books to be made out, for all the time such ship shall have been in pay, except the last six months; and shall forthwith transmit, by the first safe opportunity, such books, together with three alphabets, and a flop book, to the of of the navy, at their board: and &s soon as such ship shall be or arrive in any port of Great Britain where there is a commissioner of the navy, the said of of the navy shall solicit the necessary sums of money, and shall cause immediate payment to be made of the wages due, deducing the advance money, and all defalcations > leaving always six months wages unpaid, and no more: and all the wages due upon any ship shall be paid as soon as may be, or within two months at farthest, after the arrival of such ship in port to be laid up.

VI. The month shall consist of twenty eight days.

f- VII. Upon application to the of of the navy, at their board, by an inferior officer or seaman who shall jhen be in the service, and was absent at the payment of the ship to which he did belong, or from the captain or commander of any ship in which such officer or seaman shall then serve, in case (uth ship shall be in any port of Great Britain where there is acommifliotner of the navy, the of of the na vy, at their board, shall immediately fend the pay books, or pay lifts made out from them, to such commissioner, who shall forthwith cause the wflgcs to be paid to such officer or sea man.

229

I75&.] Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 10.

VIII. The captain 6r commander, shall make out a ticket upon the death of every inferior officer and seaman, and shall transmit the same, by the first safe opportunity, to the of of the navy, at their board, who are to assign the same for payment within one month after the receipt thereof; and the same shall be delivered, and payment thereon made, without fee or reward, to the executors or administrators of such officer or seaman, or to the attorney of such executors or administrators.

IX. The captain or commander, shall make out a ticket for every inferior officer or seaman who shall be discharged as un-serviceable, pursuant to thediredtions of the act, and shall fend (iich ticket, by the first safe opportunity, to the of of the navy, 1 at their board. The captain or commander, shall not deliver such ticket to such officer or seaman, but shall give him a certificate of such discharge, containing an exadfc copy of the ticket, ind a description of his person. The feid of of the navy shall immediately cause the day when such ticket was received to be indorsed thereon, and shall assign the same for payment within one month at farthest from the day of making such indorsement. And if any such officer or seaman shall present such certificate at the navy office, the said of of the navy are forthwith to examine such certificate, and the person presenting the same; and being satisfied that the certificate was made out for such person, and that he is rendered unserviceable, they shall testify the same on such certificate. The laid ticket being so assigned, shall be immediately delivered, and payment made at the pay office of the navy, to such officer or seaman, without fee or reward, and to no other person whatsoever. If the ticket shall not have been transmitted to, and received by, the of of the navy, the money appearing to be due by the copy of the ticket in the certificate, shall be paid in like manner as if the ticket had been received. Such officer or seaman being desirous to receive his wages at any port in Great Britain where a commissioner of the navy relides, may produce his certificate to such commissioner of the navy, who, being satisfied that such certificate was made out for such person, and that he is rendered unserviceable, shall sign and transmit the same to the of of the navy, at their board; who, within four days after the receipt of such certificate, are to fend the ticket for such officer or seaman, or if such ticket shall not have been transmitted to and received by them, then the said certificate, containing a copy of the said ticket instead thereof, to the commissioner at such port; who shall cause immediate payment thereon to be made, without fee or reward: and such commissioner shall fend such officer or seaman to the neared hospital, where he is to be received and victualled, from the time of presentin£ such certificate until payment is made. If any such certificate shall be lost or destroyed, or such officer or seaman shall not present the same in person, or the money due on any such ticket shall not be paid before the general payment of the ftijp's company, the ticket shall be cancelled, and the wages be

*3°

Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. to i [1758.

payable 9s if fitch ticket and certificate had not been made out.

X. When any inferior officer or Teaman shall* by order of the captain, or commander, be fct sick a to ore, and be sent into any hospital, or sick quarters, such captaio'ar commander shall make out a sick ticket, for the wages due to such officer or seaman, and transmit the same with such officer or Teaman to the bofjpitalt or sick quarters; and if such officer or seaman shall be regularly discharged from thence as unserviceable, a certificate of his di(-charge, with the sick ticket annexed thereto, shall be delivered to him: and if he shall present the same to a commissioner at any port in Great Britain, such commissioner being satisfied that such officer or seaman is unserviceable, shall signtne fameoathe certificate, and forthwith transtnit such certificate, and sick ticket, to the of of the navy, at their board, who, within four days after the receipt thereof, are required to cause a proper ticket, or pay lift, to be made out for the wages due to such officer or seaman, and to fend such ticket, or pay lift, without delay, to the commissioner at such port, who shall cause immediate payment of the wages, to be made, without fee or reward, to such officer or seaman; who, notwithstanding fiach discharge, shall be maintained in such hospital, or sick quarters, from the tjme he shall present the certificate, and sick ticket, until the payment shall be made.

XI. The payment of tickets, certificates, or pay lifts, shall not be delayed, though the muster or pay books be not regularly sent to and received by the of of the navy; but k any error shall be made in any ticket, certificate, or pay lift, the )o(s shall be made good out of the wages of the captain, or commander, by whom such ticket, certificate, or pay lift* was made out.

XII. As often as any ship which shall not be in a port of Great Britain, or on the coast thereof, shall have twelve months wages due, the captain, or commander, shall cause the names of all the inferior officers and seamen to be called over, and each to answer to his. name, and shall do the same at the end of every six months, when twelve months, or more, wages, shall be due: and if any such officer or seaman shall then declare, or deliver in writing, the name and place of abode of his wife, father, or mother, and desire that the whole or any part of his wages then due, except the wages due for the last six months, Should be paid to such wife, father, or mother, by the receiver general of the land tax for any epunty, riding, or city, or collector of the customs for any port, or collector of the excise for any collection in Great Britain* or the clerk of the cheque at any dock yard; the captain, or commander, is strictly required to cause four lifts to be made out of the persons so desiring to make such remittances, and shall transtnit such lifts, by the first safe opportunity, without delay, to the of of the navy, at their board, who, on receipt thereof, shall immediately make out two bills pursuant to the directions of the a#, for the payment of the wages lo allotted by each person; one

<75$.] Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 10. 231

<Jf whteh bills fti*H befentto the persons respectively specififed iri ftchHfts^ and the dther to such receiver, collector, or clerk of dte cheque ! and if the person to whom any such bill is sent, withinfix months from the date thereof, produce and deliver the same to such receiver, collector, or clerk of the cheque, together #ith a certificate that such person is the wife, father, tit mothefy of such officer or staman respectively, under the bends of the minister and churchwardens, or, in Scotland, of the minister and two elders, of the parish where such person wras married, or resides $ such receiver, collector, or clerk of cheque, upon being satisfied of the truth of such certificate, is immediately, without fee of reward, to pay the sum mentioned in such bill, taking a receipt. Such bill, together with the duplicate thereof, being produced at the navy office, shall be immediately assigned for payment by the commissioners of the navy, and repaid by the treasurer of the navy, to such receiver, coHe&or^or eterk of the cheque, or their order respectively; but if payment of the said bill be not demanded of such receiver, eolte&or, or clerk of the cheque, and the duplicate of the said bill, together with a proper certificate, be not produced and deferred to them respectively, within six months from the date thereof, the bill is to be returned and cancelled, and the sum contained therein is to become payable to such inferior officer or tertian when the ship shall be paid.

XIII. In like manner, when wages shall be paid at the pay office, or at any of the out ports, if any inferior officer or sea-tftan shall be desirous to remit the whole or part of his wages to his wife, children, parents, or any other person, and to have a bill for the same drawn upon any such receiver, collector, or clerk of the cheque, two bills are to be made out, one of which is to be delivered to such officer or seaman, and the other to be sent to such receiver, collector, or clerk of the cheque, who is to pay immediately the sum therein mentioned, without any fee or reward, taking a receipt. Such bill, together with the duplicate thereof, being produced at the navy office, shall be immediately assigned for payment by the of of the navy, and be repaid, by the treasurer of the navy, to such receiver, cellie&or, or clerk of the cheque, or their order respectively: but if payment of the said bill be not demanded of such receiver, collector, or clerk of the cheque, and the duplicate of the said bill shall not be produced and delivered to them respectively within six calendar months from the date thereof, the bill is to be returned and cancelled, and the sum contained therein is to be immediately paid to such officer or seaman, or other person duly authorized to receive the same.

XIV. If any such receiver, collector, or clerk of the cheque,

shall not have in his hands money to answer any bill tendered by such wife, father, or mother, aforesaid, and shall refuse or delay the immediate payment thereof he is immediately to in-dorte on such bill the cause of his refusal or delay, and appoint for payment some day within two months after such tender, and if,

Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. */t&io.

[1758.

upon qompl?int to the oorwniffvwrs ftfpodwc^ UppaJntod to manage ^he)and fax, customs, -or1rcxcise, or totbcjooootmission* ers of the n*vy, ie^>echvc]yv h ihaJL a^art thet any Tueh^ cciver, col led or, or clerk, of cheque vhtUv.uni>ccf&rily and

wilfully retqfed or delayed payment, oftthatibe^ pKsdy ipejrfon employed by or vender him, hath taken any set^c reward, -gratuity, dl (count, or deduction, on account of paymeat«&aay* such bill, such of may fine such offender in any Tom not exceeding fifty pounds. ., o r

XV. The wages, pay, and allowances, earned any indentured apprentice, shall be.paid to his master, as hath) been usual, unless fuel* apprentice was above eighteen years of; age when his indentures were executed* or shall be rated a* Je-vant to any officer to whom such apprenticeship is not known.; in which case, such officer shall be intitled to thepayanjiwagps of such servant, according to the usual practice of thtmavy, until such officer shall be informed of such appiwtkeship.u l G

XVI. Captains or commanders of ships are m traofinitfirom

time to time to the of of the navy, atjtbckr board, complete pay books, lids, and tickets, and also once in every two months complete mufier books, under the penalty of forfeiting all their wages to the chest at Ctothoniy and of being liable to such further punishment as a court-martial shall except in cases of necessity, to be made appear to the Cttisfo&ian of the lord high admiral, or of of the-admiralty.

XVII. The tickets, certificates, pay lifts, and bills, shall be sufficient vouchers to the treasurer of the navy for jhc payments thereon. u -

XVIII. Captains, or commanders, issuing any tickets other than such as are directed by the act, shall be Tubjeft to a penalty of fifty pounds for every ticket, and shall forfeit all thfir wages to the chest at Chatham.

XIX. No captain, or commander, shall be liahleAo any pe-

nalty for any offence against the act before the first of Juke+ one thousand feycyi hundred and fifty nine, unlefe he hath previously received this abfifaeh

XX. No letters of attorney made by inferior officer or lea-men, or their executors or administrators, for receiving wages or allowances of money, shall be valid, unless declared therein

0 be revocable; and unless the same, if made by any such officer of seaman then in the service, be signed before, an?cfattefted by, the commander and one other of thefigaing officers (oi the ship, or by a c; lerk of the cheque: and if made by any such officer or seaman after his discharge from the service, unle&the same be signed before, and attested by, the mayor or chief magistrate of the town or place where such officer or featnan lhadi then rel]de; ror unless the letter of attorney, if made by such executors qr administrators, be signed before, and attested by, flie mimfter ^nd churchwardens, or, in Strtlanh by the minister apd two elders, of the parish where such executors Dradmini-

ftca^ors refidq... ^., u ttrt'ii:

XXI. All

iio^j

1758.] Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. to 233

XXI. All letters of attorney, other than such as are made in madnerafore&id, and all bargains, Tales, bills of sale, con--tra<ftsv' agreements; and arguments, concerning wages or moan*ifersorofficers or Teamen, shall be null and void.

; ^No more than one fluffin'; shall be taken by any ec-dofiaftioai court, or other person, for the probate of any will* ^or Tetters-of adrniniftvation, granted to the widows, children, -fathers, mothers, brothers, or fiiters, of inferior officers, Teamen, or marines, dying in the service, and for the pains, trouble, and expence, attending the same, unless the goods and chattels amt of the value of twenty pounds; nor more than two shillings, unlcfe such goods and chattels are of the value of forty pounds; nor more than three shillings, unless such goods and ctatteli are of the value of sixty pounds: nor more than one ft^lUngifor issuing commUfions to (wear such widows, children, Others, mothers, brothers, or lifters, being executors or administrators to inferior officers, Teamen, or marines, and for the pains, trouble, and expence, attending the same, unless the goods and chattels are of the value of twenty pounds; nor more than two shillings, unless the goods and chattels are of the value of forty pounds; nor more than three shillings, unless the goods and chattels are of the value of sixty pounds; under the penalty of fifty pounds, to be paid by the offender to the party

Whoever willingly and knowingly shall personate, or felfely affiime, the name or character of, or procure any other m^penonate, or falsely to affiime, the name or character of any officer. Teaman, or other person, intitled to wages, pay, allowances, or prize money, for service done on board of anyship of the royal navy, or the executor, administrator, wife, relation, oreredrtor, of any such officer, seaman, or other person, m order to receive any wages, pay, allowances, or prize money, or shall forge or counterfeit, or procure to be forged or counterfeited, any letter of attorney, or other power or authority what-focreryin order to receive any wages, pay, allowances, or prize money, or shall willingly and knowingly take a false oath, or procure a false oath to be taken, to obtain the probate of a will, or letters of administration, in order to receive any wages, pay.

XXIV. When the pay books are closed, tickets shall be made out at the navy office to the Teamen who shall not have received their wages, and such tickets shall be paid in courfeonce a month.

XXV. British governors, ministers, and consuls, residing at: foreign pans, or where no such are prefenr, ahy two British

merchants, are required to provide for seafaring men and boys, subjects of Great Britain, who, by shipwreck, capture, or other unavoidable accident, shall be in foreign pam, or who shall be discharged there os unserviceable from the royal navy, and sub-fist than at ffx pence ptr dim each; and lend them home as

allowances, or prize money, shall be guilty of felony, and suffer death.

foot)

Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 16. [1758.

soon as conveniently may be, in any Slip belonging to the royal navy, or in any merchant ship.

XXVI. Matters of ships shall be allowed six pence per dim for all such men and boys as shall exceed rheir complement.'

XXVII. Seamen shall eat be taken oat of the ferviefefor any

debt under twenty pounds: '>

XXVIII. But creditors may file a common appearance, fe as to intitle them to proceed to judgement and outlawry* <tnd to have an execution thereupon, except against the bodies of, such teamen.

XXIX. Receivers of seamens wages taking more than six pence in the pound, shall, for every offence* forfeit fifty poundsj fend if any such offender be a clerk, officer* or (fervent; 'It? all office belonging to the navy, he shall also lofc his place, and fie incapable of holding any place of profit in any such office.

XXX. Clerks, officers, and servants, in offices belonging to the navy, taking fees (not allowed by the adtj for doing any thing directed by the ad, shall be fiabjed to the same forfeitures.

XXXI. Part of several acts made in the ninth and tenth years of King William the Third, and in the fourth year of Queen Aunt, and in the first year of King the Second, and also another act made in the said first year of King the Seconds relating to Teamen, are repealed.

XXXII. This abstract, together with the articles of war* shall be printed, and kept hung up in the tnoft publick place of every ship of the royal navy, that it may be accessible to all inferior officers and seamen; and every captain and command* er, shall cause the same to be read over once in every month after the articles of war are read; and the reading the same shall be attested by the captain, or commander, and signitig officers* at the foot of the matter books: to the end that every Teaman in the royal navy may know (he puni foments he is liable to for any neglect or disobedience, and the encouragements he is> in-tided to by Use performance of his duty; and that upon fuffec* ing any injury, he may be enabled to lay his complaint before the lord high admiral, or the commissioners of the admiralty, who are by the act directed to enquire into the same, and to grant redress, if such complaint be juttly founded; and to take especial care that this act be punctually carried into execution.

1758.] Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. t % 235

CAP. XI.

An act to amend an act made in third year of the reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled An act for the better explanation, and supplying the defects of the former laws for the settlement of the poor, so far as the same relates to apprentices gaining a settlement by indenture j and also to impower justices of the peace to de+ termne differences between masters and mifireffes and their servants in hufiandry, touching their wages y though such servants are hired for kfs time than a year.

WHEREAS by an act made in the third year of the reign of Preamble, King William and tauten Mary, intituled An act for the better explanation, and supplying the defects of the former laws for the settlement of the poor, 1/ is enabled, lhaOifany person Jbouli be bound an apprentice by indenture, and inhabit in any town or parishj such binding and inhabitation shall be adjudged a glod feet-tlment t and whereas fence the making the fetid a8y great numbers of persons have been unwarih bound apprentices by certain deeds, writ-ings, or contrary not inaentedy by which binding many of them have suffered great loss and damagOy on account of their having been refused a settlement in such town or parish, where they have been so bound and refeded forty days, and have been removed to the parish or place where their last legal settlement was before such apprenticeship, where they have had no encouragement to exercise their trades, or opportunity to gain a livelihood by their said trades to which they were Jo bound apprentices: for relief therefore of such apprentices, and for preventing the like mischief for the future* be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with tlioad-vice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That no person who shall have been bound an pcpfon apprentice, or who shall hereafter be bound an apprentice, by apprentice by any deed, writing, or contract, not indented, being first legally deed, &cc. llamped, shall be liable to be removed from the town, parish, ?h?ugh !*ot. or place, where he or she shall have been so bound an appren-tiee, and resident forty days, by virtue of any order of removal, stamped, it granted by two justices of the peace, of any county, riding, di- intitled to a vision, city, borough, town corporate, or place; or by virtue settlement of any order of the justices at their general or quarter sessions, ^Jeapprci*' by realba or on account of such deed, writing, or contract, not being indented of^Jy.

II. Provided nevertheleft, That nothing herein before en- judgment, &c. acted, shall extend, or be construed to extend, to set aside or to the con'-Sttake void, any judgement, order, or decree, which shall have trary made been made as aforesaid, before the first day of May, one thou- ^nJ*9 fend seven hundred and fifty eight. be avoided

III. And whereat by an act pajffid in the twentieth year of his pre+ hereby. sent Majesty's reign9 intituled An act for the better adjusting and Acto Geo. % more ca(y recpvery of the wgss of certain servants, and for the*\>Mcv

2$6 Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 12. [1758.

better regulation of such servants, and of certain apprentices; it is enacted, That from and after the twenty fifth day- cS'March* one thousand seven hundred and forty seven, all complaints, differences and dilutes, which shall arise between matters ot miftrctTes, and servants in husbandry, who shall be* hired for one year or longer, or which shall happen or a rife between matters and mistresses and artificers, handicraftsmen, miners, colliers, keclmen, pitmen, glassmen, potters, and other labourers, employed for any certain time, or in any other manner, shall be heard or determine^ by one or more justice or justices of the peace, for the place where fitch matter or mi ft refs, shall inhabit: and whereas doubts have arisen whether the WPttls.any labourers employed for any certain time, or in any other manner, extend to servants in husbandry hired for a less time than one year; for obviating the said doubts, be it enacted by the Recited act authority aforesaid, That the said act, and all and every claufd extended to and matter therein contained, shall from and after the said first ^antsem. day of May, one thousand seven hundred and fifty eight, be husbandry deemed and construed to extend to all servants employed in huf-though hired bandry, though hired for a less time than one year; any thing for a less time in the said recited act of the twentieth year of his present Ma-thanayear. jesty's reign, or any other act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XII.

An act to encourage the growth and cultivation of maddqfffi that part of Great Britain called England, by ascertaining the tithe thereof there.

WHEREAS madder is an ingredient essentially necessary in dyeing and callicoe printing, and of great consequence to the trade and manufactures of this kingdom 5 and may he raised therein equal in goodness, if not superior, to any foreign madder: and whereas the encouraging of the growth thereof in this kingdom, will be a saving of a very large sum of money, which is now paid for. that commodity imported' duty free from abroad; and will also be a means of employing great numbers of poor in the winter months: and whereas the ascertaining of the tithe of madder will be tbi great efl means of encouraging the growth of that commodity in this kingdom: may it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellentimaje-fty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritutl and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That/fom and after the first day of August> which will be in the year of our Lord one Madder to thousand seven hundred and fifty eight* all and every person and pay 5 s. per persons who shall plant, grow, raise, or cultivate, or fcause to acre, nthe, grown, raised, or cultivated, any madder in any parish or place within that part of Great Britain called England shall pay, or cause to be paid, to every parson, vicar, curate, or impropriator of any such parish or place, the sum of five (hiL lings, and no more, yearly, and every year, for each acre of

1758.] Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 13. 237

madder so planted, grown, raised, or cultivated, and so proportionally for more or Jess ground so planted or cultivated, in lieu of all manner of tithe of madder; for the recovery of which sum or linns ot money, the parson, vicar, or impropriator, shall have the common and usual remedy allowed of by the laws of this realm.

- and not to be

II. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no madder shall be carried off the ground on till

which it grows, before the sum or sums of money herein before tlt e e*directed to be taken in lieu of tithes, be paid to the person or persons respectively intitled to receive the same.

[Act not to extend

III. Provided also, That this act, or any thing herein contained, shall not extend to charge any lands discharged by any tend to lands Modus Decimandi* ancient composition, or other discharge of d.ifcharged tithes bylaw.' ° t, thes'&c-

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority a- and to be in foresaid, That this act shall continue and be in force for the force 14years, space of fourteen years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, and no longer.

CAP. XIII.

An act for allowing a further time for holding the first meetings of of or trustees for putting in execution certain acts made in the lafi ftssion of parliament.

WHEREAS by an act passed in thelajl session of parliament, preamb1ef re* intituled An act for enlarging the times for the first meet- citing ad'jo ings of of or trustees for putting in execution certain Geo. ». acts of this session of parliament; it was enacted, That in case.any ail of parliament had passed* or did* or Should pass, at any time what Jo ever* during that session of parliament, upon or after the day specified in any such act for the first meeting of the of or trteftecs appointed to put the same* or arty part thereof* in execution;

in each and every such case* such of or trustees respectively* or the same number of such respective of or truficcs* as was* or Should be authorized to hold such fifl meeting* or any greater

number of them* Should and might hold their first meeting, upon the fourteenth day after the passing of the find first above recited oft* and proceed to the execution of such acts respectively* as effectually as if they had been assembled on the respective days appointed in such acts for holding their first meeting: and whereas the said fourteen days have been found in experience too Short a time for the holding the first meeting in some of the cases aforesaid* in a proper manner, whereby Je-. veral doubts and difficulties have arisen* with respect to the due execution'of some of the said acts- be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords fprrkual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same,

'That fuclV of or trustees for putting such acts is a- Commission-foresaid, or any part or parts thereof, in execution respectively, ers for certain or the same number of such respective of or trustees last

as

2j8

inert on lift day after pairing this act, and put the same then in execution.

Preamble#

Copyholdera ditabled from voting for knights of the (hirej

their vote void, and they to forfeit 50l.

Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 14.

[175$.

as was or were authorized to hold such first meeting, 6r any greater number of them, shall and may hold a meeting tni the twenty fitft day after the day of the passing of this act, at (tich places as were respectively appointed in such acts, F6r holding the fifft meetings on the days therein specified 5 and all fuen of or trustees, or any sufficient number of them, as aforesaid, being so assembled respectively, on the said twenty first day after the day of the passing of this act, shall and may proceed to the execution of such acts respectively, and then* and from time to time afterwards, adjourn, and do and perform all such matters and things, and execute all such powers and authorities, as are mentioned or granted to them respectively in the said acts, in the same manner, and as fully and effectually to all intents and purposes, as if such of or trustees had been assembled, in pursuance of, and on the respective days specified or appointed in such respective acts for holding the first meeting of such of or trustees; any thing in the said acts or any of them contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XIV.

An act for further explaining the laws touching the electors of knights of the fiire ta serve in parliament for that part of Great Britain called England.

WHEREAS by an act made in the eighteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to explain and amend the laws touching the elections of knights of the Shire to serve }n parliament for that part of Great Britain called England 5 it is enacted, That no person shall vote at the election of any knight or knights of a Shire within that part of Great Britain called England, or principality of Wales, without having a freehold estate in the county for which he votes> of the clear yearly value of forty shillings, ever and above all rents and charges payable oat of or in respect of the same: and whereas, notwithstanding the said aitt certain persons who hold their efates by copy of court roll, pretend to have a right to vote, and havey at certain times, taken upon them tf vote at such elections; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and fifty eight, no person, who holds his estate by copy of court roll? shall be intitled thereby to vote at the election of any knight or knights of a Shire within that part of Great Britain called England, or principality of Wales: and jf any person shall vote in any such election, contrary to the tnge intent and meaning hereof, every such vote shall be void to all intents and purposes whatsoever; and every person (b voting shall forfeit to any candidate for whom such vote shall not have been given, and who shall first foe for the same, the sum of fifty pounds, to be recovered by him or them, his, her, or their

Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 15. 299

executor* tad admiD#rators, together with full coftxof Axtt9 witK full cofU by ac1ion of debt in any of his Majestyfr cguita of record a*of biit. Westminster'y wherein no essoin, protc6honf wager of law, privU Onus probandi* lege, or imparlance shall he admitted or allowed$ and in every such action the proof shall lie on the person against whom such action shall be brought.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That ?^hntiCs- pl^ it shall and may be sufficient for the plaintiff ip any such action upo^the case, of debt to set forth in the dfclaratiop or bill, that the defendant v i? indebted to him in the fuvn of fifty pounds, and to alledge the offence for which the action or suit is brought, and that the defendant hath acted contrary to this act, without mentioning, the writ of Ammons to parliament, or the return thereof*and

So trial of any issue in any such act ion or suit, the plaintiff nor be obliged to prove the writ of fommons to parliament, or the return thereof, or any warrant or authority to the sheriff grounded upon, any such writ of summons.

III. Provided always, That every such action or (bit shall b^xirotation of commenced within the space of nine calendar months next after aaion$. the fa6t, upon which the same is grounded, shall have been committed.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Statutes of Thar all the statutps of jeofails, and amendments of the law jeofails, &c. whatsoever, fhaff and may be conftnsedto extend to all proceed- to

ings in any such a61ioo or suit. 1

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That In case the plaintiff in any such action or frited, &c. to foil, shall discontinuethe same, or be nonfofeed, or judgement pty tieble be otherwise given against him, then, and in any of the said col*s* cates, the defendant, again# whom such a6tk>n or soit shall have been brought, shall recover his treble costs.

CAP. XV.

Act eft for the encouragement of the exportation of culm to Lisbon, in the kingdom of Portugal.

WHEREAS ft^e the late drealful earthquake, at Lisbon, a.cqvfideruble dtmtind hath arisen for culm to be there used, in 'cam) the burning or calming of lime, for the purpose of rebuilding of the said city, and the exportation of culm to Liflbon, uoier a fmau duty, will greatly contribute to the more fpoedy and effectual rebuilding of the said cityx as well to the encouragement of the trade and navigation of this kingdom$ may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be $na6tedU. and be it enacted by the iLing's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual apd temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, apd by the authority of the same, That from and: -, after the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred foT

and fifty eight, it shall be lawful for any person or persons, for l5 years, and during the term of fifteen years, and from thence to the end of this tjien next session of parliament, to export any quantity

240 Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. a ij; £175.

or quantities of culm to the city of Li/bon^ in the kingdom upon payment of Portugal, upon payment of a duty of one shilling for every °i Xa ch^der ( Ntuxastle-measure) of culm (b exported, and no more,

and thee!?5 anc* ratfr^or any gwaiar or lesser quantity; foas the porter giving exporter shall, before the lading of such culm, or laying the security there- same on board, become bound with other (u&cieat security in treble the value thereof, to the of or chief officer or officers of his Majesty's customs, belonging to the port or place where such culm shall be shipped or put on board (who hath or have hereby power to take such security in his Majesty's name, of landing the and to his Majesty's use, and for which security no fee or reward same at LiKbon shall be given or taken) that such culm shall be landed at Ufiion^ only* in the kingdom of Portugal^ and not elsewhere \ and that aceftifi-

awbficate112tc o^er the handand seal of the British consul general, ordepqty thereof within consul residing at Li/bon, shall, within twelve calendar month! 11 months, from the date of the said bonds (the danger of the seas and ehe-Ship and culm mies excepted) be returned to the officers who took the said be^feke? 'X)nc*8? t*lat culm hath been landed at LiJbon\ and in case el e*the ship or vessel on which any culm shall be put on board, for which such security ought to be given, shall depart or go out of port before such security is given, in every such case the ship or vessel, and the culm therein, or the value thereof, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be recovered, to wit, one moiety thereof to the use of the King, and the other moiety thereof to the person or persons who will seize, inform, or sue for the same.

1,

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

levied, &c. as That the said duty on culm exported to Lisbon shall be raised, the duty upon collected, levied, recovered, and paid, in the same manner, eoaU. and under such penalties and forfeitures, and by such rules,

ways, and methods, as the duties payable to his Majesty upon the exportation of coals are, by virtue of any law or Statute now in force, to be raised, collected, levied, or recovered. Limitation of HI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, actions. That if any action or suit shall be commenced against any person or persons for any thing done in pursuance or this a<$, the defendant or defendants in any such action or suit, may plead General issue. the general issue, and give this act, and the special matter, in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon; and that the same was done in pursuance, and by the authority, of this act: and if it shall appear so to have been done, the juiw shall find for the defendant or defendants \ and if the plaintiff shall be nonsuit, or discontinue his action, after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared; or if judgement shall be given upon any verdict or demurrer against the plaintiff, the defendant and defendants Treble costs, shall and may recover treble costs, and have the like remedy for the same as the defendant or defendants bath or have in other cases by law.

ifgt*] Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c.t&41

CAP. XVI.

An act to enforce and render mre effectual an act made in the twenty fifth year of his present Majesty's reign* intituled,

A«v aift for annexing certain forfeited estates in Scotland to the Crown unalienably; and for making satisfaction to the lawful creditors thereupon; and to establish a method of managing the same, and applying the rents and profits, thereof, for the better civilizing and improving the highlands of Scotland, and preventing disorders there for the future.

WHEREAS the lands* lordships* baronies* patronages* tythesi

fi/bings* and other like heritages of Donald Cameron ^Preamble, fe-Lochiel, Charles Stewart of Ardftteil, Donal Mack Donald afj^1^clatute* Kinlochmoydart, Evan Macpherson of Clunie, Francis Buchanan of ArnDrior3 Donald Mack Donald of Lochgarry, Allan Cameron of (Jaliart, Francis Farquharson of Monaltree, and Alexander Mack Donald of Keppoch, by their attainders of high treason for tbtir being engaged in the late unnatural and wicked rebellion* became forfeited and vejled in his Majesty* by virtue of an act made in the twentieth year of his Majesty's reign* intituled, an act for vesting in his Majesty the estates of certain traitors, and10^tm'for more effectually discovering the same, and applying the produce thereof to the use of his Majesty, and for ascertaining and satisfying the lawful debts and daims thereupon: and whereas by an act made in the twenty fifth year of his Majesty's reign* intituled, 15 Geo. An act fe>r annexing certain forfeited estates in Scotland to the crown unalienably; and for making satisfaction to the lawful creditors thereupon; and to establish a method of managing the lame, and applying the rents and profits thereof, for the better civilizing and improving the highlands of Scotland* and preventing disorders there for the future; reciting* That the lands and estates yf the said Donald Cameron of Lpchiel, and the five-ral other per fas therein before-mentioned* which by virtue of the before-mentioned off of the twentieth year of his Majesty's reign* and tf the feud persons attainder of high treason* became vested in his Majesty* wfreholdsn of subject superiors, who had entered claims in the court of session to the property thereof; it is amongst other things, enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty* his heirs and fuueffirs> by proper per fans to be appointed for that purpose* under his or their sign manual* to tranjaft or compound with such subject superiors, concerning their claims to the property of the said forfeited estates held of them respectively: and whereas his Majesty has been pleased* by his royal sign manual dated the twentieth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and fifty five* to appoint James West and Nicholas Harding, esquires\ to transact and compound with the said subject superiors* and cj'.fidt ruble progresshas been made therein: and whereas daims have been entered in the Vou XXII. R court

creditors of the forfeited estates.

242 Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 16. [1758.

court of fejfioriy in terms of the said act of the twentieth year of his Majesty's reign, by sundry creditors of the said forfeiting persons^ upon the said forfeited estates: and whereas the said transactions and compactions cannot be concluded, and the price to be paid to the sub-jefi superiors ascertained, until the said claims, entered in the court of session by the creditors of the said forfeiting persons, are enquired into, and the extent of them ascertained, which cannot be done without the authority and interposition of parliament; for retpedy whereof, and for rendering effectual the good and valuable purposes intended by the said in part recited act made in the twenty fifth year of his Majesty's reign; be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present fion to °roce' d Par^ament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That OD^ncfdeter* die court of session in Scotland, shall, and is hereby authorized mine all claims and required to proceed upon and determine all claims entered* entered by the or that shall be entered, by virtue of and in terms of the before-r mentioned act of the twentieth year of his Majesty's reign, by the creditors of the said Donald Cameron of Lochiel, Charles Stewart of Ardjbeil, Donald Mack Donald of Kinlochmoydart, Evan Macpherfcn of Clunie, Francis Buchanan of Amprior, Donald Mack Donald of Lochgarry, Allan Cameron of Calkrt, Francis Farquharjan of Monaltry, and Alexander Mack Donald of Kep-poch % upon the lands and estates of the said forfeiting persons, or upon any other lands and estates vested in his Majesty by the aforesaid act of the twentieth year of his Majesty's reign, held of subject superiors, according to the rules and regulations, and in the manner and form prescribed by the above-mentioned act of the twentieth year of his Majesty's reign, for determining claims entered upon the estates of forfeiting persons holding of the crown.

II. And whereas it is tiecessary to determine and ascertain the annual produce or value of the said efates; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That actions may be brought before the court of session, at the instance of his Majesty's advocate, for proving the said annual value and rental, and also the value of the said lands and real estates 5 which actions shall be served against the defendants, and shall otherways be proceeded in before the court of session, in the same way and manner, and a-greable to the rules and regulations prescribed by the said act of the twenty fifth year of his Majesty's reign, concerning the valuation of the other forfeited estates annexed to the crown*

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

court to°bet, C That every decree or determination of the court of session in the final!, unless fa>d matters and things, shall be final and binding upon the application subject superiors, and all other persons and parties concerned,

for reverting in case application for reverting or amending such decrees is not the same be <ju]y maje in the manner prescribed, and within the time Kmit-liinitecTtime.*ty t^ie last mentioned act of the twenty fifth year of his Majesty's reign.

IV. And2 to the end that the interest of the subject superiors may

' - no

Actions may be brought before the court for proving the annual rental and value.

1758.] Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 17. 243

no ways be prejudgedit is hereby further enacted by the autho- Subject fupe-

rity aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to the said sub- riors may ap-jest superiors, by themselves, or by their counsel, to appear in pear in court, the said court when the claims entered upon the said estates re- die spectively held of them, or when the said actions of valuation claims are en-are heard and determined, and to object thereto as they shall tered, or ac-fee cause. f tionsofvalua-

V. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority afore- ilonulieai^', said, That nothing in this act shall be construed to hurt or pre- and of jodice the right accruing to his Majesty, by the forfeiture of the rhefufreft foresaid persons, or tQ invalidate or destroy the claim of the said superiors re-fabjeft superiors duly entered in the court of session to the pro- (exvcd. perry of the said estates.

CAP. XVII.

An act to explain, amend, and render more effectual an act passed in the twenty ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for appointing a (uffiaent.number of Constables for the service of the city and liberty of Westminster \ and to compel proper persons to take upon them the office of jurymen, to present nu-fances and other offences, within the said city and liberty.

WHEREAS an act passed in the twenty ninth year of the Preamble, re-reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for appoint- citing the act ing a sufficient number of constables for the service of the city 29 Geo. and liherryof Westminster \ and to compel proper persons to take upon them the office of jurymen, to prevent nuisances and other offences within the said city and liberty: and whereas difficulties have arisen in ascertaining, who ought, in many cases, to repair pavements and remove annoyances, and the [said act hath in other respects been found insufficient to anfiver the several purposes thereby intended: therefore, to render the same more effectual; be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority Repairs of of the same. That all pavements, within the said city and liberty, belonging or opposite to churches, or other publick of annoy-buildings or grounds, which are the property of any parish, and ances, belong, which of right ought to be repaired by such parish, shall, from time ingf? parish to time be repairs!, and kept in repair, and also all annoyances belonging thereto be removed, by the churchwardens of such 0', c gr^nd^to parish for the time being; and all pavements belonging or of- be done by pofite to markets, shall be repaired and kept in repair, and allt, lc church-annoyances belonging thereto be removed, by the proprietors of |f^giC"S5?n such markets, their agents or lessees; and all pavements belong- to marker % % y ing or opposite to hospitals, alms-houses, charitable foundations, the proprie-and all other publick buildings, not being the property of any tors. &c. parish, shall be repaired, and all annoyances belonging the reto

R 2 bechan: abi«'S'

244- Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 17. [1758.

foundations, be removed, by the principal officer or person residing in ^yajhef such buildings respectively, who are hereby declared to be the Sftr^ereof; occupier or occupiers thereof; and all pavements belonging or and to private opposite to lands and grounds, or adjoining to any wall or grounds, by fence, where no houses are erected or built shall be repaired, and the pwners. an annoyances belonging thereto be removed, by the owners of such lands and grounds, or other person or persons, who of right ought to repair such pavements, or remove such annoyances. Annoyance as the case shall be: and it shall be lawful for the said annoy-Jferybdy T' ance Ju7 apP°*nted by the said recited act, and qualified as inerits^and^n- therein is directed, or any twelve or more of* them, and they noyances, first are hereby required to present all bad and defective pavements, giving notice and all annoyances belonging or opposite to all such buildings, of their mten- pjaces, and grotmds, as aforesaid, first leaving notice in writing proper per- with such churchwardens, proprietors of markets, their agents tons} or lessees, principal officers, or persons residing in such buildings,

or owners of such grounds, as aforesaid, or affixing the same upon some publick part of such buildings, or on the walls or fences of such grounds, where any defective pavements or annoyances shall be found of their intention to present the same; and if the same and in case such churchwardens, proprietors of markets, their be not amend- agents or lessees, principal officers, "Of persons residing in such ed*whhhTi^" buildings, or owners of grounds, as aforesaid, shall not within days, may fourteen days next after such notice giveh, cause such pavements amerce the to be amended, and annoyances to be removed, then the said

said persons jury shall amerce the said churchwardens, proprietors of mar-the^atureof kets, agents or lessees, principal officers, or persons afore* the offence, said, in such sum or sums of money as they shall think proper, according to the nature of the offence, not exceeding forty shillings for any one offence.

Occupiers of fl- And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, houses are to That all tenants or occupiers of houses, buildings, or grounds, repair the n an places within the said city and liberty, shall be fulyedfc and Snd"athe, 1iabl5 to.rePj!r the Pavemer\ts belonging or opposite to any such charges out of houses, buildings, or grounds; and it shall be lawful for ail te-their relit; nants to deduct and detain out of their relit due or to gfow due, all and every such sum and sums of money as they shall have expended in repairing such pavements, according to notice to be except where given for that purpose by the annoyance jury, as aforesaid, (ex-contract byn ^uch cases only where tenants are by any covenant, con-

keep the same tract, or agreement, to keep such pavements in repair at their in repair. own expence) any law or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And whereas the pavements within the limits aforesaid are frequently broken up and damaged by persons belonging to the several proprietors of water works, and are often rekid with bad materials y or in an improper manner; be it therefore further enacted by the broken up by authority aforesaid, That when and as often as any paviour, persons be-'agent, servant, or other person, belonging to or employed ranging to^ny by any of the proprietors of water works, or any other person company of employed by them, or any of them, shall break, take tip, or arefto tercl* otherwise damage any pavement within the said city and liberty,

1758.] Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 17. 245

such paviour, agent, servant, or other person, shall cause the said by them same to be relaid or repaired as soon as conveniently may be, in a fabftantial with good durable (lone and gravel, and in a substantial and invent, workmanlike manner; and in case they shall not relay or re- cnt tirae-pair such pavement with all convenient speed, and to the satisfaction of the person to whom the same belongs, such person In default, the may at any time within fourteen days next after such pavement annoyance shall have been broken up or damaged, as aforesaid, apply to I111*?' jjPJJj1 the foreman, or to any one of the annoyance jurymen of the and view*divrfion for the parish wherein such pavement shall be, who, thereof, upon such application, is hereby required, together with fix or more of the junrmen for that division, to view the premisses m question j and it upon their view it shall appear to them that may directtbe such pavement hath not been relaid in due time, or in the man- proprietor to ner before directed, the said jurymen shall direct the person to re ay 1 e whom such pavement belongs, or who is liable to repair thp same, to cause the same to be relaid or repaired in a proper manner; and when such pavement shall have been relaid oy repair- and upon hit ed, according to the direction of the said jurymen, the person application to whom such pavement belongs, and who (h^ll have caused proofof such pavement to be relaid or repaired, as aforesaid, may apply^charges, to a court, to be held by the dean of Westminster for the time being; or the high Reward of the city and liberty of Westminster for the time being, or his deputy; the two chief burgesses of Westminster and the other burgeflfes, or any five or more of them, whereof the said dean, high (leward, or his ejeputy, or one of the said two chief burgesses, to be one; and upon such application made, the said court are hereby required to examine into the premisses, upon oath (which oath they are hereby impowered to administer to any person or persons for that purpose;,) the jury are to and the said jury, or any twelve or more of them, shall at the amerce the said court amerce any collector, paviour, agent, servant, or any other person belonging to or employed by any of the proprietors, n 1 of water works, upon whose account such pavement shall have been broken up or otherwise damaged, and which shall not have been rdaid or repaired as before directed, in so much money, as shall, upon fufch examination, appear to the said court to have been justly expended in relaying or repairing such pavements; and also in a further sum not exceeding forty shillings, nor less than twenty shillings, for every such neglecfl or offence; which Ceeding4o/. money so expended in relaying or repairing such pavement, shall, nor left than when recovered, be forthwith paid by the said court, to the per- J0/- for such son who shall have caused such pavement to be relaid or repair- ncSle&* ed, according to the direction of the said jurymen, as aforesaid.

IV. Provided always, That no such amerciament shall be set But the court

or imposed upon any such collector, paviour, agent, servant, «to give no-or person aforesaid, unless three days notice in writing shall have t, cc £he a* first been given by the said court to such collector, paviour, agent, fmerdamen^ servant, or other person aforesaid. he imposed.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the autho- Paviour be-flty aforesaid, That no paviour, or other person or persons be- longing to

R q long- water works#

b before b&

246

breaks up any pavement* is to give notice to what company he belongs,

under penalty ef 4.0 /.

Annoyance jtfry where re-quisite may order the speedy removal of any annoyances or ob. ltructions;

and if not complied with, may a-merce the offender in a sum not exceeding 40 sf

No hourd or fence to be set up in the streets, without a licence fir It had from tile court.

Fee payable for the licence.

[Penalty.]

Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 17.'[1758.

longing to any company of water works, shall break or take up, or otherwise damage, any pavement within the said city and liberty, without first giving notice, in writing, by what company of water works he or they are employed, to the proprietor or occupier of the house, ground, wall, or building, to which such pavement shall belong or appertain, or by affixing \ such notice upon some conspicuous part of such house, ground, wall, or building, where the proprietor or occupier cannot be found; any law or usage to the contrary notwithstanding: and in case any such paviour, or other person or persons aforesaid, shall break up or damage any pavement as aforesaid, without giving such notice as aforesaid, every such person shall be amerced by the said jury in any sum not exceeding forty shillings for every offence.

VI. And whereas the long time allowed by the said recited act^ for removing annoyances, in some cases hath been found inconvenient; for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That when and as often as the said annoyance jury shall, upon their own view and knowledge, find any annoyances, obstructions, or encroachments, upon any of the publick ways, streets, or passages, within the said city and liberty, of such a nature as to require as speedy removal as may be, or which can be removed within a less time than fourteen days, it shall be lawful for the said jury, by an order in writing, left at the house of the person who shall have caused or suffered such annoyance, obstruction, or encroachment, to direct such person to remove the Came within a reasonable time to be specified in such notice; and if all such annoyances, obstru<ftions, or encroachments, shall not be removed within such reasonable time as by the said nQtice shall be directed, then the said jury shall amerce the perfoapr persons causing such annoyance, obstrudhon, or encroachment, in such sum as they shall think proper, not exceeding forty shillings for any one offence.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no builder, or other person shall erefl or set up, or cause to be erected or set up, in any of the publick streets, lapes, or passages, within the said city and liberty, any hourd or fence whatsoever, without a licence under the common seal of the said court first had and obtained; in which licence'shall be expressed the length and breadth of such hourd or fence, and also the time the same shall be allowed to continue; which licences the said court are hereby required to grant to all persons applying for the same, under such restrictions and limitations, as aforesaid, at the discretion of the said court; and no more than five shillings shall be paid for each licence: and if any person shall erect, or cause to be erected, any hourd or fence within the limits aforesaid, without such licence, or which shall not be agreeable to the directions thereof, or shall suffer any materials for building to remain on the outside of any hourd or fence above the space of forty eight hours, every person offending in any of the cases

247

1758.] Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 17.

aforesaid, shall be amerced by the said jury in a sum not exceeding forty shilling* for every such offence.

VIII. Provided always, That such licences shall not be con- Licence to be strued to extend to be a defence to any prosecution for a nui- no ^e£ence

fance. J lut\onfor°ICm

IX. And whereas by the said recited act the said annoyance jury nuiTance.

are impowered to destroy all unlawful weights^ balances, and mca-fares^ of persons dealing by weight or measure within the limits aforesaid; and a doubt having arisen upon the construction of such part of the said act as relates thereto: for obviating whereof, be it enacted and declared by the authority aforesaid, That all weights and Weights and rtieafures made use of by persons dealing by weight or measure, Pealures within the said city and liberty, shall be fixed and sealed by the marked by standards belonging to the said city, and also marked with a port the proper ot-cullis by the officer already appointed for that purpose, or by such ftcer* other officer as may hereafter be appointed by the said dean, high steward, or his deputy, the two chief burgesses, and the other bargestes, of Westminster, or any five or more of them, whereof the said dean, high steward, or his deputy always to be one, at a court to be held for that purpose (and by no other person or persons whatsoever) which officer appointed, or to be appointed, is hereby required, upon application to him made for that purpose, to seal and mark, in manner aforesaid, all weights and measures which shall be brought to him for that purpose, and which shall be agreeable to the standards belonging to the said city; and the said officer shall demand and receive, for each weight and measure so by him sealed and marked, as aforesaid, for his pains and trouble therein, the fees following, and no more; that is to say, for every bushel, four pence; for every Officer* fees half bushel, twopence; for every peck, half peck, and quarter forcing peck, one penny; for all half pecks, or quarter pecks, per dozen, j^re/ns*e ten pence; for every sack two pence; for every ale and beer measure, one farthing; for every hundred weight, four pence; for every half hundred weight, two pence; for all pound weights, and all other weights under half a hundred weight, one halfpenny; for all ounce weights, and all other weights under a pound, one farthing: and all weights and measures belonging Unsealed to persons dealing by weight or measure within the said city and liberty, which shall not be sealed and marked in manner before ^destroyed^ directed, shall be deemed unlawful; and it shall and may be as unla«vtul, lawful for the said annoyance jury, or any twelve or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and required, to destroy all such unlawful weights and measures, and to amerce the own- eivamereedi* ef or owners thereof, or the person in whole possession the same a sum not ex-Shall be found, in any sum or sums of money not exceeding ceeding 40 s. forty shillings for any one offence.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the officer already appointed, or hereafter to be appointed as aforesaid, after all necessary charges and -expences attending the fixing, (baling, and marking such weights and measures as aforesaid, shall have been first deducted, shall, and he is hereby dill reded

*4$

Scaling officer to pay half-yearly to the deputy flew- f ard a moiety of his profits.

Court, upon complaint, may amerce annoyance juryman, for non-execution of" his of-'fice.

High confta ble toobey the orders of the court,

and petty con-ltables to be aflilting to him j

under penalty of being a-merced by the court.

Aged persons exempted from serving as constables, or as leet or annoyance jurymen.

Adjourn-menu of th^ court leet.

Court may amerce jurymen for non-ai tendance, or other neglect.

Ili-h bailiff, oi hi* deputy, to execute ail warrants of the Court leet, or.churt of burgesses,

Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 17. [1758.

rested and required half-yearly, within one calendar month nex, after the twenty fifth day of March, and the twenty ninth day of September, in.every year, to pay, or cause to be paid 10 the deputy steward of Westminster for the time being, on account of his trouble and expence in attending hir office of deputy steward of Westminster, one moiety of the clear money arising from or on account of such fizing, sealing, and marking as aforesaid.

XI. And, for the better executing the purposes of the said recited act, and this present act; be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any annoyance juryman shall in any maryier neglect or refuse to execute the duty of his office of juryman, it mall be lawful for the said court, upon complaint to them made of any such neglect or refusal to fine such juryman for every such offence, in any sum not exceeding forty (hilnngs.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the high constable for the said city and liberty is hereby required to obey all lawful orders which he shall from time to time receive from the said dean, high steward, or his deputy, at any court to be holden for the said city and liberty; and all petty constables are required to be aiding and assisting to the hign constable in the execution of all such orders and directions; and if the said high constable, or any petty constable, shall refuse or neglect to obey such orders, or in any other manner misbehave in their respective offices, the said court shall and may fine any high and petty constable, so offending, in any sum not exceeding forty shillings for every such offence.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no person within the said city or liberty of Westminster, shall be liable or compelled to serve as a constable, or to find a person to/ervein his llead, who is of the age of sixty three years, or upwards; nor shall any person be liable or compelled to serve either as a leet or annoyance juryman, who is of the age of sevenry years, or upwards; any thing in the said recited act, or this present act, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said dean, high steward, or his deputy, shall, and are hereby authorized and impowered to adjourn the court leet heI4 for said city and liberty, from time to time, as often as shall be convenient; any law or usage to the contrary notwithstanding: and if any leet juryman appointed, or to be appointed by virtue of the said recited act, shall neglect or refuse to attend the fai4 court leet as often as thereunto required by the said court, or in any other manner neglect or refuse to execute the duty of his office of juryman, it shall be lawful for the said court leet to fine such juryman for every such offence, in any sum stot exceeding forty shillings.

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said high bailiff, or his deputy or deputies, is and are hereby directed and required forthwith to execute all warrants which he or they have already received, or may hereafter receive, for levying any fine set or imposed, or to be set or imposed,

1758.] Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 17.49

for any offences against the said recited act, or this present a A, from the said court leer, or from the said court of bur-gasses, or from any justice of the peace before whom any person shall have been, or may be convicted for any offence against the said acts, or either of them; and in case the said high bailiff, or his deputy or deputies, shall refuse or neglect to execute any such warrant or warrants, as aforesaid, according to the true ih-tent and meaning thereof, or to pay over all such fines as he and to pay shall, from time to time, receive by virtue of any such warrant over the (urns or warrants, according to the true intent and meaning of the received, on said recited act, or this present act, it shall and may be lawful by

for the said court leet, or court of burgesses respectively, and the court, they are hereby authorized and impowered to fine such high bailiff, or his deputy or deputies, so offending, in any sum not exceeding five pounds for every such offence; and if any fine or Fines imposed fines set or imposed upon the said high bailiff, or his deputy or £n-nr deputies, by the said court leet, or court of burgesses, as afore- default in tte said, shall remain unpaid for the space of one calendar month premises, next after the same shall have been so set or imposed, the high constable of the city and liberty of Westminster, is hereby autho- to be levied by rized and required by any warrant or warrants from the said the high con-court leet, or court ot burgesses respectively, directed to him for ?abic* bJ {I that purpose, to levy all and every such fine and fines, so to be ftrc"^set or imposed on the said high bailiff, or his deputy or deputies, as aforesaid, by distress of the goods and chattles of the said high bailiff, or his deputy or deputies, and to cause sale to be made thereof, in case they shall not be redeemed within five days next after such distress made, rendering the overplus, if any, to the owner upon demand, after deducing the reasonable charges of making such distress and sale, as aforesaid.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, High bailiff to That it shall and may be lawful for the said high bailiff, or his retain a fourth deputy or deputies, to retain in his or their hand or hands, one of £ncs fourth part of the several sums of money that shall be levied by lcvicdbyhuni him or them, for the respective fines set by virtue of this or the said recited act, in consideration of his or their trouble and expence in levying the same.

XVII. Provided always, and be it declared and enacted by and pay over the authority aforesaid, That the remaining three fourth parts of the remainder the said fines shall be paid over by the said high bailiff, his deputy or deputies, to the respective overseers of the several pa- parish* to be rishes in Westminster, within the like time, and applied by them applied as the to the same uses and purposes, as are directed by the said recited former act di-z6ky with respect to the whole of such fines.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Fines and a-That all fines and amerciaments which shall be set or imposed merciaments upon any person by virtue or in pursuance of this act, shall and

may be levied, recovered, and applied, except where the same otherwise di-are directed to be otherwise levied, recovered, applied, or dif- rested, to be piofed of by this act, in the same manner as the fines and amer- leT*d and ap*

directs.

High bailiff to transmit an account thereof to the court of burgesses,

to be entered, together with the licence fees for hoards, Sec. and their application, proper books,

which may be inspected by the overseers; and copies taken thereof.

Commencement and oon-tinuance of this act.

Limitation of actions.

[General issue.]

[Treble costs.]

Places and

Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. €, i*f.

[1758.

ciaments set Or imported by the said recited act, are thereby di-rested to be levied* recovered, and applied.

XIX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the said high bailiff, or his deputy or deputies, (half, from time to time, transmit to the said court of burgesses, an account in writing of ail fines and amerciaments by him levied or received, in j$urfuance of this, or the said recited act; and that the clerk of $Jie said court of burgesses, shall, in a book to be kept for that purpose, make a just and due entry of all fines and amerciaments set or imposed by virtue of this. Or the said recited act, and like Wife an account of all monies received in pursuance thereof, of on account of licences granted for erecting hoards, by virtue of this act, and the application of the several Anns so received 5 which account the respective Overseers of the /everal pari files in Westminster, for the time being, shall have liberty to inspect at all seasonable and convenient times, upon application to the said clerk, and take copies thereof so far as relates to the said fines.

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act and all the powers and authorities herein contained, shall commence and have continuance from a!nd after the twenty ninth day of September, in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifty eight.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any suit shall be brought or commenced against any person or persons, for any thing done in pursuance of this act, or in relation to the premisses, that in every such case, the aclron shall be commenced within six months next after the fast committed, and not afterwards; and shall be laid and brought in the county of Middlesex, and not elsewhere, except such perfori of persons against whom such action shall be brought, shall remove into and reside in the city of London, in which case the said action shall be laid and brought in the said city of Londc?:; and the defendant and defendants in such action or actions to be brought, may plead the general issue, and give this act, and the special matter, in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the authority hereof; and if it shall appear so to be done, or if any such action or suit shall be brought after the time before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other county, city, or place, than the county of Middlesex (except in such case as aforesaid) that then and in such case, the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; and if upon such verdict, or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or discontinue his, her, or their action or actions; or if a verdict shall pass against the plaintiff or plaintiffs; or if, upon demurrer, judgement shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs; the defendant or defendants shall and may recover treble costs, and have the like remedy for the same, as any defendant or defendants hath or have for costs of suit, in other cases by law.

XXII. Provided always, That this act, or any thing or matter

1758.] Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. i9. 351

herein contained, shall not extend to the church or college of r Westminjitry nor to the close of JVefiminJle, nor to any person ££pted from or persons inhabiting within the site, circuit, or precinct of the the jurisdic-said church, college, or close, for any offence or mifgovern- tien of the ment to be committed by them, or any of them, within the site, circuit, or precinct of the said church, college, or close.

CAP. xviii.

An act for draining and preserving certain fen lands and low grounds in the isle of Ely and county of Cambridge, between the Cam, otherwise Grant, Ouse, and Mildenhall rivers, and bounded on the louth east by the hard lands of Ifleham, Fordham, Soham, and Wicken; and for ins* powering the governor, bailiffs, and commonalty of the company of conservators of the great level of the fens, called Bedford Level, to fell certain lands within the said limits, commonly called Inverted Lands.

[Preamble.]

Certain persons appointed of, with others, to bc chosen for the several places, to execute the act. An agent to be appointed for everyoo hundred acres any commifEoner shall be pofftlfed of, more than is required for his own qualification. Lords and ladies to appoint agents in like manner. The first of for the several places.

Their continuance. Future of to be chosen annually. Commissioners dying, or becoming disqualified, others to be chosen. Penalty on of acting, ifnot qualified. Exception. Commissioners to meet twice in every year, or oftnCr, if necessary. First general meeting when to be held. Allowance to be made to of for their attendance. Commissioners impowered to raise and rtrengthen the banks of the rivers Cam, Ouze, &c. and of the several drains) and to lay proper tunnels and bridges; and to repair the same, &c. Inverted lands not to be meddled with, without consent of the corporation. Power of making orders. Satisfaction to be made to private owners for damages done to their ground^. To be determined, in case of difference, by the justices at the quarter sessions. Navigation of the rivers-not to be obstructed, &c.

Commissioners to appoint collectors, and other officers \ who are to be removable, and to give security. An acre rate to be laid on the lands for raising money for carrying on the purposes of this act. Lands exempted from (ax. Such lands only as are subject to inundations, are to be taxed. Hod or turf pools not taxable for years. Common grounds belonging to the poor, to pay only half the tax charged on other lands. Commissioners may fever so much of the common lands, and let the same, as shall be sufficient to pay the taxes charged on the rest. Taxes how to be levied in default of payment. Tax to be paid by the tenants, and deducted out of their relit. In case of a lease, tenant to pay in proportion. Person not paying the taxes within two months after demand, to forfeit zs. for every aos. he shall be in arrear. Lands unoccupied, to remain a security for payment of the tax. Commissioners may take up money at interest fof-carrying on the works, and assign the rates as a security for the same.

Charges of this act to be paid thereout. Rates chargeable with the monies borrowed thereon, and upon default of payment to vert in the Creditors.

Alignments may be transferred. Assignments to be entered in a book.

Penalty upon persons cutting down or destroying banks or other works.

Offender may be transportea. Persons convicted of destroying, flopping, or damming up the drains, forfeit 50l. and convicted of throwing rubbish or other obstruction, 5l. For wan: of distress the offender to be commited. 10 /. penalty on making or continuing the use of watering places for cattle, after notice given to the contrary; or of driving carriages over the banks. Outring or division dykes, to be kept of a certain width and depth, and effectually roded and scoured; bridges and tunnels to be also laid, &c. where the of shall judge necessary, under certain penalties; of may cause the same to he done, and levy the charges, with the penalty. Application of the penalties. Regulations to he observed in laying tunnels; penalty 51. Rates and artclfiner.ts to be

Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 19. [*75*

[Publick act.]

entered in proper books; and also accounts of receipts and dUburfementt* Accounts to be audited on oath half-yearly; at which times, the collectors and receivers are to attend with their vouchers, Sec. Accounts, after they are palied, to be entered in % lets of books, See. Moles in iandsad joining to banks to be destroyed by the owners of the said lands; or the charges thereof to be levied on them. Tvo trees, holts, or buildings, to be fuflered to Hand near any mill or engine. Commissioners impowered to erect (launches for keeping up a head of water at proper places, in the drains leading from the Ikirt lands. Mills may be erected for draining arable lands which produce winter crons. Mills to be erected, See. by the commissioners for draining the trail of land principally belonging to lord Townshend, See. General reservation of rights. Rights of the conservators of the great level reserved. Recital of clauses in aft 15 Car. a. Sc so Car. a. The corporation's receiver to pay to the of collector the rates charged on the inveiled lands, until the same be sold. Conservators to appoint annually a commissioner for every 200 acres of the invested lands taxed by this act. Sale may be made of the invested lands; giving one month's publick notice thereof. The same to be discharged of all former taxes; but not from taxes liable to be assessed thereon after such Tale. Particular lands exempted from taxes. Disputes concerning the exemption of lands herein omitted to be exempted, to be determine bj view of9commissioners on oath. Two copies to be made of such determinations, See. Limitation of actions. General issue. Treble costs*

CAP. XIX.

An act for draining and preserving certain fen lands, low grounds, and commons, in the pari fees of Chatteris and Doddington, in the isle of Ely, in the county of Cambridge.

[Preamble.]

[Proviso.]

The fen and low grounds before described, divided into two districts. Certain persons appointed of, with others, to be chosen for the several places, to execute the act. An agent to be appointed foro acres any commissioner shall be possessed of Joint owners of lands sufficient for a qualification, Sec. may act as of, and appoint agents. Persons disqualified from acting as of Co rami (Iioners to meet twice in every year. First general meeting when to be held. Adjournments, and other meetings of the of Sams allowed to be expended at half-yearly and other meetings. Meetings where to be held. Commissioners impowered to cut drains, and perform all other works proper for draining the lands. Satisfaction to be made to private owners for damages done to their grounds; to be determined, in case of difference, by 4 of, who are to choose an umpire* Commissioners to appoint collectors, and other officers; who are to be removable, and to give security. An acre rate to be laid on the lands for failing money for carrying on the purposes of this act. Landi exempted from tax. Quantities of land to be taxed, to be given in to of Penalty on neglect. Such lands only as are subject to in-pndatidns, are to be taxed. Commissioners may lever so much of the common lands, and let the same, as shall be sufficient tq pay the taxes charged on the rest. Commissioners may take up money at mtefeft for carrying on the works, and assign the rates as a fecqrity for the same. Assignments may be transferred. Assign men ts to be entered in a book*

Limitation of the sum to be borrowed. Rates chargeable with the monies borrowed thereon, and upon default of payment to vest in the creditors. Application of the assessments, See. Charges of passing this act tq be first paid. Taxes how to be levied in default of payment. Tax to be paid by the tenants, and deducted out of their relit. No order made by the of to be repealed, unless 5 consent. Penalty upon persons cutting down or destroying banks or other works. Offender may be transported. Persons convicted of destroying, (topping, or damming up the drains, forfeit 50l. For want of distress the offender to be committed. Allowance to be made out of the taxes for destroying moles. Satisfaction tq bf made for damages done to the banks, by burning of the grounds*1

253

1758.] Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c.

Penalty of throwing the waters upon another person's lands, and not immediately into the publick drains. Accounts to be audited on oath yeat-ly 5 at which times the collectors and receivers are to attend with their vouchers, See. Accounts, after they are pafsect, to be entered in itfets of books, &c. Proceedings of of to be entered in books, and signed, and may be produced, and read in evidence. Penalty of cutting turf within a certain didance of the banks; and of making or continuing the use ot watering places for cattle; and of making any fock-dike, Sea. near the banks; the raid penalties how to be recovered. Tunnel to be laid under WimblingtonLeam, &c. unless a mill be erected for answering the purpose thereof. Charges thereof to be paid by the first district. Sufficient drains to be made in the second district, in particular parts thereof$ and proper bridges and tunnels, to be defrayed by the second district.

Fences to be orested for each district. Proprietors of lands in Normore, to maintain such parts of the bank on the west side of the Sixteen Foot, as adjoin to the said lands. Tenants repairing the same, or the charge thereof being levied on them, are to be reimbursed. Disputes relating to such charges how to be determined. No trees or holts to be sufferedto (land near any mill* Penalty on occupiers neglecting to rode and scour, &c. the outring and division dikes. Cofltdtors may cause the same to be done &c. and levy the charge. Mills to be insured against fire. Rights of the conservators of the great level reserved. General reservation of rights.

[Publick act.]

[Treble costs.]

[General issue.]

Limitation of actions.

CAP. XX.

An act for applying a sum of money granted in this feffxon of parliament r for rebuilding London Bridge; and for rendering more effectual an act passed in the twenty ninth year of his present Majestfs reign, intituled An act to im-. prove, widen, and enlarge the passage over and through London Bridge.

WHEREAS by an act passed in the twenty ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act to improve, widen, and Preamble, reenlarge the passage over and through London Bridge; certain tolls citing part of and sums of money, from and after the twenty fourth day of June!}c aft as one thousand seven hundred and fifty six, were thereby reserved and Gco*l* made payable, for or upon account of every horse, coach, chariot, bearfe^ berlin, landau, cdlash, chaije, or chair, passing over the said bridge, and also by the owner or owners of every hoy, barge, vessel, lighter, or other crafty having any goods on board, except as therein is excepted, every time such hoy, bargey vessel, lighter, or other craft, Should pass through any of the arches of the said bridge, and such tolls or sums of money were vefied in the mayor and common-city, and citizens of the city of London, for the purposes of the said act: and whereas in pursuance of the powers given by the said act a tonsiderable progress hath been made in taking down the houses on the said bridge, and two of the arches under the same, in order to lay them into one; and also a temporary wooden bridge was at a great expence erected to preserve a publick passage to and from the said city, which said wooden bridge hath been entirely consumed by fire, and must necessarily be re-built, at a further considerable expence: and.whereas it hath been found by experience that the said tolls, or sums of money, will not be sufficient for effecting the ends and purposes for which the same were granted and made payable: and whereas a

254 Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 20, [1758.

sum not exceeding fifteen thousand pounds hath been granted to his Majesty this session of parliament, to be applied for rebuilding of London Bridge: may it therefore please your most excellent Majesty* that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of 1 the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present

15, 0001. to be parliament assembled, and by thfc authority of the same, That paidoutof the out of all or any of the aids or supplies granted to his Majesty ed^or the^ear ^or ^erv*ce of year one thousand fevefl hundred and fifty 1758, into the eight, there may and shall be applied and paid into the chamber chamber of of the city of London, the sum of fifteen thousand pounds, with-London. out account, to be applied for rebuilding the said bridge.

Tolls granted

II. Provided always, That all and every the said tolls or sums by the former of money made payable by the said recited act, shall continue act to conti- an(j \yC in force until the twenty fourth day of June, one thou-nextTsmd no* kn<* seven hundred and fifty eight, and no longer $ my thing longer. if1 the said recited act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the charges and expences of obtaining and passing this present act, shall be paid out of any money whiqh has been or shall be raised and received by virtue of the said former and this act. Continuation

IV. And it is hereby further enacted, That all and every the of such pow- powers, clauses, provisoes, matters, and things, contained in the ers, &c. of the said former act, except such as are hereby discontinued or alter-arenothereby shall remain* continue, and be in full force, and be execu-discontinued7 ted, as well for the purposes of this act, as of the said former or altered. aft, as amply and effectually as if the same were in and by this act, expressly re-enacted and declared to take effect and be in force.

Commence-

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That ment of this this and ass the p0Vvers and authorities herein contained, shall a ' commence from and after the twenty first day of Aprils one thousand seven hundred and fifty eight.

Penalty of wil- fully damag-

VI. And for the more effectually preventing any person or persons, from burning or destroying the said bridge; be it en-ingordeitroy- acted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons ing the bridge, foajj unlawfully, wilfully, and maliciously set fire to, burn, blow woricsthereof.UP> Pu^ down, or destroy the said bridge, or any part thereof,

or any works or buildings which now do or shall belong thereto, or in any wise direct: or procure the same to be done, every such offender or offenders being lawfully convicted, shall be Death. deemed guilty of felony, and shall suffer death as a felon, without benefit of clergy.

Account of

VII. And be it also enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the oiTof^th^mo" c^am^er^ain of the city of London, shall lay an account of the nie^received* application, as well of the said sum of fifteen thousand pounds, to be laid an- as of all other monies received by virtue of this and the said nually before former act, before both houses of parliament, within twenty parliament. days next after t^e opening of every session of parliament, in the same manner as is directed by the said former act.

Charges of passing this act now to be paid.

175S ] Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. it. 355

VIII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if Limitation of any action shall be brought, or suit commenced, aeainst any person or persons for any thing done in pursuance or this act, or in relation to the premisses, or any of them, such action or suit shall be laid or brought within six months next after the fast done, and shall be laid or brought in the city of London or county of Surry, and not elsewhere*, and the defendant or defendants in such action, may plead the general issue, and give this act and the spe- General issue. cial matter in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon; and that the same was done in pursuance and by authority of this act; and if the same shall appear to have been (b done, or if any such action or suit shall not be brought within the time be* fore limited, or shall be brought in any other county or place than as aforesaid, then the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or suffer a discohtinuance of his, her, or their action or actions; or if a verdict shall pass against the plaintiff or plaintiffs $ or if upon demurrer, judgement shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the said defendant < or defendants shall have treble costs, and shall have such remedy for recovering the same, Treble as any defendant or defendants bath or have for costs in other cases by law.

[Publick act.]

IX. And it is hereby further enacted, That this act shall be deemed a publick act; and shall be taken notice of as such, by all judges, justices, and other persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXL

An act for allowing further time for inrolment of deeds an4 wills made by papists \ and for relief of protestant purchasers.

WHEREAS by a clause in an act of parliament passed in the\ Preamble, re-third year of his late Majesty's reign, intituled An act for cini^ the acts explaining an act passed in the last session of parliament, intituled An act to oblige papists to register their names and real estates % and for enlarging the time for such registering \ and for fc curing purchases made by prate (Iants; it was enacted, That from and after the N twenty ninth day <?/September, in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, no manors, lands, tenements, beredita mints, or any intere/l therein, or relit or profit thereout, Should pass % alter, or change, from any papists or person prof effing the popish religion, by any deed or will, except such deed, within six months after, the date, and such will, within six months after the death of the testator, Should be inroiled in one of the King's courts of record at Westminster, or else within the same county or counties wherein the manors, lands, and tenements lie, in such manner as therein for that purpefe is particularly directed: and whereas by several acts of parliament made in the tenth year of his said late Majesty's reign, and in the third, sixth, ninth, eleventh, twelfth, fix t cent b, and nineteenth years of the reign of his present Majesty, it was enacted, That every deed and will which bad been then made since the

z$6 Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 2 i.

[1758.

twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and Seventeen, in order to pass, alter, or change, any manors, lands, teguments, or hereditaments, or any intere/l therein, or relit or prefit thereout, from any papiji or person professing the popish religion, though not then inrolled, Should be as good and effectualiu the law, os the Tame would have been in case the said deeds and wills bad been enrolled within the time limited, bt the said clause in the said fist-mentioned act, for inrollment thereof, provided, the fend deeds and wills Should be inrolled on or before the respective times in the said several acts respectively mentioned, in such manner as by the JaidfirJl- % 0 Geo. 2. mentioned ail was directed: and whereas by another ail made in the twenty sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, it was enabled, That every deed and will made fwce the first day of December, one thousand seven hundred and forty six, in order to pass, alter, or change, any manors, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or any i$te-rest therein, or any relit or profit thereout, from any papiji or person professing the topljh religion, to any protestant or protestants, or by reason oj which deed or will any protestant or protestants may claim or derive any legal, equitable, or other interest whatsoever, to his* her, or their use, for his, her, or their benefit, or to the use or benefit of any other protestant or protestants, though not inrolled, or not inrolled in due time, Should be as good and effectual in the law, as the same would have been in ease the said deeds and wills had been infilled within the times limited by the said clauses, in the said acts for tie inrolment thereof, provided the same deeds and wills Should.be inrolled on or before the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and fifty four, in such manner as by the said clause in the said first-and 2$ Geo. 2. mentioned act is directed: and whereas by an act made in the twenty eighth year of the reign of his present Majesty, it was enabled# fbft every deed and will made since the twenty ninth day of September* one thousand seven hundred and seventeen, in order to pass, alterrer* change, any manors, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or easy)* terest therein, or any relit or profit thereout, from any papiji or.pqr* fin professing the popish religion, to any protestant or protestants, joe by or by^ reason of which deed or will, any protestant orproteftaufi may claim or derive any legal, equitable, or other inter ft wfaftfiver* to his, her, or their use, for his, her, or their benefit, fir to thy ujc, or benefit of any other protestant or protestants, though not inrolledjn due time, Should be as good and effectualin the law, as the same would'have been in case the said deeds and wills had been inrolled within the times limited by the said clauses, in the said acts for the inrollment thereof, provided the same deeds and wills Should be inrolled, on or before the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and fifty six, in such manlier as by the said clause in the said first-mentioned act is directed; be it enacted by the King's most excellent, majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament a(Iem- Further time bled, and by the authority of the same, That every deed and gIlrndrd" mac*e ^ince twenty ninth day of September, one thou-

and^ilhof ^anc* seven hundred and seventeen, in order to pass, alter, or papists till change, any manors, lands, tenements, or hereditaments^ or any 1 Jan. 1759. interest

1758.] Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 21. 257

*ntcrcft therein, or any relit or profit thereout, from any papist or person professing the popish religion, to any protestant or protestants, or by or by reason of which deed or will, any protestant or protestants tnay claini or derive arty legal, equitable, or other inttreft whatsoever, to his, her, or their use, for his, her, or their benefit, or to the use or benefit of any other protestant or protestants, though not inrolled, or not inrolled in due time, shall be as good and effectual in the law, as the same would have been in' case the said deeds and wills had been in-tolled within the times limited by the said clauses, in the said tf&s for the inrollment thereof, provided the same deeds and wills shall be inrolled on or before the first day of January, one thousand seven hundred and fifty nine, in such manner as by the said dause in the said first-mentioned act is directed.

II. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall No deed, will,

extend, or be construed to extend, to make good any such deed, or lease made will, or lease, already made and not inrolled, of the want of S?*1 hereby, inrolment whereof advantage shall have been taken, on or before vantage has the first day of January one thousand seven hundred and fifty been taken of eight, but every such deed, will, or lease, shall remainof such force the non inrol-and effect only, as the same would have had if this act had ne- thcj'cof ver been made, and of none other force and effect. 1758^ 1

III. And whereas many purchases made by protestants, may purchasea be in danger of being impeached or called in question, in regard made by pro-that some deeds or wills, through which the title thereto is de-

riVed, ought to have been inrolled according to the said acts, no but have not been so inrolled; be it therefore further enacted has been taken by the authority aforesaid, That no purchase made for full and for oon-inroll valuable consideration of any manors, messuages, lands, tene- ment* ments, or hereditaments, or of any interest therein, by any protestant or protestants, and meerly and only for the benefit or the protestants, shall be impeached or avoided, for or by reason that any deed or will through which the title thereto is derived,

Bath not been inrolled as required by the said acts, so as no advantage was taken of inrollment thereof, before such purchase was made, and fb as n6 decree or judgement hath been obtained for want of the inrolment of such deeds or wills.

IV. Provided also, That nothing herein contained, shall ex- No grant,

tend or be construed to extend, to make good anfy grant, lease, lease, orraoru or mortgage, of the advowson, or right of presentation, colla- or-

tton, nomination, or donation, of and to any benefice, prebend, right of pre-; or ecclesiastical living, school, hospital, or donative, or any a- fentation to a voidance thereof, made by any papist or person professing the living, &c. popish religion, in trust, directly or indirectly, mediately or im- papist in S mediately, by or for any such papist or person professing the tobe popish religion, whether such trust hath been declared by wri-hereby deem, ting or not. ed good.

Vol. XXII.

[Preamble.]

Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c.*z.

CAP. xm

An act for granting to his Majesty several rates ind dotftfa upon offices and persons \ and upon houses; andttpdl tdik- dows of lights, and for raising the sum of five mUtieuf fa annuities, and a lottery, to be charged on the said ns(aa^astd duties.

Meji graamti Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal fut^c€Ls

commons ot Great Britain, in parliament a % mhleo» Jb?r ing desirous, by the most easy and effectual ways and means* to raise such supplies as are necessary for the prosecution of thepre*? sent war, and for enabling your Majesty, at the end tbqrcmttQ establish a good and lading peace, have, for that end and ppr* pose, given and granted, and, by this present act, do give aM grant, unto your Majesty, the several and respective dimes, ipi* portions, and sums of money, following, as well for and «pw all salaries, lees, and perquintes, of offices and employ ntcpUitt Great Britain, and on all pensions and other gratuities payable out of any revenues belonging to your Majesty in Great Britain» exceeding the value of one hundred pounds per tmaeun, asfof and upon Rich houses, and windows or lights, as ane hereto after mentioned$ and do most humbly beseech your Majesty tW it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Kong's most expel* lent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present ment assembled, and by the authority of the same, That front and after the fifth dav of April, one thousand seven hundred and fifty eight, there mail be yearly raised, levied, and pai<L por to his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, the sum of ope Aifiing, over and above all other duties already charged or payables fof ^.11 IHv.iWyery twenty idlings of the yearly value or amount of aft ofpm^pen- rics> fees, and perquisites, incident Onto, car received fort«ip (ions, and gra- respect of, all offices and employments of profit in Gr/atBp*-tuitiet, ex- tain; and the like sum of oqe shilling for every twenty u*II- ceeding ioou jngS> ^f ^j] penfoas and other gratuities payable out p( apyrpf tTp«Mvprr venU€ belonging to his Majesty in Great Britain*, exceeding J fie pouS., t value of bne hundred pounds per annum.

X) t on such And ^or l*ie better raising^ levying, and receiving*

asUaJc°j?ayable several sums of money and duties hereby charged for at £ke exebe- the said offices and employments of profit; and for^ quer, tobede- the penflqns and gratuities aforesaidj and for the tppre^ dndedand putting of this oft. in execution in reference toethe fan by.£\. nereby declared and eoacted, That a deductipp shallJ ccct r f the said sum of one (hilliqg out of every ty^Pty so

payable for, of in respect of, the salary, wages/or tepa* of any offices and employments payable by the crown ia Great Britain, which exceed one hundred pounds per annum; and for or in re-(pedfc of any pension or gratuity which is or shall be payable out of any revenue belonging to his Majesty in Great Britqto c^cpcd* ing the value of one hundred pounds per annum* ind that the

Employments

tfsfii] Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. ir.

money so deducted by the officer* of his Majesty's exchequer in and such'as England, shall remain there for the purposes herein after decla- Jit.*1*" red* and such pert of the said money as shall be so deducted by t£er pu^]j^ any officer or officers of the dutchies of and Cornwall, offices, to be

or by any other of, officers, and persons, by. whom paid over into the said nlanes, wages, fees, pensions, and gratuities, are or shalltbe exche*.be respectivefe payable in England, shall be by them paid into and Vuch as the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer at; and such diail be de-

Srt of the said money as shall be so deduced by any of the of- du&ed in era of the court of exchequer in Scotland, or by any commifli- Scotl*Dd> onem, officers, or other persons, by whom the said salaries, wa- to be paid to ges, fees, pensions, and gratuities, are or shall be respectively the receiver-payable in Scotland, shall be paid at the city of Edinburgh, to such f^bureh person or persons as the of of the treasury, or the s

high treasurer of Great Britain for the time being, shall consti- ?nd by him tute and appoint to be receiver-general, or receivers thereof, for chequer at* his Majesty's life; which laid general receiver or receivers shall Westminster. pay the same into the receipt of his Majesty.'s exchequer at West- officer* of the minster; and the officers of the exchequer are hcrehy directed exchequer to and required to keep separate and distinct accounts of all sums §?£

of money by them respectively retained or received, for or in tit>a account nespect of the said duty on offices, and on pensions and other of the money gratuities, by virtue of this act, in order that the same may be retained and applied to the purposes in this act mentioned, and to and for no them, other use cur purpose whatsoever.

III. And whereas the profits of several offices and employments in Profits of offi-

Great Britain, arise in the whole, or in part, from cesrobeconr-

which an due and payable in the towrfe of office; it is hereby fur- as they were^ ther enacted, That such part of the sums of money hereby rated to the granted, as are payable for or in respect of the profits of any last land tax* office or employment, in any part of England, Wales and Berr wick upon Tweed, which arise from such perquisites, shall be computed, raised, levied, and paid, according to the annual value at which such profits stand valued and rated in the last afleffi> mem to the land tax.

IV. Provided always, That such profits arising from such profits to be perquisites as aforesaid, shall be deemed and taken to have been deemed rated valued and rated in fitch last assessment to the land, tax, at so to tbf, x"d much only, as the entire sum, at which any such office was va- much only as lued and rated in the said assessment, does exceed the amount of the entire Tam the fekiry, wages, or fees, payable as aforesaid, in respect of the charged ex-feme office. ceedsthefela-

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Thatry" for the better rating, ordering, levying, and collecting, of the duty by this act charged upon such perquisites of such of the Commission-said offices or employments as are in that part of Great Britain ers of the land caHed England, Wales, and Berwick upon Tweed j and for the to put _ more effectual putting of this act in execution, in reference to the same; the of of the land tax for the time being, tien as relates within the several counties, cities, boroughs, cinque ports, to the duties towns, and places, of England, Wales, and town of Berwick up- uP°n E*3ui" on Tweed, shall be of for putting so much of this"te

S 2 act

zSo f Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 22. [[175*.

aft in execution, as relates to the duty hereby*ehafgedxjpon the perquisite&of offices. f*; 03 in?.new

Commission*

VI. And be it further enacted and declared* Thatfche fawral ^befre^d0*1 of aforesaid, shall meet together at jthe imaftaafari July yearly j 'anc^ common places of meeting ifeitbm each of the said doahtntf, ^ridings, cities, boroughs, cinque ports, towns, and!placed respectively, within England, Wales*, and town of S/niM Tweed, for which they are appointed of as ^fontftsd, yearly on or before the third day of July, and afteriarirds in kkc manner, as often as it shall be necessary for putting To much of this act in execution, as is hereby committed to thdirloare and and (bbdivide charge; and the said of, or so many of them as shall themfclfci, be present at such meeting or meetings, or tht minor part of them, are hereby authorized and required, to put iomtsehas aforesaid, of this present act in execution, and also, if thty fee cause, subdivide and distribute themselves* mi the^other of not then present, into less numbers, so as three or more of the said of may be appointed for tile Service of each hundred, lathe, wapentake, rape, ward* or other division, as may bed conduce to the carrying or his Majesty's services, hereby required; nevertheless, not thereby to restraia the said of, or any of them, firomafting ascommissioners in any other part of the county or place for which they Commission- are appointed: and the said of, within the ievend ers at their, hundreds, lathes, wapentakes, rapes, wards, or other dWifions, trithiii m Wales, and BervHck upon Tweed, or any two or more

htdayl of them, are hereby authorized and required at such general auerv ta rate meeting, or within eight days after, according tq the iboft of the amount of their judgements and discretions, to ascertain and set down in abtedUnairay wr*ting>n a rate to be prepared by them for that purpose, the oftcesandem- '^nount of the said duty of one shilling in the pound, to be paid ploymeat# of -in pursuance of this act, by all of or otherofficers, profit, in pro- their clerks, agents, secondaries, substitutes, andptheij inferior portion to the -ori Riders and persons whatsoever, having, using, or^m^ri^ng they^stand Ch aQYe offices or employments, the falaiy,; wagp§* rated to the and perquifoes whereof, exceed the value of onehucdiedpounds last land tax. peratmum\ within their respective hundreds, lathes,; wapentakes, rapes, wards, or other divisions, in proportion to* value, at which the profits of such offices or eftvptay^epftvre-spectively (land valued and rated, in the last land tax, for the said respective hundreds and divi{i?t}s fcfpec*-/*; ' k tively: and to the end the aforesaid duty on such perquifit^stif offices and employments maybe duly collected, ^apd trueao t jcourits thereof made, the said of, ona^y thrceor

tfiqlKeaw more of them, are hereby required and ordered, witfiin the jtime thereof to be above limited* to sign and tori two duplicates of nates

byffiein and hereby difefted to be made by them, and one of them0 delir one delivered ver, 9* wifeq be delivered, to such persons as ihaUtJt^ be to the collec- collators < of; she land tax for each parish and piac^, pr.(ut^i for», &c. with other two or more honest and mfponfiblepersonsa vyftck wtkfting wraniffwtocK shall at their discretion nominate pqiat* Xq

*75* !] Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 12.

beoolkftofs of tfais present doty* for each parish or place, with warrant to the collectors to collect the sums contained in such rate*, rd^edfvely payable as aforesaid, so asr the said several fimwmary b6 paid to the receiver general at the respective times'herein limited; and if any person or persons shall think himself b/bo-or thoriffl tea aggrieved, by being over-rated by the said com*- fng over rated, royfiotiers, ft shall and may be lawful to and for such person or may appeal to persond* to appeal from the same to the barons of his Majesty's bar°n# ot cobrt of Exchequer, and the batons of the said court, or any one "c cxc cquer or (none of them, is and are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine all such appeals, on or before the JaR day of Afichadmes term yearly; and the said collectors are hereby re- Collectors to qufred, njpon the application of any person or persons who shall permit wfpcc* thihfc himself or themselves over-rated to the said rates, to per-tlon of the "Wilt such person or ersons, or their Rewards or bailiffs, or other rates* proper fepfrefentatives, to irrfbeft the duplicates of such rates, upon the division or diRrift ot which he is collector, at all seasonable times in the day, without any fee or reward for the same J and every person so intending to appeal to the said ba- Notice to be rons, shall, ' and he is hereby required to give notice thereof in S, vcn them writing, to one or more of the collectors of the parish wherein iptpe"t}, #on to he is rated, of such his intention to appeal; and it is hereby AppeaJs'once declared, that all appeals once heard and determined by the said heard and debarons, or any one or more Of them, shall be final, without any terminedmbb ftrtther appeal upon any pretence whatsoever: and the said of are hereby required to deliver, or cause to be delivered, a schedule of duplicate in parchment, under their hands and Jhe rate tube foals, fairly written, containing the whole sum rated within each delivered parish or place, unto the receiver general of each county, riding, the recewrer city, borough* town, and place respectively, in England, Wales, and Berwick upon Tweed, or his deputy; and shall transmit, or membrancer'a cause to be transmitted, a like schedule or duplicate into the ojjce*

King's remembrancer's office of the exchequer; and this the by said chitmfissioners shall cause to be done, upon or before the day pfHifcry first day of Hilary Term, or within twenty days after (all appeals Term, pr* being first determined) for which duplicates the remembrancer, days t*r his deputy, shall give to the person who brings the same, a determined) receipt in writing gratis.

VII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the Duty to be ftid duty by this act imposed upon offices or employments with- raised, collect-iri that part of the kingdom of Great Britain called England, fn like^mau-Water, znd Berwick upon Tweed, as aforesaid, shall in all re- erf anTwith spect*, (ftve as is herein otherwise enacted and provided) be such allow-taised, le\4ed, collected, and paid into his Majesty's exchequer,nce«, and fSrthe'purpde in this act expressed, in such and ro like form and marineri, bnd with such allowances, and under such penal- ^Tand ties, forfeitures, and disabilities, and according to such rules, tax of this methods, and directions, as are prescribed or appointed for rai- (cfliori.

Zing, levying, collecting, and paying the aid cotnmonly called The Land Tax within England, WdUs, and Berwick upon Tweed, jfi irid-by^an act of parliament made and passed in this present

S3

session

6t Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. iu [i

session of parliament, intituled An act for granting an aid to Ms Myejly by a land tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the fervid of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty eight; and for enforcing the foment of the rates to be assessedupon Somerset Houfd.in the Strand; and all and every the powers, authorities, rules* directions, penalties, forfeitures, clauses, matters, and things contained in the said act, for the raising, levying, collecting, and paying the rates or duties thereby granted, within England* fPales, or Berwick upon Tweed, ffo far forth as the same arc not with respect to the auties granted by this present act varied and altered) shall be in full force, and be duly observed, practised, and put in execution, for raising, levying, collecting, and paying the said duty by this act imposed on offices and, employments, within England, Wales, and Berwick upon Tweed, as fully and effectually to all intents and purposes, as if the same or the like powers, authorities, rules, directions; penalties, forfeitures^ clauses, matters, and things* were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the body of this present act.

Their royal

VIII. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That this highneifcs the act, or any thine herein contained, Ih^U not charge or be con-^orvvale^T" ^ruc^to char|e her royal highness the princess dowager of iVcdcs, and°prince of or his royal highness the prince of Waksy with the above men-Wales, not tioneddutyor paymentofone shilling out of every twenty shillings,

chargeable, by the year, for or in respect of any sums of money or annuities given or granted by his Majesty to their said royal nighnestes, or nor their offi-bc officers or servants attending their persons; but that such foms cers or fer- " of money and annuities, and their royal highnesses, and their vents j treasurers, or receivers general for the time being, shall 1>e free

and clear of all taxes, impositions, and other publick charges whatsoever; any thing in this or any former act to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding. nor his royal be lt ^urther by the authority aforesaid,

highness the That this act, or any thing herein contained, shall not charge duke of Cunt- or be construed, deemed, or taken, to charge his royal highness beriand, nor the duke of Cumberland, or her royal highnessthe prmcefs royal, reya^nor or hcr roYa* highness the princeb Ameticy or the officers or fer-princeft Ame- vaots attending their persons, with the above mentioned duty or £a* payment of one shilling out of every twenty shillings, by the

year, for or in respect of any annuities or yearly payments granted or to be granted by his Majesty to their said royal high* f nestes, and their servants, for the time being, in respect of the same; but that such sums of money or annuities, shall be free and clear from all taxes, impositions, and other charges whatsoever.

_ X. Provided always, ind be it further enacted and declared

offic^andem- by authority aforesaid, That for the avoiding all obstruCfioiH, ployments to an^ delays in collecting the duty by this act to be rated upon the pay where perquisites of any offices or employments, the same shall pay 4{id

Iaft affcised. be rated in such county, hundred, rape, wapentake, constable-wick, divssion, or place of allotment, within England, tVatkifnn^ Berwick upon Tweed, in which the same were last assessed, and not elsewhere. '

Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 29. «6

XI. And be it further enacted, That the first half-yearly First half year*

payment of the ia^d assessment* for England. Walts, and town of {£ to

Benu'uk upon Iwttd, shall be levied, collected, and paid unto the to°Oe-

receivera general of the said foveral counties, cities, and other tober, and the places^ w]ho shall be appointed as aforesaid, on or before the lattow or lw-tenth day, of OMdbtryearly* and the last of the said half yearly fore 5 April

payments, pa or before the fifth day of April yearly. year y'

XII. And, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Rece; yer_ene

That >fwry receiver general in England, and Btnuick i within a

a 'panTwittd, from time to time, within the space of one month month after nez^jafter he shall have received the full sum that shall be Cff.tj.vin8, the charged within any hundred or division, for such particular pay- yjj* t^ivetilfe ment that is to be made to such receiver general by virtue of commHIioners this act, shallgiveto such commissionersas Ihalladt in such division a- receipt.

or hundred, a receipt under his hand and foal, acknowledging the receipt of the full sum charged within such hundred or mvi-fiort, for such particular payments; which receipt shall be a full w|1jcj1 (j, au discharge to each hundred or division, for such particular pay- afolldischarge ment, against his Majesty, his heirs, and successors; which said for payment i receiver general are hereby required forthwith, or at furthelt Receiver* ge- % within twenty days after the receiptof any money of the taxes or ner?*w, thm duties by this act granted, to transmit or cause to be paid the moofy by diem received into the receipt of his Majesty's to the exchc. exchequer. quer.

XDl. And be it further enacted, That if. any collector of any

nailfh pr place in England, Walts, or Berwick upm Twttd, shall keep'ing the keq> in his h % nds any part of the money by him collected for money in their any longer time than is by this act directed (other than the al- hands, or pay-lowaoce made unto him by this act) or shall pay any part thereof "VS h other-lo any person or persons other than the receiver general of fuen ? receiver county or place, or to his respective deputy, that every such col- general forfeit le&or shall forfeit for every such offence, the sum of forty pounds; 40). and in c$fo any receiver general of any part of England, Worn, _ px Btjviil iipM Tjottd, or his deputy, shall pay any part of the monies.paid to him or them by any collector by virtue of this 90, ^any person or persons whatsoever, other than into the

Receipt of, his Majesty's exchequer, and at or within the respe0hrc

tb| qigh treasurer, of of the treasury, or under trea- the money filter, for tip time being, or upon any tally of pro, or tally of an- ^J'*j., cetxh*n fiapatum, or other way or device whatsoever, whereby to divert chequer, fan dir hinder the a(ftual payment thereof into the receipt of the ex- feit 500U chfiqupr, #as. aforesaid, then every such receiver general shall, tea fjyeiy finch offence of himfols, or his deputy, forfeit the sum offive hundred pounds to: him or them that shall sue for the j^poeip any court of record, by bill, plaint, or information; wherein no efibin, protection, or wager of law, is to be allowed.

Cj.jXIV- yfiind.be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

I^ jfjwwiflw^as of th* JWPty fa* % tjme being, for §4 put-

6+ Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. Cjf'ttit*

Commissioners putting hi execution any act for rtnfing the aid coihthonly ddM uxhTscS- ^NfCeft or Land Tax, within the feteral shires of Scotland, <k to put such of thfcm Who have qualified, or shall qualify thefflfehreS; thi« aft in ex. according tdihe laws of $cotiand\x\ that behalf, (haM becommif- I ecution there; fioness for ordering, raising, and levying, the duty hereby granted on the perquisites of offices and employments, exercised Within the same shires, or within any boroughs within the same respectively; which said of mall put in execution this present act, and the powers therein contained. Withinnd for the same shires and boroughs respectively; and the Aid dote-missioners have hereby power to chuse their own clerk, and t6 do every thing concerning the said supply, as is prescribed and according to appointed by the cess act of the sixth of November; one thousand an ce* ^of^even hundred and six, and other acts made in any formefr^ar-&c. 0? 17 # liament of Scotland, to which the said act of thefi*tl)df November, One thousand seven hundred and six, doth relate, holding the same as if herein repeated.

Execution to

XV. And it is hereby further enacted, That execution fttafl be done h* by be done in Scotland for bringing the said duty to be raiftd there, ^fk-K is ass Prov^e<^ by the same acts in all points not altered by this pjrecri e.a#. an(j tj, at tjlc fjrft meeting of the said commissiorters for

so^'at^he2 ^, rCS 'n Scotland, shall be at the respective head burghs thereof, headCburghsbc fccopd Monday in July in every year; and that the (herilR, on the second or their deputies, do intimate the lame to the said commissioneii Monday in Ju- of their shires, with power to the find of, to appoint ly yearly, See. subsequent diets of their meetings, and their convenors, from tithe to time; and also to appoint collectors, with such cautiod as they shall think fit. 4

AUclanfesin

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority fcforefirtd, former acts re> That all clauses contained in former acts of parliament of Seotldmk lating to the and convention of estates there, in relation to the bringing iff of bernS&gTtl?€*lc cc^s' aiu' <luarter*ng> and touching riding money, mall (land be m forcea* iTt force» as to the supply now imposed upon Scotland) aw If to the supply they were herein expressed, and as they were observed before the herrihgranted pakine this act. j, <

Cferkt of the

XVII. And it is hereby further enacted, That the dftktrf IherilTs court the sheriff'i court in each Shire in Scotland, shall yearly on or hfefote to deliver ye^r- the tenth day of June, deliver to the said commissioness of ibppty forego June ^or ^ch a true and exact lift of all and every office of etri-

to the*commis-P*°yment profit* exercised in such Shire, and evtiy'burgh* fiohers, within the same; and also do, and shall, within the time srfbr^ c!udeliver, or cause to be delivered, a duplicate of fatit'lift^ to deputy remembrancer of his Majesty's court of Rxtbeytui and adupli- Scotland; and in case any clerk of the sheriff'i coprishall ttegteft

rate thereof to deliver such lift, or the duplicate thereof, within the tforW the deputy re- herein before mentioned, or shall wilfully omit out of such lifts* mehibrancer ar the duplicate thereof, any office or employment that ought to °«er'have been irifCrted therein, he shall, for every such ofiekrte, 'fbt^ on penalty of fek the sum of fifty pounds sterling.'r

56terr.fr; r

XVIII. And if is forth?;: enacted, That the said domrniffiWerj rsd rri; m in tb6i>-(hires do, and shall yearly on orkefonfr-Tfin 9djtently

*75 & 1 Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. Ci29. 265

tenth day ($f Jnbt (according to the heft of their judgments and Comnnflteier* discretions, ascertain, and, Wl down >n writing, in a rate or assess- " ^lywariv meat to he prepared by thitm, for that purpose, the annual value torwetha im! of all and>query office and ^employment, exercised in such Shire, nu»l value of and in every burgh within the same; and do therein rate and* officssand assess the iaidfum of one shilling for every twenty shillings of aJJ^dTsTn* the annual value thereof, on the officers and persons who then J!r ^u'nd, do, or shall execute any such office or- employment, the salary, all mch a» fees i and perqu£tc$ of office whereof, exceed one hundred shall exceed pounds per annum; and in case the said of of supply 1001 P*r an* for any Shire in Scotland* shall negjed to make such rate and af- o^ommiffi- (efifnent, within the time herein before limited for that purpose, oners neglect, in that case, the sheriff depute of the county, shall, and is hereby flwriff depute required, on or before the twenty fifth day of July* yearly, ac- totake, "ctl cording tp>the best of his judgment and discretion, to make andrat0* perfect such rate or assessment in writing; and a note of the said Note of t]M respective rates or assessments, shall, within six days after the rate, within making and perfecting thereof, be lodged by the clerk of the 6 da after commissioners, or the said sheriff depute respectively, in thef hands of the collector of the cess or land tax, for the time being, {he colleSor l° fop each county or burgh within Scotland, who shall be, and is of thelandtax. hereby appointed, impowered, and required, to be collector thereof; and every such collector of the cefe or land tax, and his cautioners, or security, shall be bound ipfi, by virtue of boo d in this act, for the due and faithful performance by such collector, penalty for the of all part of the duty of the office hereby committed to him in faithful per-respect of the said rates and assessments, and that under the penalty formance °* of one hundred pounds sterling; and that every such collector of "J* the cess, shall be intitled to have an allowance from the receiver general of the sum of three pence per pound of the money by tfce pound for him collected and paid over to such receiver general; and the their trouble, persons (b rated and charged with the said duty on their respective offices and employments, shall, by themselves, or others for their-behoof, pay in the duty with which they werecharged, <on pr before the tenth day of October* yearly, for the half year be- Duty to be twtxt Whi\fimdaj and Martinmas, and on or before the fifth day paid half year of April, yearly, for the half year betwixt Martinmas and Whit- jy. on °rbe-fimday, to the collector of the cess, personally, or at his office by him held fop: the receiving the land tax; unless such person shall pra^ '*; enter an appeal against the assessment made, in which case such except ia exappeal shall be diseufled before payment, in manner herein after appeal, provided; and ip case of appeal. Inch payment shall be made and |j)ef)vv; th, within ten days after difeuffing or difiniffing such appeal, in the; n lo d, y, & manner herein after provided; and that every person so rated ter bearing aodassessed, shall, in case of his not paying in the duties with, he which he is charged, to the collector of the cess, upon the day npeft'which he is hereby appointed to pay the same, or within °J? fodyfow* three days after, forfeit treble the value and extent of the duty j>ue{"W£*"

with which he stands charged.*.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be, in the Appeal may power qftbepersons liable to, and assessed forjtho duty, afqrafeid, be made in be-

0

*66 Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. p,?,

fabject, or of in case they shall conceive th^oifelve^ to beiniueed J^y.the th* h^Wn'f mentn^ charge made upon them by the (aia commissionex* of the exchequer. fapptyor A* depute} or to the colleaors, or any ottoredU cer of the crown, if he shall judge the crownto.be u^, oy the All appeal* to assessment or charge made determined on or before

Vcr oi me uukii, it 11c uwujuu^c uic wuwu iu.uc m

assessment or charge made: to appeal to the taronsx of exchequer in Scotland, who are to determine finallyj

becourt

upH^p-

Notke to be his house, by the collector by him (elf, or fipme othca- pejrWfiwlr feftor of the*8 on behalf, deliver, or cause to be delivered, io the c^le&or intention and of the ccfs, at his office, a note In writing of the wfpngor^griev* cauft of ap- ance of which such person complains, and thereof b^T£baLU b* peal j minded to seek red refs by appeal* and such colle&of is hereby

an*en trvthere- f° ma*t€ an tntTY* to^k*pt ty kim ^or purpose of

anen rv cr - g|vcn |0 him*

an entry there of.

Appeal if not

XX. And be it further enacted, That in case the partygiving prolecr*"' -r----- T----- /1--"-rv "

prosecuted within due time.

£udh potico of an appeal or complaint, shall neglect to inlU* thereon before the said barons within the time before Cmited, then and in that case such complaint or appeal shall be held to be fallen from, and the charge or assessment therein referred-or if the assess- shall stand in full forces and in all cases of appeals fallen from, »"* or upon hearing whereof the said barons shall not vary the rate, armed, the barons shall and may order the appellant to pay to the coilec* appellant for. for any sum not exceeding twenty shillings lterling, as they (halt feitt to the think proper, as and for the cods he may have been at by re^foa collector zot. of such appeal.

Duty to be

XXI. And it is hereby enacted by the authority qfor^Ciid, paid where That every person rated or assessed for any office or employment the offices are in Scotland, shall be rated, and pay for his said office or employ?, exercised j ment in the Shire where the same shall be exercised, afrjyaug)/!

the revenue or profits arising by such office or employmet^t ^f payable elsewhere..., 1,

XXII. And it is hereby declared and enacted by (he atjthor^y aforesaid, That the money imposed on offices and employments! in Scotland, be raised in Scotland in the respective shires, stewaf? tries, cities, and boroughs, free of all charges to his Majesty, save as is herein before mentioned { and shall in like manner be paid at the city of Edinburgh, to such person or persons qsfhe cei.er general of of tire treasury, or the high treawrer of Great at Edinburgh, Britain for the time being, shall confiitute and appoint to.Jbe

an <Tby him receiver general or receivers thereof, for his Majesty's ufc which th* <x* laid general receiver or receivers shall be answerable and account? chequer. able for the (ameto his Majesty in the exchequer.

Where two or

XXIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, TI»a? more offices, where any person shall have, use, or exercise, two or more offi? exceeding to- ces or employments in any part of Great Britain, the /alary and getbar soot, perquisites whereof together exceed the sum ofonehundredpousd* exerdfed*year, that Person shall be rated and liable tq pay the (qift one person, him of one shilling in the pound for the profits of such offices such person is and employments, notwith(Un<}it»g the salary and peranifitea^t

to pay IS. per '

and to be raised free of all charges, other than as before allowed, and to be paid to the re-

1758.] Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. cat.6?

no one of the said offices are of the value of one hundred pounds pound for the per annum. fame-

XXIV. Provided always, That nothing in this act contained Military offi-Shall extend, or be connrued to extend, to the pay of com- oers, &c.oftb« mission or non-commission officers or private men serving in the army or navy, navy or army. exempted

?roTd^, alway5& Th-ai no cof the land tax tn Engkmd, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, or commissioner holding offices of the supply in Scotland, who shall be possessed of any office of liable to be employment subject and liable to the duty hereby imposed, shall rated,? fit, or aft, or any way interfere in rating his own office or em- the rating UD ployment, but shall withdraw until the rating thereof be settled thereof be and determined by the rest of the of then present; settled by the and in default thereof the rest of the of then presentreft of the shall have power, and are hereby required to impose such fine c°'nauflu, nerH or fines as to them shall be thought fit, upon such commissioner (o refuting to withdraw, or acting in his own cause, not exceeding.,

one hundred pounds sterling; and cause the same to be levied and paid as other fines and forfeiture! to be imposed by virtue of this act are to be levied and paid in England and Scotland re-

l|lvCUvCly.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That in all cases where any fees, salaries, wages, or other allowances or profits on any offices or on£ee* employments of profit charged by this act, shall be payable at the not paidfmay receipt of the exchequer, or by the cofferer of his Majesty's hous- be stopt at the hold, or out of any other publick office, or by any of his Majesty's publick offices, recovers or paymasters in Great Britain, the duty or payment which, in pursuance of this act, shall be charged for or in respect of such offices or employments, shall and may (in calc of nonpayment thereof) be detained and (topped out of the same, or out of any money which shall be paid upon such fees, ialaries, wages, allowances, or profits, or for arrears thereof, and be ap- A true account plied to the satisfaction of the duties not otherwise paid asto be kept of aforesaid; and the proper officers in the said exchequer, and ^'l"*5^ other the publick offices aforesaid, shall keep true accounts of all pie, thereof to monies (topped, and (upon request) shall give copies of such be given to the accounts to the proper colledorsof such monies for the respective colicftor*, if parifttes or places where the said monies are rated by this act. required.

XXVII. And whereas divers offices and employments of profit chargeable by this oil are executed by deputy, and the principal officers living in places remote from the division, parish, or place, where such offices or employments are taxable, the rates and ajfefimentt for such particular offices and employments cannot be recovered without great

charge and difficulty, be it therefore enacted by the authority Deputies to aforesaid, That where any office or employment of profit pay for prin-chargeable by this act, is or shall be executed by deputy, such cipals; and on pepury shall pay such assessment as shall be charged thereon, and "JTKSaSe^o dedud the same out of the profits of such office or employment; and in case of refusal or non-payment thereof, such deputy (halt be liable to such distrefi, as by this act is prescribed against any having and ertjoyiqg afiy ofice or employment of profit,

Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. vb. f 2758

and to all other remedies and penalties therein rdbedfady ootu tained.

XXVIIF. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the authority afbicfeid, That there shall be provided and kept h % his Majesty's exchequer (that r$ to say) in the office of fbe auditor of the receipt, one book of register, in which all the money that shall be paid into the exchequer for the duties on offices and pensions hereby granted, shall be entered and registered apart from all other monies paid and payable to his

Separate account to be kept of the money paid into the exchequer for duties on offices and pen* and distinct lions. Majesty.

Penalties, tri-

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That all penalties, trfeble pie values, values, and forfeitures, incurred by virtue of this atft in Seetkm^ and forfeitures shall be recovered at the suit of the respective collectors by dish Scotland, to draining or poynding, according to the forms of the law of St<KlanJ % upon warrants to be granted and fabferibed by any two of thb <alc of for supply, or by the sheriff, or depute sheriff, of the county from whom such warrant shall be required, and they arediereby respectively required to grant the same under the penalty of ten pounds sterling toties quoties, upon certificate itiftdfc to them, or either of them, by the collector of the ceft, that such penalties or forfeitures are incurred, and such duties resting and not duly paid; which warrants shall be executed by DWrefsto be the constables or sheriff officers of the county; and the goods mppraiiea, Vc. Of cflpc's so'poynded or distrained shall be valued ants appraised by any two persons to be appointed by the sheriff officer, of Chii* stable, to value and appraise such goods; which two persona shall be obliged to value the same, under the penalty of forty flliffr mgs sterling for each neglect or refofal; and which valuattati fhiH be made upon the ground, or at the house, where the same Wrerb poynded and distrained, and may and shall be sold arnf disposed of at the value by the officer or constable who dobs pb^nd or.distrain the same 5 and the value to be applied, in the fifftpface, the p^tks°f to t*le an<* payment of the duty, triple Value, o

penalty, owing by the person whose goods are so pbynded ? and, ' ift the second place, to the payment for the trouble of the officer of constable so poynding, at the rate of two shillings (far pound of > the triple value, penalty, or forfeitures, for which the goeidS rfiall

be poynded or distrained, unless the owner from #hom thfe

warned n0t^amc were poynded or distrained, shall redeem the same by pay-whhin days, ment of the appraised value within the space of four days after to be sold. the poynding and valuation, to the officer who poytided the Surplus to be same; and in case any surplus shall remain of the prke orvklub* returned to the after payment of the penalty incurred, and after payment of what owntc.; s allowed to be retained by the officer or constable in {manner herein directed, such surplus shall be returned to the owner frbnrr Ifnopurcha. whom the goods were distrained; and in case no purefiafer or fen appear, buyer do appear at the said falb, that the said goods or effects so the poynded or distrained shall beconsigned and lodged in bhehartd

sheriff depute of the county, or his substitute; and if not puxci &c. redeemed by the owner within the space of four diyi after the?

onfignmeot of the hands of the said (htriff, that the lamb* shall

*75.] Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 22. 269

be rouped, fold, anddisposed of, by order of the sheriff, in such manner, and at such time and place, as he shall appoint; he al- who is ac-waysbebtg'liable to the payment of the triple value of the penalty countable to, or penakk^mctiitad, to the collector of the ctfs, and to the offi- the collector ocr or cortstable who shall have poynded the same, for their trouble*"r the* penal-Wjnd CKpence as above stated, in case the value of the goods foties and iee*. ibid shall amount to the extent of the penalties incurred, and to the fees due to the officer or constable; and shall be in the third, 8. pound place, intided to one shilling per pound of the value of the goods allowed to the so disposed of, for his own pains and trouble, after preferences^ for and allowance of the penalties, and of what i$ appointed to be'ou^ean<i paid to the officer or constable so poynding, the expence of.pre-pcn serving or maintaining the goods or cattle so poynded, during, the four days allowed to the owner to redeem them, and the expence of the sale; and in like manner the expence shall be allowed to< the sheriff for preferring and maintaining the goods or cattle distrained, during the fourdays that the owner is allowed to redeem after consignment in his hands, as also the expence of the feteu

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the officer or confta- Confhbfe to ble who shall difpbfc of fubh goods or cattle so poynded, distrained, Pay over the and fold, shall be bound to pay in the sums ayifitig from the 61c, in so fat as extends to the penalties for which the same werethe dfftreft91 poynded by the collector of the cess or land tax, within ten days within 10 after the feoeipt of the price, allowing always what is above al-days$j lowed for his own pains and expence; and that, in like manner, if the good* or cattle distrained shall be disposed of by the sheriff, as before directed, he shall, within fourdays after receipt of the after receipt price, be obliged to pay in the lame to the collector of the cess, thereof, after cfeduftion of what is appointed to be paid to the officer or constabl^ who made the poynding, and after deduction of what is above allowed to be retained by him for his own pains and expehce^atad shall remain liable to the collector of the cess, until';

payment, and subject to be poynded and distrained therefore, in the same manner as is above provided with regard to any person liable to penalties in.virtue of this act.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Rates charged That, from and after the fifth day of April one thousand sevenupon house*, hundred and fifty eight, there shall be charged, raised, levied, jwnd*«>.<^ and paid* unto his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, the several Ug l*rates and duties upon houses* windows, or lights, herein after-.mentioned* that* is to say,

For, and upon every dwelling-house inhabited, which now is, viz. is. addi» or hereafter shall be, erected within that part of Britomuonai duty called ^England, the pearly sum of one (hitting, aver and above the yearly sum of two shillings already Charged upon every such houfw^'sing* dwelling hpulcv: v*land,

And for and upon every dwalling-house > inhabited, t whichan<1. '^j, jR°n now hereafter shall be, erased within that Piofr^«<bo^e j»$oBt5 the yearly, funM>f We^&ifcngK^. land}

And

«7o Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. [1758.

and 66.addi< And far every windowor fight in every dwelling-bbufeirtlt*. tional duty for bited, or to be inhabited, within and throughout the whose or'^ebt in°W kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain fifteen windows every dwelling or lights, or upwards, the yearly fom of six pence for each window house contain- or light in such house, over and above, and by way 6f addition »ng*ij win- tQj t|, e several and telpeAtve duties charaeable thereupon; by owt, or more. virtue of sonner a(fts Of parliament made in that behalf;

The said duties.

XXXII. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That to be raif the said several duties by this act imposed, within and throughout the said kingdom of Great Britain, for and upon (ueh hotlfet, paid, at the, an<^ such windows or lights as aforesaid, shall be raised, levied, several act of collected, and paid, into his Majesty's exchequer, for the purposes in this act expressed, in such and like form and manner, and with such allowaoces, and under such penalties, forfeitures, and disabilities, and according to such rules, methods, and directions, os are prescribed or appointed for raising, levying, collecting, and paying, the duties on houses, windows, or lights, in and by two several acts of parliament made in die twentieth* Geo. s. year of his present Majesty's reign, the one, intituled An act for

reputing the several rates and duties upon houses, windows and tight', and for granting to his Maj other rates and duties vpen houses, windows, or lights$ and for faifing the sum of four millions fern hundred thousand pounds by annuities, to be (barged on the said rate or duties; and the other intituled An to enforce the execution of an act of this ftffton ef parlia to his Majesty

prescribe with* ratts and duties upon houfts, windows, or tights; end in aid respect to the by a certain other act of parliament, intituled An act duties thereby ing, amending, and further the execution ofan act passed in

Srante<1, the last session of parliament, intituled An act for repealing .(he fe-

vers! rates and duties upon hoases, windows, and ligMh; and for granting to bfc Majesty other rates and duties upon houses^ windows, or lights; and for raising the sum of fear millions four hundred thousand pounds by annuities, to be charged on the £|id rates or duties; and all and every the powers, authorities, rules, diractions, penalties, forfeitures, dairies, matters, and things now in force, contained in the said three several a efts of parliament, or any of them, for the raising, levying,-coUedting, 'and paying, the rates or duties thereby granted, shall be in full force, and be duly observed, practised, and put in execution, within and throughout the whole kingdom of Grut Britain, far raising, levying, collecting and paying the several rates and duties upon houses, windows, or lights, by this act granted, as folly and effectually to all intent* and purposes, as if the same or the like powers, authorities, rules, directions, penalties', forfeitures, dauses, matters, and things, were particularly repeated and ro-enacted In the body of this present act. C

XXXIII. Provided always, That no house or cottage in this part of Great Britain called Scotland, that has not more than five windows or lights, ftydl pay or be liable to gay the duty of one

House* in Scotland not having more than 5 win-

ed' from the*" 'foposed on each house by this present act.

duty on houses.

Geouqu U« c. 22. 271

XX£IY, _Ao^boit fattbw enabled by the authority rforefcid. The commissi-Tfot tl^jcqthmiffiopsrsi authorized for putting in execution the?J.

vm(ai4 fepr aOs, or eitftqrof them, for alland every the a6kaf e £0d reg)^yfl^opi^ie8, ftur«|r ftejgartries, ridings, aties, boroughs9meet on or aoaucf orfs, towns, and places ne(pe&i?ely, within Great Britain* before9 Ju-QuH meet together pt the most usual and common place of meet- [j'*. for putting ing, within such counties* shires, stew»rtries, ridings, cities, ecitioiu* boroughs, cinque ports, towns, and places respectively, within Grpaf Bri&fh on- or bsfam the; twenty ninth day of one t^i^(an4i/cwca.hundred and fifty eight; and shall then divide ueq^v/js to a£k in separate distrjeU, and proceed in the execution of this present act, forafiefling, raising, levying, and coliefling the duflet hereby granted, in such and the same manner, to all intents aqdpurposes, as is prescribed by the three former acts, or either of them, with respect to the rates and duties thereby

And be it further emded by the authority aforesaid*

That the several annuities which by this act shall be granted and made payable, with respecto the principal sum of five millions* Annoitie* to he raised in manner and form as is hereafter directed, shall OBj*

charged and chargeable upon, and payable out of, the several ?i«a by°thi» additional and new rates and duties by this act imposed upon act, charged offices and pep lions, apd upon Uoufes and windows or lights; on the several and top laid several additional and new rates and duties, are additional an* hereby appropriated for that purnofe accordingly. new

XXXVI. find whereasfevem'persons, native* or foreigners, and hsduspohfui tr corperate, have, in books opened at ng«

land for that purpefe, fisiscribed towards the said fittn ef five milliont;

four millionsfiw hundred thousand pounds, part thereof, it bt attended

with asw/dties sfiter therate of thru pounds centoaq

pqr aajmp; and five hundred thousand pounds residue thereof, tt be raiftd. Sfz. lottery, and attended with annuities after the rate of thru pounds per ctptuop per annum; and the findsubscribers ireontributtrt herein pupfiujtsce tf the reftintjent of the commons of Great Britain in

poiUamntaj[cmbUd, dtpcfiudwith, trpaidtotho cajbierorcajhitrs of the governor atuffompanyoj, the bank of Enjfibndfor t being, the sum tf ten pounds per centum, in part of thofums by them fubfirihed Jpefiively, and are defir ms So pay the remaining principal fiemt by them

subfinbed at aforojmd, at the times and in the manner herein after.

appointed in topt behalf's be it therefore enacted by the authority ready deposit* aforesaid, That it null and may he lawful to and for all fitch cd 10l. per respective^ontributes who have already depositod with, or paid t.heir

to the said cafoieror cashiers of the said governor and company ^bthe cashier «f the bank of England', the firm of ten poundsfor every one of the bank, hundred pounds by them subscribed respeditely, to advance and may pay^pay untq the said cashier or caflhers.who is and are hereby ap- remainder at pointed the receiver % pd receivers of such contributions (without the time* and ?py further or other warrant to be feed for, had; or obtained in? the propor-that behalf) the remainder of the feyersi fume subscribed, at or before therclpective days or times, and in the proportions in this a ft limited in that behalf.*.

) XXXVIh find whereas it is intended that all such contributors to (he said sum offive millions, who shall have for five hundred

2' pounds.

Timet of pty Bientt in re-foeft of the lam of

ribed towards annuities.

Times of pay-menu in re-(pett of the JUflJ of 506, 000! towards the lottery.

Annuities to bear 3l. 101. per cent. inte< re*.

and tickell 3), per cent.

Annuities to commence from 5 July,

175*

Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. C.Hi.

[1758.

pounds, shall be intitled to four hundred and fifty pounds m amsnties, afar the rats of three pounds ten shillings per centum per annum, transferable at the hank of England, subject to such rtduBiou m is hereafter mentioned; and to fifty pounds in lottery tickets^ to he attended with annuities (transferable also at the bank of England) after At rate of three pounds per centum per annum, and fa in proportion for a greater or left Jum; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid,

- That all inch contributors who have so made the few deposit of ton pounds per centum, in part of the fttms by them severally subscribed, as a security for making their future payments, shall make the same accordingly, at or before the respective days or times, and in the proportions in this a A limited m that behalf; that is to fey. In respect of their proportional share of the said sum of four millions five hundred thousand pounds, fifteen pounds ter centum, on or before the thirtieth day of May one thousand seven hundred and fifty eight; fifteen pounds per centum, on or before the twenty eighth day of June then next ensuing; fifteen pounds per centum, on or before the twenty seventh day of July then next ensuing 5 fifteen pounds ter centum* on or before the thirtieth day of August then next enuring; fifteen pounds per centum, on or before the twenty seventh day of Septemberthen next ensuing; and the remaining fifteen poundsptr centum, on or before the twenty sixth day of October then next ensuing: and in refi>e£t of their proportional share of the feid sum offive hundred thousand pounds, twenty pounds per centum, on or before the tenth day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty eight; fifteen pentads per centum, on or before the tenth day of T^y then next ensuing; fifteen pounds per centum, on or before the nineteenth day of August then next ensuing; twenty pounds per centum, on or before the ninth day of September then next ensuing; and the remaining twenty pounds per centum, on or before the ninth day of October then next following: and that all such contributors for or in respect of nine equal tenth parts of the sums ib say them subscribed, shall be intitled to their proportional (hareof annuities after the rate of three pounds ten shillings per centum per annum, subject as aforesaid; and for and ki rdpe& of the remaining one tenth of the sum so subscribed, to as many lottery tickets as the said tenth part of the sum so subscribed shall'purchase, after the rate of ten pounds for each ticket; and chat every fudi contributor or adventurer for every sum of ten pounds so advanced, for the purchase of a lottery ticket, shall be intitled to such lot, and to such annuity, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, as is herein after directed and appointed.

XXXV ill. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the several contributors, their executors, administrators, successors, and assigns, in respect of the said Aim of four millions five hundred thousand pounds, pan of the said principal Aim of five millions, shall be intitled to annuities after the rate of three pounds ten shillings per centum per annum, ' for the term of twenty four years, to commence and be computed from the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and fif-

tf 58.} Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. alt

y eight; and from and after the end and expiration of the Aid term of twenty four year*, to annuities after the rate of three pounds par centum per annum, until redemption thereof by par*

Uxment, In manner herein after mentioned; and that such an- -

jrattresihall be, paid half-yearly, on the fifth day of January, of^texeftto ?nd theiifth day of July, by even and equal portions; and that be on $ Jain, the annuities which mall become due and payable to the said con- 1759* tributary* their executors; administrators, fuceefibts, and af- P1*6 ftgw* at the rate of three pounds per centum per atmum, in re-i

spe& of the said principal sum of five hundred thousand pounds, lottery tickets rcfithxe of the said'principal sum of five millions, shall commence to commence, and be computed from the fifth day of January, which shall be on 5 J*n*>759* hi the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifty nine, and shall, from time to time, be paid half-yearly, on the and after-fifth day of July, and the fifth day of January*by equal and everi portions* the first payment thereof to be due and payable for the half year ended the fifth day of July, which (halt bp in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fif* ty nine*

XXXIXt And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

Th^tthe said cashier or cashiers who shall have received or shall Ca^er rtc^wenarvy part of the sums so paid by way of deposit, or other- for^one*/ wfte, ' iir, respect of the said annuities, after the rate of three paid in, pouads.ten shillings per centum per annum, shall forthwith give receipts^m Writing signed by himself or themselves, to every such contributor, for all such sums; and that the receipts to be given tfic ftmenudA foi-any sums pshd in respect of the said annuities, after the nfteasignabie. of three pounds ten shillings per centum per annum, shall be assignable, by indorsement thereupon made, at any time before the thirtieth day of October, one thousand seven hundred and fifty eight, and no longer.

XL. Provided always, That such cashier or cashiers. shall Cashierto givd give security, to the good liking of any three or more of the tecarity $ of of the treasury now being, or the high treasurer, or any three or more of the commissioners of the treasury for the time being, for duly answering and paying into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, for the publick uft, all the monies which they shall have already received by way of deposit, or otherwise, or shall hereafter receive from time to time, of or for the said sum of five millions, and for accounting duly for the same, and for performance of the trusts hereby in them re-posed and shall from time to time so pay all such monies as and to pay fa soon as they shall receive the same, or any part thereof, or with-, the m°nic* in five days afterwards at the farthest, and shall account for all cbcqusr/*" / monies So received by him or them, in the exchequer, accord- 4 ing to the due course thereof, deducting the reout/ueft sums as shall have been paid by him or them in pursuance of this act» in manner herein after mentioned; for which sums so paid, allowrance shall be made in* his or their accounts., j,

XLL Anth be it further enacted py the authority aforesaid, Treasury so That it Thailand may be lawful to and for the of of apply the ma-Vol/XXII. T tisnmiQtbtiif-

174- Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. ^58;

trice* voted by his Majesty's treasury now being, or the high trerfdffcr, or any the commons, three or morse of the commissioners of the treasury, ' from time so time, to issue and apply all such Aims of money as shall f6 be paid into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer by the fWict cashier or caftiiers, to such services as shall then have been voted by the commons of Great Britain in this session of p&rliarfiedt, and not otherwise.

XLII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in the office of the accountant general of the said governor

Coatributor* names to be

book^ m*'an(* company bank Ev&Jtnd for the time being, there

tis,

Duplicate thereof to be

shall be provided and kept a book or books, in which shall be fairly entered the names of all such contributors as aforesakf; the same to be and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said respective con-Tn (petted gra- tributors, their executors, ad mini (Ira tors, successors, and assigns* from time to time, at all seasonable times, to have resort to and insped the said book or books, without any fee or charge: and that the said accomptant general for the time being shall, on or before the twenty fifth day of Manhunt thousand seven hundred trOTfhiitted^o am* ^xty> tfansmit an attested duplicate, fairly writteri ori paper, the exche- of the said book or books, into the office of the auditor of the quer. receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, there to remain for ever.

Contributors

XLIII. And it is hereby enabled by the authority aforesaid, making good That all such contributors duly paying the whole sums by them their pay- respectively subscribed at or before the respective days and times fVe^fates^nn T^15 act before limited in that behalf, their respective executors, the aimuities. administrators, successors, and assigns, shall have, receive, and enjoy their proportional share of the respective annuities of three pounds ten shillings per centum per annum, and three pounds per centum per annum, out of the monies by this act herein after appropriated for payment thereof, and shall have good and sute estates and interests therein for ever j subject nevertheless to the terms and provisoes of reduction and redemption in this act herein contained concerning the same respectively.

Cobot

XLIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, making the fr That all such contributors, their executors, administrator*, tuc-payment* pre- ceflors, and assigns, paving in the whole or any part of the sums viou* to the by them subscribed respectively, previous to the days appointed times limited, for respective payments herein before directed, as well in respect to their proportional share of the said sum of four millions five hundred thousand pounds, as of the said sum of five

interest forth* hundred thousand pounds, shall be intitled to an allowance of

same, &c.

so much money as the interest of the several Turns so previously paid after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, shall amount to, from the days on which such previous payments shall have been actually made, to the re(j>edive times on which such payments are directed to be made; such allowance to be paid, by the said cashier or cashiers out of the monies contributed towards the said sum of five millions, as soon as such respective contributors, their executors, administrators, successors, and assigns, shall have completed their payments herein before directed to be made j and that as soon as any contributors, their 6 cxe*

1758.] Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. li, 275

executors, administrators, successors, and assigns, shall hare completed their payments of the whole purchase money payable by them respectively for any such annuities, after the rate of three pounds, ten shillings, per centum per annum^the principal (uni or sums by them subscribed and paid for the purchase of such annuities, shall forthwith be placed to the credit of the said contributors, their executors, administrators, successors, and altignsj completing the said pyments, and made transferable in the books of the bank ot England, to be kept for that purpose; and that after any contributors, their executors, administrators, sucessors, and assigns, shall hare completed their payments of thd whole purchase money payable by them respectively for any such annuities, after tlse rate of/three pounds per centum per annum* lottery tickets to the amount of the principal Aim or sums by them subscribed andmaid for the purchase thereof, at the rate of ten pounds for each ticket, shall, as (bon as they can conveniently be made out, be delivered to such contributors, their executors, administrators, successors, and assigns*

XLV. Provided always, That in case any such Contributors (iontribotoi* who have already deposited with or paid to the said cashier caftiiers, any sum or sums of money, at the times and in thepayment<|tir manner before mentioned, in part of the sums so by them sub- within the feribed, or their respective executors, administrators, successors, times limited* or assigns, do not advance and pay to the said cashier or caftiiers, the refiduc of the sums so by them subscribed, at tho times and 1 u in the manner before mentioned; then and in every such case, so much of the (urn so subscribed as shall have been actually paid in part thereof, to the said cashier or caftiiers, shall be forfeited for the benefit of the publick; any thing in this act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XLVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Annuities,*. That all the Several annuities which by this act are granted and nrdb*

made payable, until redemption thereof by parliament, in man- s 1111*tier herein after mentioned, shall be charged and chargeable upon, and payable out of, such fund or funds as are by this act established for payment thereof; and if at any time or times it shall happen that the produce of the fund or funds fb established for payment of the said several annuities, shall not be fufneient to pay and discharge the several and respective annuities, and other charges, directed to be paid thereout at the end of any or either of the respective half-yearly days of payment, at which the same are hereby directed to be paid, then and so osten, and in every such case, such deficiency or deficiencies shall and may be supplied out of any of the monies which at any time or times shall be or remain in the receipt of the exchequer, of the fur* pluiles, excesses, overplus monies, and other revenues, com* posing the fund commonly called The fwiing fund (except such monies of the said sinking fund as are appropriated to any particular use or uses by any former act or acts of parliament, in that behalf) and such monies of the said sinking fund shall and may be, from time to time, issued and applied accordingly; and

Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 22. 358.

if at any time or times before any monies of the several rates and duties and sums of money hereby granted, shall be brought into the exchequer as aforesaid, therS shall happen to be a want of money for paying the several annuities as aforesaid, "which shall be actually incurred, and grown due at any of the half-yearly days of payment before mentioned, that then and in every such case, the money so wanted (halt and may be supplieAbut of the monies of the sinking fund (except as before excepted) and be issued accordingly.

Sinking fund

XLVII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority out of the first aforesaid» That whatever monies shall be issued out of the finjjL-supplies. fog fund, shall, frojn time to time, be replaced by and out of the first supplies to be then after granted in parliament.

Annuities, &c.

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the atlthori-

chartedan ty aforesaid, That in case there shall be any surplus or remainder of the monies arising by the said fund or funds by this act efta-, 1 # blished for payment of the said annuities, after the said several and respective annuities and all arrears thereof are satissted, or t money sufficient shall be reserved for that purpose, such surplus

or remainder shall, from time to time, be reserved for the disposition of parliament, and shall not be issued but by the authority of parliament, and as shall be directed by future act or acts of parliament; any thing in any former or other act or acts of parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

Managersand XLIX. And, for establishing a proper method for drawing the directors of said lottery, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, the lottery to That such persons as the Commissioners of his Majesty's treafu-by the Trea- ror any three or more them now being, or the high treaty.*surer, or any three or more of the commissioners of the treasury, for the time being, shall appoint, shall be managers and directors for preparing and delivering out tickets, and to oversee the drawing of lots, and to order, do, and perform, such other matters and things, as are hereafter so and by this act directed and appointed by such managers and diredfors to be done and performed; and that such managers and diredfors shall meet together from time to time, at some publick office or place, for the execution of the powers and trusts fn them reposed by this act; and that the said managers and diredfors, or so many of them as shall be present at any such meeting, or the major part of them, Booki to be shall cause books to be prepared, in which every leaf shall be vcdumnsTin divided or distinguished into three columns; and upon the in-each of which nermost of the said three columns, there (half be printed fifty 50, 000 tickets thousand tickets, hereby intended to be made forth, to be mlm-tobe printed, bered, one, two, three, and so onward, in an arithmetical pro-greflion, where the common excess is to be one, until they rife to and for the number of fifty thousand; and upon the middle column in every of the said books, shall be printed fifty thousand tickets of the same breadth and form, and numbered in like manner; and in the extream column of the said books, there shall be printed a third rank or series of tickets, of the same number with those of the other two columns; which, tickets

i^l Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 22. 277

shall severally be of an oblong figure; and in the said books Tickets to be shall be joined with oblique lines, >flourishes, or devices, in such °^ong manner as the said managers and directors, or theipajor part of j0i ed with them, think most safe and convenient; and that every oblique lines, ticket in the third or extreatn column of the said books shall have written or printed thereupon (besides the number of such ticket, apd the present year of our Lord Christ) words to this have the " effect: words following printed on

THE bearer hereof is entitled to six pounds, part of the jointthcm*

Jiock oj annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum

per annum, transferable at the bank of England, or to a better chance.

L. And it is hereby enacted, That the said managers and di- Managers to rectors, or so many of them as shall be present at such meeting, examine the or the major part of them then present, shall carefully examine b.°?ks with the all the said books, with the tickets therein, and that the same deiivei^hein be contrived, numbered, and made, according to the true in- to the cashier, tent and meaning of this act, and shall deliver or cause to be delivered the same books, and every or any of them, as they shall be examined, to the said cashier or cashiers, taking from such cashier or cashiers, an acknowledgement in writing under and take a re-hisor their hands, importing his or their receipt of such book*eiPt for the or books, and so many tickets therein as shall be delivered to me* him or them; and the said cashier or cashiers is and are hereby Ca/hier to give directed and required, upon his and their receiving every or a ticket for any intire sum of ten pounds, in full payment of a ticket, from every sum of any person or persons contributing or adventuring as aforesaid, 10 Paidin* r to cut out of the said book or books so to be put into his or their custody, through the said oblique lines, flourishes, or devices, ipdentwife, one of the tickets in the said extream columns, which the said cashier or cashiers shall sign with his or their own name or names; and such cashier or cashiers shall permit the and permit contributors or adventurers, if it bedelired, to write his or her ^towrhe'bU name or mark on the corresponding ticket in the same book; name on the* and at the same time the cashier or cashiers shall deliver to the corresponding said contributor or adventurer the ticket so cut off, which he, ticket.

(he, or they, are to keep and use for the better ascertaining and securing of the interest which he, she, or they, his, her, or their executors, administrators, successors, or assigns, shall or may haye in the said fund, for the monies so contributed or advent tured, until redemption thereof, in manner herein after mentioned.

LI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Cashier to re-That the said cashier or cashiers, on or before the fourteenth deliver the day of October, one thousand seven hundred and fifty eight, shall books to the re-deliver to the said managers and directors, at their said office or place of meeting, all the said books, and therein all the tic- £9cr*

kets which the said cashier or caffeiers shall not have cut out and

delivered to the contributors or adventurers for their monies as

T 3 aforp-

the exche $Uef

278 Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. a*.

[1758.

a*d account aforesaid; and shall then and there aho deliver to the &ud ipa-rec^ved!"* "SW a«d directors, a true and just account in writing under.

his or their hands, of all sums of money accrued or pome to the bands of such cashier or cashiers, by or for the tiqkets delivered or to be delivered out pursuant to this act, and now the same, or how much thereof, shall have been actually paid by such cashier or cafiuers, into the receipt of the exchequer, for TicketstuKlif- the purposes in this act expressed; and that the said managers posed«ft»be and directors, or the major part of them, which shall bepre-returned into f#nt at a Meeting as aforesaid, shall forthwith cause all the'tickets of the said outertnoft columns which shall not haV.e been delivered to the contributors as aforesaid, if any such be, to be delivered into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, there to be retained and kept as cash, to be issued, fold, and disposed of, for raising money for the purposes in this act mentioned, as the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, or the high treasurer, for the time being, shall judge reasonable and fitting.

Tickets of the LU. And be it further enacted, iThat the said managers and tumntobe dire<9ors, or the major part of them, which shall be Drefent at rolled up, and 3 meeting as aforesaid, shall cause all the tickets, of the middle tied* columns in the books made out in three columns as aforesaid,

which shall be delivered back to them by or from the said cashier or cashiers as aforesaid, to be carefully rolled up and made fast with thread or (ilk; and the said managers or directors, or the major part of them as aforesaid, shall, in their presence, and in the presence of such contributors or adventurers as will be there, cause all the said tickets which are to be so rolled up and made fast as aforesaid, to be cut off indentwise the letter (A) through the said oblique lines, flourilhes or devices, into a box to be prepared for that purpose, and to be marked with the letter (A) which is presently to be put into another ftroog box. Box to bend to be locked up with seven different locks and keys, to be locked up and kept by as many of the said managers, and sealed with their sealed* seals, or the seals of some of them, until the said tickets are to be drawn, as is herein after mentioned; and that the tickets in the first or innermost columns of the said books shall remain still in the books for discovering any mistake or fraud (if any such should happen to be committed) contrary to the true meaning of this act.

Books to be

LIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, prepared with That the said managers and directors, or the major part of them,columns, on which shall be present at any meeting as aforesaid, (h^yaUb

ToTotickets P f «u.f« beP/ePare£' ?lher books, in which jtfof to be printed. leaf shall be divided or distinguished into two columns, and upon the innermost of those two columns, there shall fc* punted fifty thousand tickets, and upon the outermost of the said two columns there shall be printed fifty 'thousand tickets all which ftiaU be of equal length and breadth as near as may be j which two columns in the said books, shall be Joined with some flpu-ri(h or device, through which the.ourermost tickets mpy b<; cut Off !mdemwi(e?dod that fi* thousand five hundred tickets, pan

of

and eat off indentwise into a box marked with

1758.] Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 12. 279

of thafc to bp contained in the outermost columns of the book? last-merttionedi shall be, and be calied, the fortunate tickets* to which extraordinary benefits shall belong, as is herein after-mentioned; and the said managers and directors, or the major part of (hem, or such of them as shall be present at a meeting as aforesaid, shall cause the said fortunate tickets to be written-upon or othfirwife expressect, as well in figures as in words at length, in manner following; that is to say, upon two of them The number Severally, ten thousand pounds principal money upon three and value of of them severally, five thousand pounds principal money 5 upon-.h* foraunate fix of them severally, two thousand pounds principal money

upon seventeen of them severally, one thousand pounds principal money; upon every one of twenty nine of them severally, five hundred pounds principal money; upon every one of one hundred forty two of them severally, one hundred pounds principal money; upon every one of six hundred and twenty six of them severally, fifty pounds principal money; upon every one of five thousand six hundred and seventy fire of them severally, twenty pounds principal money; which principal ferns so to be written, or otherwise expressed, upon the said fortunate tickets, together with five hundred pounds principal money to be allowed to the 5°?' to the owner of the first drawn ticket, and one thousand pounds prin- j^straa*d cipal money to the owner of the last drawn ticket, besides the IOOOO|' to the benefits which may happen to belong to the two last mentioned last drawn, tickets, will amount in the whole so the principal sum of two hundred thirty nine thousand pounds; which sum being added to the sum of two hundred sixty one thousand pounds (which will be the principal payable according to the intent and mean*- ,

ing of this act, on the remaining forty three thousand five hundred blank or unfortunate tickets, computed at the rate of fix 43, 500 blank pounds for each blank or unfortunate ticket) do amount toge- tickets, at the ther to the principal sum of five hundred thousand pounds, be- rate of 61. ing the tdtal principal sum to be converted into annuities in pursuance of this act, in respect of the said lottery tickets; and the said managers and directors, of the major part of them. Ticket* of the who shall be present at a meeting as aforesaid, shall cause all outermost co-the said tickets contained in the outermost columns of the last- to* mentioned books, to be, in the presence of the said managers ed* np aa 'and directors, or the major part of them; which shall be present'at a meeting as aforesaid, and in the presence of such contributors or adventurers as will then be there, carefelly rolled up and ?n^ cm.^ut fastened vrith thread or silk, and carefelly cut out indentwise {{1^ jOjojc through the said flour Kh or device, into another box to be pre- w; tf,

payed for this purpose, and to be marked with the letter (B) the letter (B) which box shall be presently put into another strong box, and locked up with seven different locks and keys, to be kept by as Box to be many of the said managers, and sealed up with their reals, or locked up and the (cals of some of them, until those rickets shall also be drawn, sealed. in the manner and form herein after-mentioned; and that the Wholebhfinefe; of rolling up and cutting off, and putting-into the said boxes the said tickets, and locking up and feeling the

Tf said

aaffe Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c.al.

[175$,

Said boxe*, shall be performed by the Said manBgers: and)d'rfe69 tors* or such of them as aforesaid, within fix. daysat ieaft be* fore the drawing of the said lottery shall begin; and to the end every person concerned may be well assured that the counterpart of the same number with his or her ticket, is put into the box marked with the letter (A) from whence the same may be Pubflck notice drawn, and that other matters are done as hereby directed, some to be given of publick notification in print shall be given of the precise time cut- Qr iimts of cubing the said tickets into the said boxes, to the end that iudi adventurers as shall be minded to fee the fomfe done, may be prefer)* at the doing thereof.

Lottery to be- ^IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, gindmving*That on or before the thirteenth day of November one thousand

ting jtbe tickets intp the boxes.

on 13 Nov. ?758*

Method to be observed in Rawing, &c.

seven hundred and fifty eight, the said managers and directors shall cause the said several boxes, with all the tickets therein, to be brought into the guildhall of the city of Lenionby nine of the dock in the forenoon of the same day, and placed on a table there for that purpose, and shall then and there severally attend this service, and cause the two boxes containing the said tickets, to be severally taken out of the other two boxes, in which they shall have been locked up; and the tickets of lots in the respective innermost boxes being, in the presence of the said managers and directors, or such of them as shall be then present, and of such adventurers as will be there for the satisfaction of themselves, well (haken and mingled in each boxdiftinclly; and some one indifferent and fit person, to be appointed and directed by the managers aforesaid, or the major part of them, or such of them a6 shall be then present, shall take out and draw one ticket from the box where the said numbered tickets shall be as aforesaid put; and one other indifferent and fit person, to be appointed and directed in like manner, shall presently take out a ticket or lot from the box where tire said six thousand five hundred fortunate, and forty three thousand five hundred blank tickets shall be promiscuously put as aforesaid; and immediately both the tickets so drawn shall be opened, and the number, as well of the fortunate as the blank ticket, shall be named aloud; and if the ticket taken or drawn from the box containing the fortunate and blank lots shall appear to be a blanks then the numbered ticket so drawn with the said blank at the same time, shall both be put upon one file; and if the ticket so drawn or taken from the box containing the fortunate and blank lots, shall appear to be one of the fortunate tickets, then the prmcri pal sum written upon such fortunate ticket, whatever it be, shall be entered by a clerk, which the said managers, or the major part of them as aforesaid, shall employ and oversee for this purpose, into a bock to be kept for entering the numbers coming up with the said fortunate tickets, and the principal sums where-unto they shall be intitled respectively, and two of the said managers shall set their names as witnesses to such entries; and jthe said fortunate and numbered tickets so drawn together, shall he put upon qnQther tije 3 and so the said drawing of the tickets

shall

Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 22.' xf*

flutt contmuey by taking one tickcrat a timd out of each box', and with openings naming aloud, and filing the f*me, and by entering the fortunate lots in such method as is before mentioned, until the whole'number of six thousand five hundred fortunate tickets^ and one more for the last drawn as aforesakl, (halt be compleatly drawn; and if the same cannot be performed in After each one day's time, the said managers and directors shall cause the ^th^boxes boxes to be forked up and sealed in manner as aforesaid, and to^c locked adjourn tHI- the next day, and so from day to day, and every up and sealed* day, (except Sundays, Christmas, and fast days appointed by particular acts of parliament, or by the King's proclamation) and then open the same, and proceed as above till the said whole number of six thousand five hundred fortunate tickets, and one more, shall be compleatly drawn as aforesaid; and afterwards the said numbered tickets so drawn, with the fortunate tickets drawn against the same, shall be and remain in a strong box locked up as aforesaid, and under the custody of the said managers, until they shall take them out to examine, adjust, and settle the property thereof.

LV. And, to the end the fortunate may know, whether absent or present co what degree they have been so; be it enacted, That as Numbers of £bon as the drawing is over, the said managers are hereby required, ard*

as soon as conveniently may be, to cause to be printed and pub- the sums, to lhhed the number of the tickets drawn against each fortunate be printed, ticket, and the principal sum written on the same; and if any D, fPutcs re* contention or dispute shall arise in adjusting the property of the tob<f adjoited said fortunate rickets, the major part of the said managers, agree- by the managing the rein, shall determine to whom it doth or ought to be- ers. long: and if any person or persons shall forge or counterfeit any penalty of ticket or tickets, certificate or certificates, to be made forthm^certifi-pursuance of this act, or made forth, or to be made forth, on any former lottery act, or alter any the numbers thereof, or utter, yend, barter, or dispose of, or offer to dispose of, any false, altered, forged or counterfeited ticket or tickets, certificate or certificates, or bring any forged or counterfeit ticket or certificate, or any ticket or certificate the number whereof is altered (knowing the same to be such) to the said managers, or any of them, or the said governor and company of the bank of England, or their caflaier or cashiers, or accomptant general for the time being, /or to any other person or persons whatsoever, to the intent to defraud his Majesty, or any contributor or adventurer, or the executors, a^ministrators, successors, or assigns, of any contributor or adventurer upon this act, with a fraudulent intention; then every such person, being thereof conviefted in due form of law, shall be adjudged a felon, and shall suffer death as ^OSiym in cases of felony, without benefit of clergy: and the said managers and directors, or any two or more of them, are hereby authorized and required to cause any person or persons bringing jot uttering such forged or counterfeit ticket or tickets, certificate or certificates, as aforesaid, to be apprehended, and to commit him, her, or them, to his Majesty's gaol of Newgate, or to the

com*

s8t Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. z % [1758.

common gaol of the county or place where such perf6p.or per* Tons shall be so apprehended, to be proceeded against far the said felony according to law.

- LVL Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the aai- be^foam*° t*IOT*ty^aforesaid, That every person who shall be appointed as aforesaid to be a manager and director for putting this act in execution, before his acting in such commidiop, mall take the oath following; that is to lay.

The oath. T A.B. do/wear, That I will faithfully execute the trufl repofnL X in me; and that I wiU not use any tn#re& art or medhs* or permit at direct any person to use atey indirect art or means, ta efoain -a prize or fortunate lot, for myself or any other person whatIoevar \ and that I xmti, to the heft of my judgement, declare to whom, amp prize, lot, or ticket, of right does belong, according to the true intent and meaning of the act of parliament made in the twenty ninth year of his Majestfs reign in that behalf

Which said oath shall and may be administered by apy two or more of the other managers and directors.

LVII. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said cashier or cashiers, having given ftcurity as aforesaid, at any time or times before fiiph cashier or cashiers shall have received any book or books from the said tnanagera comprehending the said fifty thousand tickets as aforesaid, ia three columns as aforesaid, to receive from any person or per* ions who will voluntarily offer, contribute, and advance, the residue of any sum of ten pounds, or several sums of ten pounds upon this act as aforesaid, the sums so offered to be coplribpud or advanced, atone entire payment, or in such proportions and manner as aforesaid, before such cashier or cashiers shall have received such book or books$ and the said cashier or cashiers shall give a note or receipt, under his or their hand or hands, for the fu«n or sums to contributed, and shall be obliged thereby, and by this act, to give the bearer of every such note or receipt, a ticket or tickets of the extream column of the three columns book or books aforesaid, for every ten pounds So contributed, paid, or answered, as soon as be or they shall be enabled thereunto by delivery of any such book or books to him or them from the said managers as aforesaid 5 any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Adventurer

LVIII. Provided also, That in case any such comtributor not paying hit or adventurer aforesaid, who shall have advanced and paid whole conu- down to such cashier or cashiers a proportion of his, her.or their the° consideratkm-money, his, her, or their executors, admioiftra* times limited, tors, successors, or assigns, do not advance and pay unto such shall lose the cashier or cashiers the remaining part of his, her, or their con* advanced mo- £deration-m0t>ey, so to be paid in full for such tickets; a* afore* ney' said, on or before the times for paying thereof as aforesaid; that

then, and in every such case, every such contributor pr adven*; furer shall forfeit and lose to his Majesty, for the use of the publick*

*758-3 Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 22? zt§

lipk, the proportion of hli, her, or their purchase-money which he, she, or they shall have so paid down as aforesaid 5 and in such case no ticket or tickets shall be delivered out by the said cashier or cashiers to such contributor or contributors making such default, but the ticket and tickets which Should have been delivered to such contributor and contributors, had they paid the full money for the same, shall be returned and delivered to the said managers and directors by the said cashier or calliters, together with the other tickets (if any) in the outermost column of the book and books first herein mentioned and directed to be prepared, which shall not have been disposed of to contributors as aforesaid $ and such ticket and tickets, upon and for which Tickets to be defaults of payments shall have been made as aforesaid, shall disposed of, be delivered into the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer with shall be deli-Other the said undisposed tickets (if any) there to be retained vcr?f, nto the and kept as cash, and to be listed, fold, and disposed of, for the cxche4uen purposes, and in the manner, herein before directed and appointed with respect to the said undisposed tickets; and the said contributor ami contributors making such default, shall not hs*ve or receive, or be intitled to have or receive, any benefit or advantage for or in respect of the money which he, she, or they shall have paid for or towards the purchase of such ticket or tickets 5 any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LIX. Provided alfa, and it is hereby enacted by the awho* rity aforesaid, That out of the monies to arise by the (hid con- commit tributians to the lottery as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful sioners of the to and for any three or more of the commissionef s of the trea- treasury out fury, or the high treasurer for the time being, to reward the (hid of the managers and directors, and the clerks and officers to be cm- raoncy* ployed by and under them, and any other officers and perfom that shall and may be any ways employed in this affair, for their labour and pains; also to oifcharge all incident expences as shall necessarily attend the execution of this act, in such manner as any three or more of the commissionert of the treasury* or the high treasurer for the time being, shall, -frdm time to time, think fit and reasonable in that behalf; any thing in this act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Guardians Tawftol for any guardian or trustee having the disposition of the jnay?dvetL-money of any imant, for the use and behoof of such infant, to in the contribute and pay, for or towards advancing the said sum of lottery, five millions, any firms of the monies of such infant, and such infant, upon payment of such sum or sums, shall become a contributor within the meaning of this act, and be intitled to hive and receive such payment in respect thereof, and in such fiketnanner as any other contributor; and the said guardian and trustee, as to the said sum or sums so advanced, is hereby dif-pharged, fb as the name of such infant be expressed in the re- ccipt or receipts for such money; and also upon ther ticket or pickets that shall be delivered out for the same, that so it may

apppear

284 Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. f*758.;

appear that such infant or infants was or were thfe ebrifributor oV contributors.

Limitation

LXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, ' ot sale of That no person or persons, in Great Britain or Inland, shall

chances. Scc. fell the chance or chances of any ticket or tickets iti the said lottery, or any share or shares in any ticket or tickets in the said lottery, for a day, or part of a day, or for a longer time Ids than the whole time of drawing the lottery then ro coifte', or shall receive any money whatsoever in confederation of the re- payment of any sum or sums of money, in case any ticket or tickets in the said lottery shall prove fortunate; or shall lay any wager relating to the drawing of any ticket or tickets in the said lottery, either as to the time of such ticket or tickets being drawn, or whether such ticket or tickets be drawn fortunate or unfortunate; and all and every person and persons who (halt offend in any of the above-mentioned matters, shall forfeit' add Penalty. pay treble the sum and sums of money which shall have been received by such person or persons, contrary to the true intent and meaning of this act 5 to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of reebrd at Westminster or Dublin respectively; on which no e(Toin? protection, privilege, or wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed; one moiety whereof to be for the pfe of his Majesty, his heirs, or successors, and the bther moiety to be paid to the person or persons who shall sue for the same j

and every such wager or contract, and every agreement relating thereto, shall be, and is hereby declared to be null and void. Ptrfoiu felling

LXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Shares in tic- That if any person or persons, in Great Britain or Ireland, shall ket* of which*- -

they are not possessed.

t % forfeit500l.

Offences committed in Ireland agrtinft a6h for preventing un-

keep any office or offices, or shall print or publish any scheme, or proposal, for receiving any sum or sums of money in consideration of an interest to be granted for the same, any ticker, or number of tickets, in the said lottery, whereof such person or persons shall not then be actually possessed, or in consideration of any sum or sums of money to be repaid in case any ticket or- number of tickets, in the said lottery, which shall not be iri' the actual possession of such person or persons, shall prove fortunate, all and every such person and persons shall forfeit and pay the sum of five hundred pounds; to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's 'courts of record at Westminster or Dublin respectively; inwjaich no essoin, protection, or wager of law, or more than cine imparlance, shall be allowed; one moiety thereof to be for the use of his Majesty, his heirs or successors, and the other moiety to be paid to the person or persons who shall sue for the same; and also shall suffer three months imprisonment without bail, or* mainprise.

LXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, 1 That if any offence against any of the a#s of parliament made ' in this kingdom, for preventing private abd unlawful lotteries, shall be committed in Ireland\ the offender shall incur the like

penalty

1758.] Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 22. 28g

penalty and punishment, to be inflicted in like manner as if the lawful lotte-offence was committed ir. this kingdom, and that such penalties as, by any of the said a£s, are directed to be recovered in any a^ie> pum of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, £halls in case of and may be offences committed against any of the said acts in Ireland, be re- sued for in covered in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Dublin. Dublin.

LXIV. And to the end that all the payments as well upon the fortunate as upon the unfortunate tickets, may be more eastly ascertained^ settled, and adjusted % for the persons who shall be and become intitled thereunto \ be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That After the as soon as conveniently may be after the drawing of the said drawing of lottery shall be completed and ended* all the said tickets, as well ?be Jpttery, those contained in the books with three columns, as those con-beexchangS tained in the books with two columns, to be given out as afore: forcertificatei. said, shall be exchanged for certificates to be signed by such of the said managers, as shall be appointed for that purpose.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That such of the said ma- Manager* to nagers, as any three or more of the commissioners of the treasury ££vc?otic£ of now being, or the high treasurer for the time being, shall ap- JakiniTin the point to take in the said tickets, aryl deliver out the said certiii- tickets, and cates for and in lieu thereof, shall give timely notice, by adver- delivering out tifementtobe printed and published in manner as they fhailthe certifi-think fit, of the days and times for taking in the said tickets, catc5* and delivering out the said certificates, for and in lieu of the same; and every person's certificate shall be numbered in course, according to their bringing their tickets to the said officer or officers (q to be appointed for exchanging the same $ to which Book to be purpose such officer or officers shall enter or cause to be entered kePt for in a book or books to be by him or them kept for that PurPf€>4ea^person* the name of every person who brings any ticket qr, tickets to9be exchanged for such certificate or certificates, and the number or numbers of the ticket or tickets whiclv shall be so brought bynd the rrarti--such person or persons, the value in principal money payable thereupon, and the day of the month, and the year of our Lord, 11

when the same was so brought, which book and books shall lie open in the office to be appointed for taking in the said tickets to be exchanged for such certificates, for all persons concerned to peruse, all which certificates shall be signed by the officer or officers so to be appointed, or the major part of them, and be directed to the accountant general of the bank of England for the time being.

LXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Certificate* to That the said accountant general of the bank o(England for the bc fiSncd» &c. time being, to whom the said certificates are to be directed as a-» foresaid, shall upon receiving and taking the said certificates, or Accomptant any of them, give credit to the persons named therein, in a general to book or books, in manner herein before directed, to be by hin> fc|vc provided and kept for that purpose, for the principal sums trined in every such certificate; and the persons to whole creditcertificates. 1 such principal sums shall be entered in the said book or books,

hfe, her, qr their executors, administrators, fueccflv*, apd af-

iigns.

Alignments may be made of the said fum$, See.

Certificates to be filed and cancelled, and notes to be given in lieu thereof.

A chief ca-ibier, and accountant general, to be appointed by the bank for paying the annumes.

Treasury to issue money for that purpose to the said cashier.

who is to account for the same.

Accountant general to examine the re* ceiptsand payments of the cashier. Annuities deemed a personal estate,

Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. xa., [1758.

Sign*, shall and may have power to afignand transfer the Same, or any part, share, or proportion thereof, to any other perian or personr, bodies politick or corporate whatsoever, in other books to be prepared and kept by the Said accountant general for that purpose; and the principal Aims so aSQgned or transferred. shall carry the hid annuity of three pounds centum per annum, and-Shall be taken and deemed to be Stock transferrable by virtue of this act, until the redemption thereof, in manner herein after mentioned; and the said accountant general of the bank of England for the time being, is hereby authorized and directed to cancel and file the certificates, as they shall from time to time be received and taken in by him, and to give the persons bringing the same, a note under his hand, testifying the principal money for which they have credit in the Said book or books, 4>y reason-or means of the certificates so received, taken in, and cancelled, as aforesaid, and of the annuities attending the same.

LXVII. And, for the mere easy and sure payment as well tfft'td annuities after the rate ef three pounds per centum per annum, as of the said annuities after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the Said governor and company of the bank of England, and their successors, shall, from time to time, until the Said respective annuities shall be redeemed according to this act, appoint and employ one or more Sufficient person or persons within their office in the city of London, to be the first or chief cashier or cashiers, and one other sufficient person in the said office to be their accountant general; and that so much of the monies by this act appropriated for this purpose, as shall be sufficient from time to time to answer the said Several and respective annuities and other payments herein dfrested to be made out of the said monies, shall, by order of the commissioners of the treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the high treasurer, or any three or more of the commissioners of the treasury, for the time being, without any further or other warrant to be filed for, had, or obtained, in that behalf, from time to time, at the respective day of payment in this act before appointed for payment thereof, to he ifibed and paid at the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer, to the said first or chief cashier or caOuers by way of imprest, and upon account, for the payment of the said Several and respective annuities payable by virtue of this act } and that all and every such cashier or cashiers, to whom the said monies shall, from time to time, be issued, shall from time to time, without delay, pay the same accordingly, and render his or their accounts thereof, according to the due course of the exchequer.

LXVIII. And it is hereby also enacted, That the said accountant general for the time being, shall, from time to rime, inspect and examine all receipts and payments of the said cashier or cashiers, and the vouchers relating the reunto, in order ro prevent any fraud, negligence, or delay; and that all persons who shall be in titled to any of the said Several and respective annuities, and all pvSbas lawfully claiming under them. shall b«

pof-

175B.P Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. tt,$7

pofltfRd'ihefeof is '»perfortsl estate, and that the same ftrtll &c. and to be

not be dCfctndable to the heir, and shall he free from all taxes, ta* charges, and impofttfons whatsoever, and shall not be liable to any foreign1 attachment by the custom of or otherwise;

any la#, fttttste, or custom, to the contrary in anywise not-flandittg.

LXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, The 3 and That the said Rim of four millions five hundred thousand half per cent.-pounds, 1 put of the said sum of five millions, shall be deemed annuities one capital or joint dock 3 and that all persona and corporations f*a, omt

wharibever, in proportion to the monies by them severally ad* 1 vaneed, for the purchase of the said annuities, after the rate of three pounds, ten shillings percentum per annum, or such other annuities to which they shall become intitled by virtue of this act, shall hare and be deemed to have a proportional interest and share in the said stock, and in the annuities attending the same, at the rates aforesaid; and that the said whole capital or and made joint stock, or any share or interest therein, and the propor- transferrable. tional arfnuity attending the same, shall be assignable and transferrable as this act directs, and not otherwise.

LXX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, The 3l. per That all the monies to which any person or persons shall become cens. annuities intitled by virtue of this act, in respect of any sum advanced a

or contributed towards the said sum of five hundred thpufend w-lth annuities pound*, on which thwfeid annuities after the rate of three pounds of like value, per centum per annum, shall be attending, shall be added to the incorporated joint stock of annuities transferable at the bank of England, in*

to which the Teveral sums carrying an interest at the rate of threo pounds per centum per annum, were by an act made in the twentr fifth year of the reign of his present Majesty converted, and shall be deemed part of the said joint stock of annuities^ subject ne-tertheless to a redemption by parliament, in such manner, and upon such notice, as is in the said act directed, in respect of the several and respective annuities, redeemable by virtue of the said ' aft; and that all and every person or persons and corporations whatsoever, in proportion to the money to which he, she, or they Audi become intitled as aforesaid, by virtue of this act, shall have and be deemed to have a proportional interest and share in the said joint stock of annuities, at the rate aforesaid.

LXXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Transfer That there shall be constantly kept by the accountant general book* to be for the time being, books, wherein all assignments of the films kept by the advanced or contributed towards the said ram of four millions accountant five hundred thousetid pounds, and also all assignments or ge*er'transfers bf all sums advanced and contributed towards the said fum1 of five hundred thousand pounds,: ftudl at all sea- 1

sonable times be entered and-regiftored; which entries shall be Method of conceived in proper Words for that purpose, and shall be Anted j.r*3fenrU'* by the parties making such assignments or transfers; or if luck parries'be absent, by their respective attorney or anomies, there-.urns lawfully authorised in writing under their hands and fools, .

a to

Annuities lie vifeable by will.

Entry to lie made of such clause in the will.

Transfer not

289 Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 2<u [1^58*

to be atteflad by two or more credible Wtmestes, and tlieseveral persons to whom such transfers shall be'made, do rdpc&tvely underwrite their acceptance thereof $ end that no other method of assigning and transferring the said Several annuities or any part thereof or any interest, shall be good or available in law.

LXXiL Provided always, That all perfbitt posseflttl of any. (hate or interest in either of the said joint stocks of annuities* of anyestateor interest therein, may devise the same by infill in writing, attested by two or more credible witnesses, but that wo payment shall be made upon any such devise till (b much of the said will as relates to the said joint stocks of annuities, be enter- cd in the said office > and in default of such transfer or devise* such share or interest in the said joint (lock of annuities shall go to the executors or administrators j and that no Aamp duties liable toitamp whatsoever, shall be charged upon the said transfers, or any of duties. them.any other law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority a alUncident That out of the monies arising from the contribution

charges attowards raising the said sum of five millions, the com m i (lionets tending the of the treasury, or any three or more of them now beitig, or the high treasurer, or any three or more of the commissioners of the treasury for the time being, shall have power to discharge all such incident charges as shall necessarily attend the execution of this act, in such manner as to them shall feetn just and realbnafele? and also to settle and appoitit such allowances as they shall see just - v — - andreasonable, for the service, pains^ndlabourofthefeidea(hieror to thiTcashier, cashiers, for receiving, paying, and accounting for the said cow-and account- tributions; and also shall have power to take out of the said (tefe- ing fund such further allowances as they shall think just and reasonable, for the service, pains, and labour of the cashier or cashiers of the governor and company of the bank of Bnghmi* fat receiving, paying, and accounting for the several and refeeAive annuities, payable by virtue of this act, and also for the service* pains, and labour of the accountant general of the said governor and company for performing the duty and tmft incumbent on him by this act; all which allowances hereby impowered CO be made as aforesaid, in respectto the service, pains, and labour governor and any °ccr or officers of the said governor and company, shall company of be for the use* and benefit of the said'governor and company, and at the bank. their disposal only; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Officers taking

LXXIV. And be it hereby enacted by the authority tferefirid* any fee or*That no.fee or gratuity shall be demanded or taken ef any of gratuity in his Majesty's subjetfts for receiving or paying the said cofitribtt-tIllC0Urr or oc any of them, or for any tatties or receipt* eon-

eit »oj,c^rn*n8 the ^me» or for issuing the monies for paying the said several annuities; or any of them; add that no fee or gratuity

shall be demanded or taken for any transfer great or (malt? to be made in pursuance of this act, upon pain that the-officer or person offending by taking or demanding any such fee or gfatuc-

execution of this a&}

and to make an allowance

aot general;

to be at the

t$g

1758.] Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. 22.

ty, contrary* tiMhis ael* shall forfeit the fam of twenty pounds to the party grieyed, to be recovered with full cods? of salt, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster.

LXXV., Provided al(b, and it.is hereby enabled by the au* The annuities thority afprefifid, That at any time after the expiration of twen- 3|*P*r ty four years, to be computed from the fifth day of July, (me dVcmable tfll thousand seven hundred and fifty eight, and not loonier, upon after the expi-six months notice to be printed in the London Gazette* and af- ration of, fixed upon the Royal Exchange in London, by authority of par- years» liament; and upon repayment by parliament of the whole principal Aim of four millions five hundred thousand pounds, for which the said annuities, after the rate of three pounds ten fhtl-lings per centum per annum, are payable to fdch respective persons or corporations as shall be intitled to the same annuities; or upon the like repayment by parliament of any pan of the said sum of four trillions five hundred thousand pounds, so as such part of the sum so paid at any onetime be not left than five hundred thousand pounds; and also upon full payment of all arrearages of thoiameannuities; then, and not till then the said annuities shall ceaft and ^determine, and be understood to be redeemed; and that any vote or resolution of the house of commons, fig- rnfied by the speaker in writing, to be inserted in the London Gazette, and affixed on the Royal Exchange in London as aforesaid, shall be deemed and adjudged to be sufficient notice within the words and meaning of this ach

LXXVI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Bank to coit-authority aforesaid, That the said governor and company of the tinue a corpd-baak of England, and their successors, not withholding the re-demotion of all or any their own funds, in pursuance of the acts redeemed. 5cc* for establishing the same, or any of them, shall continue a corporation, till all the said several annuities shall be redeemed by parliament, according to the provisoes herein before contained in that behalf $ and that the said governor and company, or any member thereof, shall not incur any disability, for or by reason of their doing any matter or thing in pursuance of this act.

LXXVII. And whereas doubts may arise, whether the puttifoment in flicted in and by an act of Parliament made and pqffed in the eighth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the Ftrjf, intituled An act to prevent the mischiefs by foreign powers, to, 1 at^' V transfer such docks, or to receive such annuities or dividends as are therein mentioned; or by fraudulently personating the true owners thereof; and to rectify mistakes of the late managers fat taking subscriptions for increasing the capital dock of the South Sea company, and in the indruments founded thereupon, on persons guilty of the several species of forgery, and other offences therein mentioned, extends to the commission of the likd forgery and offences in relation to such capital flocks and funds as have been efta* blifoed by the authority of parliament, fine* tbf passing of the said act, and may be hereafter established; be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons whatsoever, from Penalty in the and after the first day of July, one thousand seven hundred recited act of

YoL. XXII. U and forging or

counter (citing

dividends or annuities thereon, &c. extended to t&if aft, &c.

Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. [1758.

letters of at and fifty eight, shall forge or counterfeit, or procure, to bcfbrg-torney, in or-^0r counterfeited, or knowingly and wilfully act or aslid, in thp t^nsfcrstock forg, ng or counterfeiting any letter of attorney, or other autho-in any of the rity or instrument, to transfer, assign, fell, or convey any share funds, Sec. or or shares, of any part of any share or shares, of or in any such£ccivenY capital stock or funds of any body or bodies politick or porpo*-rate established, or which shall be established, by any act or adU of parliament; or toYeceive any dividend or dividends, attending any share or shares, or any part of any share or shares, of, or in, any such capital stock or funds as aforesaid; ortoreceive any annuity or annuities, in respect whereof any proprietor or proprietors have of shall have any transferable share or shares of or in any capital stock or docks which now are, or hereafter shall be, established by any act or acts of parliament) in, pio-portion to their respective annuities; or shall forge or couator* feit, or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or knowingly and wilfully act or aflid in the forging or counterfeiting any the name or names of any the proprietors of any such share or shares in dock, or of any the persons intitled to any such annuity or annuities, dividend or dividends, as aforesaid, inortoany such pretended letter of attorney, indrument, or authority; or shall knowingly or fraudulently demand, or endeavour to have, any such share or shares in dock, or any part thereof, transferred, assigned, fold, or conveyed, or such annuity or annuities, dividend or dividends, or any part thereof, to be received by virtue of any such counterfeit or forged letter of attorney, authority or instrument; or shall falsely and deceitfully personate any true and real proprietors of the said shares in dock annuities and dividends, or any of them, or any part thereof, and thereby transferring or endeavouring to transfer the dock, or receiving or endeavouring to receive the money, of such true and lawful proprietor, as if such offender were die true and lawful owner thereof; then, and in every or any such case, all and every such person and persons, being thereof lawfully convicted in due form of law, shall be deemed guilty of felony^ and differ death as a felon, without benefit of clergy.

LXXVIII. And whereas doubts may arise whether the pun'tjbjn$t inflicted in and by an act of parliament made and passed in the feconi year of the reign of his present Majesty % intituled An act for the adofx Geo1» lTY)re ec<^ua^ preventing and further punhhment of forger), 'perjury, and hibernation of perjury; and to make it felony to deal bonds, notes, or other securities for payment of money, on persons guilty of the several species of forgery therein mentioned^ extends to the commijfm of the like forgeries with an intention to ii* of^/fPnSor fraud any corporation: be it therefore enacted by the authority a-Seed^wuf aT y forcfeid> That if any person from and after the first day of July^ obligation', one thousand seven hundred and fifty eight, shall falsely make, acquittance, forge, or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be falsly made, forged, &c with hi- or counterfeited, or willingly act or aflid in the false making, forg-a^corora-ng» or counterfeMng> any deed, will, tedament, bond, writing, tionExtended obligatory bill of.exchange, promissory note for payment of money, to thu ad. indorse-

1758.] Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. i$t

mdorfement or assignment of any bill of exchange, or prdmrfTory note for payment of money, or any acquittance or receipt either for money or goods, with an intention to defraud any corpora* tien whatsoever; or shall utter or publish as true, any ^false, forged, or counterfeited deed, will, testament, bond, writing, ' obligatory bill of exchange, promissory note for payment of ifto* ney, indorsement, or assignment of any bill of exchange, or pro- miffbrjrnotefor payment of money, acquittance or receipt eitbei* for money or go6d$, with intention to defraud any corporation, ' knowing the same to be false, forged, of counterfeited; then every such person, being thereof lawfully convicted according to the due course of law, shall be deemed guilty of felony, and suffer death as a felon, without benefit of clergy.

[General issue.]

LXXIX. And it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, Limitation of That if any person or persons shall, at any time or times, be anions, sued or prosecuted for any thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this act, or of any matter or thing in this act contained, such person or persons shall and may plead the general issue, and give the special matter in evidence for his or

eir defence 5 and if upon trial a verdict shall pass for the defendant or defendants, or the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall become Treble costs, nonsuited, then such defendant or defendants shall have treble costs to him or them awarded against such plaintiff or plaintiffs.

CAP. XXIII.

An act for the more easy and speedy recovery of small debts within the western division of the hundred of Brixton, in the county of Surry.

CAP. XXIV.

An act for the more easy and speedy recovery of small debts within the borough of Great Yarmouth, and the liberties thereof.

CAP. XXV.

An act for establishing a free market for the sale of corn and grain) within the city or liberty of Westminster.

WHEREAS the estabUshing a free market for the sale of corn and grainy within the city or liberty of Westminster, would be very advantageous to the inhabitants of the fend city and liberty, as well as the adjacent parts, but such market cannot be established with-out the aid of parliament: may it therefore please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and qonfent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That there foal} A free market be a free and open marker held within the city or liberty of Westf*0 r sale of minster\) forajl forts of corn and grain whatsoever; and that it^to be shall and may be lawful for any person or persons to buy or fell heuTin West-any sort of corn and grain, feed, malt, meal, and flour, in the minder, said market, without any disturbance or molestation whatsoever, nevertheless yielding and paying such sums as are herein after mentioned.

Ua II Jbd*

Trofttei

mxae

Trustee* impowered to set out and pur-Chafe ground, &c. for the fire of the market.

Bodies politick, guardians trofteestf and other persons interested in such grounds, fee. impowered to sell and convey the same for the purpose aforesaid.

ro fj.

'I

Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 25. ll75$i

II. And to end the fad intended market may be trt&ed9 ejbblifady and maintained under such rules and regulations, as are by this act herein after directed and prescribed\ be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the honourable major general Edufard Cornwallis, Sir John Crojfe baronet, and the representatives in parliament for the city of Westminster for the time being^Sir William Beauchamp Proctor baronet, George Cooke efauirc, and the vepresentatives in parliament for the county of Middlefeq for the time being; the honourable Charles Cavendish esquire* commonly called lord Charles Cavendish; the right honourable lord Carpenter in the kingdom of Ireland, Sir Richard Grofuenor, Sir Matthew Lambe baronets; George Onslow, John Wilkes, John Little, Nathaniel Curzon, Samuel Threjher, John Olmius, John Goodchild, John Drummond, Edward Byron, John Pudsey, Saunders Welsh, ClutUrbuck, John Walfb, Henry Cat-

tetty Thomas Gilpin, esquires; John Wright coachmaker,

Giffard, John Machin timber merchant, Latham

distiller, Thomas Chamberlain pewterer, Kemp Bridges laceman, Morris woollen draper, Thomas Bedwell ironmonger, Samuel Peirfon, Nicholas Speneer, Roger Jackson, Richard Lane, Thomas Brooke, and Nathaniel Better, gentlemen; shall, from and immediately after the passing of this act, be, and they are hereby appointed trustees for putting this act in execution.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said trustees, or any five or more of them, or any person or persons authorized by them, to set out ground proper for holding the said market at some convenient place within the said city or liberty; and also to purchase such ground, together with any buildings erected thereupon, or upon any part thereof, and all or any estate, term, or interest, subsisting the rein, and to convert the said ground into a market*in trust nevertheless, to and for the several uses, intents, and purposes, as are herein after declared concerning the same.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all persons whatsoever, bodies politick, corporate, or collegiate, corporations aggregate or foie, femes covert who are or (half be seised or interested in their own right, trustees and feoffees in trust, guardians and committees for lunaticks and ideots, executors, admini-. strators, and guardians whatsoever, not only in behalf of themselves, their heirs and successors, but also for and in behalf of their cestuique.trusts, whether infants or issue unborn, lunaticks, ideots, femes covert, or other persons whatsoever, who are or shall be seised or possessed of, or interested in, any lands, messuages, or tenements, which shall be within the bounds and limits so to be set out by the said trustees, as aforesaid, or any five or more of them, for the holding the said market thereon, tp contrsd for, fell, convey, or surrender to the said trustees, or any five or more of them, or to any person or persons they shall appoint in'trust for them, all or any such messuages, tends, tenements.

Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 25.

nements, or hereditaments*, or any part thereof, or any terms

*93

for years, or any estate or interest therein; and that all such such sale, and Contracts, agreements, bargains, sale, assignments, surrenders, 'conveyance, and other conveyances, which shall be Jo ihade as aforesaid*deemed good shall be good and valid in law to all intents and purposes what- in, aw* soever, not only to convey the estate and interest of the person, or persons conveying, but also all right, estate, interest, use; property, daim, and demand whatsoever, of their several and' mspective cestuique trtifts, whether infants or issue unborn, lunaticks, ideots; femes covert, or other persons whatsoever, and all persons claiming, or to claim, by, from, or under theta 7: ajny law, (htute, or usage, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, where such 1

That aH and every sum and sums of money which shall be lands, See. paid by the said trustees, for the purchase of such messuages, AwH beheldin lands, tenements; -nd hereditaments, or any estate therein, to ^'tobekid any person or persons whatsoever, bodies politick, corporate, or pur.al.collegiate, corporations aggregate oriole, femes covert, trustees chafes of other or feoffees in trust, guardians or committees for lunaticks or lands, Sec. of ideots, ' executors, administrators, or guardians whatsoever, ^u*l to ther as aforesaid, or in manner herein after directed, shall be laid, 5" toyJe

out again in the purchase of other messuages, lands, tenements, uses as declare or hereditaments, or of such estate therein, as the vender orvended in fuefy f ers had in the premisses, from the sale of which thii said purchase trusts. money arose; and the messuages, latate; ' tenements, 1 hereditaments, or other premisses, vwCK shall be purchased with the said money, shall be settled, conveyed, and assured, to the same uses, and stand charged with, and be liable to, the lame charge or charges, as the messuages, lands, tenements, or hereditaments, from the sale of which the purchase money shall arise. were liable to, and chargeable with, before the same were so sold to the said trustees.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, if the parties

That If it shall happen that any person or persons, bodies politick interested (halt corporate or collegiate, or Other person or persons whatsoever, rcfof totroaty vftto are hereby enabled to convey as aforesaid, shall refuse to / treat and agree with the said trustees, or to convey as aforesaid.

then; and in such case, it shall and may be lawful to ana

for the said trustees, or any five or more of them, to issue out Trustees iWtdj a warrant or warrants, precept or precepts, to the high bailiff of iflbetheir wap-WestTfiinJitt (who is hereby authorised and difefted to obey the !?, Vufactre) 10 impanel and return a competent number of substan- impanel and^ tiUl and disinterested persons qualified to serve on juries, T not less return a jury; than forty eight, nor more than seventy two 5 and out of such persons so to be impannelled, summoned, and returned, a jury of twelve persons shall be drawn by the said trustees, or any five or more of them; or same person to be by them, or anjf five or J*10 aw to be more of them, appointed; in such manner as juries for the trial f"The*tria 1 of ittues joined m his Majesty's courts at Westmirtfer} by an act of ifTucs join-made in the third year of the reign of his present Majesty (in- ed, by act of

U 3 tituled, l

1 directed.

Jurors may be challenged.

Trustees may summon and examine wit-nefleson oath; and order evidences and documents of the estates to be produced.

jury to view the place in question, and aiTcfs the damage and recompence on oath-

Trustees to give judgement thereupon; which is to be final and binding.

Notice of the meeting of the jury to oe given to the party in possession, &c.

or, if untenacted, to be published in the Garctte.

Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 25. [1758.

tituled, An act for the better regulation of juries) are drawn; which persons so to be impanelled, tummoned, and returned, arehere* by required to come and appear before the said trustees, or any five or more of them, at such time and place as in such warrant or warrants, precept or precepts, shall be directed and appoint- ed; and all parties concerned shall and may have their lawful challenges agairfft any of the said jurymen; and the said trustees, or any five or more of them, are hereby authorized and impowered by warrant or warrants under their hands and feais, from time to time, as occasion shall require, to call before them all and every person or persons whatsoever, who shall be thought proper and necessary to be examined as witnesses before them, touching or concerning the premises, and to require any person or persons who shall have any books, papers, deeds, or writings, which may tend to discover the value or the premiflTes, or the title or titles of the persons claiming any estate or interest therein, to produce the same to the said trustees, or any five or more of them, or such person or persons as they shall appoint to tnfpeft the same; and the said trustees, or any five or more of them, shall, and are hereby impowered to administer oaths, as well to the parties concerned, as to others, for the discovery of the truth of the value of the premiflTes, or of the title of the person or persons claiming any estate or imereft in the premisses? and shall and may authorize the said jury to view the place or places, or matters in question, in case the said trustees, or any five or more of them, shall think fit so to do 5 and the said jury upon their oaths (which oaths shall also beadministered by the said trusteesyor any five or more of them) shall inquire of, and assess such damages and recompence, as they shall judge fit to be awarded to the owners and occupiers of such houses, ground, or other estate or interest, or either of them, for their respective estates and interests therein, and which the said trustees shall adjudge necessary to be purchased for the purpose aforesaid; and the said trustees, or any five or more of them, assembled' together, shall and may give judgment for such sum or sums so assessed byfbcfi jury or juries respectively; which said verdict or verdict s, and the judgment, decree, or determination, thereupon declared and pronounced by the said trustees. Or any five or more of them, assembled together; and the value and recompence so to be assessed and declared (notice in writing being first given of the time and place and intent of the meeting of the said trustees, at lead twenty days before such meeting, to any person who is in possessioiw>f any estate or interest; then to be valued amd assessed; or in case such person or persons cannot be found to be personally served therewith, such notice being left at the dwelling-house or usual place of abode of such person or persons (b interested as aforesaid, or with fouie tenant or occupier of the messuages, lands, tenements, or premises, so to be valued and aftctTed, or atiy of them, or if wholly untenacted, then publication thereof being made in the London Gazette) shall be binding andconclusive tq all iptents andjmrposes whatsoever, against all

r7S&] Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 25.

and ttrcry'person or persons whatsoever, bodies politic or corporate* claiming any right, tide, ' trust, or interest, in, to, or out of, the said houset, grounds, tenements, and premises, to be affected by this act, either in possession, reversion, remainder, or expectancy* well infants, lunaticks, ideots, femes covert, tenants in tail, tenants for life, terms of years, or at will, his, her, and thefrheir?; feccessors, executors, and administrators; and the said vcrdiAs* judgments, orders, and other proceedings of the said Verdi#, and tnsfteevor any five or more of them, which concern such lands, judgment tenements, and hereditaments, shall be transmitted to, and en- djc, euP°n» tered or doequetted in, the register's office for the county of enter-Mtddkfexy and shall be deemed and taken to be records to all ed in, the re. intents and purposes whatsoever; and all persons may have re- gister's office, course to the same gratis, and take copies thereof, paying for the may

copies a sum not exceeding six pence for every two hundred and copies*0* words; and so proportionably for any greater number of words, taken thereof.

VII. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That up- y ment on payment of such sum or sums of money fotobeadjudgedforthCo^e^n af. purchase of the premisses, or any part thereof, the person or fefied, convey-persons intitled thereto shall make and execute, or procure to be ance to be made and executed, good, valid, and legal conveyances, assign- oMhe*" ments, and assurances in the law, to the said trustees and their p^miffts. successors, of the said premisses, for which such Aim or sums of1 money were so awarded, and shall do all such acts, matters and things necessary or requisite to make a good, real, and perfect title thereto $ and such conveyances, alignments, and assurances, Where shall contain all such reasonable and usual covenants as shall, on vinced°orffiaU behalf of the said trustees and their successors, be required; and be refofed to in case any person or oersons to whom such money shall be a- be made, warded as aforesaid, mall not evince a title to the said premisses to the said trustees, and make, or procure to be made, good and legal conveyances thereof, or shall refuse so to do, being the reunto required, such sum and sums of money so awarded as aforesaid, fccing ready to be paid to him, her or them, on ma-king such* title, and tendered for that purpose; or in case any ortbeproprie-person or persons intitled to the premisses for which sum or sumsor «ju*ot be of money shall be fb awarded as aforesaid, cannot be foundfound* within the city or liberty of Westminster or county of Middlesex; or in case that by reason of dilputes depending in any court of or it shall be law or equity, or for defect of evidence, it shall not appear to the doubtful who said trustees, or any five or more of them, what person is or are intitled to the premisses in question, that then, and in all and every or any such case and cales as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said trustees, or any five or more of them, to order such sum or sums of money so awarded as aforesaid, as the value of and purchase money for the said pre- the trustees misles, to be paid into the bank of England for the use of the par-^ties interested in the said premisses, to be paid to them, and each payawJhK the and evety of them, according to their respective estates and in- premisses, interfts-in the said premisses, at such times as the said trustees, or the bank*toy five-or more of them, shall, by warrant or warrants under

money.

*9$ Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II.

their hands, order and direct; >^nd the <c?ih«r «nd: tciihiorsiqf the bank of England, who flaajl receive such fumand sums, is receipt to be and are hereby required to give a receipt or receiptS'for/ticfrfao]jven for the ^ncj furpS mentioning and specifying for what premises, asvd for whose use the same is or are received* to such person or persons as shall pay such sum or sums into the bank of Enghmd as afore-snd to be said \ which receipt or receipts shall be tjransmitted to, and en-transmittedto>^ered qr doequeued in the register's office of the coupey of Mid-#ndenteredin, dlesex, in manner aforesaid, and shall be deemed and taken to be office?lAer5 recPr^s to all intents and purposes whatsoever $ and immediate- ly on such payment and registry all the.estate, right, title, use, after which, all trust, property, equity of redemption, claim apd demand in law right in the and equity, of all and every person and persons for whose use veftlnithe° money was of, in, to, from, and out of the said pre-

tiuitces. misses, or any part thereof, shall vest in the said trustees and their successors, apd they the said trustees, and their successors, shall be deemed in law to be in the actual possession thereof, and to be seized thereof in fee-simple, freed and discharged from all claims, demands, and equity of redemption either at jaw or in equity, to all intents and purposes, as fully and effectually, as if all and every person and persons, having any estate, right, title, trust, interest, or equity of redemption, of, in, to, from, or out of the said premises, had actually conveyed the same by lease and release, bargain and sale, inrolled feoffment, with livery of seisin, fine and recovery, or any other conveyance whatsoever 5, and such payment shall not only bar all right, ti-tje, ipterect, equity of redemption, claim, and demand, of the person or persons to whose use such payment was made; but also mall extend to and deemed and construed to bar the {lower and dowers of the wife or wives of such person or persons, and all $states tail, and remainders, as fully and effectually is a fine or recovery would do, or would have done, if levied or suffered by proper parties in due form of law.

the PpuCnt

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, chafe money, That from and immediately after payment made for the.lands trustees may and hereditaments so to be purchased as aforesaid, it shall and enter on the may be lawful for the said trustees and their successors to en-cowerr the"^ ler upon premisses so purchased, and every part thereof, far*« into a and to convert the same to be used as a free market as afore-jnarket.«' said.

IX. Aid, for raising a sum of money sufficient for the payment of the purchase of such lands and hereditaments, and other ibepur-Trustees may poses'of this act \ be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, borrow money yhat it shall and may be lawful to apd fof the said tnjftees, or ^fes o/This foore of them, and they are hereby authorized and

aft y f

and build

fUda and

{lands in the market

in^powere^ so raj fe, borrow, taste, and receive, of and from any person or persons whomsoever, oc any body or bodies corporate pr-politick whatsoever, who are willing to lend and advance the same, any (urn or sums of money not exceeding in the whole the sum of thtee thg^sand pounds for the payment of such purchase qtoney, and fo/jptbpr the purposes of this act \ and to set up apd build upon fqch lands so to be purchased, all such (beds,

(lands.

175^.] Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 25. 297

stands, flalls, and other ere&ions, as shall be found necessary for constituting the said market; or in case it shall be found to or let the

bt more convenient and beneficial to let out such ground upon a ground on a

building ieafe or leases for the purposes aforesaid, it shall and Buildingleafe.

may be lawful for the said trustees, or any nine or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and impowered to set and let out such ground for the bed relit that can be gotten for the same, payable quarterly, or otherwise, upon a lease or leases, for any term or terms not exceeding sixty one years, to any person or persons who shall be willing to contract for and take the same, with proper covenants binding him or them to build and set up all needfary ere&ions thereupon for coverting the same into a market as aforesaid.

X. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That no money shall be borrowed on the credit of this act by the said tru- given in the flees* unless notice in the London Gazette shall be first given there- &azettebefore of at lead twenty days before the borrowing of such money. the borrowing

XI. Andy far discharging the debt to be incurred as aforesaid^ be ooiy*may be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and advanced for may be lawful to and for any person or persons to contribute, the purchase advance, and pay into the hands of the said trustees, or any five of, l^e annui- or more of them, or their treasurer for the time being, any sum tlcs>

or Turns of money not exceedingin the whole, the sum of three thousand pounds, for the absolute purchase of one or more an-puity or annuities, to be paid and payable during the full term of the natural life of such contributor or contributors respectively, pr the natural life of such other person or persons as shall be nominated by and on the behalf of such respective contributor or contributors, at the time of payment of his or their respective contribution monies; which annuity or annuities shall not ex- after the rate peed the rate of eight pounds per centum per atmum9 for every of 81 Per one hundred pounds, and so in proportion for any greater or ^urnT less sum to be advanced and paid as aforesaid $ all which annui-.ties so to be pprehafed, shall not exceed in the whole, the sum of two hundred and forty pounds per aunumy and shall be payable and naid by the said trustees, or any five or mere of them, in such "place within the said city or liberty of Westminster, as, they, or any five or more of them, shall for that purpose appoint, by quarterly payments, the first payment to begin and be and to fee paid made, to the respective purchaser or purchasers, and his or their <luartef*y« assigns, at the expiration^of three months after payment of their Annuities to respective purchase monies; which annuities shall be publickly be sold to the sold by the said trustees, to the best bidder for the same. bidder.

XII. And it is hereby enacted, That there shall be provided Names and by the said trustees, and kept in such place within the said city abode of the or liberty oiAVeJlniinfler> as-they, or any five or more of them, purchasers, shall appoint, a book or books in which shall be fairly written and by'whonT in words at length, the names and surnames, with the proper paid/&c. to additions and places of abode, of all such persons who shall be be enttr'd in proprietors of any of the annuities aforesaid, and of all persons proper books jpy whole hands the said purchasers shall pay in any sum or sums

298 Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II.

[175$;

of money upon the credit of this act, and also the sum fopatf for the purchase of such annuities, and the respective days ef to which re- payment thereof; to which book and books, it ftajlbe lawful course may be for the said respective purchasers, and their assigns, -and' to and gratu. for any other person or persons, at all seasonable tithes, to hate recourse to and inspect the same, without fee or rewajxL, Annuities en- ,

XIII. And it is hereby further enacted, That all and every furcd the the contributor and contributors upon the credit of tbie ad, purchasers, duly paying the consideration or purchase-money at the rato>aforesaid, for any such annuity or annuities as aforesaid, or finch.person or persons as he, she, or they, shall appoint, his, her, or their respective assigns, shall have, receive, and enjoy the respective annuity or annuities so to be purchased, during the term of the natural life of the person to be nominated by each such purchaser or contributor, as above mentioned; and that all and every such purchaser, and purchasers, and their assigns respee-tiveljr, shall have good, sure, absolute, and indefeazabie estatee and interest in the annuities so by them respectively to be purchased, according to the tenor and true meaning of this act; and to be tax an<* none of the said annuities shall be subject or liable to

free. any tax assessed upon land by authority of parliament; and that

Receipts to be every contributor upon the credit of this act for the purchase 06 given to con- 501T such annuity, or annuities as aforesaid, his, her, or their tributors for assigns, upon payment of the consideration or purchase^money the money for the Came, at the rate aforesaid, or any part or ptoportioa Saem, n by hereof, into the hands of the said trustees, or any five or more of them, or their treasurer for the time being, shall have one or more receipt or receipts, importing the receipt of so much pur-anduponcom- chafe-money as shall be so paid; and upon payment of all the Plea^8their purchase-money for any such annuity or annuities, every such ordw^is to be contributor, his, her, or their assigns respectively, shall have an given them on order on parchment or vellum for payment of the said annuity vellum or or annuities, for and during the natural life of such person as P^cl\mkent' shall be nominated by such contributor or purchaser, as afore-trSurtCees/forC^> which order shall be signed by the said trustees, or any payment of five or more of them, and after signing thereof, the same shall their annui- be firm, good, valid, and eflrectual, in the law, according to the tic8, purport and meaning thereof, and of this act*

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid* Annuitiesmay That it shall and may be lawful to and for any purchaser or be assigned. purchasers of any such annuity or annuities as aforesaid, and nis, her, and their executors, administrators, or assigns, at any time or times, by writing under his, her, or their hands and seals (without any (lamp thereupon) to assign such annuity or annuities, or any part thereof, or any interest therein, to any Entry to be person or persons whatsoever, Jnd so tot'us quoting and a me-made thereof, morandum or entry of all such alignments, shall be made in a book, which is hereby required to be kept for that purposeat*the charge of the said trustees, as aforesaid; which entry or me-

- morandum, shall be mzte gratis*

Annuities

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, charged upon That

1758.] Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 2 5. 299

That all and every the annuities so to be purchased under and thereof* ami by virtue of this act, shall be, and are hereby charged upon, and P* tb* shall be paid and payable from time to time, upon all monies anting by the rents and profits of the (heds, (falls, (lands, and all other buildings and erections, to be set up in and upon the groynd to be set out and appointed for the (cite of the said market, and all other the profits whatsoever, arising or accruing by or from the Cud market, to the said trustees, and their successors.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all the lands, tenements, and hereditaments, to be pur- Thegroundi, chafed by virtue and under the authority of this act, for the pro-

late of the said market as aforesaid, and all (heds, (falls, (lands, fits of the P and other eredtkms to be built or let up thereupon, and the market, veiled rents and profits arising from the same, shall be and are herebyn th* trustee*, vested in the said trustees, and their successors, for ever; and that they shall stand seized thereof in trust, for the several uses, herein decla-intents, and purposes, herein after mentioned and declared, con- red. ceraing the same; that is to say, The said trustees, and their successors, or any five or more of them, shall, out of the first inonies to be borrowed or arising by granting of leases, or the sale of annuities, as aforesaid, or by any other ways and means finder the authority of this act, pay and discharge the reasonable expences of obtaining and passing this act of parliament; and N shall in the next place pay off and discharge all debts that shall be incurred by the purchase of the ground whereon' the said market shall or may be erected, and all such charges and expences as shall necessarily attend the erecting and constituting the same; and the rents, produce, and profits, arising thereby, shall be applied in paying the annuity or annuities to be granted to such purchaser or purchasers, as aforesaid, so long as any of them shall live; and all such savings as shall from time to time be made by the death of any such annuitants, shall, after the discharge of all debts accrued for effeffing the purposes of this act, be appropriated in manner herein after mentioned.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Tods to be That there shall be paid to the said trustees, or such other person paid for corn or persons as the said trustees, or any five or more of them, shall, from time to time, appoint to receive the same, the following Aims, by all and every person and persons felling any sort of corn or grain, feed, malt, meal, or (four, in the said market $ that is to say,

One penny for every sack of com, grain, malt, meal, or The toll* j flour; and.

One half-penny for every bushel of feed.

Which said several sums shall, and they are hereby declared to they are veiled be vested in the said trustees, and their successors and the same, f"r, ^e, rUlft*e* and every part thereof, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of,

and assigned to and for the several uses, intents, and purposes, aft {

joo Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II.

and in such manner, as by this act is dlreded; and it shall^rid may be lawful to and for the said trustees, or any five1 Of liiort of them, ov such person or persons as they, or any fiveoffmOre of them, under their hands and seals, shall, at a gerleral'tneeting, nominate and appoint, to demand and take the fumShere^ and may be by granted and made payable; and to levy thefome upon any levied by dif- person or persons, who shall, after demand thereof made, ne-tress and ikk. g|c&^refuse to pay such sums, as aforefehh by distrefstrf' arty goods or chattels belonging to the person or persons who by this act are made liable to the payment of the same, and to keep such goods and chattels so distrained, until such sums, with the reasonable charges of such dtstress, shall be'paid; and such person or persons so distraining, after the space of three days after such distrefe made and taken, shall and may fell the goods or chattels so distrained, returning the overplus (if any be)* upon demand, to the owner thereof, after such sums, and the reasonable charges for distraining, keeping, and felling the lame, shall be deduded and paid.

Trustees to

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, inake regula- That the said trustees, pr any nine or more of them, shall and government at or any ^cc^ing general meeting, by writing

of the market* wiser their hands and frease, make rules and regulations for the and appoint*government of the said market; and shall and may chuse and collectors, appoint one or more fit person or persons to be collector or col-atS other*of- ^e<^ors of the fQms aforesaid, and shall also appojnt one of tno're ficeh,treasurer or treasurers, and all other necessary officers as to thent shall appear proper, for the better execution of the powers chiW twined'if* this act, allowing to such person or persons so by them with salaries, appointed* such salaries or other rewards for their trouble, 1 artrif &c. the said trustees, or any nine or more of them, shall appear strlf

and reasonable; and the said trustees, or any nine or more of them, shall and they are hereby impowered, to remote bt^difV ptace; such treasurer or treasurers, coliedor or collectors, 6t other person or persons whatsoever, so by them from time to timb ssp-Collectors and pointed, and to place others in their dead; and the person or treasurer*)to persons so appointed to collect and receive the said fmri Or sums, a^couiH^otbc arMj ajf0 such treasurer or treasurers so appointed as aforesaid, rnonthlyw er, (halh before the said trustees, or any five or more of them, up-pftener. If re- on the first Monday in every month, or oftener, if thereunto required; quired by the said trustees as aforesaid, give in a truq, e*ad; and perfect account irt writing, under their respective hands, of alf the monies which he or they, and every or any of them, (half tQ'such time have received, paid, and disbursed, by virtue of thi*

act, by reason of their respedivp offices, and produce vouchees for the same, and shall pay over the balance to such person ori persons as the said trustees, or any five or more of them, shall at such meeting direct; and in case such treasurer or treasurers, collector or colTeddrs, shall refuse to give in such account, or to under pairi of 'pay such balance-as aforesaid, as often as required by the faridh pmaptifa^iir, trustees, or any five or more of them, at a general meeting, such person or persons so refusing shall be committed to tfcfe common* v gaol

v Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 25. 301

gaolof the said cky and, liberty of Wtfitninfier^ by warrant under

the hai>d and seal of arw pne of his Majesty's justfoca of the peace for the said city and liqerty, upon application made to him by any two of the said trustees, there to, remain without bail pr

raaipprjze, until he or they shall make.or render in, a true* ex-

ad, and perfect accqunt, of their, receipts and disbursements,

by virtue of this act, and shall have produced and delivered up

all vouchee relating thereto, and shall have like wife.paid over tin pay men for the money due on such account, to such person or persons as composition

the said trustees, or any five or mote of them, shall direct and he made.

appoint to Receive the same, or shall have made such pompost-

tien as the said trustees, or any five or more of them, shall ap-

prove; which composition the said trustees* or any five or more of them, are hereby impowered to make and accept.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Treasurer to That the said trustees, or any five or more of them, are hereby give security. authorized and required, to take such security from the treasurer or treasurers to be appointed for the purposes of this act, for the due execution of his and their said office and offices, as to the said trustees, or any five or more of them, shall seem meet.

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Trustees to That the said trustees, or any five or more of them, shall yearly renderan ac-and every year, within six weeks next after the twenty fifth day count annual-of December, make and deliver in to the justices of the peace for^of ['heirre-

!fie said city and liberty of Westminster* at the general quarter ceipts and dif-eifions, or any adjournment thereof assembled, a just, true, and burfements. perfect account in writing, fairly entered in a book or books to be kept for that purpose, and signed by the said trustees, or any five or more of them, of all and every sum and Turns of money, which they shall know to have been received or disbursed un-4er the authority of this a#, during the preceding year, with the balance (if any) remaining in the hands of the said trustees*and Account to be such accounts shall be kept by the clerk of the said (eifions a-, kept amongst mong the records thereof, to be inspected by any person or per- words of fons desiring the same, upon payment of one shilling to the said the ons 8 clerk; and if any surpluS of the said fum$, shall remain in the and the fur.'hands of the said trustees, the same is hereby appropriated to, pl*» moniea and shall be applied, yearly and every year, by, them, within^werffirlbc twelve months next after the delivering of such accounts to the ofn, e Caid justices as aforesaid, to the treasurer for the time being of Weltmiriiter Westminster Infirmary* for the benefit of the said charity. Infirmary.

XXIr And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, corn> £C# That it shall and may be lawful to and for any corn chandler, bought by the or other person or persons whatsoever, who shall buy any com corn chand. or grain, feed, malt, meal, or flour, in the said market, to sell the same again in any other place or places within, the said city, (bid again or liberty of Westminster, or elsewhere, without any Jet or diUby them in turbance frorp any person or persons whatsoever for so doing;ny other any lawi or Statute to the contrary thereof in any wise not with-landing. rr: ' >*. liberty.' 4

XXII. 4*d whereas by an at? paffid in the twenty fewdJWfl </Tciause in att

iiiapco.a.

302 Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c*' % [175ft.

Ms Mayefifs reign t intituled, Atvad for making*free market for the Tale of fish, in the city of Westminster $ and for preventing the forestalling and monopolizing of fish, and for allowing the toe of fish under the dimensions mentioned in a dause contained m an act of the first year of his late Majesty's reign, in case the lame are taken with a hook, the cemmimeners for building a bridge cross the river Thames, from the New Palace Yard, in the city ef Westminster, to the opposite /here in the cmnty of Surry, were im+ powered to make a grant to the trustees appointed by the said act of the twenty second year of his Majestfs reign, of a piece of ground near Common Row, in the said city Westminster, which was conveniently situated for holding the said intended market, which grant has been since made for the purposes of the said act: and whereas the said piece of ground may be found convenient for holding the said com If the feiteof market, in common with the said fish market \ be it therefore enact-the fish mar- ed by the authority aforesaid, That in case the trustees herein ket shall be before appointed by this act, or any nine or more of them, shall convenient for gn(] the said piece of ground to be proper and convenient for corn nfarket holding the said market for the sale of corn and grain, that then in common it shall and may be lawful to and for the trustees, appointed to with it, put the said act of the twenty second year of his Majesty's reign th* trU'*ted*n execution, or any five or more of them, to contract and a-anVthis act, ' SrCc w, th the trustees for putting this act in execution, to per-areimpowered mit and suffer the said piece of ground to be used as a free and to agree to open market for all forts of corn and grain, feed, malt, meal, permit such anj whatsoever, in common with the said market for the thereof*madC kle &lh > and the said trustees appointed by the said act of the twenty second year of his present Majesty's reign, are hereby authorized and impowered, in case such agreement shall take place, to use and apply the said piece of ground for the holding of a market for all forts of corn and grain, feed, malt, meal, and flour, in common with the said market for the sale of fish; anything in the said act of the twenty second year erf his present Majesty, or any other ad contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

If such agree-

XXIII. Provided always, in case such agreement shall take mont take place, that then from and immediately after the execution there-

place, the ass tfoe powers and authorities vested by this act in the truf*

jnThe^ruitcrttecs herein named, shall cease and determine 5 and that then pamed in this and from thenceforth, the trustees appointed to put in execution att, are to the said act of the twenty second year of his present Majesty, arC l>e> and they are hereby declared to be, trustees for putting ftees namedTnh*s in execution, and shall be, and are hereby declared to the recited a&j be, inverted with all and every the powers and authorities in this act contained, in as full and ample manner, to all intents and purposes as if they had been originally nominated and appointed as trustees for putting this act in execution, and the leffeet

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, fn are uTbe That it shall and may be lawfu) to and for the said trustees ap-impowered by pointed to put the said act of the twenty second year of his pre-tfcem, to per- lent Majesty's reign in execution, or any five or more of them, in

1758.] Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 25. 303

ia case toh agreement shall take place as aforesaid, to impower mit the hou-the lefibe or Wfeesof the said premisses for the time being* his, !cs> her, of, their executors, administrators, orassigns, to; permit or pur-

(offer any person or persons whatever, to inhabit, dwell in, or p0fe$ of buy-occupy, any aefiuage, dwelling* house, (hop, or other building ing andfelling whatsoever, which mall be erected or built, in or upon any part corn* of the said premisses, for the exercising or carrying on- therein, any occupation, trade, or bufinefe, which shall relate to thebuying or felling of corn and grain, feed, malt, meal, and flour; any law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the a»- Trustees may thority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the suspend the said trusteos, or any nine or more of them, if they shall think fit, payment of to Suffer corn and grain, feed, malt, meal, and flour, to be sold for ears any time not exceeding the space of three years from the open- 1 y9 ing of the said market, without the payment of any toll; and an(j may ajf0 also to reduce or lessen the toll, from time to time, a* to them, reduce the or any pine or more of them, at a publick meeting assembled,

shall appear reasonable (notice of which'meeting shall be given in the London Gasutti, one week at least before such meeting) any thine in this act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted and de- Trusteesdifa.

dared. That no person or persons appointed or to be appointed bled from by this act a trustee or trustees for putting the same in execution, holding any shall have or accept of any place of profit, arising out of or by uJ^r°thisaa reason of any sums by this act laid or granted, but such person u 1 '

or person9 shall be incapable of alting as a trustee or trustees,

from the time of his accepting, and during the enjoyment of fetch place of profit as aforesaid.

XXVII. And, for continuing a sufficient number of trustees,

for putting this act in execution 5 be it further enacted by the Election of authority aforesaid, That when and as often as any trustee or new truflecs. trustees, shall die, or by writing under his or their hand refuse to alt, it shall and may be lawful for such of the said trustees as shall survive or remain, or any nine or more of them, at any general meeting, by any writing or writings under their hands and seals, to elect, nominate, and appoint, one or more fit person or persons, in the room or place of such trustee or trustees so dying or refusing to alt as aforesaid; and such person or persons so elelted, nominated, or appointed, shall be joined with such surviving or remaining trustees, in the execution of all and every the powers in them reposed by virtue of this act.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, First meeting That the first meeting of the said trustees, shall be on the first of the tru-Tuesday in July, one thousand seven hundred and fifty eight, atilcc,

the house known by the name of the King's Arms Tavern in New Palace Tardy within the said city of Westminster; and they flVaU power of4.

have power to adjourn their succeeding meetings, from time to journnfent. time, and to such places within the said city or liberty; as they shall think fit

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Limitstion U

That

304 Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 26.

[175$.

That if any altion, plaint, suit, or information, shall be commenced or prosecuted against any person or persons for what he or they shall do in pursuance of execution of this act, the same shall be commenced within six months after the offence committed; and fitch person or persons so sued in any court what* General issue. soever, shall and may plead the general issue not guilty, and upon any issue joined, may give this act and the special matter in evidence; and if the plaintiff or prosecutor shall becomenon-suit, or forbear further prosecution, or suffer a discondnuance; Treble costs, or if a verdict pass against him, the defendant shall recover treble costs, for which he shall have the like remedy, as in any case where costs by the law are given to defendants, publick act.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That this act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a pute-lick alt, and be judicially taken notice of as such by all judge?, justices, and other persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXVI.

An act to explain* amend, and enforce an act made in the last fejfum of parliament, intituled An act for the better ordering of the militia forces in the several counties of that part of Great Britain called England.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS several doubts have arisen, and difficulties have occurred, in carrying into execution an act passed in the last session of parliament, intituled An act for the better ordering of the militia forces in the several counties of that part of Great Britain called England: and whereas it has been found, that some farther provisions are necessary, in order to enforce the execution of the said - e aft; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent maje-so^r&ntc* by and with the advice and confirm of the lords spiritual tien to lieute- and temporal, and commons, in parliament assembled, and by nants to exe- the authority of the same, That in all counties, ridings* or cute the mili- places, wherein nothing has been done towards carrying the said forming to the a<^ mto exccut*°n, his Majesty's lieutenant for every such county, former act riding, or place, shall immediately proceed to put in execution where unre- the said recited act, and this prefient alt; and that his Majesty's pealed by this lieutenants, and all other persons concerned in such execution, the new pro- shall, in all points, conform them dives to the directions of the visions of this. k»d former act so far only as they are not either amended or rein counties pealed by this present act; and in all counties, ridings, or places, where they vhere some progress has been made towards the execution of the ceeded°so^far^former but not foment to enable them to chuse the as to be able to men by lot out of the lifts already returned, his Majesty's lieu-chuse by lot tenant of every such county, riding, or place, and all other per-out of the lifts foos concerned as aforesaid, shall begin with and proceed in the comities tobe- execut, on Of the said former act, and of this present act, in like gin the whole" manner, to all intents and purpose$, as if nothing had been execution of hitherto done in such county, riding, or place, towards the ex-

the two acts ecuiion of the said former act; and that in all counties, ridings, de novo. J

1758.] Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. iS. 3°5

or places where the mflltia meri have been actually chosen byn cour!}!el^ lot, or Where they can now be chosen Oat of the lifts already ^n^ofe ° returned, cither for the whole county, or for any subdivision by lot out of thereof, his Majesty's lieutenant, and all other pferlons concern- the lifts reed in the execution of the said former act, and of this present turned, the act, within such county, riding, or place, shall proceed to exe- ^formVraft cute the remaining provisions of the said former act (which have to beexecut-not been yet executed in all or any of the subdivisions within ed, as amend-such county, riding, or place) as the same are amended, suppli- ct* bY tbi<* cd, or enforced, by the provisions of this hdt.

II. And be it enacted, Thaft his Majesty's lieutenant of every Dfreflion to county, riding, or place, shall, and he is hereby required to appoint a proper number of comm'fffion bfficers to train and difei- militia* before pline the militia of his respective county, riding, ' or place, be- the second fore the times appointed for holding the second meetings of the meeting of the deputy lieutenants and justices of the peace within theirfcefpec-tive subdivisions, for chusing by lot the persons to fervt in the thef^subdivl-militia for such county, riding, or place. fions.

III. And whereas in the said recited act passed in the last Repeal.of the.feflron of parliament, there is contained a proviso. That there ^nfer^a16 shall not be more than three commission officers (that is to fey) p°efcrshing one captain, one lieutenant, and one ensign, to eighty private that there shall men, and foin proportion, as near as may be, to an)T greater he more or lesser number of private men, which has been found inconvenient; be it therefore enacted and declared, Thurthe said ^Kn°^nr^0c proviso shall be and is hereby repealed. in proportion

IV. And be it enacted, That a person seised or poflsessed, either in law or equity, for hrs own use and benefit, in possession of

an estate for a certain term originally granted for twenty one A feafehold years or more, and renewable, of an annual value, over and a- |tc bove all rents and charges payable out of or in respect of, thefor )Clirs same, equal to the annuaf value of such an estate ns is required renewable^ by the said recited act for the qualification of a deputy lieutenant be demand commission officer of the militia respectively, and situate as in the said recited act required, shall be, and is hereby deemed ty lieutenants* and declared to be, duly and sufficiently qualified to act and and officer* serve under such respective commission; any thing in the said recited act, or in this act, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it enacted, That in such counties where twenty Thatlnthofa deputy lieutenants cannot be found, who are seised or possessfed counties

of an estate of the yearly value of thiiee hundred pounds, as is pUtyre|i*ute- required by the said recited act, and this act, it may and shall nants cannot be lawful for his Majesty's lieutenant of any such county, ' toap- be found with point such number of persons to be deputy lieutenants as he 3°°1* qualin-Shall think fit, who shall respectively be seised or possessed of a bcuTenant^ like estate of the yearly value of two hundred pounds, and situate may appoint-as in the said recited act is required ^provided that the persons persons with so appointed shall not make the whole number of deputy-lieute- zoo, ' qualify nants for the said county to exceed the number of twenty; and catlon' every such person shall be, and is hereby deemed and declared Vot. XXII. X to

306 Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c.iG.

[1758.

to be, duly and sufficiently qualified to act and serve under such Power to cap- respective commission; any thing in the said recited act, or this win* corpo- a<^» contained to the contrary notwithstanding. rahanddrum.

VI. And be it enacted, That the captain of every company mers, and dif- of militia may and shall appoint two persons to be drummers to place them 5 his company, and may and shall appoint corporals out of the approbation* Pr, vate mcn his company, in the proportion of one corporal of^he lieute- to twenty men, and may displace such drummers and corporals nants, to ap- respectively for misbehaviour, and appoint others in their room, point serjeants from time to time, as he shall see occasion; and may and shaft htia^tQ11 fPPomt» W1*hhc approbation of his Majesty's lieutenant, fer-£lja0p v"can- Jeants out the private men of his company, to fill up such vacancies; and the cies of serjeants as may happen therein; and every such appointment shall be deemed an actual discharge of the person so appointed from serving in the militia as a private militia man; and that it shall be lawful for the colonel, or, in his absence, for the commanding officer of any battalion of militia, to displace, upon the application of the captain, any person so appointed a fcijcant out of the private militia men.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted and declared, That it is and shall be lawful for any deputy lieutenant, or justice of^w t the peace, to act in the execution of thistfft in any and every sub-

iicatenant and division within the county, riding, or place, for which he is or justice of the shall be commissioned \ and that each and every such deputy peace majraft lieutenant and justice of the peace, hath, and shall have, the vUiony fubdl* same power and authority therein, as is by the said recited act,

1 or by this act, given to any deputy lieutenant or justice of the peace, within the subdivision to which he is or shall be particularly appointed; any thing in the said recited act, or in this act, to the contrary notwithstanding.

A clerk For,

VIII. And be it enacted, That his Majesty's lieutenant for general any COunty, riding, or place, may and shall appoint a clerk for Tppoinfed°by general meetings within such county, riding, or place, and thelieutenant; may displace such clerk, if he shall think fit, and appoint ano-and clerks for ther in his room; and the deputy lieutenants, at their first meel-the subdivision ing within their respective subdivisions, or the major part of appointed by them Present, may and shall appoint a clerk for their subdivifi-

colonel or commanding officer of the battalion, may, upon complaint to the captain, remove such ierjeants.

A deputy

on, and may, at any other meeting within their subdivision, displace such clerk, it they, or the major part of them present, shall think fit, and appoint another in his room.

IX. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in every county, riding, or place, in which commissions for the field officers, and captain of any one battallion of the militia of such county, riding, or place, have not already been given and accepted in pursuance of the said recited act, his Majesty's lieu-ycrtife a meet- tenant shall, within fourteen days after the passing of this act, or qifahfic^and*af f°°nster* may be, by an advertisement inserted in the Lon-willing to act don GaXitU, and also in some one or more of the weekly news as officers in papers (if any such there be) published or usually circulated with the militia for in such county, riding, or place, summon a meeting of all per-or placet* y ^oflS qualified according to the directions of the said recked aft,1 and the deputy lieutenants.

Where cora-mtflions have not been issued, or accepted of, the lieu tenant to ad -

1758.] Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 26. m 307

and of this act, to serve as officers in the militia of such county, riding, or place, and willing to accept such commissions, to be holden on some certain day with one month after the publication of such advertisement; and at some certain place within such where they are county, riding, or place; in order that every person so qualified ^d^name? as aforesaid, and willing to accept any such commission, may, at and ranl!^ such meeting, deliver his name in writing, or cause it to be de- are willing t livered to his Majesty's said lieutenant, or in case of his absence, serve in j to such person as shall be authorized by such lieutenant to receive the same, specifying also the rank in which he is willing to serve; and that if his Majesty's said lieutenant shall not ben^/at ^uc*1 able to find, within one month after such meeting, so many per- |*n°r fons qualified and willing to accept the commissions of field offi- month after, cers and captains respectively, as shall be equal to the number a sufficient of field officers and captains requisite for any one battalion of the nu|»bef of militia of such county, riding, or place, then, and in (bch case, shall

it shall be lawful for his Majesty's said lieutenant, upon notice not lie found thereof published by him in the London Gazette, and such other tfc accept papers as aforesaid, to suspend all farther proceedings in the ex- commifBpns, ecution of the provisions of the said recited act, and of this a<Jl, [8f by^emi?-within such county, riding, or place, until the following year; lick notice, to and that whensoever and as often as such execution shall have suspend all been so suspended, his Majesty's said lieutenant (Kall/ori or bc-^Bf*er fore the twenty fifth day of March next following, fuSirhon, In ^March fol-like manner, and with like notice, a meeting withYn such coun- lowing, when ty, riding, or place, of all persons so qualified and willing to like fumraons ierve as aforesaid; and his Majesty's said lieutenant, and all other and notice is persons, shall proceed thereupon, and also in the farther exccu- SdtSwSvU tien of the provisions of the faic} recited act, and of this act, in font in the like manner, to all intents and purposes, as he and they respect former and tively ought to have done, in case a sufficient number of persons*»*

so qualified and willing to serve as aforesaid, had been found in into fSu*

the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty eight. execution.

X. Provided always, That no commission shall be granted to The names of*any person to be an officer of the militia of any county, riding, persons Sn-

or place, until the lieutenant of such county, riding, or place, tended for of-Shall have certified the name of such person to his Majesty, his ^cr*a"to^e heirs, ' or successors (which such lieutenant is required to do) Majesty, be-and in case his Majesty, his heirs, or successors, shall, within one fort* commifli-month after such certificate laid before his Majesty, his heirs, or onsbegram-successors, signify his or their disapprobation of such person to 5^ them i and be such officer in the said militia, his Majesty's said lieutenant wfthiiFa shall not grant such commission to such person. .....month, his

XI. And be it enacted, That the method for carrying into disapprobati-

execution the said recited act, and this afKto be bfcferved in the on of any such, year one thousand seven hundred and fifty eight, % a!l be'as M- h°to^grant loweth; that is to say, His Majesty's lieutenant fiSr each /county, ed to such pending, or place, together with any two or morddcpGtVt^ son./

and on the death or removal, 6r in the absence ontt^jl&jesty's lieutenant, the deputy lieutenants, or any three or Of them, '-cWrwife th*

shall meet at some city or principal town*<, f the county, tiding, or former and

X 2 place, this into

prtfenitxcctK

308 Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 26. [1758.

tien. viz. a ge- place, for which they shall be commissioned, on the third TuefdtiJ to be tadof*8 m an<* at t^ie, r general meeting, appoint iub-

thelieutenants divisions of the deputy lieutenants within their respective coun-and deputy ties, ridings, and places, and the times and places for their first lieutenants in meetings within the said subdivisions respectively, and the time countiesPC&cVC am* P*ace for a second general meeting; and shall issue out their inUAugust, for °rders to the chief constable, and where there is no chief confta-appointing the ble, to some other officer of the several hundreds, rapes, laths, subdivisions of wapentakes, or other divisions, within their respective counties, lieutenants ridings, places, to require, by orders under their hands, the slnd constable, tythingman, headborough, or other officer, of each

meetings parish, tything, or place, within their respective hundreds, rapes, therein, and laths, wapentakes, or other divisions, to return to the deputy aUotbe second lieutenants within their respective subdivisions, at the place and fne.Cra mCct onlie day appointed at the said first general meeting, fair and Orders to be true lifts in writing, of all the men usually and at that time then, issued to dwelling within their respective parishes, tythings, and places; the constables, between the ages of eighteen and fifty years, distinguishing their day apUpointeda respective ranks and occupations, and which of the persons so to the deputy*returned, labour under any infirmities incapacitating them from lieutenants, serving as militia men, having first affixed a true copy of such Lifts of the in- jjft on the door of the church or chapel belonging to such parish, tweerT18*and typing* or place > al)d if any place, being extraparochial, shall soyearsosage, have no church or chapel belonging thereto, on the door of the dminguishing church or chapel of some parish or place thereto adjoining on the each person. Sunday morning before they shall make such return; and on hftPto be affix- ^lc anc* at the place, (o respectively appointed as aforesaid, ed on the door for the returns of the lifts, the said deputy lieutenants, or any of the church three or more of them, or any two deputy lieutenants, together wthC Sunday with any one justice of the peacfc, or any one deputy lieutenant, turnTs made6 together with any two justices of the peace, so assembled in their Deputy heme- subdivisions, shall (after hearing any person who shall think nants, assisted himself aggrieved by having his name inserted in such lifts, ot by the justice, by any others being omitted) direct such lifts to be amended, as ?he^returns°* ca^e ^a^ rccluire> and a t^e names of all persons by this after hearing a<^ respectively excepted, to be struck out of the said lifts, and particular shall appoint the times and places for their second meetings grievances, are within their respective subdivisions, and shall return to the second lifts^and then Senera* meeting all the lifts for the several parishes, tythings, and appoint1 a re1-" places, so amended j at which said second general meeting, his cond meeting Majesty's lieutenant, together with any two or more deputy The lifts so a- lieutenants, or, in the abfcence of his Majesty's said lieutenant, returned to^he any or m°re deputy lieutenants, shall order copies to be nex^ generalC made of all the said lifts, and such copies to be returned to the meeting} deputy lieutenants at their second meetings within their fubdk when orders visions, wherein the parishes, tythings, and places, for which for co ^es*of n lifts are made and returned, are respectively fituafe; and the ftddHifts to shall appoint what number of men in each respective hundred, be made out, rape, lath, wapentake, or other division, shall serve in the said and returned militia, towards raising the number of militia men, by the said

to the deputy r€C; tej act ordered and directed to be raised for such respcdUve lieutenants

at their second -A COUnty,

ipec tings in

*75.] Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. i6.

county, riding, or place, in proportion to the whole number their subdivi-contained in such lifts; and the said deputy lieutenants, or.any nurn-

three or more of them, or any two deputy lieutenants, together ber Of men with any one justice of the peace, or any one deputy lieutenant, each hundred, together with any two justices of the peace, assembled at their^w to fur. said second meetings within the said subdivisions, shall cause theascertained -C number of men appointed at the said second general meeting to at said fe-serve for each respective hundred, rape, lath, wapentake, or other cond meetings division, to be chosen by lot out of the lifts of the several parishes, fuel> number^tythings, and places, within the same; and the said deputyj* t°0j lieutenants, or any one or more of them, shall appoint another t£e \\nu meeting to be held within three weeks in the same subdivision, A meeting is and shall issue out an order to the chief constable, or other officers then to be ap£ of the respective hundreds, rapes, laths, wapentakes, or other divisions, to direct the constable, tythingman, headborough, other officer of each parish, tything, or place, to give notice toand orders if-cverv man so chosen to serve in the miltfia, to appear at such sued forfiim-" meeting; which notice shall be given or left at his place of abode, to

at lead seven days before such meeting; and every person so^pear there-chosen by lot, shall, upon such notice, appear at such meeting, at 5 and there take the oath by this act directed to be taken (which the men to ap» oath any one deputy lieutenant is hereby authorized then and Pcaf there to administer) and shall be inrolled to serve in the militia of such respective county, riding, or place, as a private militia rolied, to serve man, for the space of three years, in a roll to be then and therefor 3 years; prepared for that purpose, or shall provide a fit person (to be^p^g approved by the said deputy lieutenants, or any three or more of proper substi* them, or by any two deputy lieutenants, together with any onetutes; justice of the peace, or by any one deputy lieutenant, together with any two justices of the peace then met) to serve as his fpb-stitute; which substitute so provided, shall take the said oath, and who are to bt sign on the said roll his consent to serve as his substitute, during sworn, and figu the said term; and if any person so chosen by lot to serve in the on the roll militia (not being one of the people called Quakers) shall refuse thfiry?^cnu or neglect to take the said oath, and serve in the militia, or>toj^rm; 1 ° provide a substitute to be approved as aforesaid, who shall take on penalty of the said oath, and sign his consent to serve as his substitute, every 10L and being such person so refusing or neglecting, shall forfeit and pay the, iab*c to Jrv? sum of ten pounds, and at the end of three years be appointed

serve again.

XII. Provided always, That no peer of this realm, nor any specification person who shall serve as a commission officer in any regiment, or persons extroop, or company, in his Majesty's other forces, or in any one empted from of his Majesty's castles or forts, nor any noncommission officer in tho or private man, serving in any of his Majesty's other forces, nor mmua* any commission officer serving in the militia, nor any person being a member of either of the universities, nor any clergyman, nor any teacher of any separate congregation, nor any constable or other peace officer, nor any articled clerk, apprentice, seaman, or seafaring man, shall serve personally, or provide a substitute IQ serve in the militia,

X 3 XIII. AH

r

3»o Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. C*75*.

Persons that

XIII. And whereas the members of the company of watermen of w7tcrrLn'ttbe riVer Thames, are liable at all times under certain penalties to company not serv* in the royal now of Great Britain, when summoned for that liable to serve. purpose; be it therefore enacted, That no perkm free of the said - company, shall serve personally, or provide a substitute to serve*'in the militia.

Depufydfeute-

XIV. And be it enacted, That all deputy lieutenants and npa officers shall be liable to serve in the militia, and the

be1returned constable, tythingman, headborough, or other officers of every

the lifts, and parish, tything, or place, is and are hereby required to insert the liable to serve/names of such deputy lieutenants and parish officers, in the lift*' to be returned to the lieutenants and deputy lieutenants of persons liable to serve in the militia, for such parish, tything, or place, according to the directions of the said recited act, and this act; any thing therein or herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

iJeputy fieute- XV, And be it enacted, That the deputy lieutenants and nants are an- justices of the peace, shall every year, within fourteen days after mit to be " their respective meetings in their subdivisions for administering lieutenant true the oaths to, and inrolling, the private militia men, transmit to comet of the his Majesty's lieutenant true copies of the rolls for their respective a* thfb subdivisions: and that a general meeting of his Majesty's lieu* div?fion and tenant» and the deputy lieutenants, or of the deputy lieutenants, a^eneralmeet-for the forming and ordering the militia of the respective couning for form* ties, ridings, and places, into regiments, and for the porting ing and order- officers to each company, shall be held within three weeks after tia*. ^be Veldbe k»d r°bs AwU have been transmitted to his Majesty's lieute-within 3 weeks nant as aforesaid; any thing in the said recited act, or this act, after. to the contrary notwithstanding.

The lifts of

XVI. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any three twoor more or more deputy lieutenants, or any two deputy lieutenants, to be united1^and gether with any one justice of the peace, or any one deputy proceeded on, lieutenant, together with any two justices of the peace, within as if they had their respective subdivisions, to add together, whensoever they been returned think necessary, the lifts for two or more parishes, tythings, for one panm. Qr p]aces^ an(i proceed upon such lifts thus added together, in like manner as if they had been originally returned for one parish, tything, or place, so as to make the choice of militia men by lot, within such subdivision, as equal and impartial as possible. Parishes may

XVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if the church-ojfer, andde- wardens or overseers, or churchwarden or overseer, of any parish, yiants accept Jibing, or place, or of two or more parishes, tythings, or places,oluhteers-s ifo added* together, as aforesaid, shall provide and produce to the in which case, said deputy lieutenants, or any three or more of them, or to any enr^Oiall1 tw0 dcPuty lieutenants, together with any one justice of the then-ti want- P*ce> or to any one deputy lieutenant, together with any two ing of the justices of th6 peade, at their meetings within their respective quota of such subdivisions for chusing the militia men any number of volun-ErcUfen X teer$> not being seamen or seafaring men; and such volunteers lo\ of the lifts.bali be approved by the said deputy lieutenants and justices so met as aforesaid, the said deputy lieutenants and justices within their respective subdivisions, shall cause only such a number of f ' n i

1y58.] Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 26. 311

persons to be chosen by lot out of the lift returned for such parish, tything, or place, or parishes, tythings, or placet as aforesaid, as mall be wanted, after the acceptance of the said volunteers, to make up the whole number to fervefor such parish, tything, or place, or parishes, tythings, or places as aforesaid; and in case If Aidrvojun-all or any such volunteers shall not, at the next meeting of thetcerf "ot

said deputy lieutenants, or any three or more of them, or of any two deputy lieutenants, together with any one justice of the peace, anci fcrvsi'or of any one deputy lieutenant, together with any two justices of the peace, appear, and be sworn and inrolled to serve in the militia for such parish, tything, or place, or parishes, tythings, or places as aforesaid, the churchwardens and overseers, or church-warden and overseer, of such parish, tything, orplace, or parishes, tythings, or places as aforesaid, shall find one or more fit person to find other or persons in the room of such volunteer or volunteers, or forfeit persons to and pay the sum of ten pounds for every volunteer not appearing in* as aforesaid; such penalty to be recovered and applied in the ^forfeit ioL same manner as the penalty of ten pounds laid upon any person a nian. for refusing or neglecting to appear, and be sworn and inrolled Application oif to serve in the militia, is, by the said recited act, and this act,he p directed to be recovered and applied 5 and the said churchwarden eiwtobTr^ and overseer, and churchwardens and overseers, shall be reim- imbursed the bursed the said penalty out of the rates to be made for the relief same out of of the poor within such parish, tything, or place, or parishes, lhe poors tythings, or places as aforesaid, rate*

XVIII. And be it enacted, That every person who shall be The followup chosen by lot to serve in th*e militia, or the person provided to oath to be ta-serve as a substitute, instead of taking the oaths, and making, Vheoihsand repeating, and subscribing the declaration, in the said recited act declaration mentioned, shall, at the time and place appointed by the said appointed to recited act for taking the said oaths, and making, repeating, and be madeand subscribing the said declaration, take the oath following; that is Reformer A to say,*

I A.B. dq sincerely promise and swear % That will be faithful, and The oath bear true allegiance/[to his majesty King George, his heirs, and successers; and I do swear, that lam a protestant, and that I will faithfully serve in the militia within the kingdom of Great Britain, for the defence of the same, during the time for which I am inrolled, unless I shall be sooner discharged.

Which oath any one deputy lieutenant is hereby authorized to to administer: and in case any such person shall refofe or neglect ltered by the to take the said last mentioned oath, he shall be subject and lit- deputy lieute-ble to the same penalties as are inflicted in and by the said recited "ant- f pft, for refusing to take the oaths, and to make, repeat, and subscribe the declaration therein mentioned; to be recovered the ume. and applied in the same manner as the said penalties are therein directed to be recovered and applied.

XIX. And be it enacted, That it may and shall be lawful fgr the said deputy lieutenants, or any three or more of them,

£ 4

312 Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 26.'[1758.

Discharges or any two deputy lieutenants, together with any one justice of may be grant (l]ie pCace$ or anyone deputy lieutenant, together with any two ci^ftllecTup" justices of the peace, at any of their meetings within their respectat any meeting tive subdivisions, as well as at their annual meetings in the week of the deputy before Michaelmas day, to discharge persons from serving in the lieutenants in militia, and also to till up all vacancies, according to the direc-tiens. bdm- l'or*s k*d recited, and this a

A vacancy

XX. Provided always, Thajt when any substitute shall, after upon the death having been approved of by any three deputy lieutenants, or by of a substitute jmy two deputy lieutenants, together with any one justice of the hitoThe^lne^PeaCje> or &Y any onc deputy lieutenant, together with any two fei vjee or justices of the peace, and before the expiration of the term for upon his pro- which he was to serve, die, or enter into any of his Majesty's motion in the Jand or sea for Geo. or be appointed a serjeant in the militia, or be mi his d?f-UP discharged for any other just cause, the person for whom he charge for served as substitute shall not be obliged to serve himself, or to iuft cause; to find another substitute; but such vacancy shall be filled up in like be filled up by manner as is directed by the said recited act, and by this act, in }ot* case of vacancies occasioned by the death or discharge of persons serving for themselves.

XXI. And whereas it is found by the returns of the numbers of persons contained in the lifts for the parishes, tythings^ and places, within the several countieridings, and places, in that part of Great Britain called England, out of which lifts the private militia men are by the said recited act passed in the last session of parliament directed to bt raised, that the numbers of private militia men so directed to be raisei in the said several counties, ridings, and places, do not bear so 1 juf a proportion to each other, in making up the whole number of private militia men> by the said act directed to be rat fed, within that part T e privy of Great Britain aforesaid, as in justice they ought; be it enacted, council upon That after all the said lifts shall have been returned to, and receiving the amended by, the respective deputy lieutenants and justices of fconedted lifts tfoe peace> ancj transmitted to his Majesty's privy council, as fraintinittccl'to^7 are by kid recited act, and by this act, directed to be, thqn, are to it shall be lawful for the said council, and they are hereby settle the quo-required to fix and settle, as near as may be, the number taos men to of private militia men, who shall for the future serve for each cmmry^aV-, countY> riding, or place, within the part of Great Britain afore-cording to the said, by the proportion which the number returned in all the proportion the lifts for the parishes, tythings, and places therein, bears to the returns for whole number of private militia nrten by the said recited adi-bfcar XT/ to be raised, within the part of Great Britain aforesaid;

whole number S*nd forthwith to transmit accounts of the numbers so fixed and to be raised settled to all his Majesty's lieutenants of counties, ridings, and throughout places, within the part of Great Britain aforesaid respectively: ind are^forrh- arw* >v^ere the number of private militia men so fixed and settled with 10 trans- as aforefeitj, shall be respectively greater than the number of pri-mit accounts vate militia men who shall have been, by virtue of the said recited of the numbers act, appointed to serve for any county, riding, or place, then, the Ve^cd^ve andn h's Majesty's lientenants, together with any

lieutenants; two or more deputy Jieutenants, or, in the absence of his Majer and if the fly's

*75&] Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 26. 313

fty's lieutenant, any three or more deputy lieutenants, shall, at number shall a general meeting to be held for that purpose, appoint what num- greater ber of private militia men shall serve for each respective hundred, qutred^the rape, lath, wapentake, or other division, within the county, former act, riding, or place, to which they belong; and the additional num- a general ber of private militia men to make up the whole number so 1S to

fixed and settled as aforesaid, shall be chosen by lot, in the same and theaddi-rnanner as all other private militia men are by this act directed to tional men are be chosen; and all the additional men so chosen, or their substi- tobethen cho-tutes (to be appointed as substitutes are required to be by this^cnby l°li aft) shall take the oath by this act required to be taken, and shall respectively be inroilea, or sign their consent to serve in the militia in the same manner as is directed, and shall be subject, in case of refusal, to the same penalties as are in like case9 infltfteil by this act: and where the number of private militia men so and if less, a fixed and settled as aforesaid, shall be respectively less than the proportional number of private militia men who shall have been, by virtue of is

the said recited act, appointed to serve for any county, riding, or j* ^(charged place, then, and in such case, his Majesty's lieutenant, together y with any two or more deputy lieutenants, or, in the absence of his said Majesty's lieutenant, any three or more deputy lieutenants, shall at a general meeting to be held for that purpose, discharge by lot proportionably out of each respective hundred, rape, lath, wapentake, or other division, so many private militia*men as shall exceed the number so fixed and settled as aforesaid,

XXII. And be it enacted, That in case it shall at any time Where the appear to his Majesty's lieutenant, and any two or more deputy nu.^bc.r to k* lieutenants, or on the death or removal, or in the absence coirntyVaff his Majesty's lieutenant, to any three or more deputy lieutenants unequally of any County, riding, or place, at their general meeting, that or erroneouily the distribution by them made of the whole number of militia apportioneda-men charged upon such county, riding, or place, among the u°mfreds or several hundreds, rapes, lathes, wapentakes, or other divisions, divifons was either unequally and erroneously made, or, from any subse-thereof; the quest alteration of circumstances, is become unequal and dif- lieutenant and proportionable, it shall be lawful for his Majesty's said lieute-b^"to nant, and any two or more deputy lieutenants, or on the death make a new or removal, or in the absence of his Majesty's lieutenant, for and more any three or more deputy lieutenants, to make a new and more c9u.aI equal distribution of such number as aforesaid, among the said butlon» several hundreds, rapes, lathes, wapentakes, or other divisions, according to the method prescribed by this act for making the original distrilpution for the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty eight; and to cause such additional number of men to be and raise, and chosen by lot, or such number to be discharged out of those be- discharge men fore chosen, for each respective hundred, rape, lathe, wapen-take, or other division, as shall become necessary in cohfeqtience1 of such new distribution, in like manner as is by this act prescribed to be done, where the same shall become necessary in Consequence of the accounts transmitted from his Majesty's privy council.

Militia men exempted from Statute-work; and from fervins

service; and fnbstitutes, having been in actual service, are equally

314 Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 16. [1758.

Persons tam-

XXIII. And be it enacted, That any person who shall, by pering with gratuity, gift, or reward, or by promise thereof, or of any in-to make false* damnification, or by menaces* endeavour to prevail on any chief returns, or to constable, or any constable, ty thing man, headborough, or other crafe the name officer, of any parish, ty thing, or place, to Aiake a false return of any person of an« Jjft for any parish, tything, or place, or to erase or leave forfeit 501 S* out °* any nainc of any such person as. ought to

5*be returned, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of fifty pounds, to be recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, wherein no essoin, wager of law, or protection, or more than one imparlance shall be allowed; all which penalty shall go to the use of the person who shall sue for the same.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no private man serving in the militia, either for himself, or as a substitute, shall, during the time of such service, be liable to do any high-g way duty commonly called Statute-work: or be appointed to any parish of- serve as a peace officer or parish officer; nor shall such private fice; and from man be liable to serve in any of his Majesty's land or sea

intofheKing'g forces> unless he shall consent. thereto; and that every person having served as a substitute in die militia, when ordered out into actual service, and being a married man, shall have the like privilege in respect to setting up and exercising any trade, as by the said recited act is given to those who shall have personally served in the militia in the like circumstanqes. imitled, with* persons serving for themselves, to set up any trade.

Militia mento

XXV. Provided also, That every such private militia man, retain their who shall have served in the militia for the space of three years, rt&mntih at shall be intitled to, and shall keep and retain to his own ute, the yearVferrice. c^oat^cs provided for him as private militia man.

Militiaman

XXVI. And be it enacted, That in case any private man falling Tick on serving in the said militia shall, on the march, or at the place a march, or at where he shall be called out to annual exercise, be disabled by ^ereife^ c^ness» lt ^a^ an<* may lawful for any one justice of the is to be pro- peace of the county, or any mayor or chief magistrate of any vided for by city, town, or place, where such man shall then be, to order an order from him such relief as he shall think reasonable, by warrant under Justice o?tC* hand and seal; and the officers of the parish, tything, qr the place; place, for which such man shall serve as a militia man, shall re-and the ex- imburse the same to the officers of the parish where such militia pence thereof man shall then receive such refief, which shall be allowed in their KHWhy^his accounts> upon producing the above order: provided that fuel} proper parish. allowance shall not intitle such person to any settlement in the said parish or place where he shall receive such relief.

Every militia

XXVII. And be it eluded. That when the militia of any man to receive county, riding, or place, shall be ordered out into actual fer-6ne guinea vice, the receiver or receivers general of the land tax for such county, riding, or place, shally^nd he or they is and ate hereby required to pay, or cause to be paid, to the captain, or other commanding officer of each company of militia so ordered out for such county, riding, or pl^ce, one guinea (or each private'milit/a*

upon being ordered out

}nto actual mice.

1758.I Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 26. 315

militia man belonging to his company, to be paid over by such captain, or other officer, to every such private militia man, on or before the day appointed for marching; and such receiver or receivers general shall be allowed the lame in his or their accounts.

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That when any militia man Weekly al-; shall be ordered oat into actual service, leaving a family not of made*to the ability to support themselves during his absence, the overseer or distress'd fa-overseers of the parish where such family shall refidtf, shall, and miliesof mi-they are hereby required to allow to fuen family such weekly al- htia men in lowance for their support, until the return of such militia man, ^SJutobt as shall be ordered by any one justice of the peace; such allow- reimbursed ance to be reimbursed out of the county (lock by the treasurer out of the of the county; and such treasurer shall be allowed the same in county flock, his accounts.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That all sums of money arising Fines for not

puty lieutenants, together witfi any one justice of the peace, or person's room, by any one deputy lieutenant, together with any two justices of the peace, within their respective subdivisions, in providing a substitute for the person who shall have paid such penalty; and° g. if any part of such penalty shall remain after such substitute shall be provided, the same mall be paid into, and be applied as part of, the regimental (lock; any thing in the said recited a<£l, or this act, to the contary notwithstanding.

XXX. And whereas by the said recited act passed in the last session of parliament, it is enacted, That the militia of every county, riding, or place, shall be trained and exercised in half companies, on the ftrjl Monday in the months of March, April, May, June, July,

August, September, and October, and in companies, on the third Monday in the said months: and whereas the training and exercising of the whole militia for any county, ridings or place, in half companies, or companies, in the week, on the same day, will render it impojftble for the adjutant of any regiment or battalion to attend such half companies, or companies, so often as the necessity of the service may

require; be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty's T*1* c, rerclfe lieutenant of any county, riding, or place, together with any com-two or more deputy lieutenants, or, in the absence erf* the lieu- panies not" tenant, for any three or more deputy lieutenants, to change the confined to day of training and exercising any half company, or companies Monday, and of militia, from Monday to any other day of the week (Sunday U,

excepted) as shall appear to them so be best for the good of the pbbited as service, to that the whole militia for his or their respectivecoun- shall be found ty, riding, or place, be trained and exercised in half companies, bed for the within the first week, 'and in whole companies, within the third £cfhe mCH week; in each of the months aforesaid; any thing in the said re- beexercisedia cited act to the contrary notwithstanding. halfcompa- 5

nies the fird week, and in whole, the third week. In the months above recited.

XXXI. And be it enacted, That his Majesty's lieutenant.

6

together

ed by

-$1fi

fhclieute-

Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. [1758.

ftogcther with any two or more deputy lieutenants, or on the death or removal, or in the absence of his Majesty's lieutenants, ihe deputy lieutenants, or any three or more of them, arehere-two days in a by impowered todispense with the training and exercising of the harvcftmonth, militia within their respective counties, ridings, or places, in to the Tocf- any one month in the time of harvest, and| to order and direct neldain ^iat^foaM be trained and exercised instead thereof

y on the Tuesday and Wednesday Eojier week; anything in the said recited act, or this act, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXII. And be it enacted, That it may and shall be lawful for the officers of the militia, or, in the absence of an officer, for a non-commission officer, to detain the militia men, on the days of exercise, any time not exceeding six hours; provided they do not keep them above two hours under arms at any onetime, without allowing them a proper time to refresh themselves.

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That the officers and private men serving in the militia quartered and billeted according to the directions of the said recited act, shall be received and furnished with diet and small beer by the owners of the inns, alehouses, victualling-houses, and other hQuTes.in which they are allowed to be quartered and billeted, paying and allowing for the same the several rates herein after mentioned; that is to say, For one commission officer under the degree of a captain, for diet and small beer per diem one shilling; and for one private man's diet and small beer per diemy four pence.

XXXIV. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That pay, arms, accoutrements, and clothing, may be issued, and that an adjutant and serjeants may be appointed, for any regi-

accoutrements 'ment or battalion of militia of any county, riding, or place, ^C1 uc when it shall appear, by a return signed by his Majesty's lieutenant, or in his absence by three deputy lieutenants, that three fifths of the militia men of any such regiment or battalion have been inrolled; and that three fifths of the commission officers have been appointed; and that they have taken out their commissions, and entered their qualifications; any thing in the said recited act to the contrary notwithstanding.

Attendance of

XXXV. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the de-constables en- puty lieutenants, or any three or more of them, or any two deputy forced by like lieutenants, together with any one justice of the peace, or any are inflicted* onc deputy lieutenant, together with any two justices of the by the recited peace, within their respective subdivisions, from time to time, to for non- issue out their order or warrant, under their hands and seals, commanding the attendance of the constable, tythingman, head-borough, or other officer, of any parish, tything, or place, within their several subdivisions, at such times and places as in such order or warrant shall be expressed; and such constable, tjthingman, headborough, or other officer, who shall refuse or neglect to appear according to such order or warrant, shall suffer all the like pains and penalties as, are iitfifted by the said

ft cjted

nants may change the exercise from

Easter week.

The time the militia men may be kept to txercife.

Militia men to' be turnished where they are quartered 'at a certain rate, viz.

Subaltern! at

is.

and private men at 4 d. per diem.

When the pay, arms, doaths, and

compliance with orders.

2l7

1758.] Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 26.

recited act upon such officers, for not complying with any orders given in pursuance of the said recited act.

XXXVI. And be it enacted, That whensoever the militia shall Power to the be ordered out into actual service, it shall and may be lawful for c£Ptain* wh the captain of any company of militia men to augment his com- caUeTinto ac-pany, by incorporating, with the consent of his Majesty's lieu- tual service, tenant, or, in the absence of his Majesty's lieutenant, with the to augment hit consent of two or more of the deputy lieutenants, any number company with of persons who shall offer themselves as volunteers, and who (haJI appear to him to be Efficiently trained and disciplined, and.fcntof the provided with proper cloaths, arms, and accoutrements, and lieutenant, who shall take the oath appointed to be taken by this act, and sign their consent to fervein the militia for the time of such actual service, and to submit to the same rules and articles of war as militia menare by the said recited act, and this act, liable to, during the time of their continuing in actual service.

XXXVII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any a commission commission officer of the militia, being a justice of the peace, officer being and acting as such, upon his own view of any offence commit- justice of the ted by any non-commission officer or private militia man under Spo^hi Town his command, punishable by the said recited act passed in the view, punish a last session of parliament, to punish such non-commission officer militia man or private militia man respectively, in the same manner as any S^jlty of any* one justice of the peace is impowered to do, upon proof thereof nffhabte^y the made according to the directions of the said recited act. retited aft.

XXXVIII. And be it enacted, That any two deputy lieu- Persons retenants, together with any one-justice of the peace, or any one quired for the deputy lieutenant, together with any two justices of the peace, execution of within the counties of Cumberland, Huntingdon, Monmouth^ Cumberland Westmorland, and Rutland, and within all the several counties Huntingdon* and places within the said dominion of Wales respectively, shall &c.

have and exercise all and every the powers conferred by the said recited act, and this act, on any three deputy lieutenants, or on any two deputy lieutenants, together with any one justice of the peace, or on any one deputy lieutenant, together with any two justices of the peace of any county, riding, or place, within that part of Great Britain called England; any thing therein or herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIX. And whereas by the said recited afi passed in the last session of parliament, it is enabled, That the number of private men to be raised for the Tower Division in the county of Middlesex, cianfe in the commonly called The Tower Hamlets, shall be one thousand one bun- recited act re. dred and sixty 5 be it enacted, That so much of the said act agfpeding the.relates to the number of private militia men to be raised withinf ffie

and for the said division or hamlets, or to the levying, training, militia of The and exercising the militia of the said division or hamlets, or to Tower Ham-the appointment of officers, or levying trophy money, within lct8> repealed, the same, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed.

XL. Provided always, and be it enacted, That whereas the Lieutenant of militia of the Tower Division in the county of Middlesex, com- the Towerim-jnonly kiws by the name of, The. Tower Hamlets, is, and always 4.. I has lieutenants.

and grant commissions, and regiment

gu

the militia of

318 Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 26. [1758.

has been, under the command of his Majesty's constable of the Tower, or lieutenant of the Tower Hamlets % for the service and

.. preservation of that royal fort; it shall be lawful for his Ma-

the said ham- jesty's said constable, or lieutenant for the time being, from lets, as the act time to time, to appoint his deputy lieutenants, and to give °fdir&a*Car' comm, ons to a proper number of officers to train and difri-' 81 pline the militia to be raised within and for the said division or

hamlets, pursuant to an act of the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An act for ordering the force* of the several counties of tins kingdom; and to form the same into two regiments cf eight companies each, in such manner as the said constable or lieutenant hath used to do; and raise tro- an(j aif0 for defraying the necessary charee of trophies, and other incident expences of the militia of the same division or hamlets, incident y 5 it shall be lawful for his Majesty's said constable or lieutenant, charges \ to continue to raise in every year the proportion of a fourth part

of one month's assessment of trophy money, within the said di-vifionor hamlets, in such manner as he hath used. to do, by virtue and in pursuance of the said act of the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of King Charles the Second, and appoint a

XLI. And be it further enacted, That his Majesty's feid con-treasurer of stable of the Towert or lieutenant of the Tower Hamlets, shall appoint a treasurer of the said trophy money, for receiving and paying such monies as shall be levied by virtue of the said act of the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of King Charles the Second; which said treasurer shall yearly account In writing, and upon oath, for the same, to the said lieutenant, or his deputy lieutenants, or any three or more of them; which oath

.. they shall have power to administer; and which accounts for

certifiedto the the same shall be certified to the justices of the peace for the said justices at their division at their next general or quarter sessions; and that the and°no war- constable, or lieutenant, shall not issue out warrants for rant to be i(Tu- ra^ng any trophy money, until the justices of the peace. Or the ed for raising major part of them at such sessions, shall have examined, stated, trophy monej, and allowed, the accounts of the trophy money raised, levied, till the pre- ancj collected, for the preceding year, and certified the same under the hands and feafs of four or more of such justices, unless in case where it shall appear to such justices, that by reason of the death of such treasurer, or otherwise, such accounts cannot be passed.

XLII. And whereas from the peculiarity of the jurisdiction of the town of Berwick upon Tweed, the said recited act could not be

V C carried into execution in that place without a particular provision; be

in the recitedtfierc^orc enacted, That all the powers given, and provisions

aft with re- made, by the said recited act, and this act, with respect to

spect to Com' the county of Northumberland, and the militia thereof, shall, in

Northumber- jj^c manner, take place, and be in force, with respect to the said

edto ^rwicktown of Berwick upon Tweed, except only as to the particulars

upon Tweed; herein expressect, and otherwise provided for; and that out of

and the nura- the persons returned in the lifts for the said town, a number of

her of men to private militia men shall be chosen by lot to serve for the said be chosen by r 1

the said monies,

who is to account yearly upon oath. The said accounts to be

ceding year's accounts are settled.

town.

Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 26. 319

town, in the same proportion with the private militia men lot to serve for appointed to serve for the other respective hundreds, wards, and the said town, other divisions* within the said county of Northumberlandj and portion1 totht if persons can be found within the said town and liberties there- number ap-of, with such qualifications as are required for deputy lieutenants appointed for and officers within the cities and towns which are counties of ^hc th^hun-themselves, the chief magistrate of the said town of Berwick upon Tweed shall appoint five deputy lieutenants, and such num- count/, ber of officers of the militia as shall be proportionable to the Chief magi-aumberof militia, men which the said town shall raise, as their strate to ap. Quota towards the militia of the county of Northumberland j and f^J, nttc^ant«U^f the said lieutenants and officers are hereby required to put the f0 many powers conferred by the said recited act, and this act, for raising be found qua-and t/airiing the militia, into execution, within the said town listed, and a and liberties, subject to such penalties as are inflicted upon de- offiTeroiapro-puty lieutenants and officers of the militia for acting, not being portion to the duly qualitiedLaccording to the directions of the said recited act, Quota of the and ^his.act; apd that the said militia shall annually join the mi- rocn-litia of the county of Northumberland, and be exercised together at the generalannual exercise in Whitsun week, and shall then, thC count/ at and also in time of actual service, be deemed the militia of the their general county of Northumberland for the purposes aforesaid. annual excer-

XLIII. 4nd whereas the separating the militia of the isle ^ciaufein the Purbeck from the militia of the county of Dorset, u at- recited act re-tended with many inconveniences; be it enacted, That the clause in Utive to the the said recited act passed in the last session of parliament rela- militia in the tive to the militia of the isle of Purbeck aforesaid, be and is hereby repealed; and that all the powers given and provisions |3tbe militia made by any part of the said recited act unrepealed, and by this thereof for the act, with respect to the said county of Dorset, and the militia future to be thereof, shall take place and be in force with respect to the said fhofcn,isle; and that out of the persons to be returned in the lifts for the with respea to several parishes, tythings, and places, within the said isle, a the other number of private militia men shall be chosen by lot to serve for hundreds, &c. the respective hundreds, liberties, and other divisions, within the lU*

laid isle, in the lame proportion with the private militia men ot uo*appointed to serve for the other respective hundreds, liberties, and other divisions, within the said county of Dorset, with the town and county of the town of Poole j and that the number remaining out of the eighty private men, by the said clause in the said recited act directed to be raised for and in the said isle, shall be apportioned ?s equally as may be amongst all the hundreds, liberties, and other divisions, within the said county of Dorset, with the said town and county of the town of Poole.

XLIV. Provided always, That nothing in this act contained, shall in any wise extend to annul, or make void, any tbiqg al- a?ffliaU

ready done in pursuance of the said recited act, within any such void

county, riding, or place, or any such subdivision, where the mi- what has bem litia mep have been, or now can be, chosen out of the lifts al- doneinpurfu-. really returned; or to oblige his Majesty's lieutenant* or any o-iher pertou concerned in xhf execution of the said recited act.

32© Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 27. [ 1

and of this act, within such county, riding, place, or ftfbdm /ion, to put in execution any of the provisions. contained in thi aft, except only such as relate to matters subsequent, in order time, to those provisions of the said recited act, which they havt already put in execution, within such county, riding, place, 0! subdivision; any thing in this act contained to the contrary not-x withstanding.

Limitation of

XLV. And be it enacted, That if any action or actions, fui actions. or suits, shall be brought or commenced against any person 01 persons, for any thing done in pursuance of the said recited aftj or this act, such action or actions, suit or suits, shall be commenced within six calendar months after the fast committed, and not afterwards; and shall be laid in the county or place where such action or actions, suit or suits, did arise, and not selfe-where; and the defendant or defendants in such action or General issue. actions, suit or suits, to be brought, may plead the general Blue, and give this act, and the special matter, in evidence, and if such action or actions, suit or suits, shall be brought after the time for bringing the same; or if the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants in such action or actions; or if the plaintiff or plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his or their action or actions, suit or suits, after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared; or if, upon demurrer, judgement shall be given against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant Treble costs. or defendants shall have treble costs, and have the like remedy for the same, as any defendant or defendants hath or have, in other cases, to recover costs by law.

XLVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That this act shall continue and be in force, for and during the continuance9c of the said recited act, and no longer.

CAP. XXVII.

an act for repealing an act made in the twenty fifth year of his present Majesty, to refrain the making insurances on foreign ships bound to or from the East Indies.

lies in a5 Geo.

Dr ki "1T WHEREAS by an act made in the twenty fifth year of the dring certain reign of his present Majest, An act to restrain dairies in aft the making insurances on foreign ships bound to or from the East India; all and every person or persons, bodies politick or corporate, being subjects of his Majesty in Great Britain or Ireland, elsewhere; and all other persons whatsoever reftding within Great Britain or Ireland, are refrained and prohibited from granting, signing, or underwriting, any policy or policies of ajfurancey or lending any money on bottomree or respondentia, of or upon any foreign flnps trading or failing to or from the East Indies, and other places beyond the Cape of Good Hope, within the limits of trade granted to the united company of merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or to or from any ports or places within (he said limits; be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent erf the lords fpimual and* temporal, and

3*i

[Preamble.]

Importation of faired beef, pork, and but> ter, allowed for 6 months;

without being subject to any penalties or forfeitures.

1$ #.] Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 1$.

Commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said act shall from and after the The recited Lfth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and fifty eight, repealed.e repealed; any thing to the contrary thereof in any wise not* withstanding.

CAP. XXVIII.

An act to permit the importation of failed lees porky and butter, from Ireland, for a limited time.

WHEREAS the permitting the importation of faltei beef V porky and buttery into this kingdom from Ireland, for a linked tinUy may at this timey be of great advantage to both kingdoms \

>e it therefore enacted by the fCing's most excellent majesty, by nd with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and >y the authority of the same, That from and after the twenty ourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and fifty eight, he importation of all forts of salted beef, pork, and butter, nto this kingdom from Ireland, shall be, and i9 hereby, per-nitted, allowed, and authorized, for and during the term of fi* nonths from thence next ensuing; and that all persons shall be, ind are hereby, exempted, freed, and discharged, from the >ayment of all subsidies, customs, rates, duties, or other impositions, and also from all penalties, forfeitures, payments, and punishments, for or upon account of importing; or bringing salt-jd beef, pork, and butter into this kingdom from Ireiandy during the term aforesaid, other than such as herein after are men-: ioned in respect thereof; any act or acts of parliament to thd rontrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, and to the intent that the revenue arif-ng from salt may not be prejudiced by such importation of salted beef, pork, and butter, from Ireland; be it enacted, That ifter the said twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and fifty eight, during the continuance of this act, there shall be paid to such officer as the commissioners for the duties on salt for the time being shall appoint, at the port in England into which any such salted beef, pork, or butter, shall, in pursuance of this act, be imported from Ireiandy and before any part thereof shall be delivered out to the person or persons to whom the same shall belong or be consigned, the sum of one shilling and three pence for every hundred weight of all such felted beef or pork; and the sum of four pence for every hundred weight of all such salted butter; and so in proportion for any greater or lesser quantity than art hundred weight of any such salted beef, pork, or butter, as or for custom, or for duty, on or in respect thereof; the money so arising by the importation Df the said salted beef, pork, or butter, to be paid into his Majesty's exchequer as part of the duties on salt laid on by an act in the fifth year of his present Majesty?9 reign, and continued by several subsequent acts.

III. And be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any

Vou XXII. Y person

or other duties, on the landing thereof, than is. 3d. per C. wt. for beet or pock,

andd. per C. wt. for butter;

the same to be paid into the exchequer, as part of the duties on salt, laid by the ad of 5 Geo. u

322 Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 29.

If any dull be person or persons shall, after the said twenty fourth day 01 landed before one thousand seven hundred and fifty eight, during the imiwrter. be* nuance of this act, land any such salted beef, pork, or I Tides the'for- into this kingdom from Ireland, before payment of the d feiture of the duties by this act Specified and directed, the same shall t said commo* feited and loft, and twenty shillings per barrel for every fcit'alfos.f thereof; and so in proportion for any greater or lesser quj per barrel; to be recovered of the importer or proprietor thereof; an all such forfeitures and penalties shall he distributed in m One moiety following; that is to say, one moiety thereof to the Kini thereof to the heirs, and successors, and the other moiety thereof to thi

the?to^e lii or Persons w fe'^» foe, or inform for the fam

former. he recovered by action of debt, bill, plaint, or informant any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster.

No bounty to

IV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, Th be allowed on bounty shall be allowed or paid for any such felted beef or the exporting fQ ftnported into this kingdom from Ireland and which ih; hence. r°m cxPor*ed from hence elsewhere.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority afor That if any action or suit shall be commenced against any, son or persons for any thing done in pursuance of this act, defendant or defendants in any such action or suit, may General issue. t^e gencrai issue, and give this act, and the special matter evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the j was done in pursuance, and by the authority of this act; if it shall appear so to have been done, the jury shall fin< the defendant or defendants; and if the plaintiff shall be 1 suited, or discontinue his action, after the defendant or deft ants shall have appeared; or if judgement shall be given, 1 any verdict or demurrer, against the plaintiff, the defendan TrcM# costs* defendants shall and may recover treble costs, and have the remedy for the same, as any defendant or defendants hath or i in other cases by law.

CAP. XXIX.

An act for the due making of bread; and to regulate price and assize thereof; and to punish persons who ft adulterate meal, flour, or bread.

Preamble

WHEREAS by an act of parliament made in the cm citing aft fiftieth year of the reign of King Henry the Third, intitui 51 Hen. 3. Act fa ranis & Cervifiae, provision was made, amongst other thif\

for settling the assize of bread: and whereas by an act ofpar/ian made in the eighth year of the reign of her late majesty Queen An and 8 Annx. intituled An act to regulate the price and assize of bread, form of the said at1 (intituled, Aflifa Panis & Cervifiae) as related tz assize of bread, was repealed, annulled, and made void; and theft act made in the said eighth year of the reign of her said late map Queen Ann, was only made to continue infree for three years, & from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, but same subsequent acts of parliament y the said in part recited act m

fB.] Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. ig.2j

*; ji said tighth year of her said majesty Queen Ann, with feve-- ^alterations and amendments thereto hatbleen continued until the fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and fifty^n, and from thence to the end of the then next of Jetton of par- ent: and whereas it is expedient to reduce into one aft the several J nowin force relating to the due making, and to the price and af- rtf bead, and to make same alterations in, and amendments, to 'fame*, be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That the said ^fiiade in tine laid eighth year of the reign of her said late ^of^Ana T*efty Queen Ann, and all alterations and amendments made rmy acts of parliament subsequent thereto, for continuing, subsequent, plaining, or amending the same, is and are hereby further and relating^tinned from the expiration thereof, until the twenty ninth ^onti*

of September, tme thousand seven hundred and fifty eight, §"pt; ^.

that from and after the said twenty ninth day of September, from which ^thousand seven hundred and fifty eight, so much of the said time so much "ute (intituled Ajftfa Fanis iA Cervifia) as relates to the assize °* uCnaft °a bread, and which would otherwise be revived, when the said ^tes^o^he ited z& made in the said eighth year of her said late majesty aifizeoforeadi "een Ann, shall expire; and also the said act of parliament and a8 Jde in the said eighth year of the reign of her said late majesty ^nillx?d \ '(seen Ann, and hll the alterations and amendments made by tinuing, Sor>n*acts of parliament subsequent thereto, for continuing, ex- amending, theaning, or amending the same, shall be and are hereby repeal- f*me, are re-. annulled, and made void. pealed,

tl. And, to the intent that from and after the said twenty ninth of September, a plain and confiant rule and method may be duly 'erved and kept in the making and ajfizing of the several forts of ad which shall be made for fade in any place or places where anas-f of bread shall at any time be thought proper to be set in pursuance this act, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That General or ditty and after the said twenty ninth day of September, it shall be nance for set-rfulfor the court, or person or persons herein after authoriz-by this act to set the assize of bread, to set, ascertain, and ap- breaS?^ int, m any place or places within their respective jurisdictions, i assize and weight of all sorts of bread, which shall, in any,

: h place or places, be made for sale, or exposed to sale, and e price to be paid for the same respectively, when, and as oft-, from time to time, as any such court, or person or persons aforesaid, shall think proper; and that in every assize of bread Aflizetobere-hich shall be set in pursuance of this act, respetf shall, from time guiated by the time, be had by the court, person or persons as aforesaid, price the ho shall set the same, to the price which the grain, meal, or g"1* m«al, >ur, whereof such bread shall be made, shall bear in the Pub-th^market* ik market or markets, in or near the place or places for which and the profit* ly such assize shall be so at any time set; and making, from to be allowed ne to time, reasonable allowance to the makers of bread forto the baker, le, where any such assize shall be so set, for their charges, laboura

324. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 29. {17;

hour, pains, livelihood, and profit, as such court, or personi persons as aforesaid respectively, who shall at any time thj fit to set any such assize, shall, from time to time, ds proper.

Where an af- HI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforeu size shall be set* That from and after the said twenty ninth day of Septemi no fort of where an assize of bread shall at any time be thought props ^rCadaV'*'? be ^ct ^or any P^acc or places bY virtue of this act, no person holdexcepted) Persons shallthere make for sale, or fell, or expose to or for & other than'any sort of bread, except wheaten and houshold, otherwise bn what is there- bread, and such other fort or sorts of bread, as in such pha by, allowed, is places shall be publickly allowed to be made or sold by the coi for sale1* C or person or persons, who by this act are authorized to set an*size of bread for any such place or places; but where it hath b ufua! to make bread with the meal or flour of rye, barley, c beans, or pease, or with the meal or flour of any such diffe forts of grain mixed together, or the court or person or pen impowered to set an assize of bread by virtue of this act, at any time think fit to order or allow in any place or pi within the limits of theiy respective jurisdictions, bread t made with rye; barley, oats, beans, or pease, or with the 1 or meal thereof, or with the meal or flour of any such diffe forts of grain mixed together, such bread shall and may be t made and fold; and if any person shall offend in the premi under penalty and shall be convicfted of any such offence, either by his, of forfeiting or their own confession, or by the oath of one or more cre<0* enoHefng w*tnck or witnesses, before any magistrate or magistrates, than 2os.C*ftice or justices of the peace, within the limits of his or jurisdiction, every one so offending, shall, on every such viction, forfeit and pay any sum not exceeding forty (hilli nor less than twenty shillings, as any such magistrate or n strates, justice or justices, shall think fit and order.

Assize and IV- And be it also enacted by the authority aforesaid, 'price of bread ^rom and a^er the said twenty ninth day of September, in c to be let ac- place and places for which an assize of bread shall at any cording to the be thought proper to be set by virtue of this act, the assize two follow- Weight of the several sorts of bread which shall be there mad sale, or fold, or exposed to or for sale, and the price to be for the same respectively, shall be sett and ascertained accon to the tables hereafter following, marked N°. I. and II.

ing tables mark'd N° I. and No II.

N. I. A TAB

: b of Wheat, in Two Parts*

e,

14s. 6d< the Bushel, the Allowance of the Magistrate Confjeral Loaves: So that (for Example) if the Price of W1 find 6 s. 6d. in Column N° I. and even therewith, ui irafie Allowance is. then the Weight of the said Loaves

53.

*jif the Magistrates or Justices shall think fit to allow of k Three-fourths of the Weight of the Wheaten Loavq

bo 00 0 6 J*s i| 1 1

9 i9i9I 0 6 0 7 © 7 i I 6 i 1 7 1 7 4 I I i I 2 I 2.

10 10 } 10*0 7 4 0 7 4 0 8 1 8 1 8*19I 3 3 $ > 3 4

10 I 11 11 1 0 8 A 0 8 a 0 8 £ 19i 1 10 £ 1 11«4 i*4 4»5

\tl 4 1 0 J ° 4 0 8 £ 0909{ 1 11 i 2 0 2 0 {: 14 1 6 i

0 0- 094 094 0 10 \ 2 1 2 1 j 2 2 4 1 7*7 4»7 4

f 1*' 1 i i 2 0 10 0 10 J 0 10 {*3 2 3 T 2 4 i 8 1 8 i*9

i 2*; 3 0 to I 0 II 0 11 \ 2 4 4 2 5 2 S 4*9 i 1 10 I 10

3 i 3 \ 3 i 0 11 -J 0 II 4 0 11 j 264 2 7 2 7 4 I IO £ 1 11 I II i

1 4 1 4 T S I 0 I 0 i I 0 i 2 8 2 8 -J 292 O 2 O £ 2 I

"2 lu 4 A^J

2 11 4 2 2 i 7

3 0 4 2 3*8

3 2 2 4 8

3 3 2 S 8

3 4 2 6 8 i

3 5 2 7*9

3 6 i 2 7 £94

3 7 4 2 8 79<

3»| 29*95

3 10 2 10 10

3 11 2 11 10 1

4 0 3 0 10

4*3 1 !j

4 2 3 2 1 11

4 3 4 3 2 4 I I

4 4 4 3 3 4 '±1

4 6 3 4 n

4 7 3 1 12

4 8 3 6 12

493 7 12

4 10 3 .8 12

4 »* 4 3 8 a 13 1

S*3 9,3

5 2 3 103

5 3 3 " !3

5 4 4 04

5 5 4*H

5 6 4 2 -'t

(To face Page 325.

under mentioned.

pe adapted so as to serve either for the Winchester Bushel lfifting of Two-thirds Wheat and One-third Rye; the Column N° I. or VII. the Weights which the several (which are to weigh 171b. 6oz. each) under N° VI.

theit respective Titles in the same Line will be found

here Bread is ordered to be made for Sale of a coarse be set and fixed from the Barley Columns.

N° VI. [NoVU.

jaf. Price of the Peck Loaf. j?l

Maflin. Rye. Barley. Oats. Beans. I Maflin: if

a. lb. oz d. s. d. s. d. s. d. s. d. s. / d. s. d.

jo 5Z 8 0 0 4t 0 4i 090 3i 0 4 1 0

jO 42 0 0 0 5* 0 5i 0 11 0 4 0 1 3

0 1- 34 «s 8 0 0 > 't 0 S 0 6 1 6

8 30 0 0 0 7f 0 7i 1 3i 0 Si 0 7*9

8 26 4 0 0 n 0 8i 1 Si 0 61 0 8 2 0

0 23 5 8 0 10 0 pi 1 7i 0 7'- 0 9*3

p 21 0 0 0 11 O 10$ I xo 0 8$ 0 9$ 0 10 2 6 ,

4 19 0 8 I 0 0 Ili 2 I 0 11*9

87 7 12 I 1.oi 2 2 i 0 10 1 0 j 0

0 16 2 0 I 2i I «i 2 4 T 0 10$ 1 1 3 3

45 0 0 I 3i 1 2i 2 64 0 n| 1 2 3 6

235 8 I 4i 1 3i 2 8i 1 oi 1 3 3 9

43 2 0 I Si 1 4i 2 11$«i 1 4 4 0

4 12 6 0] I H 1 5i 3 °i > 2i 1 5 4 3

2 11 10 I2| I 8*7 3 zi«3 1 6 4

4 11 1 O I H 1 8 1 I1 1 3i 1 7 4 9

0 10 8 0 I 10*9*4i 1 8 S 0

49*5 12 I II. 1 1 # 3*Si 195 3

098 4 2 O} 1 11 4 > > 7t 1 IO S 6

291 8 2 2 0 4 3 1 7i 1 II 1 9I

4 8 114 2 2} 2 1 4 St 1 8 2 O 6 0

8 8 6 4 2 3l* 2 2 4 7i*H 2 1 £ I

8 8 1 0 2 5 2 3 4 9*9i 1 ioi 1 ni 2 2 6 6

4 7 12 8 2 6 2 4 S 0 2 3 6 9

0 7 8 0 2 7 2 5 5 'I 2 4 7 0

75&] Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 29. 325

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Aflfaetobefet Tiat from and after the said twenty ninth day of September, one ^andia oufand seven hundred and fifty eight, every assize which shall, Uie propor-m om time to time, be set in any city, town corporate, hundred, tiens directed vilion, liberty, ' rape, or wapentake, in pursuance of this act, by the table*, all be always set in averdupois weight, of sixteen ounces to fQ^of epound, and not troy weight, and in the several proportions di- 0 80ca died in or by the said tables above set forth, or as near the same may be, as to the several sorts of bread in this act specified; id that the said tables shall extend as well to such bread which all be made with the flour of wheat mixed with the flour of

her grain, as also to bread which shall be made with the flour other grain or grains than wheat, which shall be publickly li-nfed and allowed to be made into bread, in any place or places pursuance of this act; and that the assize of all such mixed ead shall be set and ascertained as near as may be, according the said tables.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Return to be hat from and after the said twenty ninth day of September, the made weekly spective prices which the several kinds of grain, meal, and to the C0UJt )ur, fit and proper to make the different sorts of bread which ^ear^Jna^ a" all be allowed to be made in pursuance of this act, shall, from London, byth* ne to time, bona fidey fell for in the markets or places in meal weigh-ny where such grain, meal, and flour, shall be openly and pub- e*s* the: kly fold during the whole market, and not at particular times ^1 ereof, or on particular contracts only, shall, from time to ^\n0f me, be given in and certified on oath, on some certain day in grain, meal, ery week, as the court of mayor and aldermen of the city of and flour, fit mdon shall, from time to time, appoint, by the meal weighers i^r7eU^or" the said city of London, or such other persons as the said court in the market* mayor and aldermen in London, shall, from time to time, di- of the city;

6t; and shall also on some certain day in every week, to be ap- the prices to tinted by the said court of mayor and aldermen in London, be he entered by itered by such fneal weighers, or other persons to be appointed ^ndT tiiT* aforesaid, in writing under their hands, in some book to be for to be at purpose provided by the said city of London, and kept at the kept in the wn clerk's office in the said city: and the next day after every town clerk'* ch price shall be so given in and certified as aforesaid, the assize /r

(d weight of all sorts of bread to be sold or exposed to sale by a^ prjcc of iy person within the limits of their jurisdiction, and the price bread to be be paid for the same respectively, shall, from time to time, set the next set by the said court of mayor and aldermen in London, if the»id court shall then (it, and if such court shall not then fit, by e mayor of the said city for the time being; and that the assize and to take*bread which shall be so set in London shall take place from such place accord-me as the said court shall order, and be in force for the said in6|to or.der» ty of London and the liberties thereof, and the weekly bills of^ortality (the city of Westminster and liberties thereof, the bo- {izt be set i >ugh of Southwark, and weekly bills of mortality in the county of trry excepted) until a new or other assize of bread in London fall be set $ and that after the fixing or setting of every such

3*6

Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 29. [1758.

assize of bread^ by the said court of mayor and aldermen of London, or the mayor of the said city for the time being, when the said court of mayor and aldermen of London shall not fit,

and tobe a^ize ^rorn time to t*mc ^et> with convenient

lith'd forth- speed after setting thereof, be made public in such manner as with the said court of mayor and aldermen shall order or direct: but

before any ad-before any advance or reduction shall in any week be made by duafonbe6" X^e^courl may°r anc* aldermen, or the mayor of the said nudcbi the LoJidon for the time being, in the price of bread, the meal

price of bread, weighers of the said city of London for the time being, or such the meal other persons as the said court of mayor and aldermen shall from toleav afh t, mc to time aPP°'nt to return the price of grain, meal, and bakers hall* C fl°ur> shall leaven writing at the common hall of the compan] a copy of the of bakers in the said city of London, a copy of every return of tb< return* made price of grain, meal, and flour, which thpy shall make, and en« that day, ter in such book to be provided and kept at the town clerk's office as aforesaid, some time of the same day on which such me* weighers or other persons shall make every such return and e* that the com- try as aforesaid; to the intent that the said company of bakefl time t^object maY morning of the next day after every such return an4 the re to, be fare cntiy shall be made, and before any assize shall be set, from timl the assize be to time, have an opportunity to offer to the said court of mayoj'and aldermen, if such court shall then fit, and if such court £ha

not then fit, to the mayor of the said city of London for the tiro being, all such objections as the said company of bakers (hal have and think fit to offer against any advance or reduction be ine that day made in London in the price of bread.

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid The court of That from and after the said twenty ninth day of September, tb aldermen and court mayor an<* ddermen of every other city, where tha Magistrates, shall be any such court, and when such court shall fit; and whet Sec!in other there shall be no such court, or, there being any such, when th cities, towns, same shall not fit, the mayor, bailiffs, or other chief magistrat or ma§^rates of every such other respective city; and in town manner, cause corPorate» or boroughs, the mayor, bailiffs, aldermen, < returns'to be other chief magistrate or magistrates for the time being of ever made them of such town corporate or borough; or two or more justices of th which the fe- Pcaccn fad1 towns and places where there shall be no Cue veral forts of mayor> bailiffs, aldermen, or chief magistrates; shall and ma grain, meal, severally and respectively, from time to time, as there shall 1 And flour, fit occasion, within their several and respective jurisdictions, cani be buwfckiaU l^c refae<^ve pdees with the several forts of grain, meal, an ioldPat jnthe our> fit and proper to make the different sorts of bread whic markets, with- shall be allowed to be made in every such other respective cit] in rheir juris- town corporate, borough, town, or place, shall, from time I distions. time, bona fide, fell for, in the respective publick markets in \ near to every such other town corporate, borough, town, < place, during the whole market, and not at particular tiro thereof, or on particular contracts only, from time to time I given in and certified, upon oath, unto such court, mayor, ba Jiffs, aldermen, chief magistrate or magistrates, or justices, i

afor<

758.] Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 29. 327

brefald reflectively, within their feverat juristliltions, in such tanner, and by such person or persons, and on such day in very week, as any such respective court, mayor, bailiffs, al-ermen, chief magistrate or magistrates, or justices, as aforesaid, within their respective jurisdictions, shall from time to time ppoint; and the price which shall be fb certified, shall, from the prices to me to time, be entered by the respective person or persons rho shall certify the same in some book or books to be provided proper bode* >y such respective person or persons, and kept by him or them v 9

or that purpose: and within two days after every such price and shall be 10 returned, the assize and weight of bread for every and price of uch other respective city, town corporate, borough, town, and bread, to be klace, and the price to be paid for the same, shall, from time to J1 lime, be fetby thecourtofmayorandaidermenofeveryfuchotheraaysa c*pity where there shall be any such court, and when the same shall (it; and when such court shall not fit, by the mayor of every such other respective city; and where there shall be no such court of mayor and aldermen in any such other city, then by the mayor, bailiffs, or other chief magistrate or magistrates of every such other city; and in towns corporate, and boroughs, by the mayor, bailiffs, aldermen, or other chief magistrate or magistrates of every such town corporate, or borough; and by two or more justices of the peace in towns or places where there shall be no such mayor, bailiffs, aldermen, or chief magistrate or magistrates: and the assize and weight of bread, and price to be paid for the same, which shall be so from time to time set in every such other city, and in every town corporate, or borough, and in every town and place where there shall be no such mayor, bailiffs, aldermen, or chief magistrate or magistrates, as aforesaid, shall commence and to take and take place on such day in every week, and be in force for place, and such time, not exceeding ieven days from the setting of every continue (not such assize, and shall be made publick in such manner, as such 7to

court of mayor and aldermen in every such other city where there be published, shall be any such court, and when the same shall fit; and where as the court or there shall be no such court of mayor and aldermen, or there being any such, when the same shall not fit, as the mayor, bailiffs,

Qr other chief magistrate or magistrates, as aforesaid, of every such other city; and as the mayor, bailiffs, aldermen, or other chief magistrate or magistrates, as aforesaid, of every such town corporate, or borough; and in towns and places where there shall be no such mayor, bailiffs, aldermen, or chief magistrate or magistrates, as aforesaid, as any such two justices, as aforesaid, shall. within their respective jurisdictions, from time to time direct.

Vm. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Twoormore That from and after the said twenty ninth day of September, if with-

any two or more justices of the peace of counties at large, rid- ^ons, Mayings, or divisions, shall at any time think fit to set an assize of set an assize of bread, for any place or places within the limits of their respect- bread, and ive jurisdictions, then, and in any such case, it shall be lawful cfc ret', rn* for any such two or more justices, within thp limits of their re- cuTrkso/

Y^spec- theneighboipr?

the price ax which grain, meal, and flour, shall he there fold;

the return* to be made on a certain day,

328 Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 29.

[175$*

ing markets of ftjedfcive jurisdictions, to cause the price which grain, meal, and flour, fit to make the several sorts of bread which shall be made for sale in any such place or places, shall, from time to time, k-na side, fell for in the respective public com market or corn markets, in or near any such place or places respectively, during the whole market, and not at particular times thereof, or 00 Special contracts only, to be from time to time given, and certified on oath, to them at their respective houses or places of abode, in any such county, riding, or division, on such day in every week, as any such two or more justices shall for that pur-ppfe fix on and appoint, by the respective clerks of the market of the several markets in or near such respective place or places, or such other person or persons as any such two or more justices as aforesaid respectively, within their respective jurisdictions, shall and to be en- ^or t^lat PurP°^c appoint; and that the price of grain, meal, and jteredandfign- flour, which shall be so returned, shall from time to time, be ed in a book pntered by the respective perfor) or persons who shall so return to be kept for the same, in some book or books to be provided by him or them, th^a^nd*anc^cpt ^at PurP°^e*anc* within two days after any such price of bread return of the price of grain, meal, and flour, shall be made, to be set with- to any such two or more justices, as aforesaid, the price and af-in z days af- size of bread may be by them, or any two of them, set for every ter, and to such p]ace or piaces> for any time not exceeding fourteen days exceeding from evefY fitting thereof: and the assize which shall be so from days) and to time to time set, shall commence and be in force, at such time commenceand after every setting thereof, and be made public in such place or Pu^J^cd places for which the fameshall befo set, in such manner as the dcred! C °T juces who shall set the same, shall order or direct.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Bakers may fee That any maker of bread for sale in any such other city, town the day after corPor*e» borough, or place, where the price and assize of bread, the same shall in pursuance of this act, shall at any time be thought proper to be made, be set, shall have liberty, at all seasonatye times, in the day time,

the next day after every return of the price of grain, meal, and flour, shall be made for any such other city, town corporate, borough, Uown, or place, and entered in the proper book hereby directed to be provided and kept for that purpose, to fee the entry which shall be made in such book, of the price of grain, that thev may anc* flour, without paying any thing for the same $ to the have time to Y intent that every such maker of bread for sale, may have an of-object to the portunity on the said next day after any such eptry as aforesaid advance or re- shall be made as hereby is directed, to offer to any such court, mayor, bailjffs, aldermen, or other chief magistrate or magistrates, or justices, as aforesaid, who shall think fit to set any such assize of bread within their respective jurisdictions, and before any such assize shall be set, such pbjedtions as any such maker of bread for sale c^n reasonably make against any advance or reduction being at any time made in the assize or price of bread in any such other city, town corporate, borough, town, or place.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

TAaf

duction to be made in the price of bread, 1 before the af- 1 size be set.

1758.] Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 29. 329

That no baker or maker of bread for sale shall be liable or Baker not lia-compellable to pay any fee, gratuity, or reward, to any per-blc to Pay fcc* son or persons for, "or by means of, any assize of bread being at the^ffize'of any time set, altered, or published, by virtue of, or under bread, this a£L,

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Form of the That the form of the return, or the certificate of the price of returns to be grain, meal, or flour, shall, from time to time, be to the pur- m?de °/the. port or effect as followeth; that is to say,

The prices of grain, meal, and flour, as fold in the com

market in in the of

- the day of 17

The bed wheat - - at by the bushel.

The second r at by ditto.

The third at by ditto.

The best wheaten flour - at by the sack.

Houshold flour - at by'ditto.

Rye - - at by the bushel.

Rye meal, or flour. at by the bushel.

Barley - - at by ditto.

Barley meal - - - at by ditto.

Oats - - - at by ditto.

Oatmeal - at by

White peas - at by the bushel.

White pea flour, or meal. - at by

Beans - - at by the busheL

Bean meal, or flour, at by

To every of which returns the person or persons, who shall be Returns to be appointed to make the same, shall, from time to time, (ign their signed. respective names or marks.

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Formofpub-That when an assize of bread shall at any time be let in purfu- J^c^bread. ance of this act, the same shall be made public in the form or to tfiedFedl following 5 that is to say,

The assize of bread, set the day of

for to take place

on the day of now

next ensuing, and to be in force for the said of

a

And in places where penny, twopenny, sixpenny, twelvepen-py, and eighteenpenny loaves, shall be made, as followeth;

v

Tfa,

Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c.

1

t*7S9.

OX.

&r.

The penny loaf wheatep Is to weigh Ditto houshold is to weigh -

The twopenny loaf wheaten is to weigh Ditto houshold is to weigh -

The sixpenny loaf wheaten is to weigh -

Ditto houshold is to weigh -

The twelvepenny loaf wheaten is to weigh - - Ditto houshold is to weigh -

The ©ighteenpenny loaf wheaten is to weigh*Ditto houfliokl is to weigh -

And in places where quartern, half peck, and peck loaves shall be made, then as follows;

The peck loaf wheaten'is to weigh -

Ditto houshold is to j weigh - - - 1

lb. 0Z. dr. 1 s. d.

- and is to be -

fold for -

and is tQ be

- fold for -

Half peck, and quartern loaves to weigh, and be sold, in due proportion to the peck loaf. Magistrate to direct how the assize of rye, barley, or mixed bread, when order'd to be made, shall he pub-liflied.

And the half peck and quarter of a peck loaves of wheaten and houshold bread are to weigh, from time to time, in proportion to the weight a peck loaf of wheaten or houshold bread ought to weigh, and are to be sold according to the price a peck loaf of wheaten or houshold bread respectively is to be sold; and whenever any bread shall be ordered to be made by any such magistrate or magistrates, or justiges, within the limits of their jurisdiction, with the meal or flour of rye, barley, oats, peas, or beans, either alone, or mixed with the meal or flour of any other grain or grains, the assize of such bread shall be made public in such manner as the said magistrate or magistrates, or justices, who shall set such assize, mail, from time to time, diredh

Where bread

XIII. And be it also enacted by the authority aforesaid, That of a certain in places where any flxpeniiy, twelvepenny, and eighteenpenny denomination loaves shall at any time be ordered or allowed to be made or fold, Uor^retfor ?°PCC^» half-peck, or quarter of a peck loaves shall be permit-allowed to be ted or allowed at the same time to be there made or fold; to the made, nobread intent that one of those forts of loaves of bread may not be sold of a different designedly, or otherwise, for the other fort thereof, to the injury Utobe fokTat unwa, 7 People; upon pain that every one who shall offend the same in the premisses, and shall be thereof convicted in manner here-

time, in after prescribed, shall, for every such offence, forfeit a sum

under penalty not exceeding forty shillings, nor less than twenty shillings, as

1758.] Anno tricesimo pritno Georgii n. c. 29.'331

the magistrate or magistrates, justice or justices, before whom not exceeding

any such offender shall be convicted, ftutt from time to time?*or

than 208. for

tniQK nt. fuc^ offend.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, The justices* That if, for the better carrying into execution this act, the ju- at a gCneraj ftices of the peace of any county, riding, or division, shall, at quarter fef-any general or general quarter sessions of the peace to be held by "°n.s> them for any such county, riding, or division, think fit to af- of any huiSred certain or fix, that any hundred or hundreds, or other place or or place within places, in any such county, riding, or division, ought to be efti- a certain di-mated or considered, as of, or in, any one particular hundred, f°*s tb<j riding, or division, of any such county, riding, or division, in rrt»efam* order that the assize of bread which shall be set for such particu- may extend lar hundred, place or places, may extend to or comprize such thereto, other hundred, place or places, then, and in any such case, it shall be lawful for them (o to do; but by fb doing thereof, no justice of the peace of any such county, riding, or division, shall be excluded or debarred from acting as a justice of the peace in any hundred, riding, or division of any such county in which any such particular towns, districts, or places shall lie, or the assize for them shall be set.

XV. And be it likewise enacted by the authority aforesaid. Entry to be That an entry shall, from time to time, be made by every clerk of the market, or other person or persons who, in pursuance of market, this act, shall be appointed to make such return and certificate proper book*, as hereby is disefted respectively, in some book or books to be of the returns provideo and kept by them respectively for that purpose of every made by k* return which shall be made, in pursuance of this act, by them respectively $ and also of the rate at which the price, assize, and and of the weight of bread shall, from time to time, be set or fixed within the assize and the jurisdiction of every such clerk of the market, or other per- price of bread fons who shall, in pursuance of this act, be appointed to make* fct at such return or certificate as aforesaid; which book or books any t[^ time to inhabitant of every such city, town corporate, borough, fran- the said books chife, hundred, riding, division, liberty, lath, rape, or wapen-to be open to take, shall, at all seasonable times in the day-time, have liberty the inspection to fee and inspect, without any fee or reward being to be paid1*"* mhabl* for the lame.

XVI. And be it allb enacted by the authority aforesaid, That after an assize of bread shall, at any time after the said*be^ade twenty ninth day of September, be set, no alteration shall be made in assize of therein in any subsequent week, either to rife the same higher, or bread, unlef* to fink the lame lower, unless and except when the price of whe^or^-wheat, or other grain, shall be returned as having rose three therV^n?" pence each bushel, more than the last return made, or having shall vary \d. fallen three pence each bushel lower than the said last return; »n the buffiel no provision being made by the said assize tables fof altering any from the la^ assize, when the variation in the price of wheat, or other grain, return'

shall not in any week have amounted to, and have been returned

fhree pence a bushel.

XVII. And be it likewise enacted by the authority aforesaid, That

332 Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 2g.

[1758.

Any meal That if any meal weigher, clerk of any market, or other person of l§vt\market or P^008 w ^all aPP°mted to certify or return, as hereby &c. who^allls directed, the price of grain, meal, and flour, shall in any wise neglect his du- neglect, omit, or refuse to do, any matters or things by this act ty, or make a required or directed to be done by him or them respectively, or false return; shall designedly or knowingly make any false certificate or return 5 and any peace or^any constable headborough, or other peace officer, shall officer, who refuse or neglect to observe or obey any warrant in writing which shall disobey shall be delivered to him under the hand and seal of any magj-the ^ar^ntt°' strateor justice of the peace, or to do any other ad requisite to be orfSg. or*done by him or them for the carrying this act, or any of the otherwiseneg- powers or authorities hereby given, into execution; then every left his duty, person so offending in any of the premisses, on being convicted of forfeit not ex- any such offence, shall forfeit and pay for every such offence, any ceeding jl.nor sum not exceeding five pounds, nor less than twenty shillings, as >eis than 20s. the magistrate or magistrates, justice or justices, before whom any such offender or offenders shall be convicted, shall think fit and order, every time he or they shall so offend and be convicted, as hereby is directed.

Any buyer,

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid* feller, ordeal That in case any buyers or fellers of, or dealers in corn, grain* er, who shall meal, or flour, at any time after the said twenty ninth day of dc^etothe " ^ePiem^er on ratsonable request to him, her, or them made by jneal weighers the meal weighers of the city of London in London, or by the in London, or respective clerks of the markets, or other persons, who, in pur-clerks of the fuance of this act, shall be appointed to give in and certify, as Acc*s hereby is directed, the prices of grain, meal, and flour, from the the truePprices respective markets or places within their respective jurisdictions, jhefeveraJ forts shall refuse to disclose and make known to such meal weighers* of grain, meal, clerks of the markets, or other persons, who shall be appointed be bouUht&al to ma^e returns and certificates as hereby are directed refold at in the spectively, and also shall request the same within their respective publickmar- jurisdictions, the true real prices the several forts of grain, meal, ret> and flour, shall be bona fide bought at, or fold, by or for him, her, or them respectively, at any corn market or corn markets, or other place, where corn, grain, meal, or flour, is or shall be usually, openly, or publickly fold, within the jurisdiction of any such person or persons as aforesaid, who shall request any fuefi oy shall give in account to be given to him or them; or shall knowingly give a false or collu- in to any such meal weigher, clerk ojf the market, or other per-five price, son, wh0 shall be appointed in pursuance of this act, to give in and certify the price of grain, meal, and flour, any false or untrue price or prices of any grain, meal, or flour, bought or sold, or agreed so to be, or any price which hath been made by any deceitful means, then, and in every such case, he, she, or they* so offending, on being convicted of any such offence by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, or solemn affirmation of any credible witness or witnesses, being a Quaker^ or oi> forfeit not ex- the confession of the party accused, shall forfeit any sum not nor less than cxcce(hng ten pounds, nor less than forty shillings, as the magi-$0$. ft1? Qr magistrates, justice or justices, before whom any such offender

1758.] Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 29. 333

or offenders shall be convicted, shall think fit and order, every time he, she, or they, shall so offend, and be convicted of any such offence.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, where any That if any such court, magistrate or magistrates, justice or ju- false return ftice$ as aforesaid, who shall have thought proper to have or- (h*dl btfulpedk# dered any return to be made of the price of grain, meal, or flour, th/courTma! within their respective jurisdictions, shall, at any time within the gistrate, or ju-space of three days after any such return shall have been made, ttice, may, suspect that the same was not truly and bona fide made, then, 3days, and in any such case, it shall be lawful for any such court, huy^oMbU magistrate or magistrates, justice or justices, within their ier| or other" respective jurisdictions, to summon before them respectively, any perfoa, likely person or persons who shall have bought or sold, or shall be fuf- tog!ve infor-pedted to have bought or sold, or agreed to buy or fell, any mation* grain, meal, or flour, within their respective jurisdictions, qr

who shall be thought to be likely to give any information concerning the premisses, and to examine them respectively upon oath, touching their several oaths, touching the rates and prices the several the prices of forts of grain, meal, and flour, or any of them, were there really gra', n» naeal, and bona fide bought at, or fold for, or agreed so to be by him, ^, 5^ ur^a % her, or them respectively, at any time or times within the space before \ of (even days preceding the summoning of him, her, or them respectively: and if any person or persons who shall be so sum- andanyperson moned as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to appear on such who not

summons (and proof shall be made on oath of such summons justt0f

having been duly served upon him, her, or them for that purpose) cause shewn, or if any person or persons so summoned shall appear, and neglect or shall refuse or refuse to answer such lawful questionstouching the premisses,° g*, ve c?i-as shall be proposed to him, her, or them by any such court, dcncc* magistrate or magistrates, justice or justices as aforesaid, within their respective jurisdictions, without some just or reasonable excuse, to be allowed of by any such court, magistrate or magistrates, justice or justices as aforesaid, he, she, or they fooffehding, on being convicted of any such offence, either by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, or his, her, or their own confession, before any court, magistrate or magistrates, justice or forfeits not justices, shall, on every such conviction, forfeit and pay any sum exceeding to!. not exceeding ten pounds, and not less than forty shillings, as nor lcl* than any such court, magistrate or magistrates, justice or justices, shall forfwe; ir. think fit and order: and if any person, who shall be so examined ing himself, on oath, shall wilfully forswear him or herself, every such person incurs the pe-Shall be subject and liable to be prosecuted as for perjury, by Paltlcs of P*-indidlrr.ent or information by due course of law* and, it con- sum-victed, 'shall be liable to the p^alties persons convicted of wilful moned, not o-and corrupt perjury are subject and liable to; provided that the bliged to tra-party or parties so summoned be not obliged to travel above five vc* above 5 miles from the place or places of his, her, or their above. 0fW»

XX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, abode. That whenever any court as aforesaid, magistrate or magistrates, or justices of the peace, shall order any bread to be made within,

their

Bakers to conform to such order, and make the bread of such

be directed, on penalty of forfeiting not exceeding 5l. nor left than 406.

The several sorts of bread

3J4 Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 29. [1758.

When an or- their respective jurisdictions, of or with the flour or meal of any mYd^formak- Sram or€raiRS t^an wheat, or to be mixed with the flour ing bread for " wheat, or to be made with the flour or meal of any other fort sale of any or forts of grain or grains, either separate or mixed together, all other grain persons who shall make any bread for sale, in any place where

th of W>ixed any ^uck or<^cr 01 or<*cr5 shall at my time be made, shall, from meal orflour,° «wke bread with such mixed meal or flour, ln every such place and places, in such manner as they shall be required and ordered by any such court, magkirate or ma^istrates, or just*ces asafortsaid, within their respective jurisdkfhons, and fhast, from time to time, makefile same of such weight and goodness, and shall fell the same at such prices, as any such court, magi* strate or magrstrates, or justices, within their respedhvejuriftiic* weight and tiens, shall, from time to time, order or direct; upon pain that goodness, and every person who shall at any time offend in the premisses, and at f"ch t£ric^' be convicted of any such offence in the manner herein after

1 ertin pflsscribed by this »ct, shall forfeit any sum not exceeding five pounds, nor less than forty shillings, as the magistrate or magi* strates before whom any such offender or offenders shall be convicted shall think fit and order, every time he, she, or they ftiaU so offend and beconviftecl.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty fourth day of jaconet housand made for felc, seven hundred and fifty eight, the several sorts of bread which

vSlmader^8^ma<*cor f^e> or or or for fak* in WT

and, in their place or places, shall always be well made, and in their several degree^ ac- and respective degrees, according to the goodness of the several co^ing to the forts of meal or flour whereof the same ought to be made; and iorts^oVjneaL 00 a^tHW> or preparation or mixture in which allum shall be or flour the an ingredient, or any other mixture or ingredient whatsoever same ought to (except only the genuine meal or flour which ought to be put be made of, therein, and common fair, pure water, eggs, milk, yeast, and barm, or such leaven as shall act anytime be allowed to be put therein by the court, or person or persons who shall, by virtue of this act, have set an afltze of bread, for the place or places where any such leaven shall be used, and where no such assize foaH have been set, then such kavenas any magistrate or magi* strates, justice or justices of the peace, within his or their jurisdiction, shall allow to be used intfcaking oforead) shall be put into, such leaven as or, n any wife used m making dough, orany bread to be sold, or as cm H allowed orforlcavcn to ferment any dough, or on any other account, in the upon penalty*trade or mystery of making bread, under any colour or pretence of the offender whatsoever, upon pain that every person (other than a servant or forfeiting (not journeyman) who (haW knowingly offend in the premisses, and vSV^'our" ^a^ conv^c^ of any such offence, either by his, her, or neyman)°not their own confession, or by the oath of one or more credible exceeding iol. witness or witnesses, before any such magistrate or magistrates^ nor less than justice or justices of the peace, within the limits of his or their*jurisdiction, shall, on every such conviction, forfeit and pay anyfura of money not exceeding ten pounds, and not less than forty shillings j or shall, by warrant under the hand and seal, or hands and JeaJs,

without any adulteration or mixture, ' except the genuine meal or flour, fak, water, eggs, milk, yean, and barm, or

1758.] Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 29.

335

of any such magistrate or magistrates, justice or justices, whhlnor being com* his or their respective jurisdiction, be apprehended and coramited "^ted, to the house of correction, or some prison of the county, city, i^our tofany town corporate, borough, riding, division, or place, where the time not exoffence shall have been committed, or the offender or offenders ceeding one shall be apprehended, there to remain and be kept to hard la- month, nor hour for any time not exceeding one calendar month, nor left 10

than ten days, from the time of such commitment, as any such y9magistrate or magistrates, justice or justices, shall think fit and order; and if any servant or journeyman baker shall knowingly and if the of-offend in the premises, and shall be convicted of any such offence, either by his, her, or their own confession, or by the oath of one ncynunl on" or more credible witness or witnesses, before any such magi- penalty of hit strate or magistrates, justice or justices of the peace, within the forfeiting not limits of his or their jurisdiction, he, she, or they who shall lo offend, shall, on every such conviction, forfeit and pay any sum of money not exceeding five pounds, and not less than twenty or being com* shillings; or shall, by warrant under the hand and seal, or hands mitted, and and seals, of any such magistrate or magistrates, justice or justices, kept t» hard within his or their respective jurisdiction, be apprehended and l*b°ur foranf Committed to the house of correction, or some prison of the county, city, town corporate, borough, riding, division, liberty, monthfnor Or place, where the offence shall have been committed, or the left ttiama offender or offenders shall be apprehended, there to remain and T*i be kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding one calendar month, nor less than ten days, from the time of every such commitment, as any such magistrate or magistrates, justice or justices, shall think fit and order; and it shall and may be lawful for the of the money magistrate or magistrates, justice or justices, before whom any of the iorfei-such offender shall be convicted, out of the money forfeited, tut*» when recovered, to cause the offender's name, place of abode, and offence, to be published in some news paper, which shall theoffciider'* be printed or published in or near the county, city, or place, name, placedf where any such offence shall have been committed. abode, and of*

XXII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, y^penalty of That from and after the said twenty ninth day of September, no ^Iterating person shall knowingly put into any corn, meal, or flour, which com, meal, or shall be ground, dressed, bolted or manufactured for sale, either flour» whether at the time of grinding, dressing, bolting, or in any wise manu- at.4^ci^nQC °* faCiuring the same, or at any other time or times, any ingredient, drdsing, or mixture, or thing whatsoever; or shall knowingly fell, offer, or bolting, 'See. exposeto or for lale, any meal or flour of one sort of grain as or or of idling

for the meal or flour of any other sort of grain, or any thing as ihc m^.al or

c.j ., J 6 r ., flour of one

or for, or m; xcd with the meal or flour of any gram, which sort of grain

shall not be the real and genuine meal or flour of the grain the for another

same shall import to be and ought to be, upon pain that every fort;

person who shall offend in the premisses, and shall be thereof conVicted in manner herein after prescribed, shall forfeit and pay Jh^not be

for every such offence, any sum not exceeding five pounds, nor the genuine.

ibid for;

33§ Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. iq.

'*"iQtito*.ftice or justices, before whom any such offender or offenders shall S thann^tbC^c conv^e^t shall think fit or order.

Where bread

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, shall beofa That from and after the said ninth day of September, no person different mixr shall knowingly put into any bread which shall be made for safe, thro what it any mixture of mca* or ^our of any other sort of grain than of the imported to be Sra^n l^e same shall import to be, and shall be allowed to be of» or isal- made of^in pursuance of this ac; or shall put into any bread

lowed, which shall be made for sale, any larger or other proportion of

°rorortion of any ot^cr or different fort or forts of grain, or the meal or flour the roxture thereof, than what shall be appointed or allowed to be puttherctn allowed of by this act; or any mixture or thing as for or in lieu of flour, shall not be which shall not really be the genuine flour the same shall import

or where an to an(* 0UB^t to upon Pain r^at ever7 Person who shall thingIhall be offend in the premisses, and shall be convicted of any such of-sold as flour, fence in manner herein after prescribed, shall forfeit and pay which is not any sum not exceeding five pounds, nor less than twenty (hill-genuine, jngS> as t^c magistrate or magistrates, justice or justices, before toCforfcit n<* whom any such offender or offenders shall be convicted, shall exceeding 5l. think fit and order, every time he, (lie, or they, shall so offend, nor left thro and be convicted.

Where bread shall be made

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or persons who shall make any bread for sale, under weight, or who send out, or fell, or expose to or for sale, any bread, shall at any time from and after the said twenty ninth day of September % make, send out, fell, or expose to or for sale, any bread which shall be deficient in weight, according to the assize which shall be set for any such bread, from time to time to be sold ar, the offender ift pursuance of this act, he, she, or they, so offending in the proforfeits not ex- misses, and being thereof convicted in manner herein after preceeding 5s nor fcrjbed of any such offence, shall forfeit and pay a sum not foe every oz. exceeding ^ve shillings, nor less than one shilling, for every deficient, ounce of bread which shall at any time be wanting or deficient in and if under the weight every such loaf ought to be of; and for every loaf of an oz. not e*- bread which shall be found wanting less than an ounce of the

nor lei? than we, 6^t l^e ^ame oug^t to be of, a sum not exceeding two (hifl* 6d.'mgs and six pence, nor less than six pence; as any such raagf-

strateormagistrates justice or justices, before whom any such bread which shall nor be of the.due weight the same ought to be, shall be brought, shall think fit or order, so as such bread which shall

C'ied such be complained of as wanting at any time in the weight the same com- ought to be of, in any city, town corporate, borough, liberty, dr ul^ny city franchise, or the jurikliQion thereof, or within the weekly bills town coi po* of mortality, shall from time to time be brought before some rate, or bo magistrate or magistrates, justice or justices, having jurisdictions rough* in the premisses, and shall be weighed before such magistrate or foreVlfema15!" mag^ratesi>just*ce or justices, within twenty four hours after the ftr&te, within1*aaie shall have been baked, fold, or exposed to or for sale; and4 hours after so as such bread which shall be complained of as wanting at any the same shall time in the weight the same ought to be of, in any hundred, wexpofedto* division, liberty, rape, wapentake, or place, shall from

sale; time

1758.] Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. 1. ap; 337

tim* to time be brought before some justice or justices of the and if in any peace of such hundred, riding, division, liberty, rape, or wapentake, or other place, and shall be weighed before such justice or &c.* "

justices within three days after the same shall have been baked, within 3#dayt

fold, or exposed to or for sale; unless it shall be made out to the of the baking,

satisfactioft of any such magistrate or magistrates, justice or ju- ^less suchcUs

ftices, by or on the behalf of the party or parties against whom ficiency arose*

any such complaint or information shall be made, that such de- from some im-

ficiency in weight wholly arose from some unavoidable accident avoidable ac-

in baking, or otherwise, or was occasioned by or through some Clde/].t: or

r a J b contrivance or

contrivance or confederacy. # confederacy.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty ninth day of September, every All bread

person who shall make for sale, or fell, expose, or send out, to or made for sale,

for sale, any sort of bread whatsoever, shall, from time to time, 1S

cause to be fairly imprinted or marked on every loaf of each m e 5

respective fort of bread which he, she, or they, shall make or sell, or carry out, or expose to or for sale, the roman letters herein after-mentioned; that is to say. Upon every loaf of the wheaten bread which shall be made, fold, carried out, or exposed to or w, th a

for sale, as wheaten bread, a large roman W; and upon every wf^nd^ouf-.

loaf of bread which shall be made, fold, carried out, or exposed hold witlfH,

to or for sale, as household or brown bread, a large roman H;

and that every person who shall make for sale, or shall fell, carry

out, or expbfe to or for sale, any loaf of any sort of breads which shall be allowed to be made in pursuance of this act, which shall not be marked pursuant to the directions of this act, so as the in order to af-

same may, on the view thereof, be ascertained, from time to cc*, ta, " unde!*

time, under what denomination or fort of bread every such loaf a^on

was made, and ought to be weighed (except as to such loaves made, and which shall be rasped after the bespeaking or purchasing thereof, ought to be by the particular desire of any person who shall order the same weighed,

to be so rasped, for his, her, or their own use or uses) shall, for every time he, she, or they, shall offend in the premisses, and 20s. nor left

be thereof convicted in manner herein after prescribed, forfeit and than 5s.

pay a sum not exceeding twenty shillings, nor less than five

shillings, as any magistrate or magistrates, justice or justices, before whom the offender shall be convicted, shall direct, for every loaf of bread not marked as hereby is directed.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Baker; de-That from and after the said twenty ninth day of September, no manding or baker, or other person or persons, shall a(k, demand, or take, taking* higher for any bread which he, she, or they, shall fell, or expose to or what the for sale, any greater or higher price than such bread shall be af- famefoall be certained to be sold for or at by the courts magistrate or magi- set at by the strates, or justices, hereby authorized to set the price and assize assize of bread, within their respective jurisdictions; and that no baker, r/uto anyper-or other person who shall make any bread for sale, shall refuse or son any of the decline to Tell any loaf or loaves of any of the sorts of bread forts allowed which, in pursuance of this act, shall be allowed or ordered to ordered to be made, to any person or persons who shall tender ready mo- ma c*Vol. XXII. Z ney,

338 Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 29.'

ney inpayment for the same, at or for the price such bread, by the aflfze which shall have been set in respect thereof, shall be when he shall fixed at, or ascertained to be sold for, when any such baker, or lmve more other person who shall make bread for sale, shall hare any loaf i^foi ?mme- of any such bread in his or their house, bakehouse, (hop, or 4hneufeof his pofleuion, to be sold, more than shall be requisite for the hn-family orcu- mediate necefliry use of his, her, or their own family, or customers; customers; and which it shall be incumbent on such oaker, or other person who shall be complained of, for refuting or dedin* in* to fell any such bread, to prove before the magistrate or magistrates, justice or justices, to whom any such complaint (halt be made, if thereunto required by the party or parties who shall forfeits not make any such complaint; upon pain that every person who exceeding40s. shall be convicted of any such offence, in manner herein after no: lets than prescribed, shall forfeit and pay a sum not exceeding forty (hil-, 0St lings, nor le'sthan ten shillings, as the magistrate or magistrates,

justice or justices, before whom any such offender or offenders shall be convicted, shall think fit and order, every time he, (he, r or they, shall so offend and be convicted.

Bread of acv

XXVI. Provided further, and it is hereby HkeWife enabled, interior qunii- That from and after the said twenty ninth day of September, no Person shall fell, of offer to sale, any bread of an inferior qua-fold°at a high- to wheaten bread, at a higher price than household bread er price than shall be set at by the assize; and if any person shall offend in the Jiouthold premisses, he shall forfeit and pay for every such offence, 09

bread»(etat, ^eing convicted thereof, either by his, her, or their Confeffinn, n penalty of or by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses, be* ao». fore any magistrate or magistrates, justice or justices, within

whose jurisdiction any such offence shall have been committed, the sum of twenty shillings.

XXVII. And, that the good design of this statutemay be the more effectually accomplished, be it further enacted by the au-Magistrates, thority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty ninth day iutticcs> of September, it shall be lawful for any magistrate or magistrates, Krlyau^ justice or justices of the peace, within the limits of their rpfpec-thonzed, may tive jurisdictiond, and also for any peace officer or officers, sweater in the thorized by warrant under the hand and seal, or hands and seale, hayrimflltI, e any such magistrate or magistrates, justice or justices; and which

&cof baker*. warrant any such magistrate or magistrates, justice or justices, «andsearchfor) and are hereby impowered to grant; at seasonable times in the and weigh, day time, to enter into any house, (hop, stall, bakehouse, ware* the bread house, or outhouse, of or belonging to any baker, or fdler of

therein; bread, to searchfor, view, weigh, and try, all or any the bread

which shall be there found: and if any bread, on any fitch search, shall be found to be wanting either in thegoodne&of the and may seize (luff whereof the same shall be made, or to be deficient in the such as iha.ll be due baking or working thereof, or shall be wanting in the due weight, or shall not be truly marked according to the directions due bak?ng, ' of this act, or shall be of any other fort of bread than shall be

or weight, allowed to be made by virtue of this act; any such magistrate or

or not proper- magistrates, justice or justices, peace officer or peace officers, ty marked, within

175.] Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 29* 339

within the limits of their respective jurisdictions, may seize the or of any diffeme and any such magistrate or magistrates, justice or justices, fort may diCpose thereof as he or they* in his or their difererion, ed of,*U°W- shall think fit. and dVpose

XX Vill. And be h farther ensured by the authority aforesaid, thereot at thek Thit if, at any time after the said twenty ninth of September, dUcrction. information shall be given, on oeth, to any magistrate or magi-ratiter0 meal-stratesv justice or justices of the peace, that there is rcafortable^a^oV baker, cade to fafpcdl that any miUer who grinds any grain for toll or shall be fuf. reward, or any person or persons who doth or do dress, bolt, or P*8d of in any wise manufacture any meal or flour for sale, or any ma-leer of bread for sale* within the limits of the jurisdiction of any 0

such magistrate or magistrates, justice or justices, doth or do mix up with, or put into, any meal pr flour ground or manui factured for fete, any mixture* ingredient, or thing whatsoever, not the genuine produce of the grain such meal or flour shall import and ought to be, or whereby the purity of any meal or flour, in the possession of any such miller, mcaiman, or baker; is or shall be in any wise adulterated; then, and in every such the magistrate case, it shall be lawful for any such magistrate or magistrates, justice or justices, and dfo for any peace officer or officers, au- ^S^thereof ihortfted by warrant or warrants to him or them directed, under on oath, may the hand and seal, er hands and seals, of any magistrate or ma- enter the pre* giftrat*, justice or justices, within the limits of their respective such

lurifdkaicms: and which warrant or warrants every such magistrate and vragtftratts, justice and justices, is and are hereby im- and make9powered to grant; at all seasonable times in the daytime, to search, or may eater into any house, mill, (hop, bake-house, stall, bolting- g*search house, pastry, warehouse, or out-house of or belonging to any such miller, meatman, or baker, and to search and examine whe- officerV ther any mixture, ingredient, or thing, not the genuine produce of the grain such meal or flour shall import and ought to be,

shall have been mixed up with, or put into, any meal or flour in thepoflession of any such miller, meaiman, or baker, either ka the grinding of any grain at the mill, or in the dreising, bolting, or manufacturing thereof, or whereby the purity of any meal orflour is or shall be in any wise adulterated ? and if on anynd eal such search it shall appear that any offence hath beencommirted^in any mill, bolting-house or other place allowed to be search- etj to have ed, contrary to the true intent of this act 5 then, and in every been adultera-such case , it shall and may be lawful to and for any magistrate rcjl» ar h or cnagtstrates, justice or justices of the peace, officer or officers, authorized as aforesaid respetfwety, within the limits of theit" miVtures and respective jtnrtfdidion, to seize and fake any meal or fldur which iner edients*{ball be deemed, on any foeb search, urhav* been adulterated, if set^ed by a and att miNturesnncI ingredients which shall be found and deemed to have been used, or intended to be used, in or for any such Jl }£fgre ar- adulteration; and such thereof as shall be seized by any peace magistrate $ officer or officers authorized as aforesaid, shall, with all convenient speed, after seizure tl>ereof, be carried to fbme magistrate ]or magistratts, justice or justices of the peace, within the limits

Z 2 of

340 Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 19.

[175&

if toted by of whose jurisdiction the same shall have teen so seized^ and if a*y thence magistrate or magistrates, justice or justices of the peace, who by tonvto be Bukc any Seizure in purfuaocc of this act, or to whom

adulterated, any thing seized under the authority of this act shall be brought, shall adjudge that any mixture or ingredient*, not thwgcouine produce of the grain any such meal or flour which- shall have been so seized, mall import and ought to be, shall haveput into any such. meal or flour, or that the purity of any such. mcaknr flour lo seized, was adulterated by any. mixture.) or ingredient he may dispose put therein; then, and in any such case, every such magistrate thereof a* he or magistrates, justice or justiceB, is-and are hereby required.} thinks proper} within the limits of their respective jurisdiction, to disposewf the same as he or they, in his or their diferedon, Shall} £iroh>t*me to time, think proper.

and the miller,

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority afoM&d, meatman, or That every miller, meatman, baker, or feller of bread aaafore-baker, in said, in whose house, mill. Shop* bake-house, stall, jboltipg* mu"* house, paltry, warehouse, out-hou(e, or possession, any mixture turn or ingno* or ingredient shall be found, which shall be adjudged by any dimt* OtaAbe magistrate or magistrates, justice or justices, to havebeealodg-found, and ed there, with an intent to have adulterated the purity of meal,

be intended ur> w bread, shall, on being convicted of any such offence,

to be used in e*ber by his, her, or their own confession, or by theoarhof

adulterating, one or more credible witness or witnesses, before any such rtw* it to forfeit giflrate or magistrates, justice or justices of the peace, writbia upon convic- wj, 0fe jurisdiction any such offence shall have been committed, not exceeding forfeit and pay for every such offence, a sum not exceeding tan joL nor less 8 pounds, nor less than forty shillings, as the magistrate or magi* thap 40 >. States, justice or justices, before whom any such offender or of*

unless it be fenders shall be convicted, shall think fit and order; uni els the

made appear, party or parties charged with any such offence, shall make.it ap» that the same pear to the satisfaction of the magistrate or magistrates, justice ed there with orjuft*ccs> who shall find or seize any such mixture or ingreth* such huenti. ents» or before whom the same shall be brought, that such mix-on, but for Jure or ingredients was or were not brought or lodged where some other the lame was or were found or seized, with any design or intent lawful pur- to have been put into any meaLor flour, or to have adulterated P° c'therewith the purity of any meal or flour, but that the lame

was in the place or places in which the same shall have been and part of the fPUQd or seized as aforesaid, for some other lawful purpose and forfeiture may it shall and may be lawful for the magistrate or magistrates, -jttf--be-applied in tice or justices, before whom any fu«h offender shall be coovidt-puhhflung the cd, out of the money forfeited, when recovered, to cause the name place offerer's name, place of abode, and offence, to be published of abode, and iQ some news paper which shall be printed or published in or the offence, near the county, city, or place, where any such offence shall have been committed.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

struaing or That if any person or persons shall wilfully ofa&udk or -hinder opposing any any search as herein before is authorized to be made, or the fei-fearob or fei- zure of any bread*, or of any ingredients which flMlLjta found sure* afore. on

1758.] Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 29. 941

<manyfachsearch, and deemed to have been lodged with an in- said*are to lenttoadukerate the purity or wholesomeness of meal, floor, or* breads or shall wilfully oppose or resist any such search being^i^an made, or the carrying away any such ingredients as aforesaid, or a0s. any bread which shall be seized, as not being made pursuant to this he; Ate, or they, so doing or offending in any of the cases aforesaid, shall, on being convicted thereof in manner hcrem < after prescribed, forfeit and pay for every offence such fam* not exceeding five pounds, nor less than twenty shillings, as the magistrate or magistrates, justice or justices, before whom any such offender or offenders shall be convicted, shall think fit, and order;

XXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the au* Any miller, thority aforesaid, That no person who shall follow, or be con* |*ie*, mani»or earned in, the business of a miller, meatman, or baker, shall be ? to % ata capable of acting, or shall be allowed to act, as a magistrate, magistrate or or justide of the peace, under this act, or in putting in execu-juihce in the-tien any<of the powers in or by this act granted; and if any miller, nfteaiman, or baker, shall presume so to do, he or they toVhis

so offending in the premisses, shall, for every such offence, for* mfonner. feit and pay the sum of fifty pounds to any person or persons who will inform or sue for the same; to be recovered in any of Method of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, by action of debt, recovery, bill* plaint, or information; wherem no essoin, wager of law, or more than one imparlance, shall be allowed; or by way of ftiwawary complaint before the court of fdfion in that part of Qtear Britain called Scotland.

XXXII. Provided always, and be italfo enacted by the author Where any rity aforesaid, That if any person who shall carry on or follow baker shall^oii the trade of a baker, shall, at any tome after the twenty ninth co^natf a day of iStptem&er, make complaint to any magistrate or tnagit> thaftfe straets, justice or justices of the peace, within their jurisdiction, offence he was end make appear to them, by the oath of any credible witness* charged with, thhrany offence, which any such person who shall so carry on 81, (1 or follow the find trade of a baker shall have been charged with, £^af, by and shall have incurred and paid any penalty under this act, the wilful del shall have been occasioned by or through the wilful neglect or fault of his default of any journeyman or other servant employed by or uni journeyman der any such person who shall so follow or carry on the said or torvant» trade of a baker; then, and in any such case, any such magi- the magiffrats strate or magistrates, justice or justices, may and are hereby re* shall issue his quired to iffoe out his or theie warrant, under his or their reipec* warrant for*tive hands and seals, for briogiogany such journeyman or fer* apprehending yarn beforehny such magistrate or magistrates, justice or justices, the*or anymfegiArate orjuftieeof the county^city, riding, division, or platfe, terae the oflfender can be found; and, on any such journeyman or servant being thereupon apprehended, and brought before any such magistrate on magistrates, justice or justices, he or they, wahintheir respective jurisdictions, is and are hereby authoristodaftd required to examine into the matter of such com* pfaunt; ag&on pttof thereof being upon o^tfa, to the satisfac* and upon con* r*zy tionvia^orth*

be pai

mallei

342 Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. d.9.

offence, shall tien of any such magi Ante or ma^iftraces, j office or justioat of decree a rea- tj, e who shall hear such'said complaint, then any fifth

«>rnp«nce"to magistrate or magistrates, justice or justices, ra and are hereby >aid to the directed and authorized by any order under his or their respective hand or hands, to adjudge and order what reafooaUo Cm of money shall be paid by any such journeyman or (erratic to hh in after or mistress, as or by way of rsoomjwnce to him or her; for the money he or she shall have paid by reason of thervilfid neglect or default of any such journeyman or (errant: and if any such journeyman or servant shall neglect or rsfbfe, on hie con* vision, to make itfimodiate payment of the sum of money which any such magistrate or magistrates, justice or justices, ftutil order him tb pay by reason of such his said wilful neglect or default; then any such magistrate or magistrates, justice or justices, witfc-in their respective jurisdictions, ie and are hereby author!md and required, by warrant under his or their hands and seals, to cause every such journeyman or servant to be apprehended and committed tb the hoUfe of correction, or some other prifen of

r»

and on 'non-payment thereof, shall commit the offender;

to be kept to hard labour

«Exceeding, he county, riding, division, city, town oorporate, borough, <* one month, 6 place, in which any such journeyman or servant shall be appro un left payment be sooner made.

bended bf convicted, to be there kept to hard labour for any time not exceeding one Calendar month from the time of such commitment, as to such magistrate or magistrates, justice or justices, shall seem reasonable, unless payment shall be made of the money ordered after such commitment, and before the expiration of the said term of one calendar month.

XXXIII. 'And, for the better and more recovery of the fr> veral penalties and forfeitures to be incurred by disobedience to this bit, and tlye powers herein contained, and difptfing of the money Stdied shall be forfeited by breach or nOn-obstrvanct of any part of thit j

411 offences be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and gainttthisa&maybe lawful to and for the mayor of the said city of London for*}]?* he*.rd the time being, or any alderman of the said city, within the said edina sum" t*ty or J'^ert*e* (hereof 5 and to and for any other of his Maje-maiy way, by fty's justices of the peace, of any one of them, within their ro macjstrates spective counties, ridings, divisions, cities, towns oorporete, bb-

W'fcw> t'ie'* roughs, liberties, or jurisdictions, to hear and determine^ fn a [untiiabns. summary way, all offences committed against the tlue intent Lff."and meaning of this act; and for that purpose, to fumtnon b$-be furamon^forc them, or any of them, within their respective jurisdictiobs, any party or parties accused of being an offender or offenders and not ap- against the titic intent and meaning of this act: and in case the pearing the re- party accused shall not appear on such summons, or offer fooe to, or offering reasonable excuse for his default; then', upon oath by any ttf* exc*use!rnay*bedible of any offence committed contrary to the true ih-

apprehended. tent and meaning of this act, any such magistrate or magtftmfee, justice or justices, shall issue his or their warrant or warrants for apprehending" the offender or offenders within the jurisiJiftion of any such magistrate or magistrates; justice or justices: and upoti the appearance of the parry or parties accused, or, in case he or they shall riot appear, on notice being given to, or left for, him v 2'of

Matter of the complaint to be enquired ijxto upon

175* ] Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. zg. 343

pr them, at his or their usual place of abode, or if he or they oa th, and ex-cannot be apprehended on a warrant granted against him or them ot

as herein before is directed; then, and in any such case, any W1 ne such magistrate or magistrates, justice or justices, is and are hereby authorised and required to proceed to make inquiry touchinghe matters complained of, and to examine any wit- oefs or witnesses, who shall be offered on either side, on oath, as aforesaid, and which every such magistrate or magistrates, justice or justices, is and are hereby authorised, im powered, and required, to administer; and, after hearing of the partiesn£the who shall appear, and the witnesses who shall be offered on either ^V^cquUed side, such magistrate or magistrates, justice or justicei, shall con- thereupon. viA, or acquit, the party or parties accused: and if the penalty, The penalty Or money forfeited, on any such conviction, shall not be paid on n0I?P*y-within the (paccof twenty four hours after any such conviction, whhin 24 pvery such magistrate or magistrates, justice or justices, shall hours, thereupon issue a warrant or warrants under his band and seal, or their hands and teals, respectively, directed to any peace offi-.ccror officers within their respective jurisdictions, impowering him or than to make distress.of the goods or chattels of the on 2Jej fender or offenders; and if any offender shall convey away his and if the Roods out of the jurisdiction of any such magistrate or magU goods and fixates, justice or justices, before whom he was convicted, or so chattels of the much thereof that the penalty oannot be levied, then some ma- Parfy I1 be gistrate or justice within whole jurisdiction the offender shall have iar£

removed his goods, shall back the warrant granted by any such diction, the*magistrate or justice, magistrates or justices; and thereupon the magistrate penalty forfeited, shall be levied on the offender's goods and thereof*to

thereof; and if within five day. from the distrtfs being taken, the money forfeited shall not be paid, ancj the d»f-the goods feinen shall be appraised and fold, rendering the over* tress, if not replus (if any) after deducing the penalty or forfeiture, and the deemed with; costs and charges of the prosecution, distress, and sale, to the jj a nraif- owner; which charges shall be ascertained by the magistrate or ed and Pioldj" magistrates, justice or justices, before whom any such offender and all char* or offenders shall have bocti so convicted, or by the magistrate or g*»*er justice who backed the warrant, if either of them (halfcontinuc alive; and if not, by some other magistrate or justice of the b^dedu^ed county, riding, division, city, or place, in which the offender thereout 5 shall have been convicted; and for want of suchdistress, then every and want

such magistrate or justice within whoserefpeAive jurisdiction any cf distrrfTthe such offender or offenders shall reside or be, shall, on the appli- offender is to cation of any prosecutor or prosecutors, and proof made of the be committed convictian and nonpayment of the penalty and charges, by war- for month* rant under his hand and seal, commit every such offender or gffenders to the commongaol or house of corrcAion of the city or county, riding, division, or place, where such offender or offenders shall be found; there to remain for the space of one calen* dar month from the time of such commitment, unless, after such wnless pay* commitment, payment shall be made of the said penalty or for- 'ne, t °c, feature, oofts and charges, before the expiration of the said one ooner, na c*

3*4

Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. tfgft [i 75$$

calendar month; and all such penalties and forfdtfjbsy vbdi recovered, shall be paid to the informer. CL

Power to sum-

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, mon material That if it shall be made out by the oath of aftycrowblejperson evi ences, or persons to /atisfaction of any magistrate or magistrates, justice or justices, that any one within the jurisdiction of any fuctv magistrate or magistrates, justice or justices, <js likely to give or offer material evidence on behalf of the prosecutor of any offender or offenders against the true intent and meaning of this a ft, or on behalf of the perform or persons accused, and will \ not voluntarily appear before such magistrate or magistrates, justice or justices, to be examined, and give his, her, or their evidence concerning the premises* every such magistrate or rira-gistrates, justice or justices, is and are hereby authorized and required to issue his or their furamons to convene ever* such r witness and witnesses before any such magistrate or magistrates,

' justice or justices, at such seasonable time as in such futmntas and of com-, shall be fixed; and if any person so summoned shall neglect or refuse to appear at the time by such summoas appointed, and dear, such as^ 00 excuse shall be offered for such neglect or refusal, then shall not ap- (after proof by oath of such summons having been duly fenred upon the party or parties so summoned) every such magistrate and magistraies, justice and justices, is and are hereby authorized and required to issue his or their warrant under his. hand and fealj.or their hands and feats, to bring every such witness dr witnesses before any such magistrate or magistrates, justice m justices i and on the appearance of any such witness before any fuefi magistrate or magistrates, justice or justices, every such war gistrate or magistrates, justice or justices, is and are hereby an* 'n, thorized and impowered to examine upon oath every such vrit-

ness: and if any such witness on his or her appearance, or am being brought before any such magistrate or magistrates, justice or justices, shall refuse to be examined on oath concerning the

nremiffesj, without offering any just excuse for such refusal, any and onrtfufel, tuck magistrate or magistrates, justice or justices, within theii-withowt loft: mits of his or their jurisdiction, may, by warrant under his hand and seal, or their hands and seals, commit any person or persons so refusing to be examined, to the public prison of the county, riding», division, city, liberty, or place, in which the person or persons so refusing to be examined shall be, there to remain for any time not exceeding fourteen days, ' nor less than three days, as any such magistrate or magistrates, justice or days, but not justices, (half direct.

left than 3.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, WdrawnucT That t^e magistrate or magistrates, justice or justices, before, »n the follow- whom any person shall be convicted, in manner prescribedby form. this act, shall cause such respective conviction to be drawnup in the forms or to the effect following (that is.tp say)'

pear upon ihm'mons.

Witnesset to be examined tmojxb i

cauft shewn,

suy be committed for 14.

l!"r

-in

Tt

x fsfi-. 1 Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 49; 345

(To remembered, Thatenthis day

JD tf in tbt year of the reign if

A.B. is convbfted before Maje-

jiffs justices of the peace for the fend county of or for the riding or division of the county of

v or for the city, liberty, or town of

- (as-the case shall happen to be) for and

da adjudge him, her (or them) to pay and forfeit for the same, the sum of

Given tinder the day

and year aforesaid.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the authority afore- No conviction, findt That no Certiorari, letters of advocation, or of suspension or other pro-Shall be granted to remove any conviction, or other proceedings f'eding»*T*y bad thereon in pursuance of this act. wcEw.ri

XXXVII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted Sec.

by the authority aforesaid, That if any person convicted of any Person s ag-offence punishable by this act, shall think him, her, or them- grieved by fife selyes, aggrieved by the judgement of the magistrate or magi- lodgement of, flrates, justice or justices, before whom he, she, or they, shall have been convicted, such person shall have liberty, from time appeal to thef totime, to appeal to the justices at the next general or quarter next general' icffions of the peace, which shall be held for the county, riding, r quarter fef-efivision, city, liberty, town, or place, where such judgement shall "on*' have been given, and that the execution of the (kid judgement, and execution shall, in such case, be suspended; the person so convicted, en- pfiudgenvettt tering into a recognizance at the time of such conviction, with two Efficient sureties in double the sum which such person shall have been adjudged to pay or forfeit, upon condition to prose- Appellantkto cute such appeal with effect, and to be forthcoming to abide the enter."to rejudgement and determination of the justices at their bid ndtft feoi-

general or general quarter sessions } which recognizance the ma- nty, to prose-gistrate or magistrates, justice or justices, before whom such cute the ap-

conviction shall be had, is and are hereby impowered and re- eft,

quired to take; and the justices in the said general or generSl "

quarter sessions are hereby authorized and requireiPto heat and fticet-in their

finally determine the matter of every such appeal, 4nd to award said sessions such costs as to them shall appear just and reasonable to be paid are to hear by either party: and if, upon hearing the said appeal, (fie judgei-ment of the magistrate or magistrates, justice orjuftieds, before fbefeof, arf<F whom the appellant or appellants shall have been convicted, award colt*' shall be affirmed, such appellant or appellants shall immediately thereupon..pay down the sum he, she, or they, shall have been adjudged to forfeit, together with such costs, as the justices in their said the:

general or general quarter sessions, shall award-to-be paid to the appeWanrf boo prosecutor or informer, for defraying the expences (iiftaihed by p*y dtf*b'*tfe reason of any such appeal; and in default of thCappellant's pay- ^j['ture ing the same, any two such justices, or any one magistrate or "j*n default justice of the peace, having jurisdiction in the place into which is to be com. any such appellant or appellants shall escape, or where he, (he, mitted.

or

34& Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c.a£. £175(4

or they, shall r elide, shall and msty, by warrant under dnr. hands and (cals, or his hand and leal, commit every fochap* pellant and appellants to the common gaol of the county, city, riding, division, or place, where he, .(he, or they, shall be apprehended, until he, she, or they, shall make payment of such penalty, and of the cpfts and charges which shall be adjudged on the conviction, to the informer; but if the appellant or ap-lf the judge, pellants in any such appeal shall make, good Ids, her, or their ment be re- appeal, and be discharged of the said Conviction, masonable costs Verst|j'*nd the shall be awarded to the appellant or appellants against such in-dUcharged of former or infprtrters, who would (in case of such conviction) theconvic- have been intitled to the penalty to have been recovered as afore-tien, costs are said; and which costs shall and may be recovered by the ap-to be awarded pellant or appellants against any such informer or informers, ns agaiilftthe^n- maoner M costs given at any general or general quarter fcf* former. lions of the' peace, are recoverable. 1

If the convic.

XXXVIII. Provided aMo, and be it further enacted by the tien shall bap. authority aforesaid, That if any such conviction shall happen t» pen to be be made within foe days before any general or general quarter 'fthinf fl-day* ^eons the peace which shall beheld for the county*, ruiltiig, p'1 ^a'°ns' division, city, town, corporate, borough, or place, where such then be made conviction shall have been made, then the party or partita who. to the sessions shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved by any fudwjon-lollowing. viction, shall and may, on entering intoa recognisance in manner and for the purports before directed, be at liberty to<appeal either to the then next or the next following general or general quarter sessions of the peace, which shall be held for any such county, riding, division, city, town corporate, borough, liberty, or place, where any such conviction shall have been made. Limitation of

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, actions against That every adionor (tut which shall be brought or commenced ur*' a6a'n^ any magistrate or magistrates, justice or justices, or any and ptac^of- peace officer or officers, for any matter or thing done or couunit-ficerss"'ted by virtue of, or under this&, shall be commenced within six months next after the (act committed, and not afterwards; and shall be laid or brought in the county, city, or {dace, where the matter in dispute shall arise, and not elsewhere; and thar the Statute made in the twenty fburthyear of his peefimt-Maje* Act of u Geo fty'8 reign> intituled An 08 for rendering the jeffiitet of theptmt a. extended to mre fif*» execution of their office; and for indemnifrm ttn-

magistrates Jiables, and others, ailing in ohodientt to their tuarnmlry fa&r aa

andjultices the said aeft relates to the rendering the justices noore fafo in the authority 0? cxccut*on of their office, shall extend and be construed to extend this act. to the magistrate and magistrates^ justice and justices of the peace, ailing under the authority or in pursuance of this act j j days notice and that no action or suit shall be had or commenced against, to be given to nor shall any writ be filed out, or copy of any writ be finned pace officers, upon, any peace officer or officers, for any thing done in the ine out any execu, lon of this act, until seven days after a notice in writing affion against shall have been given to or left for him or them, at his or their them. usual place of abode, by the attorney for the party intending to

>75^.] Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 49. 347

commence such action 5 which notice in writing shall contain Notice to con* thu name and place of abode of the person intending to bringtai? such action, and also of hi* attorney, and likewise the cause of prosecutof mS&onor complaint: and any peace officer or officers shall be at and his attor-liberty, and may, by virtue of this a«5t, at any time within (even ney, and cause days after any Rich notice shall have been given to, or left for, °ffl?ct, on-him, tender, or cause to be tendered, any sum or sums of mo* thereupon y ney, as amends for the injury complained of, to the party com* make tender plaining, or to the attorney named in any such notice; and, if of amends the same is not aooepted of, the defendant or defendants in any nd P, rad* such action orations may plead such tender in bar of such ac* th^ene^ tkm or actions, together with the general issue, or any other rai issue, &c. plea, with leave or the court in which the action shall be com* in bar ot fad* snenced $ and if, upon issue joined on such tender, the jury action, shall find the amends tendered to have been sufficient, they mall find a verdict for the defendant or defendants: and in every such case, or if the plaintiff shall become nonsuit, or discontinue his action j or tf judgement shall be given for the defendant or defendants upon demurrer; or if any action or suit shall be brought after the time limited by this act for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other county of (dace than at oforeftid j then, and in any such case, the jury shall find for the defendant or defendants; and the defendant or defendants shall be infilled to his or their costs: but if the jury shall find, that Defendant re. ito such tendtr was made, or that the amends tendered were not covering to be fitfficiem, or shall find against the defendant or defendants, on allowed his any plea or pleas by him or them pleaded; they shall then give |jr L

a Verdictt for the plaintiff, and such damages as they shall think, ering, intitled proper j and the plaintiff shall thereupon recover his pads against to damages every such defendant and defendants. and softs.

XL. And be it Anther enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any action or suit shall be commenced against any per- Person* feed fen or persons for any thing done in pursuance of this act, the tto

defendant or defendants in any such action or suit may plead the general UTue 1 general issue, and give this am, and the (pedal matter, in evi- 6 denoe, at any trial to be had thereupon; and that the same was done in pursuance and by the authority of this act: and if it shall appear so to have been done, or ua verdict shall be recorded for the defendant or defendants; or if the plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his action, after die defendant or defendants shall have appeared; or if judgement shall be given, upon a verdkft or demurrer, against the plaintiff or plaintiffs 5 the defendant or defendants-in every such action shall and may recover treble costs j and have the like remedy for the same as any defendant or defendants hath or have in other cases by law for recovery of his, her, or their costs.

XLI. Provided always, That no person shall be convicted, in manner aforesaid, for any of the before-mentioned offences, tinless the prosecution, in order to such conviction, be commenced within three days next after the offence committed.

and obtaining a verdict, recover treble costs.

Prosecution to be commenced within 3 days after tin offence.

in the city and liberty of Westminster

J48 Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II.

General re-

XLII. Provided also, and.beJt enacted, That this act, or iervation of any thing herein contained, Audi not extend to prejudice any ri& u* right or custom of the city of Lends* or thepractice there uted, or any right or custom of any lord or lords of any leet, to set, inquire, and punish, the breach of assize of bread, within their respective leets or views of frank pledge, or the right of any clerk or clerks of the market m any place.

Reservation of

XLIII. Provided further, and it is hereby iikewifouiiaAfd, rights of the That neither this act, or any thing herein contained, shall ex-stewlutf of8" tcru*> or* construed to extend, to prejudice the anient right Westminster, or custom of the dean of the collegiate church of Stf/fer to set an assize Westminster* or the high steward of the city of Westminster, 'and ^e liberties thereof, or his deputy, or any of them, to set, af-, n* -" certain, and appoint, the assize and weight of all sorts of bread

to be sold or exposed to sale within the said city of fViftmnfttrs and the liberties thereofbut they, and every of them, shall and may severally and respectively, from time to time, as there shall be occasion, set, ascertain, and appoint, within thelaid tiby of Wesimitiftery and the liberties thereof, according to the true-intent and meaning of this act, the assize and weight of H sorts of bread which mall be made, fold, or exposed to sale, by any person or persons within the limits of the said city of Westf/nnjlir^ and the liberties thereof; and shall and may inquireand puniftt the 1>reachJ of every such assize and weight of bread, as fully and freely in all respects, as they, or any of them, have heretofore been accustomed to do, and as if this act had never beeniftadd; any thing herein, contained to the contrary thereof notwith-standing.

XLIV. Provided likewise, That neither this act, not way Reservation of thing herein contained, shall extend, or beconftrtred to extend; rights to the to prejudice thd ancient right or custom of the two tmiyerfities cf Oxford or Cambridge, or either of them, or of then* Of either Cambridgetto of their clerks of the market, or the practice within the several fct an aflac' of jurisdictions of the said universities, or either of them; used, io bread within set, ascertain, and appoint, the assize and weight of all sorts of bread to be sold or exposed to sale within their fervbral jurisdk* lions; but that they, and every of them, shall and may severally and respectively, from time to time, as there shall be occasion, for, ascertain, and appoint, within their several and respective jurisdictions, the affile and weight of al) sorts of bread to be sold or exposed to sale by any taker or other perfcri whatsoever, within the limits of their several jurisotdions; and shall afid may inquire and punish the breach thereof, as folly and Fredjr in all respects as they used to do, and as if this afd had (fever been made 3 any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

1 pu

r on

arty breach thereof.

their jurisiiic-lions i

sndounifl)

any breach thereof.

Vi'ZL' t

w CAP.

175*0 Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. go* 349

CAP. XXX.

An act for applying the money granted by parliament towards*defraying the charge of pay and cloathing for the militia,

for the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty eight; and for defraying the expences incurred on account of the militia, in the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the sum of one hundred thousand pounds has been

granted to his Majesty, upon account, towards defraying the

<charge of pay and cloathing for the tnilitia, for the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty eight; and for defraying fuel expences as were actually incurred upon the account of the militia, in the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty ftven \ in order therefore that the said Upon certifi-ium of one hundred thousand pounds may be regularly and cate of the properly applied; be it enacted by the King's most excellent lieutenant or majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual ^nt^of th^" and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament aflemr county, to the tied, and by the authority of the same, That within fourteen treasury, of days after that his Majesty's lieutenant of any county, riding, or the actual in-place, within that part of Great Britain called England, or, in ailment of Jjis absence, three deputy lieutenants, shall have certified to the ^men^c*10* of of his Majesty's treasury, or the high treasurer quired to i>e for the time being* that such proportion of the number of pri- inrolled, be-vate militia men of any regiment or battalion of such county, fore pay, arros# riding, or place, has been chosen or inrolled, as is by law re- ar/t^be inquired to be chosen or inrolled, before any pay, arms, accoutre- ed, dents, or cloathing for the militia, is allowed to be issued; and and that the j that the like proportion of the number of the commission officers officers Mfo of such regiment or battalion have been appointed, and have lito

taken put their commissions and entered their qualificationsiffue anbrder the said CQtmnifliopers of his Majesty's treasury, or any three to the receiver Of more of them, or the said high treasurer, shall issue a war- general of the rant or order directed to the receiver or receivers general of the ma^th^pay-land tax for such county, riding, or place, to make the issues ment8 accord! or payments following; that is to say, ingtotherate*

'set down i

The whole sum required for cloathing the militia for such yiz.forcloath-county, riding, or place, at the rate of one pound one shilling in&l for each private man or drummer j and at the rate of two pounds Jen (hidings for each serjeant.

And alfp for the pay Of the said militia for four months in ad-yancp, at the rate of six Shillings a day for each adjutant; and Monthsi« ad-at the rate of one shilling a day for each serjeant, with the ad- vance j dition of two shillings and six pence a week for each serjeant major; and at the rate of six pence a day for each drummer, with the addition of three shillings and six pence a week for each drum major; and also at the rate of one shilling for each private man, with the addition of six pence to each corporal,

for

350 Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. gOw

for every day in which such private man or corporal shall be respectively employed in the militia, for half a >yn(i also half a year's salary for the clerk of each battalion of to the ct?ofmiIitia Wonging to such county, riding, or place, at the cate the battalion }o{ fify pounds a year.

and also allowances to

And also to pay the respective allowances |o the clerk of the general meetings, and clerks of the several fobdivision meetings, at the rates following; that is to say,

the clerk of To the clerk of the general meerings, at the rate of fire m«XgsS pQuuds five shillings for each meeting.

to the cietks And to the several clerks of the subdivmon meetings, at the of the lubdi- rate of one pound one shilling for each meeting, vision meet-

All which said Turns of money, except such as shall be due to bepaidufthe* f^e several clerks of the meetings aforesaid, shall be paid by the clerk of the said receiver or receivers general into the hands of the cleric or battalion. clerks of the battalion or battalions of militia belonging to such county, riding, or place, upon his or their producing his or their warrant of appointment to such office, under the hand and seal of his Majesty's lieutenant for such county^ riding, of place, A second a accor^'n8to the number of persons hereby intitled to receive pay, inentof + y of which such battalion or battalions shall have been appointed months in ad- to consist and also within fourteen days after the expiration of vance to be the third month from the time of the said first payment, to m^th" aft" 3 ma^e a fCCQn^ payment for four months, in advance, for the cielWreceipt PaY of the militia, and clerks of battalions aforesaid, in the pm* to be a dif- portions before mentioned; and the receipts of fuel) clerk or charge for the clerks shall be a sufficient discharge to such receiver or receivers fumsfo paid, general, for the several Aims of money so by him or them paid. Clerk to pay, jj And be it enacted, That the clerk of each battalion of time, ^months militia, shall forthwith, after the receipt of such Aims of money pay in ad- as aforesaid, pay or cause to he paid, to the captain or com-vance to the manding officer of each company belonging to such battalion, captains, two months pay in advance for his respective company, and so stribuet the ^rom time to time so long as any money on that account, shall same to their remain in his hands; which pay the said captain or command-companies, ing officer is hereby required to distribute to each person belonging to his company, by this act intitled to receive the same, as and render an it shall become due; and shall give in to the clerk of the bat-accoum there- taj; on to which such company shall belong, an account of the andpay back*several payments he shall have made in pursuance of this act;

and shall pay back to the said clerk the surplus, if any, of the monies by him, from time to time, received, and then remaining in his hands.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said clerk may and

hand'?money reta'n to his own ufo out of the money so by him received, for his own such Turns as are herein before allowed for his salary, and shall salary j also pay and discharge such fume of money as shall be due and owing for. or on account of the doathiqg of the said militia, not

the surplus monies.

Clerk to de-

1758.] Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 30.

exceeding the rates herein before mentioned, to such person or and to pay (he persons as shall produce an order from his Majesty's lieutenant, b^s or from the commanding officer of such battalion, for that ck)athing-

purpose. T, Allowance to

IV. And be it enacted, That the said< receiver or receivers geT be paid to the

neral shall pay to the clerk of the general meetings his allow- clerk of the ance at the rate of five pounds five shillings for each meeting, SeRCral meet-upon his producing an order or orders for that purpose from his present Majesty's lieutenant, or three deputy lieutenants, alTem-anor(jer* bled at some general meeting or meeting*; and shall also pay to from the lieu-each and every the clerks of the subdivision meetings their fevc-tenant> &c-ral allowances, at the rate of one pound ope shilling for each{j* meeting, upon his or their producing an order or orders from vision meet- one or more deputy lieutenant or deputy lieutenants, assembled ings, upon pro-in the several subdivision meetings; which said orders shall be to ducing a like the said receiver or receivers general a sufficient dischkrge for ^puty^Td-the payment of such allowances, and be allowed in his or their tenants, account. Orders to be a

discharge to receivers general. 1

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the clerk of tferks °ftbe

each battalion of militia shall give security to the good liking gue

of his Majesty's lieutenant of the county, riding, or place, to r y*which such battalion shall belong, for duly answering and paying such sums as he shall from time to time have received, and

For duly accounting for the same, and for performance of thetruft and to deliver hereby in him reposed; and shall, between the feast days of to the recehr-Saint Mubatl the Archangel and Saint John the Evangelist, in wee^Mi-the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty eight, deliver to Velmas and the receiver or receivers general of the land tax for the county, % 7 December, riding, or place, to which such battalion shall belong, a fair ac- account of count in writing of all monies by him received and disbursed iq pursuance of this act, with proper vouchers for the same $ and ments^and shall pay back to the said receiver or receivers general any fur-pay back the

Elus that shall be then in his hands; which said accounts shall surplus.

e signed by the said clerk, and transmitted by the said receiver Account to b« or receivers general of the land tax into the office of the auditor of the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer. for's office/

VI. And whereas in the course of the year one thousand seven bun- Liputensnuto dr id and fifty seven, several exptntes were incurred on account of the P*Y the.ex* militia; be it enacted, That his Majesty's lieutenant of any county, riding, or place, wherein any such expences have been yw % on ac_ incurred, shall be, and is hereby impowered and directed to fa- count of the tisfy such demands on that account, as to him shall appear rea- militia (enable; and to draw on the receiver or receivers general of the the receiver^1 land tax for such county, riding, or place, for such sum of mo- general for ney, as shall have been paid, or shall be due on that account; the Sums so which said draught shall be to the said receiver or receivers ge- paid, or due. neral a sufficient discharge for the payment of such sum of mo-nev, and be allowed in his or their account. the same*/

VII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no fee or gra< No fee to be

tuity whatsoever shall be given orpaid for or upon account of paid for issuing any warrants or'money.

Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 31; [17efi.

any warrant, or any sum of money which shall be issued in re* lation to, or in pursuance of, this act.

CAP. XXXI.

An act for granting to his Majesty certain Jams of wumq out of the sinking fund, for the fervid of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty eight, and for empowering the proper officers to make forth duplicates of exchequer bills, tickets, certificatesf receipts, annuity orders, and other orders, in lieu of fitch as shall be lofi9 booms, or othertmfe defrayed; and for obliging the retailers, of wines, commonly called Sweets, or Made Wines, /* take out a wine licence.

[Preamble.]

Most gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal fubie&s, the commons of Great Britain in parliament assembled, being desirous to raise the residue of the necessary supplies which we have chearfully granted to your Majesty in this felGon of parliament, by ways and means the least burthensome to your Majesty's subjects, have resolved to give and grant to your Majesty the sums herein after mentioned; and do therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the autho-thority of the same, That by or out of such monies as have arisen, or shall or may arise, and be and remain in the receipt of the exchequer, of the surplusses, excesses, overplus monies, and other revenues composing the fund, commonly called The sinking fund, ' {after paying or reserving sufficient to pay all such sums of money as have been directed by any former act or acts of parliament to be paid out of the same) there shall and may granted out of and applied a sum not exceeding three hundred thou-

the surplusses sand pounds*, for and towards the supply granted to his Majesty of the sinking for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty fund for the eight; and the Commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, or any service o the tbrce or more Of them now being, or the high treasurer, or any three or more of the commissioners of the treafunr for the time being, are hereby authorized and impowered toifliie and apply the same accordingly.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That the sum of ninety three thousand three hundred and seventy one pounds, eleven shillings, and seven pence three far-remaining in things, remaining in the receipt of the exchequer, disposeable*fC cxcfb?uer by parliament for the public service, of the income of the fur-fund for the P*u*ks* excesses> overplus monies, and other revenues, corn-quarter end- P°sing said fund, commonly called The sinking fund, for the ingioOct. quarter ended the tenth day of October, one thousentf seven

bun-

year175S, and to be lf-lued by the treasury accordingly.

93>37*1. ns.

7d. 3q. surplus monies

t/5* j Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. $t. 3$g

hundr&d'ahd ftftjf fetfest, Thailand may be, in Hke'hi&ririds, if*-sued and applied at the said receipt, for and" towards' the said supply.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, 491, 4.001. is.

That the fath* of <foor hundred ninety two thousand'and four sj*-Iiker fu.r" hundred*pounds, eight shillings and three pence, remaining in {ng8}^10" the receipt of the exchequer* disposeable by parliament for the exchequer, public service, of the income of the furolufles, excesses, over- for thequar-plus mohies, and other revenues^ composing the said Fund, com- ter ending ftiohly collect The' sinking ftfrtd', for the quarter ended the fifth to beiffuecftol dYyttf: ^wV7; nfte thousand seven hundred and fifty eight, shall and wards the said may be iri like manner iffuCd and applied at the said receipt, ' for supply.*and towards the said supply.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, 5*

That by or out of such monies as shall thereafter, from time tofrued % i°like time* be and remain in the receipt of the exchequer, of the fur- manner, out of plufles, excesses, overplus monies, and other revenues, compos* the growing ing the said fund, commonly called The sinking fund, ii\zx paying cY F?1icV)!jihl reserving sufficient to pay, all (urns of money as have been di- dwarfs the*rested by any former act or acts of parliament to be pdid out of said supply. the same, there shall and may in like manner be issued and ap-

pjied,a. further sum not exceeding one million six hundred and 0c thousand and seventy six pounds, five shillings, and one penny farthing, for and towards the said supply.

' V. And whereas it may happen, that there may be a tvant of mo* ney for carrying on the current service of the year one thousand seven hundred and fifty eighty before monies sufficient may have arisen into thj exchequer, from the said fur plusses, exceffcs, or overplus monies, commonly called The sinking fund, to satisfy and pay the said sum of one million six hundred and six thousand and seventy six pounds, five shillings, and one penny farthing, by this afi granted; in such In ca^ 6* case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said of ^ay^ocTafion* of his Majesty's treasury, or any three or more of them now ally borrow bciqg, or the high treasurer, or any three or more of the commoney cn the missioners of the treasury for the time being, by warrant or warrants under his or their hands, to permit and suffer any person or persons, or body of bodies, politick or corporate, to ad* vance and lend unto his Majesty, at the receipt of his exchequer, so much money, as, together with the monies then remaining in the said exchequer of the said surplusses, excesses, or overplus monies, shall be wanting to compleat the said sum of one million six hundred and six thousand and seventy six pounds, five shillings, and one penny farthing, upon credit of the growing produce of the said surplusses, excesses, or overplus monies; \

and to he rqpaid out of the same, as they shall quarterly afterwards arise, together with interest for the forbearance thereof ift the mean time; any thing herein before contained to the con^ar terest. ry notwithstanding.

VI. And whereas several bills commonly called exchequer bills, several ticket^commonly called Lottery tickets, several orders and certificates made forth in lieu of the said lottery tickets, find likavife Vol. XXII. A a for

|5f Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. jti

for annuities of divers kinds, payable at or near the raeeipt of his Majestfs exchequer (as also several receipts of the cashiers of toe governor and company of the bank of England, or same of them, for money contributed there for the purchase of annuities transferable is the books of the said governor and company, have by casually or wuf-chance been loft, burnt, or otherwise defrayed, which exchequer bids, lottery tickets, certificates, receipts y annuity orders, and other orders, of the respective denominations aforesaid, were made forth by and in pursuance of several acts of parliament in that behalf % be it there-Proper offi- fore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all cases where it ecr* to make shall appear by affidavit to be made, before any of the barons of the forth dupli- exchequer for the time being (who shall interrogate the deponent

c; uer biltrChC" t^ereuPon)to satisfaction of such baron or barons, that any

tickets* cer- such exchequer bills, or any such tickets, certificates, receipts, tificatei, re- annuity orders, or other orders, as aforesaid, before the first ccipts, an- day of August, one thousand seven hundred and fifty eight, hate dythe?eir* been, or are loft, burnt, or otherwise destroyed, or that there he ders, °in foiTofJS00* reaf°n° believe the same have been burnt, loft, or other-such'as shall wife destroyed; it shall and may be lawful for the respectiveof-anpear, upon ficers and persons appointed to issue or make forth such exche-amdavit be- qU*r bills9 tickets, certificates, receipts, annuity orders, or o-of The exche-8 t^lcr orders, or to pay or discharge the lame, or to issue any mo quer, to have nics due or payable thereupon, upon producing a certificate from been loft, any of the said barons of such affidavit made before him (which burnt, or de- affidavit the said barons, or any of them, is and are hereby au. ancTtopay the shorized to take, and which certificate he or they are hereby remonies due quired to make and grant without fee or reward) and on security thereon 5 given to the said respective officers and persons to their good thcpersonsm-ii^ to indemnify them respectively against all other period givtngpropcr* whatsoever, for or concerning the monies specified in, or due fecumv ofm-upon, such respective bill or bills, ticket or tickets, certificate demniffcation, or certificates, receipt or receipts, order or orders, they the said persons respectively, shall, and are Itereby required, to make forth duplicates of the said bills, tickets, certificates, receipts, and orders, at the request of the respective owners, and to pay and dif-< charge the same, and all such interest as is or shall be due on

any of them carrying interest, or to make forth stock or transferrable annuities in lieu of such receipts as he or they Should have paid or discharged, or made forth on the said original bills, tickets, certificates, receipts, annuity orders, or other orders, if the same had been produced, and shall be allowed all such payments, sum or sums of money, in their respective accounts; and in all cases where the signing of the commissioners of his Majesty's treasury, or the lord high treasurer of Great Britain for the time being, is necessary for making the said duplicates, or any of them, effectual for the purposes aforesaid; it is hereby Commission- further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the enofthetrea-said of of his Majesty's treasury, or any three or fury impower- more of them, or the lord high treasurer for the time being, to «d tofign such (ign such duplicates accordingly.

duplicates.

VII. And whereas by an act passed in the last session of parTta-

mat.

f 75?*T Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. g 555

tnent, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty several rates Recital of and duties upon indentures, leases, bends, and other deeds; and clauses in ad upon news papers, advertisements, and almanacks; and upon s° LrC0# licences for retailing wine; and upon coals exported to foreign parts; and for applying, from a certain time, the sums of money, arising from the surplusof the duties on licences for retailing spirituous liquors; and for raising the sum of three million's, by annuities, To be charged on the said rates, dusties, and sums of money; and for making perpetual an act made in the second year of the feign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the better regulation of: dtthrnirs and Jblicitors; and for enlarging the time fot filing affidavits of the execution of contracts of clerks to attornies and solicitors; and also the time for payment of the duties omttted to be paid for the indentures and contracts of clerks imd apprentices; it was among other things enacted, That from and after the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and fifty /even, no person whatsoever, unless authorized and enabled bjt taking out such licence as is therein prtkribtd', subject tt> the payment of such duties as are therein respectively charged thereupon, shouldfell or utter by retail (that is) by the pint, quarts pottle, or galion, or by any other greater Or kffer retail measure, or in bottles, in any left quantity than Should be equal to the measure of the cask or vessel hi tvbich the same Should have been, or might lawfully be imported, anj kind of wine or wines, or any liquor called dr reputed wine, upon pain to forfeit for every such offence, the sum of one hundred poundst and whereas great frauds might easily be praftifei in case the retaileri erf certain liquors ma > in this kingdom, commonly called Sweets, or Made Wines, Should not be equally with the retailers of other kinds of wine, obliged to take out such licences as aforesaid, for retailing ovine, be it therefore enacted by the authority aforesaid, That.ai er^C from and after the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hun- Sweets^or dred and fifty eight, no person whatsoever, unless he be autho- Made Wine*, rized and enabled by having taken out such licence as by the said to tike out a ad is prescribed, subject to the payment of such duties as are therein respectively charged upon / such licences to fell wine by retail, shall fell or utter by any retail measure, of in bottles, in uny quantity less than twenty five galions, any kind of liquor made in Great Britain, by infiifion, fermentation, or others wile, from foreign fruit or sugar, or from Britislo fruit or sugar, or from fruit or sugar mixed with any other ingredients, commonly called Sweets, or Made Wines; or any kind of liquof made in Great Britain, and known by the name of Sweets, of Made Wines, of whatsoever materials, or in whatsoever man- tool, pcdalff ner, the same may be made, upon pain to forfeit for every such offence, one hundred pounds; to be recovered and applied in.wit+KMrtli-such manner, as the penalties for felling wine by retail, without cence» Ccence, are by the said act to be recovered and applied.

356

Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 32. [1758.

CAP. XXXII.

An act for repealing the duty granted by an all made in the Jbeth year of the reign of his late, on

made, wrought, touched, afor in Great Britain; and for granting a duty on, to be taken out by all persons dealing in gold or; and for discontinuing all drawbacks upon Jtlver plate; and for more effectually preventing frauds and abufts in 1 the marking or stamping of gold or Jtlver plate.

Preamble, re-citing clauses in ad 6 Geo. i.

WHEREAS by an act of parliament made in the sixth year of the reign of his late Majesty, intituled An act for laying a duty upon wrought plate; and for applying money arising for the clear produce (by sale of the forfeited estates) towards answering his Majesty's supply; and for taking off the drawbacks upon hops exported for Ireland; and for payment of annuities to be purchaseq after the rate of four pounds per centum per an-numy at the exchequer, redeemable by parliament; and for appropriating supplies granted in this session of parliament; and to prevent counterfeiting receipts and warrants of the officers of the South Sea company; and for explaining a late ad concerning foreign salt, cellared and locked up, before the four and twentieth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and nineteen; and to give a further time for paying duties on certain apprentices indentures; and for relief of Thomas Vernon esquire, in relation to a parcel of senna imported in the year one thousand seven hundred and sixteen; it was among/} other things enacted, That there Should be raised, leviedy colit ftedy answeredy and paid unto, and for the use of his Majesty, his heirs, and successeriy for ever {subject nevertheufs to such redemption as in and by the said act was afterwards provided in that behalf) for and upon all fiber plate which Should be made or wrought in Great Britain, or at any time or times from and after the first day of June, one thousand seven hundred and twenty, Should or ought to be touchedy affajedy er tnarkedy in Great Britain, as is before in the said act mentioned, a duty-after the rate of six pence for every ounce troyf and proportionally for any greater or UJfcr quantity, to be paid by the makers cr workers thereof respectively; and divers provisions and dire ft ions are contained in the said act for and in relation to the managing, securing, ascertaining, collecting, recovering, levying, and paying, the said duty for the uses and purposes therein mentioned: and whereas the methods prescribea for ascertaining and colie ft ing the said duty, and for preventing frauds therein, have been found mffeftual to secure the payment thereof \ and the said duty hath, by reason of various frauds and evafionsy for same years pafi greatly decreafedy and is nm insufficient to dnfwer the purposes for which the same was granted; we, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subject, the commons of Great Britain in parliament assembled, think it will be for the advantage of the publick to repeal the said duty, and in

1758.] Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 32; 357

lieu thereof, to grant unto your Majesty the duty upon licences herein after mentioned: and thefeforp, do most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the ICing's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the first day of June, one thousand seven Former duty hundred and fifty eight, the said duty granted by the said act on olatere-made in the sixth year of his late Majesty's reign, of six pence*per ounce troy, for and upon all silver plate made or wrought in Great Britain, or which ought to be touched, assayed, or marked, in Great Britain, shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid or payable; and, that then and from thenceforth all the and all poweiv, powers and authorities given and granted, and the rules and re- Scc. relating gulations established and prescribed by the said recited.act, or by thereto* any other act or acts of parliament, for or in relation to the managing, securing, ascertaining, collecting, recovering, levying, and paying, the said duty, and all penalties and forfeitures in respect thereof, shall also cease, determine, and be no longer except with put in execution, save only and except in all cases relating to the respect to the recovering any arrears which may at that time remain unpaid of recovery of the said duty, or to any penalty or forfeiture which shall have been incurred upon or at any time before the said first day of ^n-cd before June, one thousand seven hundred and fifty eight; any thing 1 June, 1758. herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Duty on H-Ux lieu of the said duty by this act repealed, there shall, from cencesgranted and after the fifth day of July> one thousand seven hundred and hi lieu thereof, fifty eight, be paid unto his Majesty, his heirs and successors, a

duty of forty shillings for every licence to be taken out in manner herein after mentioned, by each person trading in, felling, or vending gold or silver plate.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Xradertin from and after the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and venders and fifty eight, no person or persons whatsoever, who now, or of, plate, to at any time or times hereafter, doth or shall trade in, vend, or take ou* fuel1 fell, any gold or silver plate, shall presume by him, her, or them- hccuccsi selyes, or by any other person or persons whatsoever, employed by him, her, or them, for his, her, or their benefit, either publicity or privately to trade in, vend, or fell, any gold or silver plate, without first taking out a licence for that purpose, in manner hereafter mentioned, before he, she, or they, shall trade in, vend, or fell, any such gold or silver plate, for which he, she, or /

they shall immediately, upon taking out thereof, pay down for such licence, the fupn of forty shillings, in manner following; that is to say. If such licences be taken out in London, Westmin-fiery or in any other parts within the limits or jurisdiction of the JJf chief jehief office'Ot excisein London, then such licences (Kail be grant- office of ex-ed under the hands and seals of two or more of his Majesty's ciiemLondon, of for the duty of excise for the time being; and the° graf"ft5d <Juty for the same shall be paid at the chief office q? excise in comm?ffion-C

A ? 3 en>

358 Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. ^2. [1758.

duty to be paid London, pr at any other place, and to such person or persons ax there. &c. the said of for the time being shall appoint to deliver inotl er pla: e$ out such licences, and to receive the said duty; but if stich ii-to be grained cences shall be taken out without the limits aforesaid* then such by the collec licences shall be granted under the hands and seals of the several vilbnTof cxdfc c°Nc#ors and supervisors of excise within their respective collector the district, tiens and districts, and the duty for the same shall be paid by and the duty all and every the persans so taking out £uch licences at the office to be paid at of excise next adjoining to the place where they respectively rc-r t enexto ce. Qr or ataily other place, and to such persons a$hi$

Majesty*9 commissioners of excise for the time being shall ap-Licenceswith- P°*nt to deliver out such licences, and to receive the said duty; in the limits*andn case such licences he taken out within the limits of the of the city of city of Edinburgh, such licences shall be granted under the bands Edinburgh, to and seals of two or more of his Majesty's commissioners of excise in Scotland for the time being; and the duties for the same oners of eTcife be paid at the chief office of excise in Edinburgh, in the in Scotland, same manner as is herein before directed in regard to the licen-and the duty ces to be taken out in London, Westminster, or in any other parts the^h^f* f* the limits or jurisdiction of the chief office of excise in

fice of excise ^on^on $ but if such licences shall be taken, out in any other part there: of Scotland, without the limits aforesaid, then such licence* shall

in other places be granted under the hands and seals of the fovend collectors in Scotland, to and fuporvifors of excise in Scotland, within their respective col- the colicftors^e<^lons a°d districts; and the duties for the same shall be paid and supervi-n manner as is herein before directed with regard to the li-fors of excise cences to be taken out in England, without the limits or juris-for the di- diction of the chief office of excise in London \ and such respectftnft, and the tjvc commissioners of excise, and the persons appointed by them paid It the respectively, and also all such collectors and supervisors, areext office, hereby respectively authorized and required to grant and deliver Licences to be such licences to all persons applying for the same, upon their granted to all payment of forty shillings for each licence, inginponPpay- And be further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

inf the duty That every person or persons who shall take out any such licence of 40 s. as aforesaid, is and are hereby required to take out a fresh licence Freffi licence ten days at lead before the expiration of twelvexalendar months ouund^renew a^tcr ta^inS out the soft licence, before he, she, or they do ed every year', presume to trade in, vend, or fell, any gold or silver plate, and k9it) the same manner to renew every such licence from year to

year, paying down the like (um of forty shillings for each and every new or renewed licence, at the places and ?it the times before mentioned; and if any person or persons shall, after the said fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and fifty eight, presume, or offer to trade in, vend, or fell, any gold, or fuvef plate, without first taking out such licence, and renewing the t>n penalty of fame-yearly, in manner aforesaid, he, she, or they shall respectforfeiting*2ol. tively forfeit and lose the sum of twenty pounds for each offence.

Duty remitted V. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the autho-on plate un. rity aforesaid, That from and after the said first day of Junt* tiniflied an4'

1758.] Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 32. 359

one thousand seven hundred and fifty eight, noduty shall be paid not fit for use for, or in respect of, any quantity of silver plate which hath before 1 Jun?# been, or shall be, entered upon the books of the excise officers, 175 and which shall not be finished and fit for use before the said first day of June\ hut that the persons in whose names such entries are or shall be made, shall be exonerated from all duty upon such plate, or so much thereof, as they shall produce to the officer? of excise, after the said day, unfiniffied, and not fit for use.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Persons deem-ffll persons using the trade of felling or vending gold or silver ed traders m, plate, or any goods or wares composed of gold or silver, or any pUtcfwkh-good? or wares in which any gold or silver is or shall be manu-in the act, and fa<ftured; and also all persons employed to fell any gold or silver liable to take plate, or any such goods or wares aforesaid, at any audlion orout licences, publick sale, or by commission, shall respectively be deemed traders in, fellers or venders of gold or silver plate, within the intent and meaning of this act, and shall take out a licence for the same.

VII. Provided always, That persons in partnership, and car- in copartner* rying on their trade or business in one house, (hop, or tenement ships, where only, shall not be obliged to take out more than one licence iit Is carri-gny one year* for the carrying on such trade or business; and

that no licence for trading in, felling, or vending, gold or silver one licence is plate, shall authorize and impower any person or persons to sufficient. whom the lame may he granted, and who shall fell such gold Licence to or silver plate in (hops, to trade in, fell, or vend, such gold or h^fe &c. on-silver plate, in any other (hop or place, except in such houses or iy for which places thereunto belonging, wherein he, she, or they, shall in-it was grant-habit and dwell, at the time of granting such licence, or in booths cd-pr flails at fairs or markets.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Duties to be That from and after the said fifth day of July, one thousand paid over into seven hundred and fifty eight, all the money arising by the said the exche-duty on licences (the necessary charges of raising and acP0Unt*ng^er, a^p^gr for the same excepted) shall, from time to time, be paid into branches°of the receipt of his Majesty's exchequer at Westminster, separate the publick and apart from all other branches of the publick revenues; and revenues, and are hereby appropriated, and shall be applied to the same ufest0 applied and purposes, and in such manner, as the said duty hereby re- ^ga9 pealed is, by the said a St made in the sixth year of his late Ma- duty on plat$* jesty's reign, appropriated unto and directed to be applied, fab-

jest to such redemption as is mentioned in the said act with respect to the said duty; and if any surplus shall remain of the Surplus mo-produce of the said duty hereby granted, after such uses and}ics to he re-purposes are answered and satisfied, or money sufficient shall be reserved for that purpose, such surplus shall be reserved for the t\on of future diposition of parliament. liament.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, x0 drawback That no drawback whatsoever shall be allowed or paid, upon, to be allowed for, or in respect of the exportation of any silver plate which on exportati-

A a 4. shall on of plate.

'360 Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 32! [175

(hill have been, or shall be* imported into* or made* wrought or manufactured, in this kingdom, either before, on, or after the said first day of June, one thousand fevert hundred and fifty eight* and which shall be entered for exportation after the said first day of June, one thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight; any former adk or i&s of parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

Traders, kc. X. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the author-in goldorfil- rity aforesaid* That this act shall not extend to subject any perr verlace, fii- son or persons to any penalty or forfeiture, for* or in respect jof, thread', or h*s> h1* or their trading in*Xelltog, -or vending, t gold or fihrer fringe/not lace* or gold otrfilyer wire* thread* or fringe, without taking out obliged totake such licence as'^fyresaid; nor to repeal or alter, any drawbacks out licences. or allowances now payable upon the^ exportation of any such lace* wire, thread* or fringe; any thing herein before contained $o the contrary notwithstanding. profecntioHi XJ* Andki be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid* for recovery That all prosecutions for the recovery of penalties and forfei-of penalties tures, incurred for offences committed against this a#, shall and may be heard*, adjudged, and determined* either by bill, plaint* or information, in any of his Majesty's courts of record at Westminster, or in the court of Exchequer in Scotland* if such penalty or forfeiture shall be incurred there, or in such manner and form

if incurred as hpreafter is directed; that is to say* All prosecutions for re-within the covery of penalties and forfeitures, incurred for offences com-of thCr against this act, within the limits or jurisdiction of the

eprif^ofLm- c^ie^ °cc of excise in London, shall and may be heard, addon, to be judged* and determined, by any three or more of the cooimifii-heard and de* oners of pxcise in England for the time being; and in case of ter mined by appeal from the judgement of the said of (and not commURon- ot^erwife) shall be heard, adjudged, and determined, by the ers, of for appeals for the time being, or the major part

and in cases of of them, whose judgement therein shall be final; and all profc-appeals, by cutions for recovery of penalties and forfeitures, incuiTed for of-one«°Sr'ap- ^ences committed \yithin all or any other the counties, shires* peals. P stewartries* cities, towns* or places* within the kingdom of Great Prosecutions Britain? shall and may be heard, adjudged, and determined* by within other any two or more of the justices of the peace residing near to the pkces^be P*ace w^re offence shall he committed; and if either the heard'and de- informer* or defendants shall think themselves aggrieved by the termined by judgement given by such justices* it shall and may be lawful for two justices every such informer or defendant* to appeal to the justices of the afd " P*06 at ^ie quarter session to beholden in and for the

eh/^cesjfe ^unty, Shire, stewartry, city* town* or place, where the penalty their quarter or forfeiture shall bq.incurf^d* who are hereby authorized and feflioH. impowered tabear* adjudge, and determine the same, and whose Commission- judgement therein shall be filial 5 and the said of ersand justices forexcise, apd of for appeals (in case of appeal) and impowered to all justfees of the peace aforesaid, respectively, are hereby au-summonof- tfiorized and required* upon complaint or information}* upon fendqqtba. exhibited qnd brought before them respectively, as aforesaid*

1758.] Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 32; 361

A id, of the commission of any offence against thitf ad (which oath the said of, and justices of the peace respectively, are hereby authorised to administer) to summon the party or parties accused; and upon the appearance or contempt of any and upon their person or persons so summoned, to proceed to the examination appearance, of the matter of fa ft; and upon due proof made thereof, either pr^dPti by the voluntary confession of the person or persons so summon*- the examina-ea, or by the oath of one or more credible witness or witnesses tien of the (which oath they the said of and justices reflectively matter of fad, nave hereby power to administer) to give judgement or sentence judgment, thereupon, and to award and issue out warrants under theirJ

hands respectively, for the levying of such penalties or forfei- award tures upon the goods and chattds of such person or persons, ^ the Suroo $ and to cause sale to be made of such goods and chattels; if they shall not he redeemed within fourteen days; rendering to such and for want person or persons the overplus (if any be) and for want of fuf- ofdistress, ficient distress, to Imprison the party or parties offending, till to commit the satisfaction be made. party.

XII. And it is hereby further enacted, That all penalties and Application of forfeitures which shall be recovered, for any offences committed the j^naltics against this act (all necessary charges for the recovery thereof andfoifei' being first deduced) shall be distributed, one moiety thereof for ur

the use of his Majesty, his heirs, and successors, and the other moiety thereof to him, her, or them, who shall inform or foe for the same.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Limitation of That if any action or soit shall be commenced against any per- a^lons*

son or persons, for any thing done in pursuance of this act, in that part of Great Britain called England, the defendant or defendants in any such action or suit, may plead the general issue. General issue. and give the special matter in evidence, at any trial to be hid thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the authority of this act; and if it shall appear so to have been clone, the jury shall find* for the defendant or defendants; and if the plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his altion, after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared; or' if judgement shall be given upon any verdict or demurrer against the plaintiff, the defendant or aefeddants shall and nrfay recover treble Treble ceils, costs, and have the like remedy for the same, as any defendant or defendants hath or have in Other cases by law1; and if such Defendants altion or suit shall be commenced or prosecuted in that p^rt of plea in action Great Britain called Scotland, the court before whom such altion brought in or suit shall be brought, shall allow the defendant to plead thisScot and' alt on his defence; and if the pursuer not insist on hiSj^cndant altion; or if judgement shall be given againfr such purfocr, thecovcringf ti/ defender shall and may recover the full and real expences he lowed his ex-jjnay have been put to by any such altion or suit; pence*.

XIV. And whereas by a clause in an act of parliament made in the Recital of twelfth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for the clause in aft better preventing frauds and abulos in goM and silver wares; Geo. fOery person who Should cast, forge, or counterfeit, any of the marks

or

Li

362 Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 32. [1758.

or stamps of thegoldfmtibs company London, or any of the marts or Jlaxnps appointed to be used for marking wrought plate at York, filter, Bristol, Chester, Norwich, at Newcastle upon Tyne, or any mark, stamp, or imprtfJionr to referable any mart, stamp, or int-preffam, to be made with any mark or Jfamp to be used by the said: company in London, or by the wardens or assayers at any of the other places aforesaid, in pursuance of the said act, or any other acts of parliament then in force; or mark or stamp with any such counterfeit.mark or stamp, any wrought plate of gold or ftlver, or any wares of brafsy or other base metal, fivered or gilt over, and resembling plat* of gold or fiher; or transpost or remove from one piece of wrought plate to another, or to any vessel of such base metal, anje*f the marks, stamps, or impressiont* made, or to be mack, with any of the marks or stamps of the said company, or of the said wardens or assayers, used, or to be used, in pursuance of the said or any other ait then enforce^ or cause to procure any of tie fend offences to be committed, or Jelly exchange, or expose to foie, any manufacture of gold, orftlver, or export the same with any such forged, counterfeit, or transposed mark, stamp, hr impressnn, knowing the same to be forged, counterfeited, or; transposed, was made liable, for every offence, to the forfeiture oft one hundred pounds; and for default of payment, to imprisonment, in manner therein mentioned: and whereas, notwithstanding the penalty er punishment inflated by the said dause, great quantities of gold and ftlver plate of a base and inferior standard, with such for* ged, counterfeit, or transposed marks, stamps, and impressions, arm now frequently vended in this kingdom, and dlfo exported to foreign parts \ and it is necessary that all persons guilty of such practices far the future, fbxdd he subjected to exemplary pmishment, in order to deter, as far as may be, the commissum of offences, mamftftly tending to the detriment of the fair trader, and the diminution of the wealth. The recited the credit, and the commerce of this kingdom; be it therefore en-dause repeal- acted by the authority aforesaid, That the said dause shall, from and after the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hundred and fifty eight, be, and is hereby repealed.

Penalty of

XV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Gorging or That if any person whatsoever, from and after the said fifth day ^elUmpufed 7ufy> thousand seven hundred and fifty eight, shall cast, for marking forge, or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be cast, forged, or plate, in pur- counterfeited, any mark or stamp used, or to be used for mak-fuaP^c of the ing gold or fdver plate in pursuance of the said act, or of any ot*lcr a(^or su^s parliament now in force, by the company of tcc. by the goldsmiths in London, or by the wardens, or aifayer or afiayera,

goldsmiths at York, Exeter, Bristol, Chester, Norwich, or Newcastle upon Tyne, company, See. or by any maker or worker of gold or (Over plate, or any or either of them; or shall cast, forge, or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be cast, forged, or counterfeited, any mark, stamp* or impression, in imitation of, or to resemble any mark, stamp* or impression, made, or to be made, with any mark or stamp, used, or to be used, as aforesaid, by the said company of goldsmiths in London, or by the said wardens, or assayer or assayers, or by any maker or worker of gold or silver plate, or any os

1758.] Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 3J.

either of them; or shall mark or damp, or cause or procure ft? or of marking be marked or damped, any wrought plate of gold or silver, or pbje. Ire. with any wares of brass, or other base metal, silvered or gilt over, and counterfeited resembling plate of gold or diver, with any mark or damp which stamp; hath been or shall be forged or counterfeited, at any time either before, on, or after, the said fifth day of Jufy, in imitation of, or to resemble, any mark or stamp used, or to be ifed, as aforesaid, by the said company of goldsmiths in London, or by the said wardens, or assayer or assayers, or by any maker or worker of gold or silver plate, or any or either of them; or shall trans- or of trans-pole or remove, or cause or procure to be transposed or remov- ^j2imC refed, from one piece of wrought plate to another, or to any vessel ^dVroin one of such base metal, as aforesaid, any mark, stamp, or impressi- vessel to ano-on, made, or to be made, by or with any mark or stamp used, then or to be used, as aforesaid, by the said company of goldsmiths, in London, or by the said wardens, or assayer or assayers, or by any maker or worker of gold'or silver plate, or any or either of them; or shall fell, exchange, or expose to sale, or export out or of felling or of this kingdom, any wrought plate of gold or silver, or any exporting vessel of such base metal, as aforesaid, with any such forged or ^le^coun* counterfeit mark, stamp, or impression, thereon, or any mark, terfeitor stamp, or impression, which hath been or shall be transposed or transposed removed from any other piece of plate, at any time either be- mark* fore, on, or after, the said fifth day of Jafy9 knowing such mark, stamp, or impression, to be forgea, counterfeited, or transposed, or removed, as aforesaid; or shall wilfully and knowingly have, or be possessed of, any mark or (lamp which hath been or shall or of having be forged or counterfeited, at any time, either before, on, of r4£lJL(tamP after, the said fifth day of July9 in imitation of, or to resemble, in p0 c ion; any mark or stamp used, or to be used, as aforesaid, by the said company of goldftniths in London, or by the said wardens, or assayer or assayers, or by any maker or worker of gold or silver plate, or any or either of them; every such person offending is felony, in any, each, or either of the cases aforesaid, being thereof law- without bene-fully convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of felony, and shall fuft clcrsy-fer death as a felon, without benefit or clergy.

CAP. XXXIII.

An act for enabling his Majesty to raise the sum of eight hundred thousand pounds, for the uses and purposes therein mentioned; and for further appropriating the supplies granted in this session of parliament.

[Preamble.]

800, ooool. granted to his Majesty. His Majesty, by warrant Under his royal sign manual, may, at any time before 5 Jan. 1759, author rise the commifliuiers of the treasury to raise the said sum, either ay loans,

Or exchequer bills; in the same manner as is prescribed, concerning loam or exchequer bills, by the malt act of this section. All c1aufe3, provisoes, and powers, &c. in the said acterdating to loans.and exchequer bills, extended to this act. Exception. The money so raised, to be repaid out of the first supplies; and if none befgranted before 5 July 175$, then to be paid out of the sinking fund j and the monies to be issued thereout ao cordingly. Monies issued out of the sinking fund, to be replaced out of the fine supplies. Monies - arising into the exchequer by the malt aft, land tax, annuity and lottery aft; and alfe the sum of 300*000l., granted oat of the sinking fund, by an act of this session, and 93, 371k 1 is. 7d. 3a. Surplus remaining, in the exchequer of the product of the sinking fund,

«, T foe

Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 33.' [1758.

for the quarter ended 10 October 1757; and 493, 4.001. Ss. 3d. surplus of the produce of the said fund, on 5 April, 17585 and 1, 606, 076l. 5s* id. iq. directed to be issued out of the surplusses of the said fund; and 8oo, ooool. by this act granted are appropriated in general; viz. out of all, or any the said supplies, any sum not exceeding 3, 544, 43d. cs. 8d. for naval services herein erfpressed 5 300, 000l. towards paying off the debt of the navy; 10, 000l. towards building the hospital for sick and wounded near Gosport. 10, 000l. towards building the hospital for sick and wdunded near Plymouth. 10, 000l. upon account, towards the support of Greenwich hospital; 391, 8071.7s. 3d. forcharge of the office of ordnance for land service; 4, 032, 77*1. 3s. 9d. iq. for land forces, See. in general; viz.>*53>36*1.8s. 6d. thereof, for charge of guards, garrisons, and land for* c$s in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey; 37, 45*1. 3s. 4d. for pay of the general, and general staff officers, &c.^6*3, 7041. osd. for the forcqs and garrisons in the plantations and Gibraltar; and provisions for the garrisons in Nova Scotia, Newfoundland, Gibraltar, and Providence 4 43, 9681.48.d. for the four regiments of foot on the Irish eft abli foment serving in North America, and the East Indies; 35, 60*1. to the reduced officers of the land forces and marines; 3, 0981. 17s. nd. allowance to the officers and private gentlemen of the two troops of horse guards/ and regiment of horse reduced, and foperanmiated gentlemen of the four troops of horse guards.;,*61. for pay of widows pensions; 26, 0001. upon acr count, for out-pensionertof Chelsea hospital; 145, 454l. 15s. iq. for extraordinary expences of the land forces, and other services incurred in 1757, not provided for; 38, 360l. 19^. lod. 3a. for troops of the landgrave of Hesse Cassel, in the pay of Great Britain, from5 Dec. 17575 to xa Feb. 1758; together with the subsidy for the said time, pursuant to treaty3 .38, 3601. 19s. iod>q.r for defraying the charge of the said troops, and.payment of like subsidy, from 23 Feb. 1758, to3 April following, ' 165.1751- 4s. iod;q, for defraying the remaining charge of tht fold troops and subsidy, from5 Dec. 1757* to 24 Dec. 1758, metafile?: xoo, ooool. upon account, towards subsisting and keeping together the armies formed laftyearin his Majesty's electoral dominions, employed in concertwith the King of Prussia; 463, 0841.6s. lod. for the troops of Hanover, 'W°lfenbuttle, $axe («otjia> an(jcolint of Buckkeburgh, employed inconcert with the King of Prussia; from 18 Nov. 1757, to4 Dec. 1758, inclusivef to be issued in advance every two months; and Hie troops to be suffered by an Englifo coromissary, &c. 386, 915l. 13s.d. in full for^efraying all extraordinary charges and contingencies of his Majesty's amiy employed in concert with the King of Pnffia, from 18 Nov. 1757* to 24 Pec. 1758, inclusive; the said sum to beiffutd as the pay of the said troops; 670, 000l. to the King of Prussia pursuant to treaty, 8oo, ooool. to discharge the like sum raised in pursuance of an act of the last session, and charged upon the first aids 5 8oo, ooool. upon account to his Majesty, to defray extraordinary expences of the war, Sec. 9, 90*1. 5s. upon account, for supporting the colony of Nova Scotia; 6, 6*61. 9s. 9d. xq. upon account, for defraying the charges incurred by fnpporring the said colony in 1756, not provided for;, 3*5571.10s. for defraying the charges of the civil elta-blishment, See. of the colony of Georgia, from4 June, 1757* tp4 June758; 31,000l. to make good the like sum issued by his Majesty's orders, pursuant to an address of the house; 40, 000l. to the Foundling hospital 5 to be paid without any fee or deduction?84, 80*!. is. 3q. to make good the deficiency of the grants for the year 1757 5 151000l. towards*rebuilding London bridge; ioo, ooool. upon account, for pay and cloathing for the militia for 1758, and expences incurred in 1757; io.ooool. towards fortifying the harbour of Milford 37, 3801.19s, 1 id.q. for reimbursing to the province of Massachuset's bay, the expences in furnishing provisions and stores to the troops raised there in 1756; 13, 736k 179. 7d. for reimbursing to the colony of Connecticut, their expences in fumtfoing provisions aha stores to the troops raised there in 1756;o, ooool. upon account, to the East India company, towards defraying the expence of a military force there; 4, 000l. for impairing the church of St. Margaret, Westminsters io, o©ol. for supporting the British forts on the coast of Africa. Xbe said .{applies to be applied as herein directed, and not otherwift. Regulations

Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 34. 365

to be observed in the application of the half pay. Act 30 Geo. a. Surplus of the half pay aiifing from the last year s grants, to be disposed of to such officers, widows, or children, as his Majesty shall judge to be proper objects of charity.

CAP. XXXIV.

An act for enlarging the times for tb$ first meetings of of or trustees > for putting in execution certain alls of this session of parliament % and for other purposes therein mentioned.

WHEREAS by several acts of tbispresentfession of parliament, preamM* the first meeting of the of or trustees for putting such acts, or any part or parts thereof in execution, bath been or may be appointed or directed to be held before or upon the day of passing of such acts respectively, whereby several doubts and difficulties may arise with respect to the due execution of the said acts; be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords. spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That in case any a of parliament hath where tIie pafsect, or doth or shall pass, at anytime whatsoever, during this meeting present session of parliament, upon or after the day specified in ofcommission-any such act, for the first meeting of the of or rruf-ers or trusteet tees appointed to put the same, or any part thereof, in execution, jj1*11 ^Yed* In each and every such case, such of or trustees re- or before the* lpectively, or the same number of such respective of day the a a* or trusteesvas is or shall be authorized to hold such first meeting, appointing die or any greater number of them, shall and may hold their first

meeting upon the fourteenth day after the passing of this act, at meeting (pch places as were respectively appointed in such atfts for holding is to be held the first meetings on the days therein specified; and all fuen °n the 14th of or trustees, or any number of them as aforesaid, da£afte^.h? being so assembled respectively on the said fourteenth day after 11

the passing of this act, shall and may proceed to the execution of such acts respectively; and then, and from time to time afterwards, adjourn, and do and perform all such matters and things, and execute all the powers and authorities granted to them in the said acts respectively, in the same manner, and as fully and effectually to all intents and purposes, as if such of or trustees had been assembled in pursuance of, and on the re-fspective days specified or appointed in such acts, for holding the first meeting of said Commissioners or trustees \ any thing' therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And whereas several acts of parliament have been made for amending and keeping in repair divers roads in Great Britain; and whereas it may have happened that a Efficient number of the trustees or of for putting such respective acts in execution, have neglected to meet at such times and places, as were appointed or directed in pursuance of the said several aCJs9 and that adjournments may not have been made to meet at any future time: and whereas the clerks or

other

66 Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. 0, 34, [1758.

ertfr officers to the said trustees or cotomiffiotters, when proper adjournments have not been made> may have neglefledy or omitted to give J'uch proper notices, as the said respective acts have required to be made or given, of the next meeting of the said trustees or of, notwithstanding which neglects or omissions, the said trustees or of, have met and proceeded to put in execution the said several alts aforesaid: and whereas doubts have arisen, 'or may arise, with regard to the validity of the proceedings of the said trustees or commissionersy who have met and acted in the execution of the said several acts, notwithstanding such omissions or neglects had happened: for obviating whereof \ be it farther enacted by the authority afore* tec* tbr re"air That where ever it has happened that any such trustees or

ing5 pTrtfcutar' Commissioners as aforesaid, at anytime before the passing of this roads shall act, have neghedted to meet and adjourn, according to the direct have neglected tien of the said respective acts, or their clerks or officers shall to meet and ), avc neglected to give such notice of any future meeting, as by their clerks to the respective acts is directed; such oraiffioti or neglect of give notice of the said trustees and commissioners* or of their clerks or other any future officers, shall not in any manner defeat, invalidate, or make meeting, as void, any act, matter, or thing, already done by any of the said aasTdirect-VC tru^ees or of, in pursuance of the said acts of par-the validity of liament, or any of them, but that every such gdi, matter, or the proceed- thing, shall be good, valid, and effiedtual in the law, to all intents ingsof the said amj purposes, and (h«U be so adjudged and taken, notwithstand-to^e^seated*n2 an7 want adjurntnent, or proper notice as aforesaid; thereby. any law or usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwith-When a suffi- (landing: and when it shall hereafter happen that a fufli-

cient number c*ient number of trustees or of, do not meet to put maU m^meet ^a, (* ^evera^ a<^s execution, that then the clerk or other to act, clerk, officer of the said trustees or of, may and shall, at within 10 days any time within the space of ten days after such omission or negator to ap- le# of the said trustees to meet as aforesaid, appoint such trustees tbne^nd^lace or comm*oners> to meet at the hoitfe or place where the then for their next* kft meeting was appointed to be held, on the day three Weeks meeting; after the date of such notice; and in case such desk or other and on the officer, shall refuse or neglect to give such notice, for the space clerks neglect of ten jayS> that then it shall and may be lawful for any three give*such no- or more of the said trustees or of, appointed by ths Ice, 3 trustees said respective acts, at any time within the space of ten days af-nny appoint ter such neglect: or refusal of the clerk or other officer, to appoint such meeting; such trustees or of, to meet at the house or place fixedoVfocb where the then last meeting was appointed to be held, place* as the on the day three weeks after the date of such notice; which said respective acts respective notices in writing shall be affixed on such places as the direct. said several acts respectively diredfc, and the same shall be deemed

and taken to be sufficient notice; any law or usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

1758.I Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 35. 367

CAP. XXXV.

An act to continue several laws therein mentioned* for granting a liberty to carry sugars of the growth, produce* or mamtfafhert* of any of his Majesty's sugar rfl/tf/Mdfiii America, from the said colonies directly into foreign parts* in ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to law* far the preventing the committing of frauds by bankrupts*for giving further encouragement for the importation of naval fores from the British colonies in America and far preventing frauds and abuses in the ad-1weojuytmnt of coals in the city and liberty of Westminster; and for preventing the stealing or defraying of madder roots.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS the laws herein after mentioned* which have

by experience been found useful and beneficial* ore near expiring; mqy it therefore please your most excellent Majesty* that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this prefjent parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That an act made in the twelfth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for granting a liberty to carry sugars of the growth* produce, or ma- Act* Geo. ^nu/ofiurf of any of his Majesty's sugar colonies in America, from whl£h the said colonies directly to foreign parts* in ftps built in Great Bri- several subsel tain, and navigated according to low* which was to continue in quest acts, force for five years, from the twenty ninth day of September one thousand seven hundred and thirty nine, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament* and which by several acts made in the seventeenth and twenty fourth years of the jreign of his present Majesty, was further continued until the first day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, and - from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament;

shall be, and the same is hereby further continued from the ex- further conti-piration thereof, until the twenty ninth day of September one°6a9 thousand seven hundred and sixty four, and from thence to the p17 end of the then next session of parliament.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Act 5 Geo 1. -an act made in the fifth year of the feign of his present Majesty, which was con-intituled An act to prevent the committing of frauds by bankrupts*£

which was to continue in force for three years, from the twenty vc'ai subsc-fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirty two, qUCnt acts, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; and which by several subsequentads made in the ninth and sixteenth years of the reign of his present Majesty*. was further continued until the twenty ninth day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty; and which by another act made in the twenty fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, was

a-

368 Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c.fg» [1758.

amended and further continued to the first day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty Seven, and from thence to the

further conti- en<* t^lcn nex* ^con parliament; shall be, and the

nued to9 sames hereby further continued from the expiration thereof. Sept. 1764. until the twenty ninth day of September one thousand seven hundred and Sixty four; and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

Part of the act And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That of s Geo. 1. So much of an act made in the eighth year of the reign of his late relating to the majesty King George the first, intituled An act for giving further ©? wo^firn encouragement of the importation of navalfores; and for other purposes bcr7 and )um- therein mentionea; as relates to the importation of wood and be/, from A- timber, and of the goods commonly called lumber, therein par-nuarica, ticularly enumerated, from any of his Majesty's British plantations or colonies in America, free from all customs and impositions whatsoever, which was to be in force for twenty one years, from the twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and twenty two; and which by several subsequent acts made in the sixteenth and twenty fourth years of the feign of his present Majesty, was further continued until the first day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; shall be, and Sftr* t*lc*mc '8 hereby further continued from the expiration thereof, ept. 1764! untilhe twenty ninth day of September one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That an act made in the nineteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act more effectually to prevent the frauds and abtifes committed in the admeasurement of coals within the city and liberty of Westminster, and several parishts near thereunto; which was to continue in force from the twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and forty six, for the term of three years, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; and which by two subsequent acts, one of the twenty third, and the other of the twenty fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, was further continued until the first day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; shall, and the same is hereby further continued from the expiration thereof, until the twenty fourth day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifty nine.

V. And whereas the growth and cultivation of madder is of great consequence to the trade and manufactures of this kingdom: therefore* for preventing the (leading or defraying of madder roots; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any person or per*

vifted of Seal-orxs ^a^ an<* ta^c away* or wilfully and maliciously pull ingor destroyl UP>or destroy, any madder roots growing or being in any lands ing madder or grounds belonging to any person or persons, and shall be root*, thereof convicted before any justice or justices of the peaceof the

county, town* or place, where the offence shall be committed,

either

Act 19 Geo. ft. which was continued by several lubfe-quest acts.

further conti. nued to 14 June, 1759.

1758.] Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 36. 369

either by confession of the party offending, or by the oath of <jr*> the any credible witness or witnesses (which oath such justice or to mak^fatic-justices is and are hereby authorized and impowered to admini- fa&\on for the iter) every person so offending, and being convicted of such damage; offence in manner herein before mentioned, shall, for the first offence, give and pay to the owner or owners of the madder roots so stolen, pulled up, or destroyed, such satisfaction for his or their damage thereby sustained, and within such time, as the said justice or justices shall appoint; and shall over and above and pay to the pay down upon such conviction unto theoverseers of the poor fencers of of the parish where the offence or offences was or were committed, ^a for the use of the said poor, such sum of money, not exceeding since ot ex. ten shillings, as to the said justice or justices shall seem meet; andceeding 10s. if any such offender or offenders shall not make such recompence or.be com-or satisfaction to the said owner or owners, and also pay such sum to the use of the poor, in manner and form aforesaid; then the said re&jon for t* justice or justicesshall and may commit such offender or often- month, ders to the house of correction, for any space not exceeding one month; or, (h*jl and may order such offender or offenders to, be whipped jby the ponstable^ or other officer, as to the said juT vlaion of a* ftice or justices, shall seem meet; and if any such person or per-like offence fons shall again commit the ^kepffence, and be thereof convicted, the second as aforesaid, il\en he, (he, pr they, so offending thfeJccond time, time a.rc be and being the feof convicted, as aforesaid, shall Jbe committed toor

the house of, f oisection, for three tponths.

VI. Provided always, That no person or persons shall be ^ro^.tlon prosecuted for amr such offence of dealing, puffing up, or de-day^laster3the stroying of madder roots, uijless such prosecution be begun offence. within thirty (Jays after the offence committed.

CAP. XXXVI.

An act for continuing certain laws therein mentioned relating to British sail clothe and to the duties payable on foreign sail cloth; and to the allowance upon the exportation of British made gunpowder*, and to the encouragement of the trade of the sugar colonies in America; and to the landing of rum or spirits of the British furgar plantations, before the duties of excise are paid thereon \ and for regulating the payment of the duties on foreign exciseable liquors \ and for the relief of Thomas Watson, with regard to the drawback on certain East India calicoes \ and for* tendering more commodious the new passage leading from Charing Cross.

WHEREAS certain lam herein after mentioned, are found p

to be very uftful and beneficial to the publick, and art near ex- rcam e* piringy and it is fit they jhmld be continued; be it therefore enacted by the King's tnoft excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lordr spiriroal and temporal, and com-in this present^arliament affenobled, and by the author-

mens.

Sol* XXII.

Bb

rity

i'o

Act9Oca, which was continued by several lubfe-cjucnt aits.

further continued to »9 Sept. 17 $4*

Act Geo. «. which was continued by fevcrai i'ubfe-qucrit acts.

further continued to 19 Sept. 1764.

Act 6 Geo. 2* which was continued by several fiihfe-i]Uent acts,

further continued to 19 Sept. 1761.

Part of aft IS

Geo. a. relating to the

Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 36. [1758.

ruy of the same. That an act madedn the ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for further entmrag-itig and regulating the mamtfacture of British fail doth; and for the more effectual securing the duties now payable on foreign sail cloth imported into this kingdom \ which was to continue fit force fixun the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and thirty six, for the term ot five years, and from thence to, the end of the then next session of parliament; and which by federal subsequem acts made in the thirteenth and twenty fourth years of the reign of his present Majesty, was further continued until the twenty fifth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued from the expiration thereof, until the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament,

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That an act made in the fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for granting an allowance upon the exportation of British made gunpowder; which was to continue in force for five years, from the twenty fourth day of June, one rhou-seven hundred and thirty one, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; and which by several subsequent acts made in the tenth, sixteenth, and twenty fourth years of the reign of his present Majesty, was further continued until the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued from the expiration thereof yntil the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

III. And be it furtlicr enacted by the authority aforesaid, That an act made in the sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for the better securing and encouraging the trade of his Majesty's sugar colonies in America; which.was to continue in force for five years, to he computed from the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and thirty three* and to the end of the then next session of parliament; and which by several subsequem a&S'made in the eleventh, nineteenth, twenty sixth, and twenty ninth years of the reign of his present Majesty, was further continued until the twenty fourth day of June, one thousand seven hundred and fifty nine, shall be, and the same is hereby further continued from the expiration thereof, until the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and sixty one.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That so much of an act made in the fifteenth and sixtetmh years of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act to impower the inn porters or proprietors of rum, or spirits of the British sugar plan-

fattens,

i75.] Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 36/ 371

tations, to land the same before payment of the duties of excise charg- landing ot ed thereon, and to lodge the same in ioarehouses at their own expence; and for the relief of Ralph 'Barrow, in rtfpeflto the duty on paij^vhich

rock salt loft by the overflowing of the rivers Weaver and Dane, as Has continued relates to the landing of rum, or spirits of the British sugar by fevei at (ub-plantations, before payment of the duties of excise, and to the fr<lUCjU lodging of the same in warehouses at the expence of the importers or proprietors thereof; which was to continue in force until the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and forty nine, and from thence to the end of the then next session or parliament; and which, by an act made in the twenty third year of the feign of his present Majesty, was further continued from the expiration thereof, until the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; shall be, and the same is hereby, further continued further conti-frotn the expiration thereof, until the twenty ninth day of Sep- §cp 1764.! tember % one thousand seven hundred and sixty four, and from 7 thence to the end of the then next session of parliament.

V. And whereas no certain time is appointed for the proprietor or proprietors, importer or importers, of all or any kind of foreign liquors liable to the duties of excise on the importation thereof to make duo entry thereof with the officer or collector appointed for the excise in the port or place where, the same shall be imported, and to pay the duties for the fame\ and several perfotrs have refused or neglected % for a long time after the importation of such foreign exciseable liquors, to make due entry thereof and have insisted to ketp the same on boardy /2nd even in some cases, when the ships have been put into the docks to be repaired; by which means the payment of the duties due far the same, have been unfairly postponed and kept back, and the revenue unnecessarily put to a very considerable expence by keeping tydefmen on board; and great opportunities are also obtained for imbezzling or running on /bore all or part of the said foreign or exciseeble liquors9 without payment of any duties for the same, notwithstanding the utmost care and vigilante of the officer to prevent the same: for remedy whereof, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from porei j; and after the fifth day of July, one thousand seven hun- quorsliable to dred and fifty eight, the proprietor or proprietors, importer or the Juries of importers, of any kind of foreign liquors, liable to the duties*c, k»r*to of excise, within thirty days next after the matter or purser for wUhlri^oday* that voyage of the ship or vessel wherein the said foreign excise- attCr the re 7 able liquors, or any of them, shall be imported or brought in- port is made of to the kingdom of Great Britain, shall have or ought to have tll^c£n^nt$ c made a just and true entiy or report upon oath, of the burthen, ^, n 0 contents, and loacting, or such ship or vessel, in pursuance of the directions of the Statute made in the thirteenth and fourteenth P^?ntt?, he years of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An act a|3 for preventing frauds, and regulating abuses in his Majesty's customs \

shall make due entry with the officer or collector appointed for the excise, in the port or place where such foreign exciseable liquors shall be imported, of all such foreign exciseable liquors

During the continuance

Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 36. [1758.

on board of futh ship or ve(Rl belonging to such proprietor tit* and the dutiee proprietors, importer or importers; and shall then, or befort, tobe paid then, fetisfy and pay the duties of excise due and payable so? drfrFin or Wore, and respect of the said foreign exciseable liquors/and fetid the lithe, iande?U°W on Pa*n to ^or^t ^or every neglect or refusal to mafcetftitf Witty on forfeiture or payment, or to land the same, according to the difoSHbrifcbf of the liquors, this act, all such foreign exciseable liquors, with the titflc/riid with the package wherein the same shall be contained on board1 (ocH (Rip package. or vesselbelonging to such proprietor or proprietors*, toptiieTbr importers, of the same, so neglecting or refuting, wfnfeb shall and may be seized by any officer or officers of the exrffe.

VI. Provided always, and it is Hereby declared amj enacted by the authority aforesaid, That so long as the said act dP the fif-

ZffrS'g tecnt^ anc* (|Xteenth years of his Majesty's reign shall be conti- Geo. .5 the nued arK* m force, nothing in the clause last before mentioned, last mentioned shall extend, or be construed to extend, in any wise to preirent clause is not to or hinder the proprietor or proprietors, importer or importers, w^phits of m anynim orspirits of the growth, produce, or manmafture, the British fu- of the British sugar plantations, as shall be imported iittb the gar planta- kingdom of Great Britain directly from the said sugar pbmta-tiom; tiens, or any of them (an entry or such rum or spirits being first

made within the said thirty days, as directed by the said dause

but the same*- - - " - 3

may and given i«

duties as the duties of excise in pursuance of the directions of* tlfe said act of recited aftUi- t^e fifteenth and sixteenth years of his MajeOyY reign, " if Re, rc 8* fl>e, or they, shall chuse so to do, within the said term 6f thirty

days. 1

VII. And it is hereby further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all entries or reports of any foreign liquors, liable to the duties of excise, to be made by the matter br purler of any ship or vessel, in pursuance of the said act of the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of King Charks tht*S^eoiW,

the number of the number of calksor other package, with the particular mrnfoers t*£> °£ and marks of each of them, and the particular kindiof licfttors

she nunibers contained in each calk or other package, on board of each^re-aya marks spective ship or vessel, shall be inserted in such entries or reports, theteon, and bn pain for every neglect or refusal thereof, to forfeit foftf liquor, the contents, with t^e calk or other package wherein the same (hifll b^wn-ferted, Cin tained, which shall and may be seized by any officer bftbe rx-on forfeiture cife; any law, custom, or usage, to the contrary thereof in any of the liquor wise notwithstanding: and that all seizures to bemadfc m ^hir-and package } fuance Of any of the powers given by this act, shall fall tieief-go foffieKtng) toy c^arges for the recovery thereof Ming first deducted)be Writhe other u> ploved, one moiety thereof to and for the use of his Nfajdty, the seizer. his heirs, and successors, and the other moiety to thefoizeror prefecutor.

VIII. And, in order to enable the gaugers or officers of theheottifi^ the better' to ascertain the proof of all foreign imported liqubrs'y BAthto the duties of excise y it is hereby further enacted by the ibHto-

K rity

In entries of foreign liquors, purfu ant to act x 3 & 14 Car. 2.

I75&.] Anew triensimo primo Georgii II. c. 36. 375

rity aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Gauger may gangers or officers of the excite, at any time or tunes, totake a*?6* a fempJe fampHe or samples (not exceeding one quart in the whole) outoiderw0"' of each of the cades or other, package, containing such foreign afeertsin the

paying

lame.

spiritoous liquors, paying for such (ample or samples of liquors,proof, j ^fter thei^tc q£ sixteen millings./ter gallon. fot the

t, J3C And whereas by a fuddett fire which broke out in the work-shopof ^tyomas Watson of Morris's causeway, in the parish of LanSoeth in the county of ourry, callicoe, printer, on the eighth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and fifty five, tib* thousand two hundred and one pieces of printed East India callicoes, of the value of two thousand two hundred and forty nine pounds, fifteen Jbil-h*gU tmi eleven pence, were burnt anddefrayed: and whereas fiundry duties were paid at the custom-hcup, London, upon the importation of the Mi callicoes, and the same w&e intended to have been export-efi to foreign parts, being by daw prohibited to be worn in these king-.dents, and upon, the exportation thereof a drawback, to the amount of fevers hundred and thirty six pounds and four J, hillings, would have bo-come payable to the exporter thereof: for the relief therefore of the said Thomas Watson; be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Debenture to the collector or other proper officer or officers of the customs at* °w the port of London, shall, and he and they are hereby im* ^aifon^or powered and required, to make out and grant a proper deben* la0i piece* of ture or debentures, for the said two thousand two hundred and callicoes one pieces oft callicoes, whereby the said Thomas Watson may be b.urn*?to9-intitled to draw back such part of the duties paid on the impor- aJawback ot tation of the said callicoes, as would have been drawn back up* the duties paid on {^exportation thereof, in the same manner as if the said cal* on the impor* licoes had been exported to parts beyond the seas. tation.

X. And whereas the pqffoge called The New Passage leading from Charing Cross into Saint James's Park, is very narrow, in* convenient, and dangerous, and it would be of publief convenience to widen and render the same commodious; be it therefore enacted by The New Paf-the authority aforesaid, That the said passage shall from hence* sage from forth be deemed and taken to be one of the ways, streets, avc* Charwa Croft nues, or pastages, within the description of an act passed in the pa % Sfsa^eJc twenty ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled, deemed one An act to enable the cornmijfiouers for building a bridge cross the river of the ways, of Thames, from the city of Westminster to the opposite port in intended to be the county of Surry, to purchase houses and grounds, and to widen the ways^ anf to make more safe and commodious the streets, avenues, ad*of 29 Geo. and passages, leading from Charing Cross, to the two houses of parliament, Westminster MoM, anithe courts of justice there, and West-mmfter. Bridge; and to enable a less number of commissioners to ext* cute the several acts relating to the said bridge, than at present are required by law, and for relief of George and James King, with regard so a leapt taken by their late father from the said commissiom* ers, according to the true intent and meaning of the said act; and all. and every the powers and authorities, cla.uses, rules, forms, directions, matters, and things, prescribed, mentioned, expressed, a^d contained in the said act, shall extend, and be*B b 3 '* deemed

J74 Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 37. r175-

aiwi tiic com- deemed and construed to extend, to impower the &td coromif-or any fivcor more of them, to widen and render &fe ^"t'hefam* aQd commodious for carriages and passengers on foot, the fold accordingly j new paffige, as fully and effectually to ail intents and purposes whatsoever, and in such manner, and by such ways and mens, as they the said of, or any five or more of them, are authorized and impowered to open and widee any ways, streets, avenues, or pastages, leading from Charing Croft, to the two houses of parliament, iPefimnfler Hall, and the oowrtt of justice there, and Westminster Bridge, by virtue of the said recited act, or by any of the powers or authorities thereby to them given.

and to apply

XI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, such of the 7 That when the said of shall have caused to be open-fur pi us mo- ed and widened all such ways, streets, avenues, and portages, niesremaining from Charing Crt/s aforesaid, to the two houses of parliament, ITftlro^ning! Holland the courts of justire there, ai*»-

4c. of the fier Bridge, according to the directions of the said recited a, if other ways any monies granted by parliament, for the purposes of the (kid and streets, act, and the incidental expences thereof, shall then remain in their hands, they the said of, or any five or more of them, shall an'd they are hereby authorized, directed, ficiented ren"atK* retlu, rct* topply all such monies, or so much thereof as der the said shall be sufficient for that purpose, in opening, widening, and New Passage rendering safe and commodious for carriages and passengers on safe: and com foot, the said passage now called The New leading from

modious. Charing Craft aforesaid, into Saint Pari, and in defraying the incidental expences thereof, in such manner as they, or any five or more of them, shall order, direct, and appoint, according to the true intent and meaning of this act.

CAP. XXXVII.

An act to permit the exportation of certain quantities of malt

now lying in his Majesty's storehouses, and to allow the bounty upon such corn and malt as was flapped and cleared for Ireland, on or before a limited time.; and to authorize the transportation of flour, meal, bread, and to the islands of Guernsey and Jersey, for the of the inhabitants there, in lieu of the wheat, malt, or barley, which may now, by law, be transporte to those islands.

WHEREAS by an ait tf parliament mod* in thehft ftjfm

Preamble, re- y, tr parliament, intituled An act to prohibit, for a time to citing certain, r*. A.r Ja.

clauses and h* limited, the exportation of cam, malt, meal, flour, bread,

provides in biscuit, and ft arch, it was enacted, That no person or ersons what-act 30 Geo. i. soever, at any time or times before the twenty fifth day ^December, one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, Should directly or indirectly export, transport, carry, or convey, or eause or procure to be exported, transported, carried % or conveyed, out of or from Great Britain or Ireland, or load or lay on board, or eause or procure to he lade tf or'. kid

375

1f56.] Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 37.

bid-on board, tie any «r tther vtffitl or boat, in order to ex-

fortedior- tarried out of tb find kingdom of Great Britain or Ireland, my firt tftorn, malt four, tread, or fiarch,

underbe penalties therein mentioned and is contained a

frmnfi, That/be said act, or any thing therein contained, Should not attend tnany, offit find commodities which Should he exported, or

shippedfob axperttd, out of or from Great Britain / Ireland, or firm, Ireland to Great Britain, or from Great Britain Ireland, la Gibraltar, ' or onto any of his Majesty's colonies in A-

mtatm, that bane ujuody been supplitd with any the feud commodities from Great Britain or Ireland, for tb fuftentatson of tb inhabitants of the said iJJands, colonies, or, for tb bnefit

of the Bfitdh Mary in these parts only, under fitch restrictiens, and subjecttofuto fetfe'tfures and penalties, as therein mentioned t

and also-anether pmifa That fie said act, or any thing

taineeL, Jheuid not extend te eny wheat, mk, or, to b trans-perted tut of or from tb port of Sautfeampton only, unto tb ijbnds of Jflriey and Guernsey, tr ehbrof them, for the only of tb

inhabitants of these ifienis, ft as tb wifi fie re-

qwjhet therein mntweed, and fe as tb guantity of wheat, malt,

and bar ley, which at any time or times after the of fie said

aft1* and bftre tb twenty fifth, day of December, one thousand /even-hundred ami fifty fauea, Should be shipped at the said pert fer Jntfey and Guernsey, or either of, as aforesaid, did net ex-otedm tbt whole, fiat ihmfimdquarters j and also another,

That nothing in the said act contained, Should extend to any malt dt-tdartd or etude for exportation oner tb fourth day ^Decem-

ber* one thousand seven buniredand fifty fexi which JbwU be ex-parted* providedJhe reqyifiies therm mentioned, were complied with by the proprietor or proprietors thereof: end where to the fetid joQ was by an act of parliament made in this present session of parliament, further continued from the expiration thereof until the twenty fourth fiay of December, one thoeefaud seven hundred and fifty fight \ and in which said laji-menUoned off is contained a proviso, That during the continuance of fetch a8 % the bounty or bounties granted by any law upon the exportation of any of the commodities therein before-mentioned, shotdd not be allowed or paid to any perfoee upon the exportation thereof out of this kingdom, to any place whatsoever, or by tobatfc-ever.authonts the same may be exported: and whereas certain quantum of barley were making into malt and declared for exportation, by or on the behalf of the merchants of Norwich and Yarmouth, before* or about the time of the passing of the said first mentioned act and fiub male veto a&uaHy made before the end ejf Jtempty, one theufimd seven hiasdred and fifty seven \ and the same malt b ywv lying mhis Majesty's fierehouses under the care of the proper officers of excise: and whereas the said malt is not fit for home cotfumptioft*

' but was mauufahhtred for the Holland market; and the said merchants have not been ablet by reafanof thafl faffed in this session for continuing the fetid former act, to export the said malt within the time limited by an act for granting a duty upon malt; be it therefore eroded by the King's most exceNent majesty, by and with the

376 Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 37.

[175ft.

advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the autho-Merchants of rity of the same. That it shall be lawful for the merchants erf Norwich and tjlc cjty of Norwich, and borough of Yarmouth, in the county pennitted to Norfolk, to export, and ship to export, out of this kingdom, export to on or before the twenty ninth day of September, one thousand Holland, with- seven hundred and fifty eight, to any of the ports in Helloed, in a limited two hundred lefts of malt, commonly called Long Malt, or any of Lon* Mak P*Tthereof, now lying in his Majesty's storehouses, under the lying in the9c*1* of the proper officers of excise, and which was entered and Kina's store- declared for exportation, on or before the thirty first day of Jammy, hooifirs, one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, in the same man-

en^r'dTorex- ner> as^no act or acts had ever passed to the contrary; so as portation on t*lc P«ter, before the lading of such malt, or laying the same crbefore 3i on board arty ship or vessel, do become bound with other fuf-Jan. 1757; ficient security, in the treble value thereof, to the of securny for or ot^cr chief officer or officers of his Majesty's castoms, be-the due land- longing-to the port or place where the same shall be shipped or ing.&c.there-puton board (who is hereby impoweredto rake such security in ot in Holland. ins Majesty's name, and to his Majesty's use, and far which security no tee or reward shall be given or taken) that such malt shall be landed in Holland (the danger of the seas and the enemy-only excepted) and that such malt shall not be landed or fold in any other place whatsoever 3 any thing contained in any former, act or acts of parliament, to the contrary notwithstaiuU ing.

Proprietors'II. And be it further enacted by the atohority aforesaid, That discharged each and every of the proprietors of the aforesaid two hundred rie?in ma^ ls arc acquitted, (Wed, and discharged,

of not dear- and from all 'penalties' whatsoever, by any former act of par* ing the said liament laid orinflifted on him or them respectively, or which inaltout ot he or they respedriwely may be subject or liable to, for not re-

theif store- moving or clearmgthe said*two hundred lasts of malt, or any

thehmeli- P*1* thereof* out of the storehouse or storehouses, or^her place

snitefL by law. or places, within fifteen months after the same was carried therein respectively; any thing contained in any former act or acts of parliament to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding. proprietors*'HI. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall not intitled to intitle the proprietor or proprietors of the said two hundred apy bounty on Jafts Of ^alt, or of any part thereof, to any bounty or bounties rion.eXporta oh such exportation; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And whereas certain quantities of barley were m: k\ng into wait, and rieckred for exportation, by or in the behalf of several persons inhabiting within the difirifls of Lynn and Wells, in the £-, v' writs of the Lyrtn col/etlion of estcife in the county of Norfolk, oner

before the thirtieth day of January, one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven> and the said malt is now lying in his Majesty's fioreheufos, t I-. J cand is not fit for home consumptim \ be it therefore further enacted Ltnaand ° by the authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the inha-vvdts, per- bitants of the said districts of Lynn and Wells, to export, and v: w - a -.ship

1758.] Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 37. 377

ship to export, out of this kingdom, on or before the said twen- mined to ex. ty ninth day of September, one thousand seven hundred and fifty P°rt.toj°* eight, to any of the ports in Holland, three hundred and fifty^re^ula^ lefts of malt, commonly called Long Malty or any part thereof cions,50 lasts now lying in his Majesty's storehouses, under the care of the of Long Malt, proper officers of excise, and which was entered and declared lying in the^for exportation, on or before the thirtieth day of January, one °re*

thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, in mch and the same which were manner, and under the like regulations, as are herein before enter'd for ex* authorized and appointed with relation to the exportation of potation on malt, by the merchants of Norwith and; and the in- un. 17s? j°

habitants of the said districts, shall be, and are hereby also, in like and they are manner, freed and discharged from all penalties incurred or to be in* likewise dif-euned for not removing or clearing of the said three hundred and charged from fifty lasts of malt, out of the storehouses or other place or places, elationthere! within the time limited by any former law for that purpose; ro. but nothing herein contained shall intitle any proprietor or proprietors of the said three hundred and fifty lasts of malt, to any bounty or bounties on such exportation5 any thing contained in any former act or acts of parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And whereas divers persons within tins kingdom did aSualby

flip, or cause to he flipped for exportation to Ireland, divers quan-

tities of tom and malt, on or before the twenty fourth day ^December, one thousand seven hundred and fifty and the _ wherein the same were ft flipped, were, on or before the said twenty

fourth day of December, one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, former acts, actually cleared 5 be it therefore further enacted by the authority on exporta-aforesaid, That the bounty or bounties granted on the expor-tl0" of earn tation of corn and malt by each and every of the acts of parlia- b" allowed to ment now in being, shall be allowed and paid to each and every exporters of of the exporter and exporters of corn or malt which was ship- such com and ped and cleared for exportation to Ireland, on or before the Jdta*yw twenty fourth day of December, one thousand seven hundred or

and fifty seven, in the same manner as if the said act made in before4 Dec. this present session of parliament had never been made; any 1757. thing therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And whereas it would bo of great relief and advantage to the

inhabitants of the islands of Jersey and Guernsey, if a sufficient quantity of meal, pour, bread, and biscuit, was allowed to be trans*

ported to the said istands, for the only use of the inhabitants there, in-

Jleai of the like quantity of wheat, malt, or barley, now allowed by law to be transported to those ifends; be it therefore further enacted Liberty grant-by the authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful at 'any. time jd of exporter times before the twenty fourth day of December, one thou- of South-find seven hundred and fifty eight, to transport fr<Jm the port ampton, wiehl of Southampton only, unto the find inlands of Jersey and Guernsey, in a limited for the only use of the inhabitants there, any quantity or quan- time, and in tides of meal, flour, bread, or biscuit, in lieu of the like qUan- I'm1 ted quantity or quantities of wheat, malt, or barley, now allowed by law fl0'urbread', to be transported to the said istands, so that the whole quantity or biscuit, for

of the use of the

373 Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. G«§S.

inhabitant! of of wheat, malt* barley, meal. flour, broad, ORdbe&ui Vtnmf* Jersey and.ported to the fold islands before the fad twenty fourth day u€ ucrn y*December* one thoa&nd feiren hundred and fifty eight, doth twt exceed the quantity of wheat, malt, or barley, now limited by law to be transponted to the fttd islands; and fecb, tnm<pofftan lion hereby authorised and allowed, shall be made under 4och the same to and the like regulations, penalties, and forfeitures, as the tratif-portation of wheat, malt, and harley, so the said islands is now regulations.; any thing in any former ail or aft s contained* th*

contrary notwithstanding,

70 lb. averdu-

VII. And be it further enacted by the authority rforefatd, poise wt. That in order to ascertain the amount of the said tranQxxrution, deemed equal every seventy pounds averdupoise weight of bread or hifouit, to a bushel. be deemed respectively, for the porpofee of thtt aft, equal

to one bushel of wheat, malt, or barky.

Account terbe

VIII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, laid before That the commisstooers of the custocns for the time being, Audi,

parliament of^requited togpve-a'foU aoflh true acoonntin

to exported.# Anting to both houses of parliament, at the beginning of the next session thereof, of all flour, meal, bread, and bilcuiL that shall have been exported to each of the said islands of Jit&j WBd Guirnfy) by virtue or in pursuance of this act.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaidd. That if any action or (bit shall be commenced against any person or persons for any thing done infwrfuaace of this oft, the defondant or defendants in any fitch action or fair, may plead Generalise, the general tfsue, and give this act, and the spetial matter, m

evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance, and by the authority of this act; and if it shall appear so to have been done, the jury shall hod for the defendant or defendants; and if the plaintiff shall be non* 'foiled, or discontinue his action, after the defendant or defendants shall have appeared; or if judgement shall begiveo upon any verdict or demurrer, against the plaintiff the defend apt or Treble costs. ^e^cr^Jflts snd may recover treble costs, and havetbe like remedy for the same, as any defendant or defendants hath or have in other cases by law.

CAP. xxxviii.

An act for applying a sum of money granted in this session of parliament towards carrying on the works for fortifying and securing the harbour of Milfora in the county of Pembroke.

[Preamble.]

10, 0001. to be iflfued out of the monies granted for the ferrice of the current year, towards carry in* on the works for fortifying the harbour of Milford. Commissioners appointed for carrying the purposes of this act into execution. Commissioner* may farvey and ftt exttfce lands proper to be purchased for carrying on the said works; and determine, in a summary way, all claims and controversies, Sec. relating thereto. Lands described within the boundaries of such survey, are velted in trustees, for the benefit of the parties interested, till the purchase-monies are paid 1 or certificates be made forth for the payment. Commissioners im powered to treat for the absolute purchase of such lands; conveyances thereof 4ano- ed valid. Where persons shall xefufe to treat or agree, or shall be disabUd from treating, See. Warrant it to be issued to me Sheriff for fommoning, a jury

379

1758.] Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 39.

[Treble costs.]

[General issue.]

a jury to affect the damage and recom pence s Sheriff to return and summon a jury accordingly, and attend with his officers, to prove the fervke of such fntnmont; on penalty of forfeiting -not exceeding to I. nor less than 10L Juror neglectinr his duty, without lawful excuse, liable to be fined not exceeding iol. Fines to be estreated into the exchequer. A sufficient jury nfit attending, the inguest to be adjourned; and a new warrant iffutd for returning a fuflkient number of jurors. Twelve to make a jury 5 and, upon their being fvrorn, of to fit till the ing«ieft be taken, and judgement given thereon. Commissioners m*y summon and examine witnesses upon oath, and cause the evidences and writings of the premisses to he produced. 30 days notice to be given of the meetings of of for determining claims and of the meetings of the juries. Persons summoned, refuting to appear, or to produce the evidences of their estates* liable to be fined not exceeding 51. Decrees of of relating to claims, agreements, conveyances, verdicts, and judgements thereupon, to be final and conclusive. Where persans interested shall ex-oreft tl ieir desire to have their claims ascertained by a jury, the commis-noners are to cause a jury to be impanelled and returned for that purpose. Verdict of the jury, and judgement of the of thereon, to be final and conchifive. Entry to be made of all orders, judgements, decrees, agreements, and verdicts; specHying the houses, number of acres, or parcels of land, their abuttals and boundaries, and parties interested $' and the sums to be paid for the same. Duplicates thereof to he ingrossed on jparchmeat, and certified to the clerk of the crown, and remembrancer of the exchequer. Certificates to be granted to the parties interested; fur-beyor general of the ordnance, to make out bills thereupon, with debentures for the sum* certified, to be paid by the treasurer. Trustees thereupon, to Hand seised of the premisses. Certificates, on refusal to be accepted, may be deposited with the clerk of the peace. Where parties ingrafted shall be incapable of taking and dHpofing of the purchasir monies, the of are to decree into whose hands the same shall be paid for their use; and the money to be laid out in other purchases, to be settled to like trulls and uses; and till it shall be so employed, may be placed out at interest. Commissioner not to act where he is interested. Account of the application of the monies for carrying on the works, to be laid every year before parliament. Charges of this act to be first paid. Limitation of actions.

CAP. XXXIX.

An act for vesting certain messuages, lands, tenements, and heredita-'tneots, for the better securing his Majesty's docks, ships, and stores, at Fortifhoutlu Chatham, and Plymouth, and for the better fortifying the town of Portsmouth, and citadel of Plymouth, in trustees, for certain uses*and for other purposes therein mentioned.

[Preamble.]

Specification of land to be taken into the intended works and fortifications at Plymouth, Portsmouth, and Chatham, and to v*ft in certain trustoes, till the purchase-money for the same be ascertained and paid j Trustees names. 4.I. per cent, interest allowed for year, on the gsofs sum assessad for the value of the premisses. Purchase money to be paid put of the next aids granted in parliament. Commissioners of claims to he appointed by his Majesty j who are to proceed in a summary way in their getenpiuations. by examination of witnesses, and inspection of evidences, or by a jury of inquell; with power to fend for persons and papers 5 and to agree for, or detenstine the valpe of the premisses, by any of those way* and means* their judgements and decrees to be entered in proper books, specifying the particular* of the lands, the proprietors, and purchase-rooney*and a duplicate thereof, ingrafted on parchment, to be certified to the clerk of the crown in chancery, and to the remembrancer in the exchequer j the same to be final and conclusive; and copies thereof to he laid before parliament, in order to the granting a compensation to the proprietors. Commissioners may issue warrants to the respective sheriffs for impanelling and summoning juries*sherifff to obey the said warrants, and summon and return a jury accordingly i and to attend on the return.

3$C

PrfiMnble.

Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 40. [1758.

wqib kit officers* to prove the service of such summoftvif oeqJEuy. She? riff neglecting his duty in any of the premiAes* to be proceeded against in a summary way, upon complaint to the court of chancery, &c. till be shall have madeutisfafiion, and complied with (belt warrant. Juror aqg-seeing his duty, without lawful excuse, may be fined in a Turn not -fx-ceeding sol. Fines to be estreated into the exchequer. I nquest to be adjourned for want of a sufficient jury; and warrants to be iffiKd for returning a proper number of jurors. Twelve to be a jury 5 and upon the jurors being sworn, of to continue fitting, till the inquift lie taken, and judgement be given thereon. 30 days previous notice an be given of commifhoners meeting for the purposes aforesaid and where the

Sersons refuse to appear, or produce the evidences of their claims, ipquest, c. to be made uplon the best information can be had, bpon payment of the sum awarded to the proprietors, the trustees are to (land teifed of the prettifies, divested of all right and daim. No privare buildings to he erected on the said lands $ and the profits arising therefrom, to be, applied jm reparation of the fortifications. Commissioners, upon complaint made to them, are to enquire into, and make an estimate of, the damage done to private grounds, by making the new works: and to report their opinion* as to what roads may properly be laid out for the comvcniency of the adjacent lands. Lord of the manor of Stoke Damereil, allowed to dig lime stones, and other stones, proper for building, or paving the streets of the town, within a certain distance of the works, and to buiid lime kilns; and.to enjoy a foot-way and passage from the ferry to Dock Town, fire, and also to enjoy a proper landing place on Mutton Cove, and ground tojeced keys and wharfs thereon, and a carriage-way to the same; with the fane-, rat landing places, fire, now used over the creek and river. No ferry boat, to be made use of for passage over the creek, except in the King's service, without licence of the lord of »lie manor. Commissioners exempted from, the penalties of the act of 15 Car. a. 2 W. fir M. 13 fir 14. W; 3- and s i Geo. s. nor is their feat in parliament vacated thereby. t

CAP. XL.

Ait afflio ascertain the weight of, And to fu*

' nish deceits in the fate of bay and jlraw itr truffes' m [London, and within the weekly bills, ' arid

within the distance of thirty. miles thereof and prevent common salesmen of bay from buying the same on thetr own account % to f again; and alsoto refittain salesmen, brokers, or faffhrs in cattle, from buying on their own account, to sell again, any live cattle in London, ' or within the weekly bills of mor, or which ar^ driving up thereto.

WHEREAS great abuses are committ

in bundles or trujfcs in the city of London, and within tie limits of the weekly bills of mortality, and other places about London, of less weight than the same ought to be, and are be, be*

tween buyer and feller; and also by putting into bundles or truffes of Jlraw and hay exposed for sale, ft raw and.bay different in goodnqfs or

quality from what the jlraw or hay, by the outjsde of such bundles or trujjes, appears to be, and also by putting other things into or amongst such bundles of truffes ofdraw and hay, to make up or a

false weight: for remedy whereof be it enacted by thp Xing's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and con Cent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the twenty ninih of September one thousand feverk Straw to be hundred and fifty eight, all draw which shall be sold or delivered in, or brought to or exposed for sale in London, or any comprized biil*rif to oe within the limits of the weekly of mortality, shall be sold and made up into dfellverta 1st bundles or trusses, each whereof shall be firmly trusses turmly boun^! or tied up; and that every such bundle or truss of draw WC| h shall be the foil weight of thirty six pounds of good and found ^u, ot^kmnd straw, e*clttftve of any other thing which shall be put therein; ihaw. and ?f atiy'person or persons shall, after the said twenty ninth-day of September, fell, or deliver, or bring into, or expose for ^iiyfoTd sale, in London, or within the limits of the said weekly bills ofln lruflcsf Mortality, or in any plage within thediftance of thirty miles from whether wiih-the extent of any part of the limits of the said weekly bills of in the said mortality, where (Haw shall be sold in bundles or trusses, any. weekly bundle or truss of straw which shall be of less weight than thirty iUncc?and six pounds of good and found straw, or which shall befin the shall be w*nt-irtfide of any such bundle or truss of different goodness of qua- ing of that lity from what the same by the outside of any such bundle or

truss, shall appear to be, he, she, or they, who shall lo offend i» the inside of the prevnifies, on being convicted thereof, in manner herein after a woi ic qua-mentioned, shall forfeit and pay every time any such straw fhsrtf hty than the be brought for sale, or fold or delivered in London, or within the outj\dc im* limits of the weekly bills of mortality, not in bundles or trusses, ^offender the sum of twenty shillings; and the lum of one shilling for forfeits, for all every bundle or truss of straw, which he, she, or they, shall fell, draw not fold or bring into, or expose for sale in London, or within the limits delivered of the said weekly bills of mortality, or in any place within the '^d said dlftance of thirty miles from the extent of the limits of the truss under7 said weekly hills of mortality, where straw shall be usually fold weight, or of by the bundle or truss, which shall not be of the said fgll weight a nuxt quality, of thirty six pounds of good and found straw, or which shall be proved to be, in the inside of any such bundle or truss, of different gdodness or quality from what the same, by thefoutfide of any such bundlC'Or truss, (hatt appear to be,

e II. 'And feeit further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Trades of hay every truss of hay which, after the said twenty ninth day of Sep- to be made up timber, shall be (old in, or brought into, or exposed for sale, in in hke man-London, or any place comprized within the limits of the, said^.weekly bills of mortality, or which shall be sold in any plage found hay within the said di fiance of thirty miles from the extent of the only, and of limits of the said weekly bills of mortality, where hay shall be equal goodness fold in bundles or trusses, shall be made up with good and found an^fe^ound hay only, and such as the same shall appear to be by the outside hay to be al-of every such bundle or truss; and that such hay only as shall be lowed in

?>ood and found shall be deemed and taken to be the hay which weight only, s to make up the weight every truss of bay by law ought to be.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Weight of the the pair of bands with which any truss of hay shall be bound, band* of a shall not exceed the weight of five pounds, upon pain that every tmfi of hay perfoil who shall fell any truss of hay with bands of a greater

weight forfeiting^is.

Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. 0*40.

[175S1

weight then fife pound*, shall, for every such offence, forfeit and pay the sum of one shilling.

Persont era-

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, ployed ro bind xhat if any person or persons employed to bind hay or draw, not conform- ^all not bind up and make the same into bundles or truffes of inz to the such weight and quality as is directed by this atft, every such per-ruTes of this son so offending shall forfeit and pay the sum of three pence for aft, forfeit 3d* every bundle or truss of hay or draw, not being of such weight the owner ob- am* quality; provided the same be objected to by the owner jetting within thereof within twenty four hours after the same shall be fb bound 24. hours. or made up, and before the same shall be removed.

Salesman boy.

V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That ing, after29 from and after the said twenty ninth day of September, no person September, who shall act as a common salesman in felling hay or draw for od^hTrown* an^ other person, for gain or reward, or by commin&on, in Lon-acconnrto fell or within the said limits of the said weekly bills of mortality, again, shall directly or indirectly buy any hay or draw on his own account, other than what ne shall purchase to spend for his own use: and thatif any such person who shall so aft as a salesman of hay or draw shall, after the said twenty ninth day of September, buy r 11* any hay or draw on his own account to sell again; or shall fell tertgSep.*in London, or within the said limits of the said weekly bills of temberinLon- mortality, any hay or draw which shall have been bought by don, or within him on his own account, he, she, or they, on being convicted Wtls*fu*1or there°f in manner herein after mentioned, shall, for evefy sech straw bought offence, forfeit and pay the sum of one shilling for every trufe by him on his of such hay or draw which shall be so sold by or for him. own account, VI. Ands in order to prevent any undue practices between the truf|ltSS I>Cr owners or fokfmen of bay or straw, and the servants of the buyers ru' thereof; and to the end it may be known at what price bay or straw

fold within the limits aforesaid shall be equally fold; be it further A regider to enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said be kept in the ^wcnty ninth day of September, there shall be kept in the hay wlttorTLon- market in the city of London, and at every other hay market don, and the within the limits of the said weekly bills of mortality, where weekly bills; hay or draw is or shall be allowed to be sold, a book or register for entering and regidering therein an account of all hay and draw which shall be sold in any such hay market respectively \ in London, by and that such book or regider shall be kept in London by the hay the proper bay weigher, who shall be appointed by the mayor, commonalty, and weigher, citizens of the said city of London, to weigh the hay brought for and in other sale into the said city, or his deputy or deputies; and out of places by the the said city of London^ within the limits of the said weekly bills clerk or toll Df mortality, by the clerk or toll-gatherer of every hay market gatherer. within the said limits, or his or their deputy or deputies; and Vender with*lliat every Perf°a who shall fell any hay or draw in London, or in a limited within the limits of the said weekly bills of mortality, his fcr-rime, to make vant or agent, shall, within Gx hours after any hay or straw an entry there- shall, at any time, be sold in any publick hay market in London, or rt!aw fold* or t*ie^limits of the weekly bills of mortality, and

by him, within seven days after every sale of hay or draw in London, or

1758.] Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 40. 3&3

within the said limits of the weekly biHs of mortality, shall be made, out of any such hay market in London, at in any place within the Limits of the said weekly bills of mortality, make an entry* in the book or register of the hay market, in which any such bay or straw shall be sold; or where the same shall not be sold in any such hay market, then in the book or register of the hay market which shall be most contiguous to the place in Lon-dm* of within the limits of the said weekly bills of mortality, in which any such hay or straw shall be sold; d'rftinguishing therein the names and places of abode of the owners and fellers of any distinguisttingj such hay or straw, and the names and places of abode of the re- the names and spetftrve buyer or buyers thereof, and also of the person or persons pi^f!0*abode for whom or for whose use any such hay or straw shall be so reilers^smd^ bought, and also the day in which such hay or straw shall be so buyer*. and boughtrand (lie true price at which the same shall be really fold; for whose use and every person who shall fell any such hay or straw, his servant ramc or agent, mall sign his name, or set his mark, to every such en-^"date"nd try which he shall so make or cause to be made, and shall pay price j for the same to the tray weigher, clerk, or toll-gatherer, of the and to sign marker, who shall keep such book or register as aforesaid, theth*1said c"try* sum of one penny; and every such hay weigher, clerk, or toll- ^t£Ybe gatherer, of the market, or his deputy or deputies, fhaN, at all cicrk, &c. teasonable times in the day time, and during the market hours Register to be herein after mentioned, permit arty person to have recourse to, foipefttd by and inspedi arty such book or regirar which shall be so kept for MySnaaq11 °n any such hay market, the person so defirtng to inspe<3 the same, p y 5 paying for etfery such inspection the Him of one half-penny; and if the feller of any such hay or straw in London, or within the li- v^.der M5m mits of the said weekly bills of mortality, his fetvant or agent, ^c^uch en-. shall not make such entry as aforesaid in such book or register, |ry, &c. within the said space of six hours after any sale shall be made of any such hay or straw in arty publick hay market in London, <_r within the said limits of the weekly bills of mortality, and within the said space of seven days after every sale of any hay or straw in London, or within the said limits of the weekly bills of mortality, out of any such hay market, or shall not sign hfs name or put his mark thereto, or shall refiife to pay for making any such entry, or shall give in, or cause to be entered in any such book or regi- or ^v-, ngjn a fter, any faffeor untrue account of the quantity of hay or straw taU'cor untrue fold, or of the price at which the same was really fold, or of the account; for name or place of abode of any buyer of such hay or straw; every k*?not cx*owner or* feller of any such' hay or straw, his servant or agent, J", t^n who shall so offend, shall, on being convicted thereof in manner iCs. herein after mentioned, for every such offence forfeit and pay any sum not exceeding twenty shillings, nor less than ten shillings; and if any hay weigher in London, or clerk or toll-gatherer and hay of any hay market within the limits aforesaid, orhisottheirdepoty weigher or ordeputies, shall omit or neglect to keep such book or register, or clerk, &e shall delay or refuse to let arly entry hereby directed to be made therein, or shall demand any greater price than one penny for premises, -ior-making any such entry, or one halfpenny for permitting such tcirs in: ikc

book manner.

384 Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 40. [1758.

book or register to be at any time perused or examined, or shall'knowingly suffer or permit any untrue entiy to be made in any such book or register, or shall refute at any ieafonabie time in the day time, in market hours, to permit any person to mfpe& any entry which shall be made in any such book or register, every such person who shall so offend in the premides, shall, for every such offence, on being convicted thereof in manner herein after mentioned, forfeit and pay any sum not exceeding twenty shillings, nor less than ten millings.

No Register to 'VII-J?r^dal"ays». ?. enaAedI by the authority

be made of aforesaid, That nothing in this act contained shall oblige any person to register any hay or draw which shall be sold within the limits aforesaid, in any lets quantity than four trades in any day, to any one person.

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That nothing in this act contained shall oblige

bay or it raw fold in a less quantity than trades, in a day, to one person

to market for late, and which shall be there fold.

Proper scales and weights.

andstraw, to be provided by the hay weighers and clerks of the markets.

nor of any de- any person to'register any hay or draw which he shall deliver in cial contra X London, or within the limits of the said weekly bills of mortality, but such qnly on special contract or agreement; but such hay and draw only toberegistered which shall be sent or brought into London, or some place within as is brought the limits of the said weekly bills of mortality, to be sold, and which shall be accordingly there fold, shall be registered as before is directed; any thing in this act before contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That there shall be provided by the hay weigher of the said city or engines for of London, and by every clerk or toll-gatherer of every hay mar-weighing hay within the limit* of the said weekly bills of mortality, and kept at every such hay market in London, and within the limits of the said weekly bills of mortality, proper scales and weights, or engines, for the weighing all hay andftraw which shall be there brought for sale, or shall be required to be there weighed; and such hay weigher, clerk, or toll-gatherer, of the hay market, or his or their deputy, shall, on application to him or them for that purpose made, cause all hay or draw, which shall be therebrought and required to be weighed, to be duly weighed, and with all convenient speed, after any request shall be made for weighing thereof; and such hay weigher, clerk, or toll-gatherer of the market, or his deputy, shall be paid by the party requiring any such hay or straw to be so weighed, the sum of one milling and no more, for weighing ever)'load of such hay or straw; and if less than a load of hay or straw shall be there weighed, then the sum of one halfpenny for every truss of such hay or straw which shall be there weighed; and ir any doubt shall at any time arise, whether any hay or straw brought into London, or in any mar-arise about the ^et or P^acc w*l^n limits of the said weekly bills of morta-

due weight of lity, and which shall not have been weighed at any such hay ruch hay or market, is of the due weight the same ought to be, then and in such

straw as shall case jt be lawful for the buyer thereof, on the delivery of

weighed^n the liaY or ^raw at or ^er a^oc^e> YarcU or other place,

markets, the where the same shall be agreed by the feller to be delivered, to buyer may v cause

Fees payable for the use thereof.

1758.] Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 40. 385

cause the same to be weighed in the presence of the feller, or his weigh the servant or agent, who shall deliver the same; and if on the same in being so weighed, the buyer or feller of any such hay or straw, jy|*r° his servant or agent, shall be dissatisfied with any such weighing and if either thereof, it shall be lawful for any such buyer or feller, his servant be di/Tarisfied or agent, with all convenient speed then afterwards to apply to therewith, the hay Weigher, clerk, or toll-gatherer, of the hav market, his fQeJheVayP*or their deputy or deputies, which shall be nearest to the place weigher or where any such hay or straw shall be delivered, to fee the same clerk of the weighed over again, and on any such application being made, the market, who*hay weigher, clerk, or toll-gatherer, of the market, who shall be wiehcd so applied to, his deputy or deputies, shall, with all convenient over again, speed after any such application shall be so made, come to the place where such hay or straw shall be, within the limits aforesaid, and shall there lee such hay or straw as shall be complained of as wanting in weight, again weighed, and the weight thereof which shall be ascertained by any such hay weigher, clerk, orand ag^tU|J toll-gatherer of the market, or his deputy or deputies, shall bethd weight; "v*conclusive to all parties; but the person who shall require any such hay weigher, clerk, or toll-gatherer of the market, or his ors. to be paid their deputy or deputies, to attend and weigh any such hay draw out or any such hav market, shall pay to such hay weigher, trouble, by clerk, or toll-gatherer of the market as aforesaid, or his or their* T

deputy, to attend to fee the same weighed, the sum of two (hill-'ings, before any such hay weigher, clerk, or toll-gatherer of the market, his deputy or deputies, shall be obliged to go to fee any such hay or straw weighed out of any such hay market; and if any hay or straw which shall be weighed out of any such hay market, shall be found by the hay weigher, clerk, or toll-gatherer j[raw y>e' of the market, or his or their deputy, to be of the due weight the of due weight same ought to be, then the two shillings which shall have been by the buyer; paid to or for such hay weigher, clerk, or toll-gathertr of the market, to attend to fee such hay or straw weighed, shall be forthwith repaid by the buyer of such hay or straw to the feller thereof, in case the feller paid such two shillings; and if the hay if wanting of or straw which shall be so weighed, shall be found not to be of its weight, by the due weight the same ought to be, then if the byyer thereof the feller, paid the said two shillings, the same shall be forthwith repaid to him by the feller of such hay or straw; and if any'h3y weigher, clerk, or toll-gatherer of any such hay market, or his or their Hay we»?ber,deputy, shall omit to provide and keep proper feales and ^ufcp°oPcJ fca?e*S weights or engines for the weighing hay or straw at such hay and weights* market, or shall neglect or rehife to weigh any hay or straw, or otherwise* which shall be required to be there weighed by him, or them, neglecting hi* or to attend to fee the same weighed out of such hay market at for any place within the limits aforesaid, when thereunto required ex- "

any seasonable time in the day time, and so as the said sum of ceed'ing so*, two shillings shall have been paid or tendered to him so so attend, norleft thaa every such hay weigher, clerk, or toll-gatherer of the market, os* his deputy or deputies^ so offending in the premisses, shall, for Vol. XXII Cc every

38 6 Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 40: [175$.

every such offence, forfeit and pay any sum not exceeding twenty lh.ll.ngs, nor less than ten shillings.

Where there X. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority afore-l?A!ibeadou'ot said, That all hay or straw fold within the said distance of thir-wei^h^ Th* m^es from the extent of the limits of the weekly bills of mor-hky^orftrlw tality, and touching which there shall be any doubt of want of may he weigh- weight, shall and may, on the delivery thereof at the house, yard, ed at the place loft, or any other place whereat the same shall be agreed to be ot deliveryj delivered, or shall be delivered by the feller thereof, be there and the feHtr weighed: and that no person shall incur any penalty for felling it riot liable to or exposing to sale, any hay or draw of less weight, or work the Tto^ef* & tlua*lty than the same ought to be, unless such hay or draw shall ot^wei^ht or weight either at or before the delivery, with the privity of quality, unlessthe buyer, his servant or agent, or complained of in respect of the hay or the quality thereof, at the time and place at which the same shall ft raw bebe agreect to be delivered by the fetter, in the presence of such 5t°or before the^r» ^is terv&nt, or agent; unless such fetter, his servant, or delivery, with agent, on request made, or on notice given to him or them to at-the privity of tend to fee such hay or draw so weighed, shall refuse or neglect the buyer, or to attend to fee the same so weighed; any thing in rhis act, or asro^it^quaii- any other to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstand-fy, at the tiftie |ng>

and place of delivery; and the feller refuse to attend, &c.

Xl. And whereas fialefmen, brokers, or factors employed by feeders of cattle, or farmers, to fell their live cattle within the city: J London, or within the said limits of the weekly bills of mortality, may be guilty of many abufies greaty to the prejudice of their employer by indirectly felling such cattle, and by that means ^flocking lands, which they may hire for that purpose, near the markets within the said city of London; or weekly, bills of mortality, where such cattle may it brought to be sold again, whenever they shall find a proper time or opportunity of felling the same to advantage \ be it therefore further Salesmen, &c. enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the said employed to twenty ninth day of September, no ftlefman, or other broker, or buy or fell cat- fa<dor, who shall be employed to buy or fell a$y fort of Cattle for spe^bu* ot^ers' by commission, or for reward, to be paid or taken, shall Orwell oh°thdr by himself, ' or any servant or agent, directly or indirectly, on or own account, for his own account, buy any live ox, bull, c5w, deer, bullock, heifer, calf, sheep, lamb, or swine, in London, or within the said limits of the said weekly bills of mortality, or at any place whilst any such cattle shall be on the road, or be driving, bringing, or coining up, to be sold or offered to or for sale, in Lcn-t don, or at any other place within the said limits of the said

weekly bills of mortality (other than such cattle which any such f xcep ion; faiefman> broker, or factor, shall actually purchase for the necessary use or provision of his family, and shall actually use accordingly) and that no such salesman, broker, or factor, after the said twenty ninth day of September, shall sell or expose to sale, or offer to or for sale, on his own account, in London, or at auv place within the said limits of the said weekly bills of mortality, either by himself, or his servant, or agent, any live ox, bull, cow,

(leer,

75^.] Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 40. 387

fleer, bullock, heifer, calf, sheep, lamb, orswine, upon pain that every person who shall so offend in the pretmflfes, shall every

time he shall be convicted of any such offence in maimer herein after mentioned, forfeit and pay for every such offence, double on penalty of the value of any live cattle, which he shall so buy or fell, on forfcitingdou-

his own account, contrary to the tenor of this act. lc*lc va uc#

XII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Carts, Sec. That from and after the said twenty ninth day of September, no ft^wfoy £\ person or persons shall permit or suffer his, her, or their wag- t<Tquit°the C> gon, cart, or carr, loaden with hay or draw for sale, to (land or market by a be in the hay market in Smithfeld in London, or in any hay mar-certain hour ket within the weekly bill* of mortality, from Lady Day to Mi-01' Penahy°f chaelmas, after four of the clock in the afternoon, and (rom Mi- 5*ckaelmas to Lady Day, after three of the clock in the afternoon,

upon pain to forfeit and pay, for every such offence respectively, five shillings; but before any forfeiture for the said last men- Hay weigher tioned offence shall be incurred, the hay weigher, clerk, or toll- of clerk, &c. gatherer, of the hay market, or his or their deputy, shall, onJ^S1^30.

every market day (to wit) Tuessay, Thursday, and Saturday, Tinging of

every week, ring a large hand bell round the hay market of which a bell*he shall be hay w'eigher, clerk, or toll-gatherer, of the market, either in London, or within the limits of the weekly bills of mortality, one hour before the expiration of the time above appointed fof persons bringing hay or straw for sale into any such hay market, to leave the same; and on any default of ringing such and on default bell, as aforesaid, being made, no person using any such hay of such notice, market, for the purpose of felling hay or straw, shall, the next r1SA^ immediate usual market day or days after any such default in j*ng^next ringing such bell, as aforesaid, shall be made, be liable to pay market day. any toll for any waggon, carr, or carr, (landing, or that shall stand, in any such hay market, to fell hay or straw; and every such hay market is hereby, in that case, and on the next market day in which any such default, as aforesaid, of ringing such bell shall be made, declared to be toll-free.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the an- Cartsstanding thorny aforesaid, That nb person shall incur any penalty for fuf- in the market fering his waggon, cart, or carr, loaden with hay or straw for during certain sale, to be in any such hay market from Lady Day to Michaelmas,

after three of the clock in the afternoon, and from Michaelmas iorfeit. to Lady Day, after two of the clock in thy afternoon; any other law or usage to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XIV. Provided likewise, and it is hereby further enacted by Prosecution t# the authority aforesaid, That no person shall be conVufted for becommcnced any of the before-mentioned offences, unless prosecution for any such offence shall be committed within three days after the Yence. offence complained of shall have been committed.

XV. And, for the more speedy recovery of all and every the mo- Recovery and

ney which shall be forfeited by breach or non-observance of any part ot

of this act, and for the difpfing thereof, be it further enacted by

" id, That on complaint being made, on

VIZ.

the authority aforesaid, That on complaint being made, on On complaint oath, to any justice or justices of the peace of any offence com- m ule, on oath,

Cci mitted 'he offence,

CC2, m, lted thejuiu.eitio

388 Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 40. [1758.

funuivm, See. mitted against this act, within his or their respective jurisdic-tlrc offender, tiens, such justice or justices is and are hereby required and au-nd witness, thorized to issue his or their summons to convene the person or persons charged with being an offender or offenders against this act, and also any witness or witnesses for any of the parties, at x certain time and place in such summons to be specified; and if any one so summoned shall not appear on such summons, or offer some reasonable excuse for the default, then any such justice or justices shall issue his or their warrant or warrants for apprehending the party or parties so making default within the jurisdiction of any such justice or justices; and upon the party or parties complained against appearing, or being brought before any such justice or justices on his or their warrantor warrants; and on the or>n ca(ethe party or parties complained against shall not appear partiesappear- on such summons being served on him, or left for him or them ingornot ap-at his or their usual place of abode, and proof shall be made peanng there- thereo^ by oath, before any such justice or justices; then every cee°d to hear° such justice and justices is and are hereby authorized and determine and required to prpceed to make enquiry touching the matters the matter of complained of, and to examine into the same by the oath or complaint in a oaths of any credible person or persons as shall be requisite, and ummary way; bear and determine the matter of every such complaint; and,

upon confession of the party, or proof of one credible witness, upon oath, to convict or acquit the party or parties against whom and on non- complaint shall be made; and if the money forfeited shall not

the forfeiture ^own on every fQCh conviction, every such ju-

on % onv1ffion &ce or justices shall issue his or their warrant or warrants under is to issue his*his hand and seal, or their hands and seals, for levying thereof warrant for within his or their jurisdiction, by distress on the goods and thereV/b^di c^atte's every such offender, or offenders, and to cause sale stress'and^ale*lo* mac^c of such goods and chattels, in case the money forfeited, together with the charges of such distress and sale, shall not be paid within five days after the making any such distress and sale, rendering the overplus, if any, to the owner thereof, upon demand, after deduding the reasonable charges of everyf fant an<*»and if any such offender shall not have

commhe° any Z°°&$ or chattels within the jurisdiction of such justice or offender for justices, whereon the money forfeited can be presently levied, any time not any justice or justices within whose jurisdiction any such offender exceeding i or 0ffcn(lers shall be, shall and may issue a warrant or warrants lcfTthin°o under his band and seal, or their hands and seals, on the applica* days, unless tien, or on the behalf, of any informer or informers, to appre-payment be hend every such offender and offenders, and to commit him or loaner made, them to some publick prison or house of correction of the county, division, city, town, or place, in which any such offence shall have been committed, there to remain for any time not exceeding one calendar month, nor less than ten days, from the time of every such commitment, unless such offender or offenders tVitnefi refus- shall sooner pay the money forfeited; and if any witness who ingtobeexa- shall appear or be brought by any warrant before any such ju-W^rammed &ce or justices, shall rftufc to be examined, any (>idi person so

refilling

1758.] Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 40. 389

refusing to be examined, may be committed by any such justice^ aQ t; or justices to some prison of the county, city, or place, wherenort*"ceeding such witness shall so make default, for any time not exceedingio days, ten days from the time of every such commitment, as any such justice or justices shall think fit.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That ifSelleraggriev-any person or persons convicted of any offence punishable by thisf^.by tn* f act, or for felling any truss or truffes of hay, of less weight than!, j^ce, may* the same ought to be, shall think him, her, or themselves ag- appeal to tht grieved by the judgment or determination of any justice or ju-quarter fef. ftices as aforesaid, such person or persons may appeal against the"on, 5

same to the justices at the general or general quarter sessions of the peace of the county, city, or place, in which any such conviction shall have been made, which shall be held next after any such conviction, unless such next general or general quarter sessions of the peace for any such county, city, or place, shall be held within six days next after any such conviction; and if any such general or general quarter sessions of the peace, shall happen to be so held within the said space of six days next after any such conviction, then it shall be lawful for any such person or persons to appeal against any such judgment or determination, to the justices at the second general or general quarter sessions of the peace which shall be held for any such county, city, or place, next after any such conviction; but the party or parties who entering into a shall think fit so to appeal, shall, before any fuen appeal shall be recognizance, received, enter into a recognizance, with two sufficient sureties,*1? r^pro-before such justice or justices as aforesaid, in double the sum faute the ap^ which such person or persons shall have been adjudged to pay peal withe£ or forfeit, to prosecute every such appeal with effect, and to be^i forth coming to abide by and obey the judgment and determination of the justices at any such general or general quarter sessions of the peace on every such appeal, and mall also give three and givingdue days notice, in writing, of every such appeal, to, or leave the notice thereof same at the usual place of abode of the person or persons who10 the Prose-Shall have prosecuted to conviction the party or parties so ap- cu or* pealing; and the justices of the peace at such general or general Justices to-quarter sessions, are hereby authorized and required, on every hear and de-such appeal being made, finally to hear and determine the mat- Ae

ter of every such appeal, and to make such order, and to award appcalaccord-such costs therein, as they in their discretion shall deem meet; ingly, and a-and the determination of such court of general or general quar- ward costs; ter sessions, on every such appeal, shall be final and conclusive their determu to all parties thereto, and no Certiorari shall be allowed to re- nation to bt*move any such proceedings or determination. (* »!> &c*

XVII. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid. Forfeitures to That one moiety of all money forfeited by this act, shall, when be applied, recovered, go and be paid to the person or persons who shall one moiety to prosecute to conviction any offender or offenders against thisthe prosecut-act, and that the other moiety thereof shall go and be paid to or to'tte oooor^ for the use of the poor of the pariftvor place where the offence of the parish. shall have been committed.

by

39©

Inhabitants deemed competent wit-neflcb.

Limitation of'actions.

[General issue.]

[Treble costs.]

Preamble, reciting several clauses in aft >9 Geo. f.

Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 41.

[175*.

XVIII. Provided always, and it is hereby IbirthCi1 enacted, That any inhabitant of the parish or place in which any offence shall be committed against this act, shall, notwithstanding feck inhabitancy, be a good and competent witness.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That if any plaint, action, or suit, shall be commenced or prosecuted against any person or persons, for what he or they ftufi do or have done in pursuance or in execution of this act, the same shall be commenced within six months after the offence committed, and shall be laid in the county or city where the of fence shall have been committed; and such person or persons so (ued, in any court whatsoever, shall and may plead the getim! issue, not guilty, and may give this act, and the spectal matter in evidence, at any trial to be had thereupon; and if a verdiS shall be fouod for the defendant or defendants, or if the phin-tiff shall become nonsuit, ordiscontinuehis action, after the defendant shall have appeared; or if judgment shall be given, upon a demurrer, against the plaintiff or plaintiffs, the defendant or defendants, in every such action, thalf recover treble costs, and have the like remedy for the same as any defendant or defendants hath or have in other cases for recovery of his or their costs.

CAP. XU.

An act to amend and render more effectual An act passed in the twenty ninth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for inclosing, by the mutual consent of the lords and tenants, part of any common, for the purpose of planting and preserving trees fk for timber or underwood; and for more effectuilly preventing the unlawful destruction of trees.

WHEREAS by m act made in the twenty ninth year of the reign of his present Majesty % intituled An act for inclosing, by the mutual consent of the lord and tenants, part of any common, for the purpose of planting and preserving trees fit for, timber or underwood; and for more effectually preventing the unlawful destruction of trees; it among other things, in-

afledj That it shall and may he lawful to and for his Majestyx hi: heirs audfucccJJorsyand all other owners of wajles, woods, and pajluris, in that part of Great Britain called England, wherein any perjer. or psrfonsy or body or bodies politic or corporate, hath or have a right of common of pajlurey by and with the assent of the major part r; member and value of the owners and occupiers of tenements, to which the said right of common of pasture doth belong, and to and for themajor part in number and value of the owners and occupiers, of Ju b tenements, by and with the assent of the owner or owners of the fats wajhsy woods, and passures, and to and for any other person or persons, or body politic or corporate, by and with the assent and grant sf the owner or owners of such ivijles> woods, and pa/luresy and the

1758.] Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 41* 591

major part in number and value of the owners and occupier $ of fitch temmnts, to inclose and keep in severalty, for the growth and pre feruation of timber or underwood, part of such wafies, woods,

and pastures, for fiuch time, am/ in fuelb manner, and upon such conditions, as shall be agreed by them respectively: and whereas it is by the find aft provided, That in case any ncompence shall be agreed to be given for such inclosure, to or for the benefit of the owners and occupiers of the tenements to which the right of common in such wajhs, woods, and pastures, doth belong, such recompence shall be made either by a grant of a Share of the profit which shall arise from the sale of the timber or underwood growing on the ground or foil Jo inclosed, or by a grant of other lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or by tome annuity or relit charge iJJ'uing out of the said ground or foil Jo inclosed, or out of ether lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or shall be paid in money, to be placed out at interest on public securities, or laid out in the purchase of lands, tenements, or hereditaments, or of same annuity or relit charge issuing out of lands, tenements, or hereditaments i and the produce of such lands, tenements, or her edit aments or such annuity or relit charge, or the iuterejl of such money, until the same shall be laid out in such purchase, as aforesaidx shall be paid, from time to time* to the ovtrfeers or overjcer of the poor of the said parish or township, and shall be by them or him applied towards the relief of the poor of the parish or township where such wafies, woods, or pastures, shall lie, and accounted for in such manner as the rates for relief of the poor are by law dire sted to be accounted for: and whereas, in many cases, the right of common of pasture in the ground or foil inclosed, or intended to be inclosedmay not belong to all the owners and occupiers of tenements within the parishes or townships wherein such wafies, woods, or pastures, shall lie: and whereas the owners and occupiers of such tenements, to which such peculiar right of common doth belong, may refuse their ajfient to an inclosure, the recompence for which is applicable to the general re* lief of the poor of the parish, and not to them in proportion to their particular interests*, and yet they may be willing to accept a different recompence from that which is provided by the said act-, be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the first day of August, The rtcom-one thousand seven hundred and fifty eight, every recompence pence to be to be made by virtue of the said act, shall be made to the per- "Jade "n son or perfops interested in the said light of common, in pro- [neref^a of portion to their respective interest or interests therein; and not the rights of to be paid to the overseer or overseers of the poor, as is directed common of

by the said ach pafturein

J grounds to be

inclosed for planting trees, is to be paid to the persons respectively interested therein, and not to the overseers of the poor.

II. And whereas doubts may arise whether tenants for life, or for terms of years, determinable upon one or more lije or lives, be own- |c^19 cp°

frs, within the meaning of this act, and that of the twenty ninth of years deter-

C 14 his minable there-

such their tftate.

39. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c.

[1758.

upon, may ex- his present Majestfs reign; be it enacted by the authority afore-

ecuicthe po»- That the powers given to such owners by this act, and the tUe^'ec !eiiy^a<^ of the twenty ninth of his present Majesty's reign, may this, Lt, be executed by such tenants for'life, or years, during their re-their spefttve interests. t ctive m- HI. Provided always, That nothing done by such tenants But no act of ^or bfe» or terms of years, by virtue of this act, or by the act theirs is to of the twenty ninth of his present Majesty's reign, mail have have effect, effect or continuance after the determination of the estate of such after the de- tenants for life, or terms of years.

termination of

CAP. XLII.

An act for making perpetual several acts therein mentioned, for preventing the ft and rapine on the northern borders of England; for the more punishing wicked and evil disposed persons going armed in disguise, and doing injuries and violences to the persons and properties of his

subjects, and for the more speedy bringing the offenders to justice\ and also two clauses to prevent the cutting er breaking down the bank of any, or sea bank; and to prevent the malicious cutting of bop for the more

effectual punishment of persons maliciously setting on fire arty mine, pit, or delph of, or canal coal; and of persons unlawfully bunting or taking any red or fallow deer in for efts or chafes; or beating or wounding the keepers or other officers in for efts, or; and also

so much of an act as relates to the power of appealing to the circuit courts in civil cases in Scodand.

[Preamble.]

Act 13 & 14.

Car.

WHEREAS the lazvs herein after mentioned, which have by experience been found \ifeful and beneficial, are near expiring: may it therefore please your most excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted 3 and be it enacted by the King's most excellent majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the lords spiritual and temporal, and commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That an act made in the thirteenth and fourteenth years of the reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An act for preventing the ft and rapine upon the northern borders of England 3 which by several a fts hath from time to time been continued; and by an act made, in the sixth year of the reign of his present Majesty (for making perpetual several acts, and for other purposes therein mentioned) was further continued until the first day of September one thousand seven hundred and forty four, and frgm thence to the ent} of the then next session of parliament 3 and also several clauses, powers, and au-clantes and thorities, in the afore-mentioned act made in the sixth year of

aftof6 Geo. re*gn of his present Majesty, for the more effectual prevent-. relating'ing of theft and rapine upon the northern borders of England: thereto; and ^r*d which by the said act were to continue in force until the first

and several

ryjS.] Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 42. 393.

day of September onethou&nd seven hundred and forty four, and which were from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; continued by and which said act, together with the said several clauses, pow- qeJc^ ta« are ers, and authorities, were, by several subsequent acts made in the made perpe-seventeenth and twenty fourth years of the reign of his present tual.

Majesty, further continued until the first day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, and from thence to the eod of the then next session of parliament; are temporary, and near expiring, shall be, and are hereby made perpetual.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That Act 9 Geo. 1. an act made in the ninth year of the reign of his late majesty and which wa* King George the First, intituled An act for the more effectual fgv^bfe-punishing wicked and evil disposed persons going armed in disguise, quest aas, is and doing injuries and violences to the persons and properties of his made perpe. Majesty's subjects % and for the more speedy bringing the offenders to tual. justice\ which by several subsequent acts, one made in the

twelfth year of the reign of his late Majesty, and the others made in the sixth, tenth, seventeenth, and twenty fourth years of the reign of his present Majesty, was further continued until the first day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; is temporary, and near expiring, shall be, and is hereby made perpetual.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Clause in aft That a clause in an act made in the sixth year of the reign of 6

his present Majesty (for making perpetual several acts, and for down other purposes therein mentioned) to prevent the cutting or the banks of breaking down the bank of any river, or sea bank, which was rivers* and to continue in force during the continuance of an act made in whic.h the ninth year of the reign of his said late Majesty; and which by another act made in the tenth year of the reign of his pre- quent aa*, it lent Majesty, was further continued during the continuance made perpe-of the afore-mentioned act made in the ninth year of the reigntual* of his said late Majesty; and which by several subsequent acts made in the seventeenth and twenty fourth years of his present Majesty's reign, was further continued untif the first day of September one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; is temporary, and near expiring, shall be, and is hereby made perpetual.

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, Clause in aft That a clause in an act made in the sixth year of the reign of his 6 Geo. to present Majesty (for making perpetual several acts, and for ^lidou^cut-other purposes therein mentioned) to prevent the malicious cut- ting of bop ting of hop binds growing on poles in any plantation of hops; binds, and which was to continue in force during the continuance of an act which was. made in the ninth year of the reign of his said late Majesty, and which by several subsequent acts made in the tenth, seventeenth, q^nt acts, is and twenty fourth years of his present Majesty's reign, was fur- made perpe-ther continued until the first day of September, one thousand fe- tual. yen hundred and fifty seven, and from thence to the end of the

394.] Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 42* f 1758,

then next session of parliament; is temporary, and near expiring, shall be, and is hereby made perpetual.

Clause in aft V. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That 10 Geo. 2. for a dause in an act made in the tenth year of the reign of his pre-powers'in aft ^ent Majesty (for continuing an act for the more effectual pun-9 Geo. 1. to the Hiring wicked and evil-disposed persons going armed m di % uife, several cases of and doing injuries and violences to the persons and properties offences Mere- of his Majesty's subjects, and for the more speedy bringing the and ilich was °ffenders to justice; and for other purposes therein mentioned) continued byto*end, during, the continuance of the said act, all the pro-several subse- visions therein contained (for the more speedy and cafy bringing quest acts, is the offenders against the said act to justice, and the persons who null* per*- shall conceaU and abet or succour such offenders* and for making satisfaction and amends to all and every the person and persons, their executors and administrators, for the damages they shall have sustained or suffered by any offender or offenders against the said act; and for the encouragement of persons to apprehend such offender and offenders; and for the bettor and more impartial trial of any indictment or information which shall be found, commenced, or prosecuted, for any of the offences committed against the said act; together with all restrictions, limitations, and mitigations, by the said act directed) to all cases of offences committed by unlawfully and maliciously cutting down the bank or banks of any river, or any sea bank, whereby any lands shall be overflowed or damaged; or by unlawfully and maliciously cutting any hop binds growing on poles in any plantation of hcj>s; or by wilfully and maliciously setting on fire, or causing to be set on fire, any mine, pit, or delph of coal, or cannel coal, and which, by federal subsequent acts made in the seventeenth and twenty fourth years of his present Majesty's reign, was further continued until the fir# day of 5epiembery one thousand seven hundred and fifty seven, and from thence to the end of the then next session of parliament; is temporary, n rn^anc* rvcar expiring, shall be, and is hereby made perpetual.

10^0.2.or VJ. And it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That punching of the several clauses in an act made in the tenth year of the reign persons mali- of his present Majesty (for the more effectual punishment of on fire In1*2 P*1^008 maliciously setting on fire any mine, pit, or delph of niine'of^oal; coa*or cannel coal; or unlawfully hunting or taking any red or or unlawfully fallow deer in forests or chaces; or beating and wounding the, hunting and keepers or other officers in forests, chaces, or parks) which were and atin*to !continue m during die continuance of an act made

and wound?ngn x^e n>ntb year of the reign of his said late Majesty, and the keepers of which by several subsequent acts, made in the seventeenth and parks, &c. twenty fourth years of his present Majesty's reign, were further and which continued until the first day of September, one thousand seven e^y ffvtral hundred and fifty seven, and from thence to the end of the then iuWquent next session of parliament; are temporary, and near expiring, jfts, aie made shall he, and are hereby made perpetual.

perpetual. VH. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid,

*a o^ioV^ That rauch of an act made in the twentieth year of his pre* v*fem

1758.] Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 43, -50. 395

sent Majesty's reign, intituled An act for taking away and abo-a* relate* to lifting the heritable jurisdictiom in that part of Great Britain called ^h!^cr of Scotland, and for making satisfaction to the proprietors thereof and t£Fdrcu?tt0 for restoring such jurisdictiom to the crown; and for making more ef- courts in ci-feftual provision for the administration of justice, throughout that vil cases, is part of the united kingdom, by the King's courts and judges there \ Jna^c PerPc" and for obliging all persons acting as procurators, writer s, or agents, tua*in the law of Scotland, to take the oaths; and for rendering the union of the two kingdoms more complete; as relates to the power of appealing to the circuit courts in civil cases, which was to continue in force for the space of ten years from the twenty fifth day of March, one thousand seven hundred and forty eight, and amd from thence to the end of the then next fdfion of parliament; is temporary, and near expiring, shall be, and is 'hereby made perpetual.

CAP. XLIII.

An act for repairing and widening several roads in the counties of Dorset and Devon, leading to and through the borough of Lyme Regis.

CAP. XLIV.

An act for repairing the road from the village of Magor, to the bridge-foot in the town of Chepstow, in the county of Monmouth; and other roads in the counties of Monmouth and Gloucester.

CAP. XLV.

An act for ascertaining and collecting the poors rates, and for better regulating the poor in the parish of Saint Mary Magdalen Bermondsey in the county of Surry.

CAP. XLVI.

An act to amend an act passed in the last session of parliament, intituled An act for building a bridge or bridges cross the river of Thames, from a certain place in Old Brentford, in the parish of Ealing, in the county of Middlesex, known by the name of Smith, or Smith's Hill, to the opposite shore in the county of Surrey.

CAP. XLVII.

An act for the more easy and speedy repairing of publick bridges within the county of Devon.

CAP. XLVIII.

An act for enlarging the term and powers granted by an act of parliament passed in the twenty fourth year of his present Majesty's reign, for enlarging the term and powers granted by an act passed in the third year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and amending the several roads leading from Woodstock, through Kiddington and Enstone, to Rollright Lane, and Enslow Bridge to Kiddington aforesaid; and for making the said act more effectual.

CAP. XLIX.

An act for amending several roads leading from the town of Tiverton, in the county of Devon.

CAP. L.

An act for repairing and widening the roads from Donington High Bridge to Hale Drove, and to the Eighth Mile Stone, in the parish of Wigtoft, and to Langret Ferry, in the county of Lincoln.

Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 51, -58. [1758.

CAP. LI.

An act for repairing the high road leading from Brent Bridge in the county of Devon, to Gasking Gate, in or near the borough of Plymouth, in the said county.

CAP. LII.

An act for enlarging the term granted by an act made in the twenty sixth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for laying a duty of two pinny Scots, or a fixib part of a pinny sterling, upon tuny Scots pirn of alt and btn which fludl bt brewtd for salt, brought into, tapped, or foU, within tbt town and panfli of? rest on Pans, in the flan of Raft Lothian, otbirwife Haddingtoun, for ripcuring the harbour of tbt feud town9 and fir other purposes therein mentioned.

CAP. LIII.

An act to explain, amend, and render more effectual an act passed in the ninth and tenth years of the reign of his late majesty King William the Third, intituled An act for trifling hospitals and workhouses witbm tin city and county of the city of Exon, for the better employing and maintasmseg the poor there.

CAP. LIV.

An act for repealing so much of the act of the fifteenth year of his present Majesty, for enlarging the term and powers granted by an act of the thirteenth year of bi$ late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the roads from Cirencester Town's End to Saint John's Bridge in the county of Gloucester, as directs that the inhabitants of the several parishes and hamlets therein named, shall pass toll tree; and for repairing the street from the High Cross in Cirencester to the Town s End there*and for other purposes therein mentioned } and for enlarging the terms and powers granted by the said two former acts.

CAP. LV.

An act for enlarging the terra and powers granted by an act of the twenty fifth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled, Anafl for reftairtrtg the post road from the city of Edinburgh, through the counties of 'Linittbgow and Stirling, from the Boat-house Ford, on Almond Water, and from thence to the town of Linlithgow, and from the said town of Falkirk, and from thence to Stirling, and also from Falkirk to Kilfith, and to Inch Bella Bridge, on the post road to the city of Glasgow, and for building a bridge crols Almond Water.

CAP. LVI.

An act for enlarging the powers granted by an act passed in the eighteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for rendering more effectual the federal acts passed for the ereflin£ of hospitals and workhouses within the city of Bristol, fir the better employing and maintamng of the poor thereofj and for maxing the said act more effectual.

CAP. LVII.

An act for making more effectual four several acts of parliament, made in the sixth year of the reign of her late majesty Queen Anne; in the eleventh year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First; and in the tenth and thirteenth years of the reign of his present Majesty respectively, for repairing the highways from Old Stratford in the county of Northampton to Dunchurch, in the county of Warwick.

CAP. LVIII.

An act to continue and render more effectual two acts of parliament made in the twelfth year of the reign of his late Majesty, and in the eighteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the reads leading from Birmingham to Edghill, in the county of Warwick.

1758.] Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 59, — 6ff. 397

CAP. LIX.

An act for building a bridge cross the river Trent, at or near a place called Wilden Ferry.

CAP. LX.

An act to enlarge, alter, and render move effectual, the term and powerr of an act of the twelfth year of his present Majesty, for repairing the roads from Bakewell to Chesterfield in the county of Derby; and from Chesterfield to Worksop in the county of Nottingham, and other roads therein mentioned.

CAP. LXI.

An act for repairing and widening the road from Cirencester in the county of Gloucester, to Cricklade in the county of Wilts.

CAP. LXII.

An act for repairing and widening the roads from Little Sheffield, in the county of York, through the towns of HatherDge, Hope, and Castle-ton, to Sparrowpit Gate, in the county of Derby: and from the Guide Felt near Barber's Field Cupola, through Grindleford Bridge, Great Hucklow, Tidswell, Hardgate Wall, and Fairfield, to Buxton, in the county of Derby.

CAP. LXIII.

An act for repairing the road from Leeds to Sheffield, in the county of York.

CAP. LXIV.

An act for enlarging the terms and powers of two acts of parliament, one passed in the nineteenth year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for enlarging the tern* and powers granted ty an act passed in the twelfth year of the reign of his late majesty King George the First, for repairing the road from the city of Gloucester to Stone, and other roads therein.mentioned: and for making the said act more effectual: and the other passed in the twenty second year of the reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act for continuing two acts of parliament, the one passed in the thirteenth year of the reign, of his late majesty King George the first, for amending the federal roads leading from the city of Bristol; and the otkir faffed % n the fourth year of the reign of his present Majesty, to explain and amend the same ad, and for making the said acts more effectual: and also for repairing other roads therein mentioned: and for making all the said acts more etteftual: and for repairing, widening, and keeping in repair, several other roads.

CAP. LXV.

An act for repairing and widening the roads from Tetbury, to the gate* on the west of Slmond's Hall Down; and from the turnpike gate at the top of Fi ocester Hill, to the turnpike road from Cirencester towards Bath j and from the field called Bouldown Sleight, to the end of a lane adjoining to the road from Horsley to Tetbury, near Tiltup's Inn; and from the Market-House in Tetbury, to the turnpike road on Min-chin Hampton Common } and from the said road in Minchin Hampton Field, unto the turnpike road from Cirencester to Stroud, near Burnt Aih 5 and from the said turnpike road, to Tayloe's Millpond in Chal-ford Bottom, and through Hide, to the bottom of the Bourn Hill, in the county of Gloucester.

CAP. LXVI.

An act for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the roads leading from Christian Malford Bridge, in the county of Wilts, to Shillingford Gate, in the county of Berks ? and also from Swindon to Lyddenton Wall, in the said county of Wilts.

39. Anno tricesimo primo Georgii II. c. 67, -75. [1758.

CAP. LXVII.

An act for widening and repairing several roads leading from the Welsh Gate and Cotton Hill, in the town of Shrewsbury, in the county of Salop.

CAP. LXVIII.

An act for amending the road leading from Pengate in the parish of West, bury, in the county of Wilts, to Latcbet's Bridge, near the eatt end of Market Lavington i and also the road leading from Market Lavington Down, to the turnpike road near Dewey's Water: and also the road leading from Bolesborough, to Studley Lane end; and also the road leading from Yambrook, to the turnpike road at MelkQiam, in the said county of Wilts.

CAP. LXIX.

An act to continue and render more effectual an act made in the fifteenth year of his present Majesty's reign, intituled An act for laying a duty ef two pennies Scots, or one sixth part of a penny fierling, upon every Scots pint of ale and beer <which shall he brewed for fate, brought otto, tapped, or Jall, within the town of Kirkcaldy, and liberties thereof.

CAP. LXX.

An act to enable the trustees appointed for putting in execution an* act passed in this session of parliament, intituled An act for repealing fi much of the act of the fifteenth year of his present Majesty, jor enlarging the term and powers granted by an act of the thirteenth year of his late majesty King George the First, for repairing the roads from Ctreucefttr Town's end to Saint John's Bridgei in the county of Gloucester, as directs that the inhabitants of the several tarishes and hamlets therein named, shall pass toll-free: and jor repairing the Street from the High Gross in Cirencester, to the town's end there, and jor other purposes therein mentioned', and for enlarging the terms and powers granted by tie said two former acts \ to reduce all or any of the tolls granted by the said act; and for appointing additional trusteea for putting the said acts in execution.

CAP. LXXL

An act for regulating, governing, preferring, and improving, the oyster fishery in the river Colne, and waters thereto belonging.

CAP. LXXII.

An act for extending the navigation of the river Calder, to or near to Soererby Bridge in the parish of Halifax; and for making navigable the river Heble, Halig or Halifax Brook, from Brookfmouth to Saker Hebble Bridge, in the county of York.

CAP. LXXIII.

An act for repairing and widening the roads from Chawton Pond, in the paritli of Chawton, in the county of Southampton, through Kumfdeaq Bottom, Weitmeon, Warn ford, Exton, Bishop's Waltham, and over feherrili Heath, and through Wickham and Fareham, to the town of Gosport; and from Exon aforesaid, through Droxford, to the call end ui Sherrill licath, in the said county.

CAP. LXXIV.

An act for repairing and widening the roads from the town of Bittiop's Waltham, in the county of Southampton, over the too of the down.called Stephen's Cattle Down, and through Salt Lane and Tichborne, to, the town of New Alresford j and from the Market House in the said town of New Alresford, through Old Alresford, Bradley Lane, and over Herriard Common, to the town of Odibam in the said county.

CAP. LXXV.

An act for repairing and widening the roads from the town of Stock-bridge, in the county of Southampton, to the city of Winchester; and from the said city, through Be'lmour Lane, to the top of Steven's Callle Down, near the town of Bishop's Waltham', in the said county; and from the said city of Winchester, through Otterborne, to Bargate, in the town and county of the town of Southampton.

1759.] Anno tricesimo secundo Georgii II. c. i.

CAP. LXXVI.

An act for fdief of the coalhenvers working upon the riw Thames; and for entbling them to make a provision for forty'of themfeive* as shall be i<CK laiste, or past their labour, ai*ffor their widows and orphan*.

CAP. LXXVII.

An act for repairing and widening the road from the SwattInn at Lea-therhead, to the Maypole at the upper end of Spiral or SocncrlcC Street, ht the pariflt oi Stoake, near the town of Guldeford, in the county of Surrey.

CAP. LXXVIII.

An act for repairing and widening the road from the town of Guldeford, to the Directing Pott near the town of Farnham, in the county of Surrey.

